quite right, but "you are the product" is obviously even more true of Google, selling you to advertisers, right? Microsoft just wants you to want their product. Google wants to know everything about you so they can sell you to advertisers. More and more, to all companies, especially tech companies, we are commodities to be sold. Well, sure, and if everybody installed effective ad blocking software so they never saw a google ad, that would decrease the load on google's servers too. What you're asking for is awesome, but.... it's really hard to do well. The extra abstraction is hard to get right. Instead a bunch of decoupled components playing well together, you can wind up with a bunch of chaotic components having their dependencies changed out from under them, and seriously raising the barrier to entry for newbie developers who need to figure out how to put humpty dumpty back together again to actually build an app. Rails 2->3 tried to the general route you're talking about (but still with language API connections, not REST. That would be even harder in some ways) --- with, well, mixed success. And Rails starts out lower level (much less UI built-ins) than django, another thing that would make it even harder. I've had many failures in personal homegrown projects. :) Abstraction is hard. To do super high level of architecture abstraction _well_ takes experience and skill, as well as more developer resources. It's easy to go off into architecture astronaut adventures, and you end up spending all your development time trying to keep the parts working together, significantly sapping resources to actually, you know, provide new functionality. That said, there is certainly such a thing also as too little abstraction and too much tight-coupling too, obviously. There is a happy medium. Plus, it's actually really HATEOS that gives you discoverability, not just any old REST. But either way, I agree with you, while the theory is that if you do it 'right' one way or another it's self-documenting, I have yet to see an API which doesn't need good documentation to be usable. Well, actually, that's a lie, I've seen at least one: The TinyURL "api". Which is obviously extremely simple. Until I read the comments I didn't get what this was supposed to be --- ghostery for the win, blocks Facebook Social Graph and Facebook Social Plugin. > So even though the row has (from our perspective) a non-zero value, MySQL sees it as matching zero. What? Why does MySQL return the row with 'y' in it (in a 'binary' column) when you ask for "where row = 0'? wtf is going on here? That seems to be the real culprit here. I assume it's MySQL's 'helpful' conversion routines again, but I'm just assuming, I don't understand the details. i suspect a bunch of high profile projects already HAVE fallen apart; they just haven't fallen apart in high profile ways. "Still working on it" messages gradually decreasing in frequency until everyone forgets. The REALLY weird thing is that "cross platform exemption." This guy was NOT doing what that section of the ToS was meant to prohibit. But let's say someone else had an app that really was, that was doing in-app purchases without giving apple their 30% vigorish.... all you have to do is make it for Android too, and Apple will let you? Really? Does this really work? pretty sure it doesn't. The dude is in Europe. Most people in Europe don't even have credit cards, really. Credit card infrastruture is way less developed in Europe. (Let alone 'less developed' parts of the world, which still have developers). The whole world is not the US. I would really like to see an option in Turbolinks to be opt-in instead of opt-out. Instead of applying the pjax-type behavior to all links unless they have data-no-turbolink, only apply to links that have data-turbolink (or ideally a completely unobtrusive option to do $(node).turbolink() or $(node).data("turboLink", true) or something. Although this is made more complicated by turbolinks intentional lack of jquery dependency). Probably not too hard to add it to it. Maybe i'll get around to making up a patch myself if nobody else does. But I'd be a lot happier with turbolink on a link-by-link opt-in basis. Hmm, I wonder if there's any way to have an event on page:change that somehow _sends_ a document.ready trigger. So it will trigger all document.ready hooks, without any changes to the code hooking into document.ready (which of course could come from third-party dependencies you can't easily change to use page:change themselves, and which may not want to be changed to have turbolinks-related code in them). Might be easier if your code exclusively uses jquery's ready rather than native DOM onload or whatever. But yeah, either way, this is a bunch of added logic that can go wrong, I'm not super enthused about it myself. Google's business interests are weird here. They presumably were getting _paid_ by Apple for maps integration. Do they really want to say "Sure, stop paying us, and for free we'll make sure to provide an app of our own to your customers that's just as high quality?" On the other hand, Google is certainly otherwise often in the business of providing free apps to people that they try to get as many people as possible to use on other people's devices (I mean, Android. On the other hand, even though Android is theoretically free, i think every device maker that uses it has a paid contract with google). It's pretty unclear what Google's interests and plans are when it comes to this stuff. Interesting, I had not heard of Foundation before, and am interested in checking it out to see how it does with the few things that annoy me about Bootstrap. So appreciate the pointer. But when I go to the Foundation web pages... I've clicked like 5 times, have managed to get to the Getting Started page, and I still haven't seen any code examples of how to actually use it. Note that the Bootstrap docs start with and are centered around examples; it _starts_ by telling you how to install it and start using it. Every 'feature' element on the home page is right next to a code example showing how to do it. I think Bootstrap's documentation is actually a huge part of it's success. If you're wondering why Bootstrap caught on where Foundation didn't, I think that's probably part of it. Foundation's docs _look_ as pretty as Bootstrap's (which is a good sign given the nature of the products), but they aren't done as well for getting people to dive in quick or overview of how the code actually works quick. Writing good docs is a skill of it's own, and whoever does it for Bootstrap has definitely got it. You can get started with Bootstrap _so_ fast, because the docs are written with that goal in mind and achieve it. oh yeah, perfectly straightforward, only took several thousand words to confusingly explain. Nope, not simple. Yep, this is a git usability problem. In the ruby/github world, people generally violate this and DO rewrite 'public' history in order to get 'cleanness', primarily because almost ALL history is 'public', since you tend to show people work in progress on github, or just push it there to have a reliable copy in the cloud. And yes, this sometimes leads to madness. I've never even looked at any linux source code, but I still know there's too much of it to believe Linus reviews and signs off on every single commit personally. And yet if you _don't_ push it to the server, then nobody else can see it. And don't you want other people to see develop branches to give feedback and even to collaborate on writing? In practice, what everyone does is they DO rewrite history on those pushed dev branches, and they TRY to avoid the world of hurt by some convention for keeping track of what branches are 'development branches', and knowing that their history can change, and thus not _pulling_ from these branches into anything except a branch that does nothing but track the dev branch. And then using 'rebase' in just the right way on your local copy of that dev branch, when you need to. And then winding up in that world of hurt when something goes wrong. Contrary to all the git apologists in this thread, i think it is one of the biggest usability problems with git. I'm not familiar enough with the other dcvs to know if they manage to do this better. I do know for all that, branching/merging is still a hell of a lot better than it was with svn. What I myself tend to do is avoid ever rewriting history, sacrificing 'cleanness' for reliability and safety. Except when I'm working on a dev branch for an open source project where they insist upon it, and then I worry, and mess up a lot, and spend lots of time recovering from my mistakes. > merge pains are reduced by frequently dealing with smaller rebase merges instead of trying to do one massive merge at the end when I'm finished with a longer life task that might last a week or two. The more often you merge the less painful it is. You can take care of that just by doing frequent regular merges, no need to do rebase ever, and rebase doesn't make this part any easier, does it? I think the 'cleaning part of history', and trying to avoid those annoying merge commits in the logs, is in fact the only reason to do rebases, no? It's obviously an important one to many people. you sure those aren't debit/check cards? May also vary in different European countries. http://www.foreignersfinances.com/money-around-the-world-cre... I think most of those fancy debit/check cards do not have visa or mastercard serials, and thus can not be used to pay American websites that take credit cards (unlike American debit cards that have visa serials and use the same processing network as credit cards). how about, say, RSS/Atom feed autodiscovery links in ? how about s at end of for load performance instead of in ? there's always edge cases. it's asking for trouble, sez me. While it's more frustrating to have no control over the reliability, I suspect that most companies could not achieve the level of reliability from AWS by self-hosting, at anywhere close to the cost (inc. stafftime). Nothing is 100%, and getting as close to 100% as you can gets exponentially more expensive the closer you get. Of course, this could change if AWS's reliability trends downward. But it's never going to be 100%, and neither is anything you do yourself. I wonder if US East just has a LOT more customers. wonder if anyone's been keeping and publishing statistics on exactly how often AWS US East has been down. Perhaps it's more than I thought. Of course, most failures haven't been effecting _all_ of US East, so maybe what would be interesting to look at is just _some_ customer's data on exactly how much downtime they had in the past 3 years or whatever. Without knowing what the uptime/downtime was, hard to say how terrible it was, or how it compares to other options. yes. Absolutely. This is the number one rule of writing APIs. If you use an api of any kind, from open-source code API's, to proprietary black box HTTP api's -- you can _definitely_ tell when the api developers have a strong understanding of the use cases, and when they don't. The best way to get a strong understanding of the use cases is to write a client. This is what "dog fooding" means. Amount of times I've gotten a robocall from a politician so far: 0 Amount of times I've gotten a robocall from Rachel at Cardholder Services -- approximately twice a week for the past four months. Why would I be annoyed at politician robocalls I don't get? > tl;dr If you have problems with MongoDB, you aren't using it right. Read the documentation more carefully, and then when that doesn't work, hire an expert. I'm getting the idea that is rather challenging to use mongoDB right. While there's certainly a place for power tools that can only be used by highly trained experts or you risk disaster... that kind of goes against the idea that mongodb has anything to do with 'simplicity', don't it? I have ("Hey, how about you pay me 80% of my salary for 80% time?"), but I work at a university. And 80% is the lowest one can go in HR rules here and still get health insurance. (If the US acted like EVERY other non-poor country and had nationalized health insurance, this would be a LOT easier). And they actually probably end up getting quite a bit more out of me than actual 80% time, I end up working longer hours on the days I do work than I used to, but not so long that I'm working as much as I used to, and it's worth it to me to get a 3 day weekend every week. > 20 hour work weeks don't usually lead to more life experiences, in my experience. You just have more time to focus on side-projects or hobbies. Um, right, by focusing on side-projects and hobbies, you get more life experiences is the idea. Certainly you get more diverse life experiences. Actually, can you really do dynamic inheritance in ruby? I don't _think_ so. There are ways to apply inheritance dynamically at runtime of course (including with module mix-ins, which are basically just inheritance even though ruby pretends it isn't), but I don't think you can _undo_ inheritance at runtime. You can easily simulate dynamic inheritance in ruby.... with composition, using delegate-like patterns. I think, honestly, nobody really knows for sure, not even lawyers. The law is unclear (in the US anyway) -- especially when DRM is involved. Even though you hate the federal reserve bank, did you see the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis published a working paper critical of software patents recently? http://research.stlouisfed.org/wp/2012/2012-035.pdf Also way back in 2004, Alan Greenspan, then chair of the fed, questioned patents. http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/speeches/2004/200402... Even those that don't hate the fed can get behind hating patents. > Speech recognition, for example, is very patent-intensive." The nytimes article with the guy who DID spend lots of time trying to innovate in speech recognition, recognized as a genius in the field, who was driven out by someone elses patent. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/08/technology/patent-wars-amo... > Outside Microsoft, critics charged that Biddle's project represented the beginning of the end for the PC as an open platform. They feared that Microsoft would use the technology to exert control over which software could be executed on Windows PCs, freezing out open source operating systems and reducing users' freedom to run the software of their choice. Nope, it's Apple that got there first with iOS. I think the thesis on how the darknet would defeat DRM was correct... but only assuming OS's and hardware that actually gave owners control of what software they ran on the devices they own. In a world where you void your warranty and possibly make it impossible to upgrade your OS (_and_ possibly break the law in the US!), by 'jailbreaking' your device so that you can install software on it without that software having been given a stamp of approval by the device vendor... I'm not so sure. And I suspect DRM was the real motivation for setting up the ecology this way on iOS -- where Apple managed to succeed, both technologically and in the court of public opinion, where Microsoft had previously failed, in doing exactly what people were scared Microsoft was doing -- reducing users' freedom to run the software of their choice. And that's what looks like the future of consumer computing now, no? The idea that a device owner should have the right to install whatever software they want on their device... is going to seem a quaint relic of a bygone age in 10 years, and not just for 'mobile'. jailbreaking _phones_ is _possibly temporarily_ legal, as an exception to DMCA by the Librarian of Congress which has to be explicitly renewed every few years. Jailbreaking tablets is not legal. Providing or distributing software intended to help you jailbreak is also illegal, even though jailbreaking may be legal. See the EFF on this (and donate some money to them!): https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/11/2012-dmca-rulemaking-w... I am new to having HTML email sent. What do folks do with the large (large in this case anyway) stylesheet, that actually works with actual email clients? Link it with a tag? Plop it all into a tag? (where?) Something else? What are current best practices for sending html email that needs a non-trivial stylesheet like this? Googling around, i'm still left not sure; many pages I find make recommendations that would make using these templates tricky (although some of them are a couple years old or more). > Basically, avoid floats, use tables, use inline styles. Yeah, that's what I was finding too -- and that advice is pretty much incompatible with the "responsive email templates" offered in the OP, no? That's what I'm wondering about. So, as someone who works with HTML emails all day long, do you have an evaluation of the "responsive email templates" in the OP? They seem to conflict with much of your advice to me. That's what I'm wondering about. But your specs for what you repair have to be reasonable if you want to have customers think you deliver a high quality product (and if you want to actually do so). Two dead pixels near the edge of the screen, okay, most of us think, that's still usable, I'll soon stop noticing. (How many is 'most of us'? Enough that a monitor company can do that, and still be considered to deliver a high quality product). The ghosting OP describes and takes pictures of? I think would probably interfere with the use of most reasonable people. If those are Apple's specs, then Apple is willing to deliver a crappy product; either Apple made a mistake, their test isn't catching what they meant to catch, or Apple thinks it's going to have enough customers that keep buying Apple anyway even after getting a crappy product, I guess. I think you mean a man who says he sent a double to the mexican border to get arrested. > Even if this were all true, why would Vice post the data including his address? Same reason everyone else posts images with EXIF geolocation data from their iphone in them -- they don't think about it, they never knew or forgot that the iPhone added this to photos. On my fairly slow shared cable broadband connection, initial https negotiation typically seems to take around an extra 300ms. I'd say that's non-trivial. Postgres has non-classic-rdbms features suitable for lock/wait sort of behavior for a queue. I haven't experimented with it myself, beyond to note it's there. http://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/static/sql-notify.html In the app i'm working on now, I really want to get the page loading fast-fast-fast. I have all javascript combined into one file, minimized, gzipped, far-future cached. Same with CSS. (Rails does this for me, mostly). javascript file is also marked with 'async' attribute. All images are set up so loading images doesn't block initial page load. 300ms for https round trips remain. shrug. it is unfortunate, but I stick with https anyway. Making sure your web server is doing persistent http connections is about the only thing I know to do to ameliorate somewhat, but first connection is still slower than I'd like, due to https. Hi Eli, neat work! I think the bigger business case for not releasing it would have been unrelated to Android: Apple used to pay us a hell of a lot of money for our map data, and they chose to stop. So now we give their users our stuff for free instead? but clearly they decided in the end there was a bigger business case for doing it. I don't entirely understand how Google plans to make money, and I'm not always sure they understand themselves -- but they're probably right that if they keep being the best at what they do and getting as many people as possible (on any platform) to use it, then they can keep harvesting data from all those users, and find ways to monetize that data (rather than charging for apps). That might indeed make drive/sit-on-the-left better -- but I think it's not where it originated from, the drive-on right/left distinction has existed since the days of horse and carriage, before there were gear shifts or steering wheels! Although apparently the origins DO have to do with keeping your dominant hand free for various tasks! http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/634/why-do-the-brit... thank you, useful link! something may very well be wrong, and it may be outside of my abilities or time to figure out what. :) I am looking into increasing the SSL Session keeping length on my apache, have any opinion about that? It does seem to eliminate the extra 'tax' for SSL in my from-slow-network experiments, for the duration of the session eliminating re-negotiation. that's awesome to hear. Even if you don't officially sanction or provide a port yourself -- just hearing that you're open to tweaking the way you do things a bit to make it easier for _others_ to port to Sass (and keep their ports up to date with bootstrap evolution) -- is super encouraging. I'd actually suggest that as a first step, just talk to the folks maintaining the ports, and ask if there's anything you can tweak on your end to make their jobs easier. This is awesome, thanks for the clarification. I got scared at 'dropping fluid', because it's become been pretty clear to me that the fluid approach in bootstrap was better for most apps, and I was wondering why in fact using the fluid approach wasn't more popular. I got worried that you were making it much more difficult -- but it turns out you agree with me, and instead are making it the out of the box default! woo! yeah, bad editing, but if it weren't fiction, would the author have mis-stated his own name in his first draft? I could see lots of people doing it, only because Rails auto-generates the secret_token.rb file -- it's easy to just not think about it, forget it exists, put your whole source tree in the repo -- remember to keep database passwords and such out, but not ever even think about secret_token.rb, it just ends up in there. Rails does the right thing by putting the secret token in it's own file that's even _called_ secret_token.rb (it could have just jammed it in the middle of config/application.rb or something instead, where it would be even easier to miss and/or not realize it should be kept private). So I don't know it's people who don't 'understand' it -- whether you understand it or not, the file is named "secret_token", if you actually look at a file listing and think about "should this be kept secret?", the answer is obviously yes even if you know nothing. But... there's still a lot going on, and it's something easy to forget about, since you ordinarily _never_ need to think about the secret_token. Huh, i'd say Django is LESS flexible than Rails, as it comes with it's own ideas about end-user UI (Rails does not). Rails doens't have "plug-in apps" in the same way as Django, because Rails doesn't have "apps" at all, apps are what you build with Rails, not part of Rails. (And Rails does sort of support plug-in apps in the form of 'engine gems' -- but there are no conventions for how different engines interact with each other, because Rails doesn't establish conventions for end-user UI, it consistently does not go to as high a level of abstraction as Django. This has plusses and minuses of course). yeah, that might be an improvement, that perhaps should be considered since it's clearly a developer usability problem. But I think it's not unreasonable to have expected it was clear that ./config/initializers/secret_token.rb was a file to initialize a secret token, that included a secret token in it. > You are going to have problems with this whenever you are composing SQL statement with any type of user-provided data as part of the raw SQL string passed to the server. True, but Rails is not doing that, was never doing that, and the patch has nothing to do with this. So you're talking about something unrelated to this security flaw. thanks for this, phusion. I have no idea why THIS vulnerability is getting so much attention. There have actually been OTHER Raisl vulnerabilities in the past 6-8 months which were _more dangerous_, but did not really get attention. The Rails team did NOT help by being very vague about the nature of the problem in their announcement. I imagine they were trying to not reveal the method of exploitation; but it has just led to the current hysteria instead. They would have been better off being taking the extra time to be fully transparent about the nature of the vulnerability -- developers need to know to assess their own risk, as well as to judge the quality of Rails (how stupid was the problem exactly, what does it say about Rails etc?), etc. By being vague about it, Rails core team has just led to everyone assuming the worst, and the current weird hysteria. Yes, it's a vulnerability which COULD be dangerous, and it's hard to tell FOR SURE if your app is vulnerable (perhaps due to code in gem dependencies), the only safe thing to do is update to a patched version. But the chances that your app is vulnerable are pretty small (if you aren't using AuthLogic; if you are, you can update auth_logic and fix it whether or not you update rails). And past recent vulnerabilities which were actually MORE dangerous have not received this level of attention. That's potentially legit (people could argue about whether these rails vulnerabilities represent something to worry about in Rails, or whether even mature robust projects will still have bugs, including security bugs). But the fact remains that THIS vulnerability isn't NEARLY as dangerous as some of those OTHER ones you mention in the last 7 months, but those other ones people mostly ignored, and THIS one they're going crazy thinking they need to fix right away. What I think about the general question? Most (all?) of those Rails SQL injection bugs actually are related to a similar underlying design: Attempt to create methods with 'variable signatures', where you can give it a string OR a hash, or a list of various strings and hashes, and all of those things mean different things. I think all of the Rails SQL injection bugs are actually related to variable arguments like that. When those variable argument methods were designed in Rails, it's probably safe to say nobody realized there were security implications, that it opens you up to a whole class of bugs where someone puts a hash where you expect a string and it change the semantics of the method call because your variable argument interpreting logic had some flaws. In retrospect, it's possibly not a great thing to do. But Rails is not the only offender here, it's a pretty common design pattern in lots of ruby -- I think it's probably a mistaken one, but it is one that developers tend to like the convenience of. > Well, in a sense that's an inherent risk of customizability, a tradeoff you have to make. What? No, it's an inherent risk of customizability that requires violating the companies ToS to achieve. You really are suggesting that the 'inherent risk' of any kind of customizability is about the same, regardless of whether the vendor intends to support it as a feature, or intends to _prohibit you_ from doing it and does everything they can to prevent it? Really? The big challenge with 'scholarly search' is that what users want is to get to fulltext, but most scholarly fulltext is behind paywalls. Google Scholar and MSN Academic both have ways of trying to deal with this. Interestingly, both often get you to a copy from the extensive number of "a professor illegally posted a PDF on the public web even though the publisher holds copyright and wouldn't allow that" copies. Google Scholar also will try to let you register your academic affiliation as a 'preference' and use the academic institution's infrastructure to get you to a post-authenticated licensed copy. scholar.ly... doesn't seem to do this all that well. I'm surprised that dude_abides thinks MSN Academic is 'light years better than Google Scholar', hasn't been my experience. (I happen to work in the field we're talking about, being a software developer for a university library) Yeah? Is there a freely available api for your service, which exposes PDF links among other things? If so, I and many other university library developers would be VERY interested in your service. If you'd like to get university library software engineer attention on your service (and especially if you have a freely avail API, please let us know), I'd suggest you email some info to the code4lib listserv: http://www.lsoft.com/scripts/wl.exe?SL1=CODE4LIB&H=LISTS... Hmm, this may explain why the vulnerability patched in 3.2.10 was more dangerous than it seemed, eh? The 3.2.10 announcement provided an example of `Model.find_by_id(params[:id])` as an exploit, but nobody could figure out how you could get a hash with a _symbol_ key into `params[:id]`, which is what it would take for that to be an exploit. So people were confused. But the pre-3.2.11 exploit, apparently, possibly provides ways to do just that, eh? 3.2.11 not 3.2.10. Which is in fact why it's probably wiser to list `gem 'rails', '~> 3.2.10'` (or 3.2.0 or anything) instead, and then `bundle update rials` will update you to latest 3.2.x (but never 3.3.x), in this case 3.2.11, instead of only to the exact version you specified (3.2.10, incorrectly). And of course, the truth of what you are saying is now evident with the vulnerabilty that 3.2.11 fixes. What I still think this shows is that trying to keep information on the nature of the vulnerability to yourself is not a great idea. People who figured "Well, there's no way for params[:id] to be a hash with a symbol key" (such as myself) were wrong about the severity of the vulnerability. It would have increased everyone's security to admit "Oh yeah, there might be a way to make params[:id] be a hash with symbol key even though you don't think so, yes you should worry about it." Why not do that? Becuase you're worried you're giving someone exploitation hints, probably. But anyone that wanted to exploit had all the hints they need anyway -- as evidenced by the half dozen people credited with reporting the new vulnerability, all of whom got the hint from the 3.2.10 announcement anyway. Okay, how do you do what he's saying _without_ being the guy who bitches about everything and is all up in everyone's business thinking he knows better than everyone how to do their jobs? You know, when I look at what it is and what it does... I'm not sure I believe that's what it's 'intended' for, although that certainly is what they say it's intended for. But anyway, in the end, it doesn't matter, it exists. Authorial intent is so 20th century. Hmm, I'm not sure you could say it has "the same vulnerability". It has the same vulnerability if you pass untrusted input to it, okay. But the point of the Rails vulnerabilty is that every Rails app, by default, was set up to accept external user input and run it through an XML parser. Even if you didn't realize it. If you are using MultiXml, you may or may not be passing untrusted user input to it, depends on what you did with it. Right? Wikipedia says: > The Metasploit Project is also well known for anti-forensic and evasion tools, some of which are built into the Metasploit Framework. If so, how are such functions valuable for a pentest/audit? Um, in exactly the same way that tourists prefering their interests to be prioritized is also 'egoism', right? Or property owners preferring their incomes to be maximized, just like renters preferring their rents to be minimized. So? therubyracer thing was annoying, but there's no reason it had to delay your upgrades -- you could simply lock to the same version of therubyracer you were using previously without problems, it was just as compatible with the new version of rails. The fact remains though, that this exploit was _so_ severe, that, depending on how attractive a target you were and how disastrous it would be for you to be compromised (financial services? High on both scales) -- it would have been a better choice to _take your app down_ until you can fix it, rather than leave it up with the vulnerability. The vulnerability was "an attacker can run whatever code they want on your server, and they can discover that you are vulnerable by cheap automated port scan." It's as bad as it gets. JStor is not a publisher, so they don't have the same relationship to authors that IEEE does, it's not possible for them to do what you're talking about. All JStor does is get scholarly output from those who do hold the copyright or publishing rights (for which they pay these rightsholders), aggregate it on their own platform (which has a much better UI than most of their for-profit competiters), and then resell access to others. Their prices are largely determined by those set by the actual rights holders they have to pay for the content. Whether or not JStor is doing enough to increase public access to scholarly content (I think nobody in the industry really is), they are doing _more_ than most of their peers in the industry, and are _far_ from the worst, the most greedy, or the most venal in the industry. I'm not saying don't pirate JStor content, pirate whatever scholarly content you want as far as I'm concerned, no skin off my back. But if you're looking for a target as the worst or the most evil or the most responsible for inequity in and high cost of access to scholarly output, you're looking in the wrong place if you're looking at JStor -- I'd look at the publishers (not aggregators) and for-profit ones rather than non-profit ones. Google "most profitable scholarly publishers" and see what companies you are led to by following links (it won't be JStor). > 1. Beginners need a curated stack by someone they trust. "Here, this is the stack to learn from; stop wasting time evaluating and get started." That's supposed to be what Rails itself IS, right? Isn't that the point of it being "opinionated", it's supposed to BE the curated stack from someone you trust. If it's failing, that's a problem. It certainly is frustrating when you're trying to get the actual Rails stack to work and can't figure out why it seems so hard and someone tells you "Oh yeah, despite the Rails documentation telling you to do it that way, nobody actually does it that way." That says to me that understanding bundler is REALLY important. If someone understood how bundler worked, there is NO reason therubyracer, twitter-bootstrap-rails, libv8, or any other gem should get in the way of upgrading (say for example) from Rails 3.2.5 to 3.2.11. `bundle update rails`, then check in your new Gemfile.lock That should change nothing but Rails and rails' own upstream dependencies (not any of the ones you mention). And indeed it did that for me on a bunch of apps. If you're going up a minor or major Rails version, then your other gems (like say twitter-bootstrap-rails, hypothetically) might not be compatible with the new rails version, and you might have some dependency hell. But to apply a security release, when you are on a maintained minor release (3.0, 3.1 or 3.2)? If you understand how bundler works, you are HIGHLY unlikely to have any troubles. He doesn't really mean 'open source'. He means "user contributed content". Which is an entirely different thing. You could run wikipedia on closed-source/proprietary software if you wanted to. > name = details[:info] && details[:info][:name] If you have ActiveSupport, then: > name = details[:info].try {|hash| hash[:name]} Well, it's documented in the sense that the free web dyno is documented to spin down sometimes; if you pay $35/month for the extra web dyno, it ought not to. This seems like a reasonable pricing model to me. And it seems reasonable to me that they don't document _exactly_ in what circumstances the free dyno might spin down on idle. Free is free. If on the other hand even with the paid extra web dyno you were still getting ~10 second spin up times after idle, that would be something I'd get annoyed at too. If you're willing to pay over $100/month on services you may or may not need just for the learning experience -- perhaps scale some of those back, and instead pay $35/month for the web dyno you do actually need to avoid the idle spin up time. I do think it's true that heroku can end up being a lot more expensive than you initially expect for what you need, the extras can add up quick. This certainly can be frustrating. Even when you really are paying only for what you need, things can get expensive for a non-tiny app. But if you want to minimize your costs, you definitely want to avoid paying for add-ons you don't need. I do agree that heroku, while not cheap, is a value for what you get. But I wonder if that comparison "I think Heroku is a perfectly fine option until you reach the point where you could hire a full time dev ops" is actually one anyone makes in reality. A full time ops person is going to cost way more than $100 a month, quite a bit more than several thousand a month in fact. Are there really people who would go with heroku until they're paying $5 or $6k a month or more, and somewhere around there (that's a lot of heroku), say "Gee, _now_ we're paying enough (barely) to hire a fulltime person to manage the servers ourselves, let's switch everything to that." Huh, several different scenarios where it was obviously useful immediately occured to me. I suspect that for many people, it is immediately clear! (I don't typically run postgres locally, but work on open source software, both projects of my own as well as projects of other peoples I contribute to -- which need to support postgres for others. This has been a pain in the past for me. Your service is quite exactly what I need -- to be able to run automated test suites against postgres without needing a local install of postgres.) > Unless you're an assembly line worker You've never worked on an assembly line or talked to anyone who has, have you? Assembly line workers come up with ideas for improved efficiencies on the line all the time. They aren't generally welcome to share them, however; it's usually better for their job security to keep them to themsleves in fact. In that respect, much like many office jobs. Nothing new about that, you didn't need github's improved search to do it. https://www.google.com/search?q=site%3Agithub.com+inurl%3A.s... any hackernews users review of namecheap as registrar, DNS, and/or email hosting? This isn't new, presumably anyone who cared to exploit it would have already thought of: https://www.google.com/search?q=site%3Agithub.com+inurl%3A.s... Same thing, right? 86000 is certainly a _rough_ estimate of, um, 17. This is neat. But. If this took off, and was actually being used by people... ...and the authorities, or any other attacker, wanted to disrupt the system -- they could just put all sorts of devices in the area distributing an incredibly high volume of spammy messages. As you circulated and downloaded messages from other nearby devices over bluetooth -- the legit messages from good actors would be overwhelmed by the spam messages, taking up all your storage space and making it hard to notice the legit messages. I was thinking about this, but then read this thread, and it occurs to me there may be some solution involving crypto, whitelisting certain signatures as 'known good actors', or even a web of trust thing. But yeah, that also could compromize the desired anonymity. And it's also probably true not to bother designing for a hypothetical problem/attack, the actual problem/attack will be subtly different. Still, I see a lot of these systems that are _really neat_ tricks, but seem to me like they would break down if they actually became popular, they work only as neat tricks. But yeah, I also really like the idea of private person-to-person (or person-to-known-group) encrypted messages -- they could even be distributed over participating third parties devices right? Author walks by person X, who's device picks it up but can't actually read it, and later hands it off to person Y, one of the intended recipients, who can read it. I'm not sure if that would end up actually being useful or not, but it would be NEAT. > Would it ever be possible to have a self-updating framework? The problem is, with Rails, you'd never know when the self-updater would update you to a release that broke backwards compat and broke your app. Hmm, I'm curious of the story behind this vulnerabilty NOT existing in 3.1 and 3.2. How the heck did it get fixed in 3.1 and 3.2, but still exist in 3.0 and 2.3? It was accidentally fixed in 3.1? It was on purpose fixed in 3.1, but it didn't occur to the fixer to backport to 3.0 and 2.3? Eh? I'm curious what language you have used coroutines in where it works out that way. In my experience of using fibers in ruby (which I _think_ are substantially/exactly the same as coroutines?), it hasn't been like you describe at all -- promises, or something other higher level abstraction, are still pretty neccesary to do useful and comprehensible things with them. So my experience colors my understanding and I think "What's he talking about, that doesn't make any sense." More likely, you have experience in a language where things are done differently enough that it all comes out different. What language? No, you miss the point. The idea is that if, say, Rails were signed, someone wiht an exploit couldn't attack rubygems to _modify rails_ without it being discovered, because they wouldn't be able to sign their modified rails. The point of signing gems is not that any signed gem is neccesarily trustworthy. It's that any signed gem is neccesarily what the signature owner distributed, and has not been modified by someone else since. But to make that so requires a bunch of things, it's not quite as simple as 'everyone just has to sign their gems'. But that's the idea. seo Huh? You only need an FCC license for radio and other over-the-air, not for running fiber. I know people who have started local ISP's in the US (10+ years ago, not recently, because it's hard to get into the market now for business reasons) -- they needed no FCC license. Although, yes, by renting fiber from the teleco's not by running their own. But that's a capital issue, and a right-to-run-fiber-through-the-public-way issue (permission from muncipality, as you note), not an FCC issue. I'm not sure what you're referring to. The amazing thing is actually that the judge actually understands what a programming language is: > Even when a language is created from scratch, however, what it amounts to is a system of rules for the generation and recognition of meaningful statements. Yep. A good textbook definition, even. > Someone implemented a YAML parser that executed code. This should have been obviously wrong to them, but it wasn't. Someone implemented a YAML parser that could serialize and de-serialize arbitrary objects referenced by class name. It was not obvious that this meant it 'executed code', let alone that this meant it could execute _arbitrary_ code, so long as there was a predictable class in the load path with certain characteristics, which there was in Rails. In retrospect it is obvious, but I think you over-estimate the obviousness without hindsight. It's always easy to say everyone should have known what nobody actually did but which everyone now does. As others have pointed out, an almost identical problem existed in Spring too (de-serializing arbitrary objects leads to arbitrary code execution). It wasn't obvious to them either. Maybe it _should_ have been obvious _after_ that happened -- but that vulnerability didn't get much publicity. Now that the YAML one has, maybe it hopefully WILL be obvious next time! Anyhow, that lack of obviousness applies to at least your first two points if not first three. It was not in fact obvious to most people that you could execute (arbitrary) code with YAML. If it was obvious to you, I wish you had spent more time trying to 'paul revere' it. > The issue was reported to RubyGems multiple times and they did nothing. Now, THAT part, yeah, that's a problem. I think 'multiple times' is 'two' (yeah, that is technically 'multiple'), and only over a week -- but that still indicates irresponsibility on rubygems.org maintainers part. A piece of infrastructure that, if compromised, can lead to compromise to almost all or rubydom -- that is scary, that needs a lot more responsibilty than it got. We're lucky the exploit was in fact publisizied rather than kept secret and exploited to inject an attack into the code of any ruby gem an attacker wanted -- except of course, we can't know for sure if it was or not. > Which is why deserializing into executable code is a bad idea, by nature. I'd thought this was well established by now, but apparently it is not I'm not sure that means anything. In an OO language, you are always de-serializing into objects, and objects are always 'executable code'. Hashes and Arrays are executable code too, right? The problem is actually when you allow de-serializing into _arbitrary_ objects of arbitrary classes, and some of those objects have dangerous side effects _just by being instantiated_, and/or have functionality that can turn into arbitrary code execution vector. (Hopefully Hash's and Array's don't). It is a problem, and it's probably fair to say that you should never have a de-serialization format that takes untrusted input and de-serializes to anyting but a small whitelisted set of classes/types. And that many have violated this, and not just in ruby. But if you can't even describe the problem/guidance clearly yourself, I think that rather belies your insistence that it's an obvious thing known by the standard competent programmer. (I am not ashamed to admit it was not obvious to me before these exploits. I think it was not obvious to a bunch of people who are in retrospect _claiming_ it was obvious to.). Because it was not obvious that "allowing de-serialization to objects of arbitrary classes specified in the serialized representation" was the same thing as "treating input as code to execute" And then, as someone else said, becuase of layering. The next downstream user using YAML might not have even realized that YAML had this feature, on top of not realizing the danger of this feature. And then someone else downstream of THAT library, etc. Maybe it _should_ have been obvious, but it wasn't, as evidenced, as you say, by all the people who have done it before. After the FIRST time it was discovered, it should have been obvious, why did it happen even a second? In part, becuase for whatever reason, none of those exploits got the (negative) publicity that the rails/yaml one is getting. Hopefully it (the dangers of serialization formats allowing arbitrary class/type de-serialization) WILL become obvious to competent developers NOW, but it was not before. 20 years ago, you could write code thinking that giving untrusted user input to it was a _special case_. "Well, I guess, now that you mention it, if you give untrusted input that may have been constructed by an attacker to this function it would be dangerous, but why/how would anyone do that?" Things have changed. There's a lot more code where you should be assuming that passing untrusted input to it will be done, unless you specifically and loudly document not to. But we're still using a lot of code written under the assumptions of 20 years ago -- assumptions that were not neccesarily wrong cost/benefit analyses 20 years ago. And yeah, some people are still WRITING code under the security assumptions of 20 years ago too, oops. At the same time, we have a LOT MORE code _sharing_ than we had 20 years ago. (internet open source has changed the way software is written, drastically) And ruby community is especially 'advanced' at code sharing, using each other's code as dependencies in a complex multi-generation dependency graph. That greatly increases the danger of unexpected interactions of features creating security exploits that would not have been predicted by looking at any part in isolation. But we couldn't accomplish what we have all accomplished without using other people's open source code as more-or-less black box building blocks for our own, we can't do a full security audit of all of our dependencies (and our dependencies' dependencies etc). Absolutely, it would be really difficult for a small company to somehow become an actual fiber-owning ISP (as opposed to renting fiber from a giant company). But it's got nothing to do with any "FCC licenses", as the post I was replying to said, there aren't any involved. (Slightly more feasible practically, although still capital-intensive, would be starting your own over-the-air ISP with blanket wifi or point-to-point microwaves or whatever, I don't know the tech details, but THEN you've possibly got FCC licenses involved!) So your conclusion is that dynamically interpreted languages are all insecure? (You can instantiate objects with classes specified by data in Java too, although Java isn't usually considered exactly dynamicaly interpreted. In fact, there was a very analagous bug in Spring, as mentioned in many places in this comment thread. But anyway, okay, sufficiently dynamically interpreted to allow instantiation of objects with classes chosen at runtime... is the root of the problem, you're suggesting, if everyone just used C++ it would be fine?) The YAML vulnerability was not from any 'eval' in the YAML library itself, you realize, right? It was from allowing de-serialization to arbitrary classes, when it turned out that some classes had dangerous side-effects merely from instantiation -- including in some cases, 'eval' behavior, yes, but the eval behavior wasn't in YAML, it was in other classes, where it could be triggered by instantiation. To use your language, I don't think it's 'intellectual honest' to call allowing de-serialization to data-specified classes "a YAML parser that executed code"--that's being misleading -- or to say that a 'trained monkey should have known it was a bad idea' (allowing de-serialization to arbitrary data-specified classes). There have been multiple vulnerabilities _just like this_ in other environments, including several in Java (and in major popular Java packages). You could say with all that prior art it ought to have been obvious, but of course you could say that for each of the multiple prior vulnerabilities too. Of course, each time there's even more prior art, and for whatever reason this one finally got enough publicity that maybe this kind of vulnerablity will be common knowledge now. Please keep talking about limitations in your marketting, even as the product gets more mature and has fewer and/or different ones. (There's _always_ limitations). Learn from the mongodb backlash. > In this era of mass incarceration, the police shouldn’t be trusted any more than any other witness, perhaps less so. At least in Maryland where I live, whether you trust the police less (or more) so than other witnesses is one of the half dozen standard things they ask you in voir dire, and saying yes will exclude you from serving on a jury. > I don't think anyone will be confused because suddenly YAML.load doesn't execute arbitrary code. An example of where people would be confused because YAML.load doesn't _instantiate arbitrary objects_ (which is what it really does, which results in ability to 'execute arbitrary code' as a poorly thought through side effect) -- is people using ActiveRecord::Base.serialize . Which would become broken if you were serializing any objects that weren't string, hash, integer, array. While we've realized that allowing de-serialization of arbitrary objects ends up being incredibly likely to result in 'allowing execution of arbitrary code' -- referring to the problem simply as the latter confuses about the nature of the problem and the efficacy of various fixes. Meh, I kind of think both lessons are valid. Writing code that requires 'eval' to do it's thing has given most of us a dirty feeling since way back in 1990s perl days. It was generally considered a 'code smell'. I find it odd that several places in Rails use instance_eval(string) or equivalent, especially places that generally _could_ get by, with identical apis, but implementations that use other sorts of dynamic method-defining behavior, not eval(string). It is odd, and I think probably a bad decision. But yes, the lesson of this stuff is certainly that allowing untrusted input to be de-serialized into arbitrary objects is always unacceptable, because you can't _count_ on there being no class in your load path that refrains from using eval in a way dangerous with that combo, as well as DoS issues as you note, etc. Yes, this is true, no matter what. But at the same time... I think using eval(string) probably is _almost_ always a bad idea too, it's just asking for trouble. (never say never, but you better really have no other option). > I wonder what it will be like in a decade or so looking back on the lovely period where only the US Government had lethal drones, and operated them with relative restraint. You are exactly right. Except of course that the current 'relative restraint' is in the eye of the beholder, and it probably doesn't seem like 'relative restraint' to those living in certain areas of Pakistan. But yeah, soon enough that'll be all of us. We're in for a world of horror. If we were wise, we'd be establishing the idea that military drones are to be prohibited by international treaty and considered a war crime, not normalizing them. So... GIL? landmines are useful for combat too. Oh yeah, the US refuses to sign that one too, right? If it wasn't useful for combat, nobody would use it, right? You only need international law to try and prevent things that _are_ useful in military objectives, but are so dangerous to humanity that we wish to prevent their use. It is confusing. Because of course rack is used by more than just rails, the rack team's responsibility isn't reallyto say "If you're using Rails with it's default signature verification, you're not vulnerable" -- they don't even have the background to be sure that's true (even rails team might not, security is hard). The announcement also implies that the timing vulnerability _might_ only be exposed to people on the same local network who have sufficient timing granularity -- BUT that this applies to anything in the cloud, since people on the same cloud are essentially in same local network. So if you're not in the cloud... On the other hand, I've [fucked up before]( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5003132 ) _thinking_ I understood the vulnerability and that it was unlikely to effect me, when in fact I was operating without full information and misunderstanding the true extent of the vulnerability. So now I figure, if the maintainers say "Todays releases are important. All users should upgrade ASAP!", I better just act as if they are right. Even though sometimes they won't be and are being over alarmist, I'm not qualified to know when. I think he means ruby. I'd agree that, in the ruby community in general, or at least the English-speaking ruby community, general cultural values seem to be "dev early, release early, security hole early". Valuing innovation and release-often over stability/reliability. There are certainly some projects/developers that go against this cultural norm, but we are certainly not the first to recognize it as a general cultural norm in rubydom (and it's got benefits as well as disadvantages). Those on the IEEE board get paid? That surprises me, although I could believe it -- do you have a cite? > how can I practically make my journal open access? There is a need for technology to assist in setting up open access journals. I would like some further clarification of why you believe this is true. The tech to make a journal open access is no harder than the tech to have an online journal with a paywall. Is the issue just that if you go with an existing commercial paywalled publisher, they supply you with tech staff to do it for you, but if you aren't bringing in any income you have to figure out how/who is going to do the tech yourself? That seems potentially legit, but it's not purely a tech issue. There are plenty of open access journals publishing using open source tech -- from tech like OJS (designed for that purpose), to WordPress, to static HTML. I don't think any of the tech solutions produce _great_ UIs -- but then again neither do any of the paywalled UIs, the bar is pretty low, unfortunately. I don't think lack of existence of software is really a barrier. "Who is going to set up and maintain this software if we don't have money to pay them, and our editors aren't techies" is probably a much bigger barrier. But what would be needed to solve that isn't just 'we need technology' -- it would be -- and geez, I can't believe I'm just thinking of this for the first time spurred by your comment (thanks!), a hosted 'software as service' solution, grant-funded, that provides centralized free (or very cheap) hosting to open access journals. Might be a business opportunity there, in fact. > [nytimes paywall measures] These techniques are wide and varied. They appear to look at your IP, use cookies, use HTTP_Referer, use URL querystrings. "Appear" what now how? Nope, it's just cookies. Very easy to defeat for anyone who cares on the desktop -- somewhat harder on apple walled garden mobile. But apparently good enough for their revenue, so. > It doesn't matter if you think one dyno per request is "bullshit" or not, Rails isn't multithreaded Sure it is. You just have to set `config.threadsafe!`, which right now is slated to be on by default in rails4. But then you need a server stack that supports multi-threaded requests, such as puma which the parent comment mentioned using. And then if you're using MRI, your multiple threads in a process still can't use more than one cpu at a time -- but this _probably_ doesn't matter in the scenario we're talking about, because a single heroku dyno isn't going to have access to more than one cpu at a time anyway, right? How this all shakes out is indeed confusing. I am _not_ saying "If you just use puma and config.threadsafe!" all is well with their scheduler. I do not know one way or the other, it is hella confusing. But it is incorrect to say "Rails isn't multithreaded, so what do you propose they do" > they would still have significant issues even if they switched to cedar and unicorn with 2-4 worker processes. Yeah, but how about config.threadsafe! with puma or thin in multi-thread mode? It is odd to me that very little of this conversation on the nets recognizes that Rails _does_ support multi-threaded concurrent request handler, with the right app server stack (figuring out the right app server stack can be non-trivial, although it's getting better). You don't actually tell us why you retired from Apple beyond "The truth is I was done." Or did I miss it? I mean, that might be the only reason you've got... but I'm not sure why this would be interesting to an audience of people who don't know you personally. On the other hand, it seems to have been, so what do I know. It is a misconception that JQuery no longer supports IE7. > First of all, let’s be very clear: The jQuery team does “worry about” IE 6/7/8, with jQuery 1.9. We’ve created a legacy-free jQuery 2.0 in order to address the many situations where older versions of IE aren’t needed. Some glorious day in the future, jQuery 2.0 will be the only version you’ll need; until then we’ll continue to maintain jQuery 1.9. http://blog.jquery.com/2013/01/14/the-state-of-jquery-2013/ > Our biggest error with this was not making one person ultimately responsible for the physical design. Choices need to be made and not everyone’s ideas can be reconciled with each other and the constraints of reality. For a holistic design, eventually someone has to reconcile reality with what everyone wants or you end up with a bunch of individually well thought out pieces that don’t fit together (as well as a bit of frustration.) That doesn't just apply to server room design. It applies to just about ANY design. Including software. awesome quote, thanks so much. I expected the 'drone nightmare scenario' would be when they kill us, not just look at us. You know, like folks in parts of Pakistan are already living. “I would say that refers more to the valuation of the company. It wasn't as though there were 1,000 cancellations just due to The New York Times article. There were probably a few hundred." Huh, he's talking about HIS OWN QUOTE about "hundreds of millions lost", he has to GUESS what he himself meant? He doesn't know _exactly_ what he meant when he said they were "affected" "to the tune of tens of millions, to the order of $100 million." He has to hazard a guess "I would say that refers mostly" about his own quote? I guess he did say "probably" in the first place. Yes, he's just making shit up. The more he goes, the less trustworthy he seems. I'm not sure what you mean by 'forking the entire codebase'. Even if Rails3, though, Rails supported multi-threaded request dispatching IF you had an app server stack that supported it. In Rails3, you just had to explicitly turn it on with `config.threadsafe!`. Rails4 makes that the default, always on. That's really the only difference. There are at least a few concurrency-related bugs that have been fixed in Rails4 (I'm actually not sure how many), but even Rails3 was officially documented to do multi-threaded concurrent request dispatch just fine. (Actually even Rails 2.2 was!) Finding a mature, reliable, well-documented app server stack that supports multi-threaded concurrent request dispatch may be harder. I can not say which do and which don't, but there are at least some potential options (including puma, which, if I understand it right, has multi-threaded concurrent request handling as part of it's original core use case). I AM hoping that Rails4's "multi-threaded request dispatch on by default" situation will make the community pay more attention to this use case, result in more app servers supporting it first-class robustly, and any remaining bugs around concurrency being found and fixed. While Rails3 was documented to support this anyway (since Rails 2.2!), it has been mostly ignored by the community, for some reason. (Sadly, while Passenger Enterprise 4 will support multi-threaded concurrent request dispatch, the Passenger folks are intentionally reserving this feature for Enterprise, the free one won't) ONLY if it's important to you that one process be able to run multiple threads on multiple CPU cores concurrently. Even without this, there are MANY use cases where multi-threaded concurrent request dispatch makes a LOT of sense. For instance, the recent controversy about heroku routing, right? With MRI or another interpreter with the GIL, you'd want to run one app process per CPU core -- but having each of those processes also do multi-threaded request handling can still even out latency (that is, avoid those awful ~95th+ percentile latencies in the heroku routing debacle), and increase overall throughput. Especially if your app, like most but not all web apps, is more I/O bound than CPU bound (waiting on DB, disk, or external APIs). While I have tended to be suspicious of Client-side MVC on the grounds they talk about... ...I'm curious why they are recommending Rails 2.3 and RJS, which are pretty much deprecated technologies. Rails 2.3 will stop getting even security patches when Rails 4.0 is final (first Rails 4.0 beta was released today). RJS has been discouraged in Rails for a while, and I believe is now a 'third party' gem in current versions of Rails. I had to double-check the timestamp in the URL to make sure this wasn't somehow an ancient post resurrected. Awesome, thanks so much for writing that guide. JS in Rails had gotten confusing lately, with changes being made over time to supported options and 'golden paths', but insufficient docs on what Rails expected/recommended. Thanks for working to rectify that! All the info I can find says that Rails team will stop releasing even security patches for Rails 2.3 as of Rails 4 release. Do you have different info, am I wrong? I guess it's semantics on what "deprecated" means, but I'd be personally nervous using a product that is not even having security patches released by any maintainers. It is not at all node.js-style concurrency. It is probably about the same as buying more dynos -- I would think that unicorn set to fork three times is actually about the same as three dynos with thin in standard configuration -- as you say, either way it's three processes, each of which can only handle one request at a time. It is _probably_ not a solution to the bad worst-end latencies that can occur when you have random (or round-robin) routing, and relatively high variation in request durations. Using a multi-threaded request dispatch (NOT what unicorn does, but what they start hinting at towards the end) _may_ be a solution to that though. Although multi-threaded concurrency is STILL not "at all the same kind of node.js-style concurrency", as node.js is evented, not multi-threaded. But multi-threaded concurrency seems likely to make sense with random or round robin routing too. Although more research and data is called for (at least more than I have, which is zero). But there's no reason to assume that node.js-style evented concurrency is the only thing that can possibly make sense with random routing. And if it is, that's very inconvenient. Trying to do node.js-style evented concurrency with a Rails app... or any app that wasn't built from the ground-up (including all it's dependencies) for evented-style concurrency... or even if it WAS... it's non-trivial. In contrast, multi-threaded request dispatch requires not a lot of change to your code -- basically just avoiding shared in-memory state between requests (basically, global/class variable access). In addition to puma, thin in fact does have a multi-threaded mode, although it's poorly documented. I think they are actually passing the buck suggesting "We can't tell you which way to do multi-threaded request handling, it depends on your app!" Well, sure, it always depends on your app, but that applies to their suggestions to use unicorn as well, but that didn't stop them. There are still often general best practices for typical web apps. I think it's true that they can't tell us the right way to do multi-threaded request handling -- because it requires more research and analysis and experimentation (and possibly a patch or two) to figure out the best practices here, the community hasn't put enough into it yet. But if anyone's got the resources to put into it, it's heroku, and it would be rather good for their business to figure this out and educate the community. Heroku became so respected because they seemed to really know what they were doing, to be at the top of the game -- if they can't manage to figure this out either, it lowers our trust in them. Maybe you don't rationally need someone to talk to when someone is fixing a problem for you -- but I think you need to know that the vendor is _aware_ of the problem, and is working on fixing it. Or you start freaking out. And I don't think that's entirely irrational. This is, among other things, why the 'post mortem' has become somewhat popular -- because it allows us to judge "Yeah, those guys DO know what they're doing, they're on top of things, the chances of outages are getting constantly smaller, not larger." Has Google ever published such a "post-mortem" after an outage? Has Google ever even admitted there was an outage publically? But also, yeah, rational or not, people like to have someone to talk to. In customer service in general, there are many studies showing that customers satisfaction will be higher when they are treated 'nicely' _without a solution_ than when they are treated brusquely but their problem is solved. This is not actually rational, and I'm not saying I'd like vendors to strive towards that model -- but it is apparently human psychology that vendors may want to take account of. On the other hand, Google seems to be doing pretty fine how it is going. Although I don't know how GAE is doing, really, compared to competitors. How Google does it, though, is basically no support at all, right? It's beyond 'good support' or 'bad support' -- with the possible exception of AdWords, is there any Google product where you can ever talk to a human about any support issue at all? For email that might be fine, especially when the email product is pretty darn reliable. For enterprise critical software... it would sure make me nervous. I liked the sentence in original post, "Maybe it was because we had something in common: we both wanted a sandwich. Except that I was actually going to get one. I can have as many sandwiches from Subway as I want." Sometimes what I've got in common with a homeless panhandler is that we both want a beer. I use some portion of MY money for drugs (including beer), I don't see why it should bother me if a homeless person does too. Whether or not they're going to use it on beer, I know they're a lot less comfortable than me either way, and I'm not hardly going to miss the 50 cents or $1 I contribute. What does it mean for a panhandler to be a 'scammer'? They're not really homeless at all, they actually live in a mansion in Beverly Hills with a two car garage, and manage to pay for it all by asking for change on the street all day pretending to be homeless? Never, ever, ever, talk to the prosecutors. Learn from this story, and just don't talk to them. The dangerous part of this story is that she reports her grand jury experience as a success, suggesting that you _can- talk to the state and 'win'. Maybe it was as successful as she thinks, maybe it wasn't. And we can't say that you can _never_ be succesful talking to the prosecutors; never say never. But what we can say is that they are _experts_ at 'winning' in those confrontations, they've trained for it and practice it every day, no matter how smart you are you're _probably_ going to end up hurting yourselves or your friends and loved ones by talking to the prosecutors. Stick with the conclusion from the first part, never, ever, talk to the prosecutors. > I don't think it's a copyright issue, but between the colors The only thing you can file a DMCA takedown notice for is a copyright issue. That's it. By filing a DMCA takedown notice you are asserting there is a 'copyright issue'. 1) She ended up deciding those lawyers were crap, right? 2) Her lawyers didn't care at all about protecting Aaron, they cared about protecting her -- because that's 'officially' what lawyers are supposed to do, throw everybody but their client under the bus. (If you WANT to do this too, and you're being offered immunity, well, that's different). 3) Non-political laywers will often not have good advice in political cases, in part but not entirely because of #2 above. And probably related to her deciding #1 above in the end. YES, being involved in things you don't understand, being threatened by peopel with power, etc., YES, that is enough to convince most normal people to speak. I am NOT blaming those who are duped into speaking, again, the cops are EXPERTS at duping you. Which is why I'm saying, when you hear about this happening to someone else, the more people that learn from it the better: don't talk to the cops. Now, if you actually _want_ to accept an immunity deal to 'snitch' on someone else (say, because you think they ought to go to jail), then okay. But, other than that, if you think you can actually make things better for you or someone else by talking to the police -- well, like I said, we can't say in 100% of cases that won't work, never say never: We can say that you are unqualified to have any idea if it will work or not, and that usually it won't. Don't talk to the cops. Check the video posted by another commenter. The whole thing is worth watching. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wXkI4t7nuc So, this is not a service that sends email... but I sometimes use a Google Doc survey in that circumstance. There might be a way to get google doc to email you with the response every time someone submits one? I think you mean Delerium Tremens. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delirium_tremens Not true. The part where he contacts Tim O'Reilly directly, he names the name of "the publisher who replaced him", and said they lacked "integrity and good business sense". yep, or even MRI with threads. EventMachine requires fundamental changes to your code. threads do not. And even with MRI, you are, I am going to predict, see _significant_ performance improvement using an app server that can dispatch multi-threaded (say, puma) with config.threadsafe!. I am confused why threads aren't getting more attention on this topic. I'm surprised that OP is so surprised. I'd suspect that the vast majority of users never click on the top nav bar, have tuned it out completely ("banner blindness"), and will not even notice it's absence. The banner bar also can get confusing when it has a menu item duplicating an 'inner' menu item but working somewhat different. I've at times had _two_ 'settings sprockets' icons on my page, one on the top navbar and one somewhere else, and leading to different pages. Also compare doing a google search and then clicking 'News' on the banner bar, vs clicking 'News' from the 'More' options in the menu below the searchbox (this second 'News' used to be avail without drilling down into 'More', which was either more or less confusing depending on which 'News' option you "really" wanted). I suspect google, like many of us, is either designing 'mobile first', or at least prioritizing mobile highly enough that they will never design a fundamental interaction that requires 'hover' to work. So, for iOS, the app store and apple's possibly arbitrary gatekeeping is the only way to get an app to your users. For OSX desktop... what are the benefits software publishers get, just marketting/visibility, basically? Ironically, doing evented/fiber code right is probably harder than doing threads right, for this kind of stuff. I'm a bit astounded that heroku, in their attempt to deal with, um, let's call it "routing-gate", aren't talking about talking about multi-threaded dispatch and config.threadsafe!, but only unicorn with 2-4 forked processes. When it seems awfully likely that multi-threaded dispatch is going to scale a lot more efficiently with regard to number of overlapping requests. I think some of it is the lack of mature, robust, 'self-managing' app server solutions. For MRI (with the GIL), what's likely needed is something that can fork multiple processes (to use all cores), with each of those processes dispatching multi-threaded (to deal with I/O blocking as well as even-ing out latency when not all requests finish in identical time). So far as I know, Passenger 4 Enterprise is the only thing that can do this for you, without you having to manually set it all up. Flot does with an JS backfill for canvas for IE. Probably some of the others do too with the same. The aspects of their lax security that are an intentional 'feature' presumably aren't the "vulnerabilities" they want to redact, because there's nothing secret or unknown about that intentional lax security. Which makes me very curious about what the vulnerabilities they want to redact ARE. Unless they are just being totally ridiculous and insisting on redacting things everyone already knows and were never secrets in the first place, like that any device can get on their network. I'm trying to figure out how likely my apps are to be effected by this same bug/behavior change as Github's, and if I should delay installing the security update without more investigation. Not a great situation to be in with a security update. Okay, some of these problems are (unintended) direct side effects of the security fix bugs. Like I the one about scopes that effected Github -- github quoted [this commit]( https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/f980289fd2c1b9073a94b5... ) as introducing the bug, which is the commit meant to address CVE-2013-1854. So, okay, bugs happen, even with security fixes, I can forgive bugs. But others of those performance regressions... " handing that task to Sprockets instead of resolving internally, which seems to be the cause of the performance issues." This doesn't sound like the unanticipated side effect of a security fix. This _sounds_ like an independent change they threw into the same patch release with four (four!) security patches. Why is Rails putting security fixes and other non-security-related enhancements together in the same patch, so you can't get the security fixes without also getting the possibly buggy new features/refactors? Does Rails actually do this by policy? Was it a mistake? Bugs happen, including bugs in security fixes, sure. But it's BECAUSE bugs will happen that you don't throw unrelated new features or refactors into the same patch release as a security patch, so the only way to get the security patch is to risk MORE problems from the other stuff too! Come on! it's in fact precisely becuase Google got such a reputation for technical excellence and 'doing the right thing' that people feel so betrayed when google's products suck, or they act in their own business interest and against their users interests. Fewer people would bother posting a blog about a Microsoft product that sucked (or used to be good and now sucked), or a Microsoft decision that was bad for users but good for MS. Or if they did, nobody would pay attention. But, yeah, agree with you, I'm kind of glad that it's obvious that Google is quite capable of having crappy products or 'doing evil' -- in part it's smug satisfaction, in part it's because it makes them _less dangerous_ if people catch on to the dangers of their near monopolies. Hmm, at the moment on http://cascade.io/ , their company logo IS at the top (as well as bigger below the fold), it's just on the right instead of left, and not linked. Which seems perfectly reasonable.... but it contradicts with the OP says, it's not actually only below the fold. What am I missing? I'm not sure why y'all are so interested in talking about the first ammendment with regard to the OP... what's it got to do with the first ammendment? A lot more about the fourth ammendment -- unreasonable searches and seizures, the right to be "secure in your papers and effects" -- the one that says they need a warrant and ordinarily need to let you know the warrant was served). Don't it? So... you didn't then say "Okay, so why did you want me to sign a new one again?" agree with everything except... unix time, really? Unix time has all sorts of weird potential problems, including year 2038, historical inconsistent handling of leap seconds[1], more. ISO8601 or bust! Other than that, yes, I think there are things about REST and REST-like API's that are not clear and subject to debate about best way to do it -- but none of them are mentioned in this post, these are the floor, yep. [1] http://cr.yp.to/proto/utctai.html It says right there: > Note: Amazon Mom and Amazon Student members with Amazon Prime shipping benefits and customers receiving a free 30 days of Amazon Prime benefits with Kindle Fire won't be able to share their benefits. Probably pricing bots gone into some kind of boundary loop, which is a lot more interesting than a fat fingering entry mistake, and reminds us of algorithmic stock trading. See: http://www.michaeleisen.org/blog/?p=358 and http://carlos.bueno.org/2012/02/bots-seized-control.html The OP suggests that U+0243 B with stroke is a "capitalized alternate symbol for the voiced bilabial fricative in Americanist phonetic notation" I would suspect that the other stroke capitals that are present were used in specific actual alphabets (and probably represented in some existing pre-unicode font or code block), whether 'Americanist phonetic alphabet', or other -- and the stroke capitals that are not present, were not. In general, unicode codepoints are justified by actually existing use. (There is an interesting metaphysical problem that arises as our lives become increasingly digitized -- things that are not present in unicode _won't_ be used, because they won't be _able_ to be used online... so how will new things be added justified by use, once all the existing pre-digital glyphs have been added? I dunno.) nope, I think that rails session sounds probably like ASP.net session. At any rate, rails session is like PHP session (i am not familar with asp.net). But yes, the default Rails implementation does not store the session on the server but a key in a cookie. Although you can optionally do that, storing the actual session data in the rdbms, or other server-side places. But the default Rails implementation, yes, actually stores the session info itself in cookies. One of the benefits of this is, when you've scaled out/load balanced your app servers to multiple instances, they don't need to share a session store somewhere, they each get the entire session via cookie. There are also other disadvantages, including with synchronization. But also including that your session data is now visible to the client when it wasn't before. So, yeah, encrypting the data is one way to change the trade-off calcuation and make it work for more (but not all) apps/use cases, why not? It actually doesn't increase the complexity much. If you're storing session data in cookies to begin with, you already needed to crypto sign them, to avoid tampering. If you're involving crypto in there anyway, and a secret key anyway, might as well (as a configurable option, sure; which is the default configuration, why not) tell the crypto library to encrypt+sign/decrypt+verify instead of just sign/verify, why not. Dude, if you're going to combine a question mark and an exclamation point, do it RIGHT. ‽ (interrobang ftw) It would be interesting to do a study, I would suspect those forms are still seen as 'classy', 'elegant' and 'better' -- non-lining figures and the like. But maybe that's just my own preference/hope, and in fact they are just seen as 'weird'. But hey, everyone likes an actual em or en dash to two or one hyphen, don't they? No? Say it ain't so! (Not that anyone, including me, bothers to enter them on the keyboard, see above). why isn't it equally confusing to choose and implement a microformat, when you don't even know if it's going to be useful? And why do you think it didn't catch on in the past two years? Not much to report... but an incredible love of ellipses. Maybe I burned a few periods, but, man, you have no idea what kinds of grammatical innovation are yet to come. Always remember... punctuate to live don't live to punctuate. Rails _needs_ to produce security-patch-only patch releases. This won't be foolproof; there is no such thing as foolproof in software development. There can still be unintentional regressions in security-patch-only releases (and even new security vulnerabilities), as well as new security vulnerabilities in other releases. Yes, nothing is foolproof. But you can work at improving your quality. Yes, there are other things Rails could do to improve quality, including trying to actually do some variation of semver. But the most obvious thing with the highest benefit/cost that Rails team could do is always release security patches in security patch only releases, so developers can apply security patch only releases and minimize their exposure to new regressions when doing so. Git should not make this hard to do, just cherry pick the security-patch commits into a branch created off the last release, and release it as a patch release seperately from any other changes. Am I missing something? Actually, ironically, the _particular_ bug that changed how ActiveRecord works... which caused security problems... was actually an unintentional regression in a _security patch_. There were ALSO unrelated changes (quite many) in the patch release that included the latest security fixes. Which is a mess. But, the _particular_ problem here, the OP suggests it was the same problem as github reported [here]( https://github.com/blog/1440-today-s-email-incident ), where they suggest they isolated the introduction of the regression to [this commit]( https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/f980289fd2c1b9073a94b5... ), which in fact has a commit message as the fix to CVE-2013-1854. So, yes, a security fix unintentionally introduced a regression with _other_ security implications. Yeah, this is kind of ironic, and yeah, it means it's not so simple to say what could have been done to avoid it. (In this case, I'm surprised there wasn't an automated test already that caught the particular regression. It seems like something that should have been tested. But I haven't looked at the test source to see if it was an odd edge case or what have you.) (But it's STILL bad practice to release security patches only in releases bundled with a bunch of other changes). What you say is the best, safest, right thing to do. It's not what very many at all in the U.S. do though -- even those who think in the abstract that they wouldn't talk to the authorities without taking to a lawyer first (or at all) -- end up doing so. In part because the authorities are pretty expert at getting you to talk to them (by intimidation or persuasion). But the more you think about it in advance and prepare, the more likely you can remember to exersize your rights. I can't say for France, but in the U.S., remember NOT, ever, to talk to the authorities without talking to a lawyer first. It's really hardly ever going to make things better for you or your friends and loved ones. Don't talk to the cops. I believe this has been default on IE (and maybe even Chrome?) for quite some time. The very first Saturday Night Live episode had a similar parody. http://snltranscripts.jt.org/75/75atriple.phtml > Since JSTOR is a not-for-profit, I don't really see where the money would go besides toward the actual cost of making the research publicly available (which in JSTOR's case is non-trivial, since they are scanning a lot of publications instead of converting InDesign files to PDFs). I agree with your point. But you are ignoring another major expense that the fees go to: Paying the actual publishers and rights-holders licensing fees. JSTor is not a publisher. Most of what they distribute, there is a copyright holder, usually the original publisher, that will not let them host and distribute without a fee. This is obviously not something JStor has a whole lot of control over. I agree that JStor are the 'good guys'; their fees are more reasonable than most of their for-profit competition, AND their service is _just plain better_ than most of their for-profit competition. It would be interesting to see how much of JStor's budget goes to paying licensing fees to the rightsholders; I don't know if that information is public. While there are (or at least were) some third-party MySQL add-ons on Heroku, in general Heroku uses postgres instead. I have no idea how/if these issues apply to postgres. Meanwhile, millions (billions?) of dollars, hours of time, and degredations of privacy and dignity all go into trying to reduce the chance of someone being able to sneak a Toothpaste Bomb (over 3oz!) onto a plane. You are only as secure as your weakest point. Wait, "Deal" means paid placement and "Discovery" does not? Or is it the opposite? How exactly is it you think this is clear? It is true that there is certainly plenty of 'old school' media that intentionally confuses the difference between paid-placement advertisements and editorial content too. And venues that do that are disrespected and considered deceitful too, even if there are plenty of them. I don't think anyone would think external dependencies you have control over are "completely different use cases" from ones you don't have control over, if it weren't for having already adapting to the fact that have to think of them as very different things with git's current toolset. In fact, many people getting started with git get confused about whether subtree or submodule is appropriate, and end up wanting parts of both. > Best practices say to encrypt your passwords in the database to limit a potential data breach. This increases overhead for each request when authenticating a user. Unique API keys authentication skips the hashing step and therefore speeds up your calls. Wait, why can you can skip the hashing step and still be secure? Because hashing is only neccesary if you call it a 'password', but not if you use it in the same way but call it an 'api key' instead? I guess it depends on the purpose for hashing. If it's just about 'data breaches', then maybe it doesn't matter if your api keys get out... because they at least won't grant access to any _other_ systems, since they weren't manually entered by users and re-used accross systems. Is that what you're thinking? But don't you still want to avoid a data breach like this for your _own_ service? And, I think, isn't the other reason hashed passwords are used, to make it harder to do a brute force attack? Ie, it's quite intentional and deliberate that it increases request overhead. And doesn't this still apply to an api key, possibly even MORE so when you have a single api key instead of a username/pass combo? One thing that confuses me: If the JQuery team is committed to keep supporting 1.9/1.x, entirely API-compatible with 2.0 -- what is the benefit to JQuery of the 1.x/2.x fork? You get a cleaner easier to maintain codebase in 2.x -- but you've got to keep maintaining 1.x anyway. If there was a feature you didn't want to add to 1.x because it was too hard -- you still can't add it to 2.x and not 1.x, because you committed to supporting 1.x as API-compatible, no? Is the idea that 2.x will provide better performance on capable browsers than 1.x? So, yeah, the development burden is no less, but the results are better. I guess I understand why people are doubting whether they will really follow through -- because if they do follow through, it makes it somewhat unclear what the benefit of the 2.x refactor was in the first place. > So years later you can get content restored? Nope, all you are supposed to have to do to get the content restored is submit a counter-notice. And it should be back in two weeks, not years. But you can be sued by the rightsholder for posting infringing material. The DMCA is really about protecting the ISP/host. The ISP can't be sued for hosting your infringing material -- so long as they take it down when receiving a takedown notice; and even when they put it back up after receiving the counter-notice from the original poster. But YOU (the poster) can still be sued. I am not sure how often ISPs/hosts have clearly identified counter-notice procedures, but that's the way the law is written. See for some further explanation: http://www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/responding-dmca-takedown-not... Interesting essay overall, but I don't think 'arbitrage' means what you think, in " and arbitrage it against their virtual goods or ecommerce businesses." Unless, maybe, there were somehow middlemen buying facebook ads and then reselling them to someone else, that's not 'arbitrage' (and even then, questionable). Are you saying to you it logically makes sense to use the word 'arbitrage' for anything involving making a profit, or making an expenditure that is cost effective? Really? Or something else? Me, I'd like to defend the notion that words actually mean something, and using big words because they make you sound cool, without paying any attention to what they mean, makes you a less effective communicator. Even if everybody else is doing it too. Everyone sending email status updates to everyone else daily is an alternative to stand-up meetings? I mean, I guess it is.... it's in particular, an alternative that was very common before stand-ups were invented and became popular, which was judged ineffective and inefficient by those who invented stand up meetings. But, sure. In other news, planning everything out in advance is an alternative to agile development. Have others been seeing a huge increase in spam getting past akismet filter on wordpress lately, or is it just me? There are already ways to force browsers to download using HTTP headers. The author says this is a "server-side solutions to front-end problem", okay. But anyways, when pages use this already, it OFTEN pisses me off, when I want to look at a PDF in browser, but the web app/page is forcing me to save it to disk and then re-open it in another app. What we _really_ need, that we _don't_ have a way to do right now -- is signal the browser to _prompt_ the user as to whether it should be saved or displayed in-browser. The browser could ignore unless it was capable of displaying in-browser of course. That's something we do not have any way of doing in a reliable way now with HTTP headers, and I wish html5 would add that, instead of duplicating a lesser feature which is both possible now, and frequently annoying. Right, some browsers do, some don't. (I used to be able to _get_ Firefox to, with the right config, but stopped being abel to figure out how, then switched to chrome where i haven't figured out how either). But what we need is a standard cross-browser way to request this behavior (prompt for download vs show), that by default standards-compliant browsers will comply with (I'll allow for users over-riding this default behavior with configuration, if the browser wants to support that, sure). We don't have that. I wish html5 would add that, instead of minorly improving an annoying thing we already have (way to signal the browser to force or default to download). Sure, it should be avail in the HTML not just in HTTP headers, so the browser can let the signal effect it's UI before it does an http request for the asset, sure. Why is the author's name not attached to the article? Anyone know who wrote this? The "prison IP range"? What's that? There are literally thousands of prisons in the US (4500. We've got more than any other country in the world, go us.) Wikipedia certainly is not interested in the task of trying to track the IP addresses of each of these prisons. (Also, I can guarantee you that the vast majority of these prisons are served by under-resourced barely-competent IT departments.) (Also, it may not even be possible to distinguish between 'inmate' IP addresses, and IP addresses used by staff, or even staff working for the department of corrections not even physically at the prison. Why? Because there's no such thing as an 'inmate IP address', because right now inmates aren't allowed to use the internet at all. So you're asking under-resourced barely competent IT departments to set up a new IP address allocation regime. At 4500 different prisons.) If Chrome didn't offer any way to 'save as' a PDF that it was displaying (really?!?), that's clearly Chrome's problem. It would be easy enough to at least format them in HTML, they use such consistent ascii 'typesetting', it could easily be automated. I mean, they are formatted in HTML now, but as a giant block of monospace text. They could use s for the headers, let the text flow with browser resize for small screens, heck use bootstrap for good readable web typesetting, etc. I am not sure why the IETF isn't interested in better web typesetting for em. At one point someone had a site that did that, I think it was advertised and discussed here on HN, but I forget what it was called, and I think it faded into non-supported obscurity (since it was obviously a labor of love, unpaid). This is a super helpful writeup on a topic I needed an intro to, thanks so much! I'm confused by the implication that running an image without permission but with credit is legal, but without permission but without credit is illegal. Copyright, in the US anyway, so far as I know has no such relationship to whether proper attribution/credit is given. (If the given work was publicly licensed CC-BY, that's another story. Then you HAVE permission, under that license only if you credit. But that's something the CC-BY license does, not some built-in part of copyright law). It's certainly _good manners_ regardless of the law. But, while you may or may not be illegally 'pirating' an image to use it in a facebook post without permission, whether or not you give proper attribution is unlikely to be determining factor of whether you are or not. In theory, yeah. It's never occured to me to wonder about how you file a DMCA notice against facebook though, or if that's something that happens and how effective it is for the filer. Is this something that one can do on facebook? Facebook appears to say yes: http://www.facebook.com/help/190268144407210/ But it would be interesting to hear from someone with personal experience, on either end of a DMCA takedown notice on facebook. I certainly agree that there's nothing wrong with prioritizing other things (like interesting work, for just one, there are others) over maximizing your money. What's galling is when someone ELSE makes big bucks off your hard work, and you don't. Then you often feel taken advantage of. That isn't generally happening when you take a smaller salary to become a teacher or a touring musician or to travel the world more. And when it DOES happen (say, to touring musicians, sure), the person it happens to generally feels exploited. Even if they had done the same thing for the same money _without_ someone else profiting big time off their work, they would have felt good about it. But if you decide you don't mind someone else trying to make huge bucks off your hard work, without sharing them with you, because you enjoy the thing you're working hard on that much and it's all cool... I guess I've got no reason to say there's anything wrong with that, if that's your thing. But in reality, it's the difference between working at a startup with equity on the same order of magnitude as the founders, but the startup doesn't end up succeeding (Oh well, it was worth a shot, and I still made enough to pay rent and live comfortably, and I found it rewarding) vs working at a startup that is VERY succesful and the founders are rich... but you wound up with much less money than you could have had working somewhere else, perhaps with just as interesting work. How likely are you to find the latter one rewarding, after it shakes out? I think it is, in the sense that the US is a country founded on one group of people imprisoning and disposessing other groups of people for economic profit, with those groups differentiated by ethnicity. But NOT if you're suggesting that a place with a hetereogenous ethnic or cultural makeup is neccesarily more violent or something. Also, in fact, when you say "in other places with X, the incarceration rate doesn't seem to be as high", X can be _anything_. The US has the highest incarceration rate on the planet, by a fairly wide margin. So in EVERY other place, with any characteristic at all, the incarceration rate isn't as high. Not in Scandinavia, not in China, not in any part of Africa, not in Mexico, not anywhere. The US is alone. Why does Ghostery[1] keep the blog content from showing up at all? Hmm, seems to be in particular "Adobe Digital Marketing (Omniture) [2]. If you have ghostery block this, you can not see the blog text. [1] http://www.ghostery.com/ [2] http://www.ghostery.com/apps/adobe_digital_marketing_(omnitu... in fact, Ghostery does block the article, for me anyway. Which is odd, one of the few times I've seen Ghostery have the effect of making a site unuseable/unreadable, and possibly the only time i've seen it on a blog. Huh, weird. Nice, that JS is a great idea, thanks. And of course it relies on the download attribute. So, okay, I guess the `download` attribute DOES make this possible with a bit of JS, where it wasn't before, okay, one step forward. One nice feature of your solution is the user can still skip the prompt with a right-click or modifier-click 'save as' or 'open in new tab'. Nicely done. I'm gonna use that in the future. To be more strictly legal, I'd use a `data-prompt="true"` attribute or something, instead of a not entirely legal made up 'prompt' attribute. Any experience with 'God', written in ruby? That's the one tool in this class that I've heard of a lot, that wasn't covered. (My guess is you're a pythonista over a rubyist) Can you give me more information on such simple javascript-baed spam protection techniques? It does. http://crapcha.com/ http://mashable.com/2013/04/17/crapcha/ http://www.crapcha.com/ http://thomaspark.me/2013/04/crapcha-completely-ridiculous-a... Except there does seem to be one old duplicate of the exact ` http://crapcha.com/` one. Perhaps it allows a re-post after enough time has elapsed. Huh, I use chrome, I thought unchecking on that popup would allow that third party site globally, not just ont he present site. You're sure? The document.write method makes it impossible to do async script loading, that you ordinarily could do here to improve perceived page load time. No? I mean, for instance, you couldn't load that FIRST CDN jquery as async, because you need the browser to block on it so your NEXT script tag (which also can't be loaded async, naturally, cause it has a document.write in it) can check to see if it was loaded. What are you talking about? How? What? Are you sure you mean 'bootstrap'? Maybe it's just some feature of bootstrap I don't know about, but I'm not even sure what to go looking for because I'm not sure what you're suggesting is built into bootstrap. Built into the Javascript parts of Bootstrap somehow? What is, exactly? This is great. Someone should change the title so it's descriptive of what's going on, although I have no idea what that title should be, heh. This post is about Github moving some code from ruby to C for performance, MRI's GC, and judy trie-like data structure and how it compares wrt to both performance and memory consuption with hash implementations. Note that despite being on martinfowler.com, this is an article by Brett L. Schuchert, not Martin Fowler. I only noticed when the article cited 'Martin Fowler' as someone else on something. Although I had been thinking, gee, I don't find this nearly as clear as I'm used to from Fowler. > Rails 4.0 removed the assets group from Gemfile. You'd need to remove that line from your Gemfile when upgrading. Can anyone explain or provide a cite to more on this? What the intention is here, what one is supposed to do with gems only used in asset compilation but not needed in actual production app environment? > We already know your email address when you signed up, and we use our own Mailgun account to send email as/from you, so that it just works. Hmm, isn't this asking for trouble? Having the emails you send put in spam queues, or eventually having your MTA IP address blacklisted even. When you're sending out emails from @somewhere.tld, even though you aren't in control of somewhere.tld or it's MX server, and sending out multiple emails from the same mail server. These days, sending email while remaining in the good graces of all the ISPs receiving email is awfully hard. cf http://sendgrid.com/docs/User_Guide/warming_up.html I think an MVP has got to be as few "features" as you can get away with -- but each feature has got to be as HIGH QUALITY as you can make it, to stand out from the crowd. It's not year 2000, or even year 2010 anymore -- you probably have competitors, you need to differentiate somehow. Don't buy a pickup truck, a trailer, and 3 of those orange ride/stand-on mowers -- but the ONE mower you buy, make it the BEST DAMN MOWER you can afford, well-thought out best for precisely the kind of mowing jobs you plan to focus on. (And this is only a great analogy to software if your customer is going to be actually USING your mower themselves!) Thanks for more details -- is this documented anywhere yet? If not, it might be good to add to the "docs needed" checklist. (Also, if when migrating an app from 3 to 4 you need to manually add 'sprockets-rails' to your Gemfile, should be mentioned in migration guide) It seems unfortunate to me that all those gems involved only in asset compiling now need to be in every environment -- meaning they need to actually be loaded and 'require'd in your production running app, even though assets have already been compiled. Hopefully that change to requirements was needed to reap some worthwhile benefit, it's still pretty sketchy to me why the sprockets integration improvements led to this change. On OSX Chrome, after I open one of the popups off a 'view source' links in the demo section and close it... I can't seem to open any other 'view source' popups (including the first one) again, clicking on the links does nothing. Just me? Is there an easy way to load via ajax, and then make it such that additional links in that loaded content will also have their content loaded in that same popup? Sort of a little mini-window effect? I've hacked that together for other modal/popup implementations before, and it works pretty well for simple interactions. But I'm starting to get weary of re-implementing it on the next new better modal/popup implementation, heh. I use ruby [vcr]( https://github.com/vcr/vcr ) to mock responses. But ordinarily it 'records' an actual HTTP interaction, to play it back latter mock. If you want to mock something you don't currently have conveniently 'live' to record, you can try to write up the serialized recorded request by hand -- but it'd be a lot easier to use this service to mock up a request, then record it with VCR so subsequent test runs don't go out to the network. I plan to do some of that, as needed. Convenient. It's almost time for Mr. Andresen to get back to work. He shares some useful advice about Bitcoin: "I tell people it's still an experiment and only invest time or money you could afford to lose." If only investors could as easily follow that advice with fiat currencies. > A while ago you could update a gem and break 3 apps. You aren't using bundler, are you? You really really should be. It eliminates the vast majority of that class of problem. It's been best practice in Rails, and ruby deployment in general, to use bundler for several years now, it really does make that kind of problem go away. I'm not sure typical non-technical users have any idea what the TLDs mean, or pay any attention to them at all. Many users just type website names into google or their location bar, not paying any attention to the URL at all. Or, actually type the _hostname_ into a google search box, not realizing what a hostname/URL _is for_. I wonder if they actually preferred Sharepoint-- or if they just didn't care at all , and not caring preferred to stick with what they already knew how to ~workaround~ use, rather than learn something new. Yep, them too, don't tell anyone about their hacks. (I mean, "More about governments than organized crime? There's a difference?") Yeah, I mean, it's supposed to come off as showing off, right? "Sure, we're so crazy good, that we can take out name.com and linode just cause some script kiddies pissed us off, no sweat. Don't mess with us. And we're so in it for the lulz, that' SURE we'd take out linode and name.com just to get some script kiddies, and not bother trying to sell the CCs or anything." Or, they're lying. I mean, they could be lying about the whole damn story, who knows (not me). Okay, so, when you notice your DNS latency going up by 5ms... how much investigation do you then do to confirm exactly what caused this, and have a very high confidence (how high?) of ruling out it being caused by a MitM on the DNS? Really? It seems safe to assume anything involving "external Thunderbolt RAID array" is not "popular" either. I think "All my photos are safe, and available on all my devices, including when I upgrade devices" probably IS a popular need -- but many/most people don't even realize it's not currently being met, or don't even think about it -- which may make it hard to build a business of it. They don't care from "the cloud", but the cloud seems the logical way to meet this need. Wow, yeah, it looks like Everpix is exactly what he asked for, and more, including multi-platform support (not just iOS), and for exactly the price he specs -- $5/month. It is possible to use Bundler even in Rails2 -- if you are getting a lot of pain from that class of problem, it might be worth it. Although, really, Rails 2.3x stops getting even security updates very soon, it might make more sense to focus all your energy on getting off Rails 2 -- although I know very well how incredibly painful that is. You're in for pain no matter what, sadly. And I hope none of us ever pay a visit to Guantanamo. But seriously, yeah, of course there's a difference, but government is also often in league with organized crime, from local levels of corrupt cops and drug leaders, to international levels of the CIA and arms traders and 'our' 'freedom fighers' -- I bet this is also true in Sicily and Naples, that many parts of the government act in league with organized crime. But yeah, to go back to the actual topic/thread, mainly, I think the guy is right that the government is the other main actor which is going to keep it's security exploits to itself, and just use them to monitor you silently. (And that's probably more likely in the US than any other country on the planet, at the moment). I am not an ORM hater. I like ORMs a lot. But the point that one needs to know SQL even if one is using an ORM is just obvious to me. It boggles and scares me that anyone thinks they can be a competent web developer without knowing SQL. I was going to say "...if they use an rdbms, maybe they just use some NoSQL and can get away without it." But you know what, nope, not even that caveat -- if you don't know SQL and rdbms, you aren't going to be competent to know if some nosql is right the choice, or which one, either. Any reason it would be 'wrong'? There are few things in software engineering that are universally 'right' or 'wrong', it all depends on context. There are plenty of people who already know SQL and are comfortable using it, but still prefer to use an ORM though. It's not like ORMs are only used or liked by people who don't know SQL. I believe you are correct, except possibly the other way around -- nested queries are just syntactic sugar for joins, group by, and having. :) I'm actually not sure what I said is true (you can possibly do more with nested queries than you could do with just joins and group by/having?), but I DO think group by/having came before nested queries in rdbms implementations. Joe Celko's more general "SQL For Smarties" is how I learned SQL, it is a great book (or, at least, was like 3 editions ago) Still, 'it depends'. Yeah, there are all sorts of reasons, depending on context (and plenty of people to argue all those reasons). Personally, I agree with OP that nobody should ever use an ORM as an excuse to not know SQL. You need to know SQL anyway. So, once we agree on that, your question "Is there any reason to use an ORM if I know SQL" (that's basically what you mean when you phrase it in the inverse "Is there any reason it would be suboptimal to NOT use an ORM", right?) -- basically just boils down to "Is there ever any reason to use an ORM?". A topic which is basically the equivalent editor/OS war of db-based web development on HN or reddit. Meaning it's an argument that can and does go on forever, and you can find in-depth treatments of in many other threads. An interesting story. > The email addresses for your twitter accounts should be on a system that is isolated from your organization’s normal email. This will make your Twitter accounts virtually invulnerable to phishing (providing that you’re using unique, strong passwords for every account). That doesn't make a lot of sense. Sure, now your twitter account is somewhat protected against phishing (I think 'invulernable' is a bit too confident, even with 'virtually' added as qualifier). But what about any other possible account? So now you say every single other possible account related to your business should be associated with an email address isolated from normal email, to protect them from phishing. Right? Okay, so what makes is the 'normal email' again? You've just decided to split all your email amongst as many disparate systems as possible, to protect against phishing... which I guess it sort of does, but at cost of so much confusion that you've probably opened yourself up to something else. Unless twitter alone is so high value to protect in this way? Or am I missing something? if you can forget about it and get on with your life -- you (like me) have already got more power/comfort/privilege than most people, who are reminded all the time how much power jerks have to make the lives of those without power miserable. Plus, if you don't have set hours, and focus only on goals -- then you can expect your employees to work 50, 80, 100 hours a week in order to accomplish their goals (which were probably set by you not them), whatever it takes. Cookies? From marketting networks? It's amazing how much the marketting networks can figure out about you, and keep track of you with a cookie. i don't get it, in what form/format does this machine 'dispense' bitcoins? I'm not a bitcoin expert, but bitcoins are digital currency, right? How does a physical machine dispense digital currency? You attach a USB drive to it or something? The guy's Scottish, he thinks it's about San Fran specifically, it's really about AMERICA. Maybe San Fran puts it even more in your face. But compared to most any other country even half as rich as America, the lack of social safety net in the U.S. is kind of shocking. People in Europe don't really realize the extent of it. Yeah, OP acknolwedged that, right? > Thing is, those in poorer situations flock here, because they can get healthcare, support, and help, but other times it just feels like a passive aggressive fuck-you-got-mine. if you don’t tip, it isn’t so much a snub, it’s saying “i don’t think you deserve healthcare”. Alternatively for those with healthcare provided, it locks them into their job. A BUNCH of small businesses with physical storefronts I frequent locally already use an iPad or iPhone with square as their PoS. They do this DESPITE the inconvenience of using the standard plug-in square reader. DESPITE the technological know-how and inconvenience needed to hook up a receipt printer (they will email receipt to you ONLY, some customers don't like this, too bad). Despite all those downsides, they do it cause Square's 2.9% is less than they get charged from other processors; and a typical PoS system costs so much more and is STILL crappy. They do it despite the other inconveniences. So this is part of Square recognizing that they are in fact a hair's breadth away from taking over the small business physical storefront PoS market too, they just need to smooth down a few more edges. U.S. cards only have magnetic strips. It's possible there are some cards in the U.S. that have chips now, but point of sale systems don't generally use em, only the strip, yep. Not 'even' a VC? Of course not a VC! There are plenty of kickstarter projects that people fund because they want to see it happen, with the 'gifts' being just an extra spur. But NOT the technology ones. The technology ones are pretty much all pre-sales, with people spending money only to get a product, indeed. But they're presales on something that doesn't yet exist. With no contractual obligation to actually deliver it. I suspect the tech projects have a much higher rate of failure (==not getting delivered) than the 'art' projects. But also that the tech projects take in much more $$ than the 'art' projects, meaning more money for kickstarter's 5% cut too. Kickstarter is not an investment, you get no equity. An investment is risk, you are risking losing your money, but at the chance of making lots of money. That's what an investment is, in theory anyway, right? Kickstarter tech projects, you are risking losing your money... for the chance to get a product that's worth about what you paid for it anyway? Where's the possible reward that's worth the risk? The US is in fact providing a defense subsidy to it's allies AND to it's enemies. EVERYONE gets their weaponry from the US (they bought it back when they were allies, now their enemies), and/or gets weaponry developed with US military R&D. It's certainly good for the US defense industry. You've got to buy more better weapons cause your enemy has bought more better weapons, and both sides buy em from the US defense industry. When the US gives another country military aid (or actually most any kind of aid), 100% of the funds 'donated' need to be used buying military goods from US companies. So military aid goes right to US defense companies too. (I think Israel is the one special exception, who for some reason only have to spend 50% of their military aid on US goods, and can spend the other half on Israeli-made goods). The US spends more on the military than every other country _combined_. So, yeah, I'm not sure this state of affairs could really be described as the US keeping the planet _safe_ by spending so much on military. But it is true that the US equips the entire rest of the world militarily. > You can't simply suggest that addiction/mental illness is "self inflicted", give them $10K and say "You're on your own, bud." That isn't solving anything. Solving homeless is the same as solving mental illness and/or addiction, and those are massively hard problems to address. Not true. You know how you can solve homelessness without solving mental illness and addiction EVEN IF (let's accept for the sake of argument) most homelessness is caused by mental illness and addiction? It's really quite simple. You just give housing to mentally ill and addicted people. They are still mentally ill and/or addicted, but now they're not homeless, because you gave them a place to live. How does this scan service work? Is it just BS? If software can automatically find code defects... why are there any code defects at all anymore? Just fix whatever their scan says to fix. Yes, but the quote still implies some confusion about things. If the code is licensed GPL, you do not need the blessing of the owner, you already have a license. If the code is licensed GPL, and you want to use it, why do you even care who owns the copyright? There are reasons you might care, but they are not obvious, and the OP does not say why he was interested -- the implication of that sentence to the casual non-geek reader, is that the new yorker needed the copyright owners permission to launch. The OP doesn't even mention the GPL. If the code really is licensed GPL, that passage is misleading, is it not? Probably because the author himself is confused. > How can you be sure that the data you are submitting is not intercepted? Tor is not meant to guarantee that your messages are not being intercepted. It is simply not meant to protect against this. Use end-to-end encryption. (Does strongbox use encryption on top of tor? I am not sure). > How can I be sure that all my traffic is not running through one government network (because all tor nodes still left are compromised)? That is the more pertinent question, indeed. That's the correct question about Tor security, and would be what woudl cause Tor to fail at what it does intend to do. There are some written analyses of this risk. > How can I be sure that I'm actually submitting my information to the New Yorker in this case as opposed to a government server posing as them? Tor isn't necceasrily meant to guarantee that either, an SSL cert with a known/trusted fingerprint would be. But you're right the new yorker is not doing the right things here either. I am less worried about the integrity of Tor, but I think you are right that the new yorker is not doing all the right things to maximize security/anonymity here. Security is hard. But among other things, they ought to be serving all strongbox related things (including the endpoint you access over Tor) over https, and publishing their SSL cert fingerprint in multiple places all over the net. You can do JS and Ruby via a JVM-based runtime (jruby, or whatever for JS). Don't know how much uptake it has. I know I've seen proof of concepts of jruby on app engine, including with Rails. Right, that's why you care that it was released as GPL. Other than to verify that it was legally released as GPL, why would you be concerned with the identity of the copyright owner? you are also ruling out HTTP auth, yes? This is pretty much what working in university IT is like, yeah. The less work you do, the more you'll keep everyone happy, and the higher your job security. If you try actually getting anything done, you will make people mad and lower your job security. I suspect this is true in many/most large organizations, not just universities, yeah? I've been considering zohomail for gmail alternative. Does anyone have experience with both that and fastmail and can compare? From a cursory exploration, you can get quite a bit (including quite a bit of storage) from zohomail at the free tier, compared to what you get from the $5/year (might as well be free) tier at fastmail. But fastmail may have lots of cool features if you do want to pay? (Definitely interested in getting away from gmail. I've always had my own domain name for email, but it's currently hosted at gmail, using the no-longer-existing free google apps tier). Wait, what is this about? Is Google changing _something_ about CAlDAV? Now I'm worried, even though you are assuring us I shouldn't be, heh. What's changing exactly? It is especially ironic that a NEWS organization would claim that facts are protected by copyright, and one needs someone's permission to report factual claims. Such a legal theory is rather inimical to the business of news. It is not 'fair use', because it is not copyrighted in the first place. 'Fair use' is a legal defense to make copies of copyrighted material. Yes, it is copyrighted, but it is a fair use anyway, if X, Y and Z. Facts and factual statements are not copyrightable in the US in the first place. Nor does copyright, in the US, prevent someone from comparing something to Rudyard Kipling's Just So Stories. So you are correct that there is no legal basis under copyright to prevent such a comparison, but it's not about fair use. No - the copyright in the Snow Fall article indeed protects him from _copying_ the Snow Fall article (unless it is fair use). Yes, he may have violated copyright by doing so. The copyright in the Snow Fall article does not give anyone the rights to prevent someone from saying "The NYT spent hundreds of hours hand-coding 'Snow Fall'. We made a replica in an hour." That quote from their letter is the part I was referring to. You are confusing your legal theories. It does not violate copyright, it is true, to say "The NYT spent hundreds of hours..." It is not 'fair use' though, because it is not a use of copyrighted material in the first place. 'Fair use' means fair use _of copyrighted material_, it is a defense against using copyrighted material without permission. 'Truth' is not in fact any kind of a defense against copyright. If you really _do_ copy someone's copyrighted work without permission, and it is not fair use, then it is completely irrelevant whether the text you copied was 'true' or not. But if did not copy someone's copyrighted work, then you can't possibly have violated their copyright. For instance, if someone else had first written an article that began "The NYT spent hundreds of hours...", and went on, and you copied that entire article yourself without permission, and you did not have a fair use defense -- you would be violating their copyright, regardless of how true or false the article was. 'nominative fair use' is a legal theory of _trademark_, and what you say may actually be more applicable to trademark, aha, okay. Important to be clear though. > There are tonnes of code hosting sites going back as far as SourceForge and none of them ever came up with something like this. Actually, [github phased out their uploads/downloads features starting last December]( https://github.com/blog/1302-goodbye-uploads ) too. They didn't mean "abuse" as part of the reasons it was going away, but I wonder if it played a role. I don't know if it's 'wrong', but it may not be in the best interests of us, the users, and some who think it is not may point that out. I think many people reading this get a sort of uncomfortable feeling thinking about 'white hat' security researchers receiving bounties for disclosure -- it sounds a bit like extortion, especially when people talk about "wondering how much more you can get elsewhere." But at the same time, the reality is that we're in somewhat of a security crisis. Businesses responsible for the security and privacy of our personal information and identities are clearly not in fact capable of protecting those on their own. (In part because it is a very hard task). They need help. And they're not going to get enough help purely from unpaid volunteers. In a more reasonable world, the government would have armies of 'white hat' hackers trying to find security holes (they surely do), and then _telling the effected about them_ (they definitely don't, they keep them instead for their own use). Because that would result in increased security for us all, isn't that in theory the mission of police agencies, increasing our security? The U.S. government (and several others) is surely already aggressively doing vulnerability discovery. [1] They just keep the exploits to themselves, to use for their own spying -- instead of sharing them with the public so they can be patched, to increase security for everyone. Which course of action is more of a 'police state'? [1]: “You’re commuting to where the information is stored and extracting the information from the adversaries’ network. We are the best at doing it. Period.” -- Michael Hayden, who headed the NSA, and later the CIA, under Bush. http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2013-05-23/how-the-u-do... "This page has been removed due to inaccuracies. We regret the error." hmm? They're just going to have really bad photos, with bad composition etc. Will it hurt their sales at all? Maybe not, so maybe they don't care? It will hurt their journalists self-respect, and, I'd suggest, in the long term, hurt the credibility and respectability of their newspaper. To have unprofessional looking photos. Nice! This is something I've wanted to do for a while, but whenever I started down the path of hacking together my own tool, ended up giving up after a bit of work realizing it was a bit more complicated to do well than I anticipated and I didn't have time to do it right. Oh, but according to SOMEONE (source for this claim is not given) "That code is encrypted and constantly changing — and should be hackproof." American media at it's best! While I think you are right that there is a difference between what people say they want and what they actually want -- I would suggest that there is also a difference between what people actually want , and what people demonstrate with their behavior, what they actually do . What people do is not neccesarily what they want either! For all sorts of reasons. Poor self-control, costs/risks (financial/social/psychological) to doing what you really want, etc. Just becuase someone spends money on something doesn't actually mean that, in an ideal world, they want to be paying for it, or want it in their lives. MOST of the planets population? Really? I think the actions or desires of most of the planets population, who don't have computers or internet-enabled phones, have virtually no impact on the market for rails developers. That's a good point too, I'll have to think about that. The sorts of examples I was thinking of though, would be: * Someone who wants/says they want everyone to be paid a living wage and are willing to pay somewhat more for products made by people earning such -- but still consistently buy the cheapest products, made in sweatshops. (That one might be, in part, about a lack of trustworthy information?). * Someone who wants/says they'd rather there be fewer McDonalds around and more healthy restaurants, but still spends lot of money at mccdonalds, and maybe not at an available healthy restaurant. (lack of willpower?) I think you are right about the, er, epistemilogical problems, but I think there are still some examples that make it pretty obvious that what people actually want is not always represented by their actions. Or at least not always by their _purchase actions_. Maybe the larger point is that, contrary to certain religions, the market is not in fact a perfect aggregator of people's true desires. What is successful in the market is NOT always representative of people's true desires, for all sorts of reasons (including the obvious one that some people have more market power than others, so are better represented in 'the market' -- but that's just the very beginning of reasons). You think the main problem, with either terrorist murder, or government invasion of privacy and oppression... is "people complaining"? The main goal is to avoid people complaining, and it's a dilemma because it's not clear how to do that? I guess you'd make a good politician. It is, of course, not just some random file -- it's the file that has the most recent commit in that directory. Or rather, it's the commit message from the most recent commit in that directory (it's not so much about files at all). I find it quite useful, to see if there have been any recent changes in that directory (and specifically when and what) or if it hasn't been changed in years. > It's not like the migration was that complicated Really? If that was your experience, you are fortunate, but it does not match that of many. For me, the migration of several apps from Rails 2.3 to 3 was THAT COMPLICATED. The last one I finally got finished about 9 months ago. If someone was complaining about, say, Rails 3.0 to 3.2 -- sure, i'd agree, it's not really that complicated, just do it. But 2.3 to 3? So very many of us found that experience to be highly unpleasant and quite that complicated. I'm glad you didn't, but your experience is not even typical, let alone universal. > Generally Apple products are terrible for repair and upgradeability. This has become true, especially recently, but was not always true. The white plastic macbooks were really great for user repair, very easy to breakdown. It was clear that they actually spent some resources on increasing user-repairability with that model. But obviously do not anymore. I am curious what changed in Apple decision-making too, have some guesses. > was one of close to a thousand systems administrator Huh, that gives some idea as to the operational scale of NSA systems. It's ironic how much we're learning about how the secretive NSA does things.... from public releases by the NSA themselves, in their attempts at PR damage control. Or perhaps the emphasis should be on ANALYST. An Analyst maybe not, a sysadmin, oh, yeah, sure (and we have about 1000 of those). But really, I don't believe anything they say, or believe that I'm capable of figuring out the true meaning of the careful wording that they think they are using to 'technically' tell the truth while intentionally making everyone think they meant something else that was really a lie. I mean, Clapper has already admitted he lied to Congress, right? >> 1. You're not "giving up" the rights to your contribution, you are sharing the copyright... > Sorry, but - as a general rule, this is false, at least in common law jurisdictions. It can work either way: It depends on the particular Contributor License Agreement being used, and what it says. Some actually transfer copyright, some just grant the project entity a perpetual non-exclusive license to all rights. > Because that's not the primary access point. You normally log in through the app I know tons of people who use Dropbox for file sharing with their friends and colleagues, exclusively via the web interface. They don't even know there IS an app, and never install apps on their laptops, they think the web browser is all there is. (And the dropbox web browser UI is actually quite good.) It is not obvious to me what is typical for the majority of dropbox users though (and then the majority of paying customers may be different again) I guess the repo's you look at don't write very good commit messages? If you find the number of days since last change useful... why wouldn't you also find it useful to know what was changed in that last change? That's what the commit message tells you, right? (and the commit message is also the place you click on in the github ui to see the full commit with diff etc) Very interesting post -- dealing with unicode gets tricky. Because dealing with a full character repertoire is tricky, not because unicode does it poorly (unicode actually does it well). I wonder if Unicode UTR#30 would be an alternative (more reliable?) method of idempotent normalization? http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr30/tr30-4.html Or maybe the twisted algorithm really is UTR#30, just not labelled that? As far as I can tell, UTR#30 did not make it to formally being part of the unicode spec, for reasons I'm not entirely clear on -- it is nonetheless quite useful, and this case is an example. Solr for instance still uses it. ( http://wiki.apache.org/solr/AnalyzersTokenizersTokenFilters#... ). It might be a pain to find code implementing UTR#30 in your language of choice though (I am not sure if it's part of current ICU libraries or not). It's also worth pointing out, that in addition to this kind of 'folding' of different-but-look-the-same graphemes, in this sort of use case you ABSOLUTELY need to do byte normalization as per UAX#15 http://unicode.org/reports/tr15/ . Probably NFKC for this sort of use case. There are actually two kinds of normalization in play here. The one you are talking about is the one unicode actually calls normalization, and is dealt with in UTR#15. http://unicode.org/reports/tr15/ You are absolutely right that, in almost any situation taking unicode input where you're ever going to need to compare strings (and in most where you're ever going to need to display them), you are going to need to apply one of the UTR#15 normalization forms. UTR#15 normalizes different byte representations of what, in ALL circumstances are indeed identical characters/graphemes. A lot of people don't take account of this. Then there's the kind of canonicalization that OP talks about, which Unicode actually calls 'folding', and is about characters/graphemes which really ARE different characters but which, for _some_ but not all contexts may be treated as 'equivalent' (if not neccesarily identical). The simplest example is case insensitivity, but there are other trickier ones in the complete repertoire, like those discussed in the OP. This second kind of 'folding' canonicalization is a lot trickier, because it is contextual, not absolute. Which is maybe why Unicode started out trying to make an algorithm for it in UTR#30 but then abandoned it. Nonetheless, despite it's trickiness and contextuality, you often still really do need to do it, as in OP. Huh, and another alternative would be using one of the unicode collation algorithms for normalization -- which, unlike UAX#15, did make it beyond draft stage to be an official part of the unicode spec. http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr30/tr30-4.html#_Toc23 Chrome OSX stores in OSX keychain out of the box. Chrome OSX stores in OSX keychain, out of the box. Which is a fairly secure way to store passwords. This is great stuff. The reserved characters are different for each part But if it's true that you can _optionally_ percent-encode any character in any part of the URL (path or query) -- is this true? I think so -- then there is in fact a way to _encode_ any URI without as much syntactical awareness of the URI structure. This means that the "blue+light blue" string has to be encoded differently in the path and query parts: " http://example.com/blue+light%20blue?blue%2Blight+blue" . From there you can deduce that encoding a fully constructed URL is impossible without a syntactical awareness of the URL structure. Does it? Could you optionally encode it as: http://example.com/blue%2Blight%20blue?blue%2Blight%20blue That is, percent encode ( not the legacy encode-space-as-plus) both the plus and the space in both path and query? * You'd still need enough syntactic awareness of the URI structure to know to leave path-seperator "/" alone, and query-part-beginning "?" alone. * And you'd need even more syntactic awareness to properly _decode_ URIs, which may not have chosen to optionally always-percent-encode. * But it might be wise if libraries chose to encode things in that consistent way, for instance encoding plus in path even though it's not required, never encoding space as plus even in query. * I think there is _no_ good reason for any modern library to encode spaces, even in the query string, as "+" instead of %20. Even though many of them do. Don't do it. * I don't use Java much, and couldn't entirely follow those examples (this stuff is confusing to talk about -- as in all escaping issues) -- but it sure does seem like those parts of stdlib/commonly used libraries are pretty darn broken. (And I'm sure Java is not alone here -- there is a long history of devs being confused about this stuff. Again, as with just about any escaping-related issue). I don't think that's true. Firefox, out of the box, does _not_ use the OSX keychain even on OSX. Sadly. It ought to. Indeed. Throw-away society, bad for the environment. Not sure why you are getting downvoted. You're mostly talking about what's basically a phishing attack, right? I'm not really sure there is really any defense yet devised for phishing attacks against 'average non-power users.' I'm not disputing you though, I think it is a problem. But unrelated to how securely a given app stores sensitive info, which is what OP is about. Disconnect has generally been working better for me than Ghostery did too; although some parts of the Disconnect UI I still find more confusing and harder to use than analagous parts of ghostery. At the moment, the attack is not yet practical because it requires access to millions and possibly billions of copies of the same data encrypted using different keys. A browser would have to make that many connections to a server to give the attacker enough data. A possible exploitation path is to somehow instrument the browser to make a large number of connections, while a man in the middle is observing and recording the traffic. Does it need to be a single browser? If you have recorded a substantial portion of internet traffic (as the NSA has), and thus you have connections from a bunch of different browsers to a popular SSL/https web page, and the server (during a given time period) returns the exact same response (it's static web page) to all of them (or a portion of them and you can figure out which portion).... ? I can think of a bunch of different reasons this would NOT work, but (or 'and') I'm also not neccesarily an expert and don't entirely understand this stuff, so I'm not sure either way, just wondering. I like seeing design critiques like this, especially when done from actual design experience, and with respect. But, I came to say: Is the branch lister/switcher really one of the least-used parts of github? It's one of the parts I use the most, actually! I'm not sure that's it -- ruby also has a heavy evidence on classes, but encourages entirely different sorts of solutions. Sometimes for better, occasionally for worse, but rather than argue about that, my point is just _different_ -- if emphasis on classes was what led to designs like Java, ruby would lead to em too, but it doens't, so it much be something else. I do like the way jfb suggests using the concept of 'affordances' with languages/environments, to analyze what sorts of code they encourage. But to really do that, we'd have to actually identify these specific affordances, which i'm not sure how to either. (And as far as your particular line of argument -- does anything in a processor know what an 'actor' is either? If not, I believe you that you find 'actor' a better abstraction than 'class', but it must not have anything to with either one being something the lower-level computer architectural abstractions 'know about') What are the Rails applications OSX ships with? I have never heard of or noticed this before. If people don't know the difference between diesel and gasoline, is a note that says "Note: Diesel is not the same as Gasoline" going to help? Doubt it. The assertion is that 'configuration creep' is overwhelming for the unsophisticated user in the first place, adding even more notes and explanations to all the configuration options is not going to help. If they don't know the difference between diesel and gasoline, how do they know if the one they want is "diesel" or "gasoline"? But, yes, clearly, the goal is removing configuration until the app does one thing well, not badly. > Can you give an example of an auto insurance company that is a non-profit? I couldn't find any. Perhaps you mean a mutual insurance company? Aren't mutual's non-profit? They aren't trying to extract a profit for investors or other owners, but just need to charge enough to pay business expenses (including salaries, as well as the main expense of an insurance company, paying out claims and funding reserves to pay out claims, etc.) USAA mentioned in some other followups is... even weirder than a mutual insurance company, but it's legal structure is effectively the same as a mutual insurance company. Thanks! And thanks for puma. I think I actually probably DIDN'T give quite enough time to give enough window to even out the env -- I generally only ran each scenario test for around 30-60 seconds (you can see how long each test ran for in the results, it's there in the captured output). Still, by running so many tests and getting _largely_ consistent results, I think it prob averages out into giving us a basic picture, and would be surprised if results weren't basically consistent even if you ran longer. But if someone wanted to re-run it giving dozens of minutes or more to each scenario, hey, you've got my code, heh. It would probably take a day or more to run everything, but such a person wouldn't have to spend the time I took setting it all up if they used my code. > Any thoughts on doing the same thing with Sinatra and/or Padrino? Also do you think rails 4 will make any improvements? I am not familiar enough with either of those frameworks to know if they can do multi-threaded concurrent request dispatch -- if they can, then it'll apply to them too, I think. But I'm not interested in doing the experiment myself. I don't think rails4 fundamentally changes the picture, as far as _comparing_ different app servers. > ~20 reqs per second with barely any concurrency seems so low. Is heroku, ruby or rails the culprit for such low throughput? It may be mostly that I was choosing to model relatively slow apps. With an app that takes 100ms of _cpu time_ to return a response, and 4 cores -- the -theoretical- maximum is only 40 reqs/second, it's not possible for it to get any higher than that. For my own work, my apps don't get a whole lot faster than what I modelled, but others might. But I wasn't really setting things up to look at the actual requests/second numbers -- in what I set up, the relationship between the scenarios is more significant. If you wanted meaningful absolute numbers (or to compare ruby/rails to something else) you'd probably want to test a real app doing real things, not my simulation app. I also think, generally, "requests per second" is not the right number to be looking at -- what you (and the users or clients) really care about is how long the clients spend waiting for a response (at median, and how much variation), right? Maybe, but i'm excited by http://www.typography.com/cloud/the-fonts/ , where they mention that all their fonts have: real small caps; old-style (text) figures; full range of individually drawn (not interpolated) weights; ligatures; even some old-style non-lining symbols like dollar signs. If there are free web fonts that have all those, they are hard to find. (I don't even know how to use old-style figures ordinarily, although I'm not an expert in these things. But they imply that they have some custom (probably hacky cause that's what it would take) solution to some special glyphs "Cloud-typography includes tools for implementing advanced typographic features, and delivering them even to browsers that aren't designed to support advanced typography"; ) But yeah, clearly the market is people who care about things like in that list. Some of which are _very_ rarely seen on the web right now; if this leads to them being seen on the web more, it may increase the number of people who know what a 'non-lining figure' is, and then increase the market of people who want such things. And hopefully increase the number of free fonts that have em too (although you can have all those features and still be a poorly-designed font), as well as lead to actual standard ways to do things like text figures on the web. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Text_figures A related essay recently posted on HN too (not sure how to find the HN comments thread...) http://firstround.com/article/The-one-cost-engineers-and-pro... I posted a showdown of various open source servers that can be run on heroku a few days ago, including puma, which some people interested in this may be interested in: https://github.com/jrochkind/fake_work_app/blob/master/READM... For some reason it didn't get much HN traction. But either it inspired these recent HN posts involving puma, or it's just a coincidence -- either way I'm glad to see puma getting more attention. I think multi-threaded request dispatch (from either puma or passenger enterprise) are often the best way to maximize throughput in a web server with I/O-bound work, as the Java community has been doing for a while. Any implementation details are just minor tweaks compared to just doing multi-threaded concurrent request dispatch in the first place -- so it's no surprise to see Passenger Enterprise and puma performing similarly. i agree with the Phusion essay, that Passenger currently has more robust admin/management/supervision features than puma. I hope puma continues to evolve, inspired by passenger Although these features are not trivial to implement well -- I am very impresed by passenger's feature set, and very robust and reliable performance. But if you want a free/open-source solution, or a solution that it makes sense to run on heroku -- puma is a (and the only) solid concurrent-request-dispatch solution already. It's interesting to compare this to the pre-paid fixed-price education plans that several states did ~20 years ago, with mixed results. You buy in when your kids are children, and are guaranteed tuition will be covered when they are college aged. Some programs have had trouble staying balanced though. http://www.michigandaily.com/content/michigans-education-tru... Thanks. I am personally interested in Passenger and Passenger Enterprise -- I do run Passenger (free version) on several self-managed servers, and am happy with it. There are two reasons I did not include Passenger Enterprise in my benchmarks: 1. As far as I know there is no way to run it on heroku. And I was intentionally benchmarking on heroku. 2. I wasn't going to pay for it just for the purpose of running benchmarks on it. I know what you mean and don't disagree in general.... but for a _web application_ specifically, the picture is quite a bit rosier. A web application doesn't usually share much in-memory state _between requests_ -- especially if we're talking about app-specific code and not framework code. If it does (modify class variables or other global state, etc) -- you've got to eliminate that or make it threadsafe, but that's not _that_ hard to identify. A web application is very rarely going to be doing class-modifying meta-programming _as part of request handling_ (as opposed to on boot, where it won't be a problem). Your actual app-specific code in a web application is highly likely to be MT-request-dispatch safe already, and if not is not too hard to get it there -- and worth the effort because of the extreme throughput increases you can get with an MT-request-dispatch app server. Now, what can definitely be trickier is framework and gem code. ActiveRecord, historically, has had quite a few problems with thread-safety under MT-request-dispatch, off and on (the database connections themselves are the shared state it's tricky to deal with, among other things). But it's gotten a LOT better and should be fairly robust now. I know what you mean about 'cultural reasons', but I think the ruby culture has been gradually changing for a while (jruby has a lot to do with it), and some of us hope is becoming more MT-friendly. But I'm not saying it's trivial or guaranteed problem free, but the potential gains are worth it. (I do run a rails app that uses multiple threads and ActiveRecord.) I think that MOST web apps perform enough I/O to see huge advantages from concurrent request dispatch. Like, say, calls to the database. Most web apps do a significant amount of I/O, they are not strictly web bound. If the request-response loop spends a non-trivial amount of time waiting on I/O -- and most do -- then concurrent request dispatch has huge advantages. I tried to investigate/show that in these benchmarks: https://github.com/jrochkind/fake_work_app/blob/master/READM... (And writing a ruby app to actually work right with evented/reactor-style request dispatch turns out to be way worse than multi-threading, in actual practice. http://www.slideshare.net/KyleDrake/hybrid-concurrency-patte... ) (Your reference to 'blocking I/O' is confusing, I think -- that phrase means different and sometimes opposite things to different people/contexts. But it's not even neccesary to get into it for this discussion, you just mean 'I/O' at all, I think.) “So do you raise the price, knowing they’re going to lower it, so that the price will then appear closer to what you need it to be?" So, Amazon is paying the publisher the wholesale price regardless. Amazon's discounts cut into Amazon's profits, not the publishers -- or even result in Amazon taking a loss. I think this publisher quoted has to tell us why he "needs" the price on Amazon to be a certain amount, when it does not effect how much he gets paid per copy -- the initial naive interpretation would be that if Amazon wants to cut their profits, so presumably more copies sell, while the publisher is still making the same amount per copy -- this would be good for the publisher, no? It is a weird market (with Amazon appearing to routinely sell books at a loss), and is dominated by Amazon, which indeed isn't great for a healthy diverse bookselling market. But publishers are saying some weird stuff, without explaining themselves. I'm not a business person, what does "inside sales" mean, the "inside" part? But I can say as someone with some decision-making input into purchases for an 'enterprise', I _love_ it when I get to talk to an actual dev/engineer. The less I have to talk to a non-engineer salesperson, and the more I get to talk to an engineer, in fact the more likely you are to make a sale to me (assuming your product is actually good). That make sense -- negotiating a higher wholesale price with Amazon, sometimes by raising your retail price cause of Amazon's fixed discount -- but is not what the publisher quoted appears to be talking about. Again, "so that the price will then appear closer to what you need it to be?"" -- he's saying he cares what the retail price shown to customers is. That because Amazon is going to sell at less than his marked retail price, he's going to raise the marked retail price, to raise the price that appears to customers. There might be a reason that matters to his business, but it's definitely not obvious, I wish he'd tell us what it was. He just doesn't want his product to look like it's a cheap bargain product? It never once asks what the truth is At least one more time than what you point out, a more significant time really, did one of the participants raise the question of what the truth is too: "But whether they’re actual stories or fictional stories is really... remains to be determined. But they, they are telling us stories." But yeah, it was a piece about PR and how it's done. Peter Sandman is clearly very good at it. I was somewhat surprised to see some hints that he was sympathetic to 'my' side -- he's the one that raised the question of whether the government was telling the truth above. But it also seems he's quite willing to work for whichever 'side' is paying him; I wonder if he ever would turn down a job because he thought he was doing evil, or if he just avoids thinking about which side is actually 'right', or promoting something harmful or helpful to humanity at large. And likewise, how fuzzy a concept 'independent' is, when you start digging into it. But, yes, everyone has an ideology, it is true. Even people on NPR. Even those with the most mainstream ideologies, where you don't even notice it's an ideology because it's just the status quo -- that's an ideology too. If you think FAIR's analysis is biased by their ideology, that may be. (And to show that about someone requires, well, showing it, not just showing that they have an ideology, as everyone does) But it seems a semantic stretch to claim they are not 'independent' because they are 'ideologically dependent on the progressive left' -- "ideologically dependent", what does that even mean? I think Snowden et al made a mistake with the PR, with regard to what they released first. The "PRISM" stuff, the stuff with specific internet app/service providers, is actually the _least_ troublesome. (And the closest to legal/constitutional, with FISA orders involved and all.) MUCH more troublesome, but receiving MUCH less media attention (such that I don't even know the special program names, they are not 'prism'): * They are recording everything that goes over the internet , by tapping in at major backbones, undersea cables, etc. * They deploy RAT malware to take over and observe targetted person's computer. (Have we been given evidence by Snowden that they do this inside the US and/or to US citizens? I am not certain. Do they get FISA orders/warrants first? I am not sure. Have we gotten info released on the RAT stuff yet? This interview is the first I've heard of it, in fact.) Both of these are WAY more alarming, more significant invasions of privacy, less likely to be legal/constitutional, than PRISM. But PRISM's getting all the attention. I wonder if this was in fact part of NSA/government counter-PR, to make sure PRISM gets the attention and people get burnt out on the story before they get to the REALLY disturbing stuff. Did we really know then that they were tapping into backbones and recording all the bits ? It's possible 'we' did, but I just didn't notice it because I wasn't paying attention and the media didn't make too much of it. I did hear about the immunity thing, but figured that was for individual requests for particular information for particular investigations; it honestly didn't occur to me that they'd record the entire internet, I naively thought that would obviously be unconstitutional and thus not done. If "we" did know that before, then I guess the Snowden leak has been great PR, because I didn't know about it until now! good points. although I'm not sure I'm confident that there is a 'big one' coming 'the one that we will need to act on' (if what we've already gotten isn't it) -- we will see. I am curious to hear more about the RAT stuff. I didn't think it sounded like they did it 'out of sheer boredom', they do it to people they've targetted for investigation. In what numbers, whether targetting computers inside the US or not, etc. -- we do not know, Snowden has not yet released documents so far as I know. The software to take over someone's computer like that exists, and can be used by script kiddies that don't even know what they're doing, to take over and 'own' many people's computers, complete control. Presumably the NSA knows about even more exploits than the easily available hacker-distributed software does. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remote_administration_software http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/03/rat-breeders-meet... So this was just a pre-interview not originally meant for publication; I assume we will be getting evidence and details on these things with documents yet to be released. This is just like a summary preview. But I didn't see any implication in this interview that they were doing it on everyone, universally, by default. Rather, Snowden specifically says this is what happens to a targetted person, he some of the ways you become targetted are "because of a Facebook profile or because of your emails", presumably certain keywords or profile or whatever. Then he says the 'monitoring' which completely takes over your computer is done to 'targetted' people. I too am very curious to learn: How many such targetted people with malware-monitored computers there are, how often this is done; is it done to computers in the US and/or to US citizens; what sorts of suspicion lead to this targetting; what warrants or court orders or other judicial oversight there are on individual monitoring cases; among other things. I am now eagerly awaiting release of documentation or evidence on these issues. In most of the web apps I've written, the majority of the request-response latency is waiting on the database, rather than cpu. I _think_ this is not uncommon? In other contexts, people talk about "non-blocking IO" and "blocking IO" to mean, well, 'blocking IO' is where the process or thread is _not_ put to sleep, it's not being switched out _even though_ it's waiting on IO. For instance, most ruby database drivers used to be broken in this way with respect to multi-threading, but were fixed to be "non-blocking IO", so threads would actually be unscheduled (even in MRI) when waiting on IO. For examples of this use of "blocking IO" vs "non-blocking IO" see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asynchronous_I/O (Ha, look what wikipedia URL did to "I/O"). That usage is pretty common, so I think your different use of 'blocking IO' is confusing. I think that's probably true, but I'm not sure the language of 'dependency' or 'independent' is the right way to talk about it. And I think most shows on NPR also cater to an audience with a specific ideology, and are less likely to present analyses that challenge that ideology. That ideology in the case of NPR, is just a status quo liberal ideology so mainstream that it appears invisible. I do agree that FAIR could be less biased in their analytical perspective though, sometimes. You feel bad about helping to gentrify San Francisco... so you're going to move to Portland and help gentrify Portland instead.... because girls at bars won't judge you as harshly in Portland? I don't think you are wrong to be self-analytical and self-critical about the economic role you play in your city, and possible harm you can cause. But moving to a new city isn't a solution to anything except possibly your ego. Huh, I hope we get that system on OSX too. Okay, why? The title says "Why...", but the author does not offer us a "why". And I don't necessarily disagree, but I was just hoping for an argument as to 'why', as the title promissed. > I just need to know they are somewhere safe for decades to come. The thing about Amazon Glacier... unless they are themselves making more than one copy, and taking hash fingerprints, and storing a couple copies of the hash fingerprints, and using it all to check for bit rot on a regular basis... ...and I don't think they're doing all (any?) of these things... ...then people are sadly going to find that their stuff _isn't_ neccesarily safe for decades to come. One copy on a single piece of media in an Amazon data center somewhere does not actually make for 'safe for decades to come'. Even without getting to format obsolescence... ...do we know, when you store something in Glacier, does Amazon keep multiple copies, or just ONE on some unspecified media? Do they take a hash fingerprint, and compare it to the copy for bit rot corruption? Even without getting to format obsolescence, the strategy of just keeping the bitstream reliably and verifiably retrievable for 'decades to come' is worth discussing. Another presentation making similar conclusions, but with different arguments, that I recently saw on reddit (not sure if it made it to HN). http://www.infoq.com/presentations/web-development-technique... http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/1eiykw/web_deve... (back to me...) I wonder if the pendulum is finally swinging back, to working with the affordances of the web, instead of fighting them. I hope so. This might have an interesting relationship to the rise of mobile. It's still not possible to rival native apps with HTML apps on mobile (a controversial assertion, but one that is 'trending' too) -- so if you ARE building a web app, you've got to actually have reasons to prefer web apps. Even if that's just cost/speed of development. But if you've actually chosen to build a web app, maybe you're more likely to want to work within the web instead of fighting it. If you don't like the architecture of the web, you could have just written a native app instead. This is the third or fourth post I've seen lately on "use the architeture of the web, don't fight it with client-side JS apps." I consider it a welcome swing of the pendulum. The “level 0” solution is to periodically fetch each feed, parse it, diff it and hopefully find something new. Um, less solutions to this exist, but they are much simpler than 'PubSubHubbub or RSSCloud'. And don't require any changes to RSS. You are requesting this thing over HTTP. You (and the server delivering the feed) simply need to use standard HTTP caching headers. etags, last-modified, etc. No need to fetch the XML and parse it and diff it. It leaves the _future_ behind too. Or a less paradoxical way to say that. In 15 years, I bet I'll still be able to listen to my mp3s, no problem at all. If I still have some CD's I haven't ripped, I bet I'll be able to rip them without too much trouble, even 15 years from now. I'll probably still have my turntable and be able to play my vinyl, even. Will I be able to listen/play to Bjork's app/album in 15 years? If you prefer sass, there is a maintained bootstrap-sass port too. It works out fine, less and sass are pretty much feature equivalent these days, it's a simple port. https://github.com/thomas-mcdonald/bootstrap-sass (You don't have to use it as a ruby gem, you can just download the source same as you do original less bootstrap, if you want) Huh, everyone I know switched to `brew` as an OSX package manager and never looked back. I've been quite happy with `brew`. I'm curious to see how this works out in the future too. Emulating an NES (15 years ago, woot!) is a LOT more technically straightforward than emulating either a Wii or iOS. But in 15 years, will emulating 2013 iOS seem about the same level of challenge as emulating an NES today? I honestly don't know, but we will find out. Are you familiar with how HTTP caching headers work? From an etag in the header, you can tell if the current remote resource is identical to the one you have locally or not, without any fetching/parsing/diffing. Same with from a Last-Modified header, right? In fact, you send a conditional GET rather than first retrieving only a HEAD and then deciding whether to continue with a full GET, but either way you aren't fetching/parsing/diffing to tell if there's new content. So which is easier, getting servers to fix them to be reliable, or getting everyone to change to a new json pubsubhub whatever thingy, that they'll probably do unrealiably anyway too? It's true because it's funny. This isn't in fact news, it has long been known that there is no scentific/medical 'crack baby' phenomenon, as documented in the wikipedia article. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prenatal_cocaine_exposure What's perhaps more important to talk about is the demonstrated harm of poverty and violence on children. Selfish? I don't get it. Wait... you're assuming the alternative to the practice suggested in the OP is spending a lot of time focusing on instruction? (Of _undergrads_?) I think you are misunderstanding the 'typical' approach to tenure-track career. I can assure you that the majority of people doing the "80 hour" work weeks are not focusing on teaching. While the OP didn't mention really mention teaching, I would honestly assume the the author spends as much or more time on instruction/teaching, and does as good or better by her students, than the 'typical' workaholic junior tenure track faculty. The workaholics are not spending spending 80 hours a week because they're spending a lot of time on teaching, I assure you. If you want to keep it up, you should contact a lawyer. It _may_ indeed be illegal under the DMCA to distribute. Or it may be legal, as there are some exceptions for reverse engineering etc. Nobody here knows. Heck, even a lawyer might not know, but a laywer will know your level of legal risk and possible expense. A lawyer can give you legal advice. That is a lawyer's job. You do not need to wait until you are sued or prosecuted to get advice from a lawyer. They say "we consider Snaphax to be an unlawful circumvention device under 17 U.S.C. § 1201(a)(1)." They are implying he would be subject to lawsuit and/or criminal prosecution if he keeps distributing the software. How likely is that to happen? How risky is it for the guy? How expensive might the defense be, and how much pain might this be for a weekend project? I'm not really sure. But you know what class of people are expert at answering questions like that? Lawyers. But, sure, if the poster want to keep it up anyway cause you think it's bullshit and are willing to see what they do next, certainly that's another option. It's potentially a brave and commendable one. But I wouldn't do it because a bunch of people on HN who don't know what they're talking about told me that since they didn't use some special magic words in the letter, there's "nothing a lawyer can do", what? Regardless of who is in the right, their letter was more professional and polite than this OP response. The author is mistaken to think this is a pushy or aggressive letter, compared to an actual pushy or aggressive legal letter. PS: In the U.S. (if not the rest of the English speaking world?), if you want to use an honorific for a woman but don't know which she uses, always use "Ms.", never ever "Miss." "Miss" implies a woman is unmarried; "Mrs." implies that she is married and the surname is her husband's; "Ms.", appropriately for professional communication, makes no assumptions about her marital status. I realize that the actual correct solution, in the opinion of those in the discussion, is new algorithms involving dynamic adjustment of buffers and such (over-simplification, I'm sure). But in the meantime, is there any way a broadband internet customer can somehow manually adjust the buffers on their router? Using the netalyzer tool they mentioned, it suggests that my buffer is much too high (and I am indeed been having horrible network performance lately). "We estimate your uplink as having 4300 ms of buffering. This is quite high, and you may experience substantial disruption" I hadn't seen "Miss" in a while, until I saw it in the OP. Very unprofessional, yes. I agree it's a problem without an easy solution. It's not just a problem with python, it's exactly the same thing with rubygems (where it's been getting similar discussion, especially after a rubygems vulnerability a few months ago). But: The elephant in the room when talking about package signing is what exactly we are trusting. I think it's actually relatively clear. When I install "rails", I want to know that it really did come from the "rails team", and not from a third party man in the middle. That's the most that can be expected, and that's sufficient. There's no way to technologically ensure that the rails team itself isn't intentionally including malware in their release. And of course no way to technologically ensure that the release doesn't have bugs or vulnerabilities. The goal is just ensuring the release is really from who it says it's from. Which is of course hard enough already, for the reasons dealt with in OP, and because who is "the rails team" exactly anyway? As the OP says, if the same organization -- and even likely the same _server_ -- is being the certificate authority and distributing the signed releases.... > However in this model if someone is able to send you a malicious package they are also likely able to send you a malicious key. If you have dozen of cars or dozens of houses, I would think you are being just as excessive and profligate as tptacek thinks you would be with dozens of fonts. :) Moreover, like an expensive suit (note: I don't own one of those), there is little intrinsic utility in a premium font I actually agree with your point about "okay, so buy two good fonts instead of dozens of crappy ones' -- but I disagree there is little intrinsic utility in a high-quality 'premium' font. A better font will make the work that uses it more readable and intelligible. It adds _utility_, not just beauty, to the text that uses it. Well, the first question is if a better font text more readable. The next question is how you identify a better font, and if most $99 fonts are better than most free fonts or not. Certainly there are going to be some crappy $99 fonts, and perhaps a couple good free fonts, sure, the price isn't a guarantee. WebObjects is kind of like Rails, but 20 years earlier. (Seriously, it's actually very similar to Rails, in it's bones. I don't know if dhh had seen WebObjects, or they just both had seen some smalltalk mvc framework) They inherited it from NeXT, and it seriously was really ahead of it's time originally. Hell, it was a technically competent and competitive web framework through, oh, 2002 or 2004, maybe even a few years after that. (Can you tell I used to develop for it?) But it ended up not being a market Apple wanted to be in, selling a web development framework, and it didn't get much attention, it withered on the vine. (Even if it had... 20 years of legacy is not good for a web framework, it would probably still suck by now -- and who wants a proprietary rather than open source web framework, if they can avoid it?). But they kept using it internally anyway long after they stopped marketting it or selling it externally. Anyhow, it's really hilarious if the legacy WebObjects part of Apple's web infrastructure are actually the parts that are still up . Hilarious in a pleasant way for those of us who used to use and love WebObjects back in the day. If you don't yet have XCode though... out of luck? Man, I'm glad I bought and setup my new mac two weeks ago, and not one week ago. do you really hate to say it? > If the application can control the whole stack, then the application author can fix it. You are right, but the other point is that it becomes the application authors responsibility to fix it. If you're bundling apache httpd with your app, and there's a security flaw and a new version released, it becomes your responsibility to release a new version of your app with the new version of httpd. If there are 1000 apps doing this, that's 1000 apps that need to release a new version. Instead of the current common situtation, where you just count on the OS-specific package manager to release a new version. Dozens of copies of httpd floating around packaged in application-delivered VMs is dozens of different upgrades the owner needs to make, after dozens of different app authors provide new versions. (And what if one app author doesn't? Because they are slow or too busy or no longer around? And how does the owner keep track of which of these app-delivered VM's even needs an upgrade?) There are no longer any install DVD's for most macs, which don't come with optical drives anymore. > But I really think the law is there for people who go overboard sending terabytes-per-hour with some crazy successful business. What law? You mean the term in Google's contract with it's subscribers that prevents servers? That's not a law. If they wanted to limit servers to a certain bandwidth, or to say you can't use their connection for a business that charges money -- why wouldn't they just put that in their contract instead? It's their contract to write how they like. What they liked was to prohibit all 'servers', rather than what you suggest they meant to do. Maybe their lawyers made a mistake, you should let them know. is it just me who has this pop up ads that don't allow reading of the article? No way. What you forget is that once they bust it -- then they've REVEALED that they have the capability to do that. Once they've revealed that, then people take account of it, and it becomes harder for the NSA to monitor them. Half of the signals intelligence game is keeping your capabilities secret, so you can keep monitoring the signals, rather than have your target change their game. That is to say, if they can get into Silk Road, then they probably ARE already monitoring everything that happens on Silk Road, and they'd rather it stay UP so they can keep monitoring the people on it (being very careful never to reveal that they can monitor it), then bust it so the people go elsewhere. > I don't use many metaphors, and I know my writing comes off as very dry. So I'd like to get better at whatever skill or mindset that lets me spice up my writing, rather than my writing plodding dutifully along its lackluster course without any flair in presentation. You realize talking about "writing plodding dutifully along its lackluster course" was a metaphor, right? Writing doesn't really plod down courses, only animate actors do that. And you, the writer, weren't _actually_ plodding down any tracks either (unless you were writing on your iphone while plodding down some course somewhere). METAPHOR, MAN! Might be a bit of a mixed metaphor when you switch to "flair in presentation." Oh, and talking about 'spicing up' writing is another metaphor, although maybe a kind of tired trite one. After attending the closing arguments, I wrote an article: http://indyreader.org/content/thoughts-attending-bradley-man... The prosecution claimed that using wget was an unauthorized access under the cfaa because, direct quote I wrote down, Manning was: "only allowed to view one document at a time using a web browser." To emphasize how scary hackerish wget was, they said that someone: "could not see wget from five feet away. It is a command-line program...it can run in the background." To talk about how Manning was clearly a hacker, they explained how he: * "used wget to create functionality that did not exist"; * "had to program wget—wget did not have a GUI, therefore it was not as simple as double-clicking" * "had to research how to program wget" (by which they meant forensic evidence that he had consulted the wget man page!!) They also mentioned that there was forensic evidence he had searched google for "computer programming". That's just wget. In addition, they claimed that writing a VBA macro in Excel to bulk download contact info from Outlook was also a CFAA violation, because Outlook didn't offer a mass export function, so writing a VBA macro (in another part of the Office suite!) was a CFAA violation. Yeah, scary stuff. Manning was convicted of the CFAA charge by the judge. The only way you're going to get a presentation of the government's case is from the court transcript; the prosecution isn't writing articles. So the court is not releasing public transcripts, but some people organized to crowdfund an independent court recorder. So here's the prosecution's closing arguments; they are VERY long and repetitive (I was there watching in person, I haven't yet read the transcripts) but burried in here is where you're going to find the prosecution's own presentation of their argument. MOST of the CFAA stuff is probably in the afternoon session, but there might have been a bit at the end of the morning too. (AM) https://pressfreedomfoundation.org/sites/default/files/07-25... (PM) https://pressfreedomfoundation.org/sites/default/files/07-25... try searching for 'wget' in the PM one. i also recommend searching for "VBA", that part was bonkers too. > But as a military soldier they could almost as easily have charged him with simply downloading information without authorization, wget or not. They did charge him with various "mis-use of classified information" violations -- he pled guilty to most of them. The CFAA charge was an additional charge, carrying additional potential jail time, and it's one of the ones he was fighting in court (others he pled guilty to). That's why they were 'bothering with wget', specifically to try and prove the CFAA charge (which he was convicted of) -- it was specifically about 'authorization' under the CFAA, not about COs permission under any rules or regulations related to classified information. And regardless of what you think of Manning, it's the CFAA stuff that's scary for the rest of us computer programmers. Man, talk about risks computer programmers don't usually consider in taking a job on wall street. The law is that simple. Actual practice may not be -- but talking to the cops sure didn't help the guy in this story, did it? It made things worse. A lot worse. But yeah, if the government wants to fuck with you, they can surely fuck with you. Your best defense is getting a lawyer asap and not talking to the cops without a lawyer. Nice, I've often needed this as an initial look at where the slowpoints might be, and hacked my own solution, this will be helpful. I know what you mean, although I'm not entirely sure it's true -- could it be sampling bias, are there lots of passionate anti-Manning articles out there, you just aren't seeing them in the places you are looking? I'm not sure I agree with you that 'news articles' in general have been generally pro-Manning. In general, I think mainstream media has been pretty incompetent at covering this trial, generally ignoring it, and not doing a very good job of explaining it. But, if there really are lots of passionate articles pro-Manning, but hardly any passionate anti-Manning articles... what do you think the explanation is? It could also be that the government's case on the contested charges in particular really was bonkers. It's hard for someone to passionately defend it without seeming like a moron. I do think it's notable that it's the government that decided not to make transcripts of this theoretically public trial available. The only reason you even have access to the prosecution's closing argument is because pro-Manning folks funded their own freelance court reporter. It is a mystery to me why Rails.logger _takes away_ the timestamping that default stdlib Logger adds by default usually -- and further than this, makes it harder to customize the Rails Logger output than it should be (or has Rails finally fixed that?) what the heck is/was Work For Pie? I can't figure it out from the blog. Or is that what it was, just a blog? I'm not sure I agree with the implication that the 'positive' campaign of Febreeze was somehow more ethical or polite than the 'negative' one for deodorant -- -- both of them convinced masses of people that they needed a consumer product that nobody previously thought they had any need for. There are ethics-of-marketting implications there worth discussing, but the OP doesn't really get into them, and they don't differ depending on whether you 'go negative or positive', these were really both essentially the same 'path to success'. There are many good reasons to sue him... but, in theory, in the US you can't send someone to jail for a simple breach of contract or violation of corporate policies about OS, or even breach of an NDA or non-compete (neither of which he had). adding random amount of bytes to response may break your caching, in a variety of ways. My OSX chrome definitely stores passwords in OSX Keychain Manager. Is that like a special setting or plugin I activated and forgot, not just what it always does on OSX? Or wait, am I somehow wrong? It sure looks like it's storing passwords in keychain manager, in that all of my website passwords are there in keychain manager. What the heck is the 'chocolate factory'? update okay, so the whole article was fictional. That explains some of that. But does not leave me any happier about it. -------------- It sounds like an interesting protocol/app, which I hadn't heard of before -- and which this article told me just about NOTHING about. "More importantly the NSA is screaming bloody murder" Really? Citation please? And maybe a link to an actual software or project page? And some summary -- or just a LINK to an explanation -- of what makes OMS more secure than email? I know that Medium is a collection of posts from different authors--but sadly, this is what I have come to expect from medium. Their 'brand' is becoming, in my mind, 'content farm'. There was a great article on civil forfeiture in recent New Yorker. http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2013/08/12/130812fa_fact_... I my mind, there are only two kids of HTTP transactions: Those that can be repeated over and over safely, and those that can't. you have to delete local storage too. Because even if "nobody" knew who leaked, the US government would probably find out. And if "nobody" else knew, he'd be disappeared by now. Things have changed a lot since deep throat. As Daniel Ellsberg (from around the same era) wrote, they let him _out on bail_ while waiting for a trial. http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/daniel-ellsberg-nsa-l... Back when the US government assassinating people without trial might actually outrage the public enough to cost politicians their jobs. Times have changed. The "he did it to be famous" thing is exactly the story the government is trying to tell about Manning too, and it's entirely incredible in both cases, just doens't make any sense. Who puts themselves at risk of life imprisonment or death (judicial or extrajudicial) just cause they want to be famous? It doesn't even make any sense. The letter quoted from the NSA doesn't ever say the word 'copyright', it says "intellectual property rights." I was curious based on the initial headline, because in general, under US law, things created by the federal government are not under copyright. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyright_status_of_work_by_the... Although things created by contractors might be. Anyhow, the takedown letter, as usual for this sort of thing, is very vague about exactly what 'intellectual property rights' the complainer holds are being violated, making it even harder to judge if their complaint is justified. At least as quoted in the OP. Who knows. Not to mention: If you get value from Adaptive Multimedia Streaming then pay for it. Why should they necessarily provide you value for free? That argument applies to the software as a whole, not just to a particular feature, right? Isn't it just an argument against open source in general? rather than getting behind the ethos of what it's actually about What do you think is the ethos of what open source is actually about? I think part of it is indeed about sharing things with others for free, isn't it? If other parts of it are about the ability to see the code you're using, and make changes to it yourself -- you can't do that with the non-open-source part of this (or other) application either, right? I don't have a definite opinion on the nginx model, whether or not it's good for the community, I don't really know. Certainly no developers are obligated to write open source ever, everyone can choose to write proprietary software whenever they want (and sometimes it's good for the community and sometimes it's not). But your argument is silly. I write this post because I've noticed a sort of "JUST USE BCRYPT" cargo cult (thanks Coda Hale!) This is absolutely the wrong attitude to have about cryptography. Is it? I think, contrarily, thinking you can decide for yourself what crypto algorithms to use how -- is absolutely the wrong attitude to have about cryptography, UNLESS you have spent significant time studying crypto, which most of us developers have not. Following the advice of those who have is absolutely the _right_ attitude to have about cryptography. If the community is giving advice that could be better, then they should improve. But likewise, unless cryptographers can give simple easy to follow and hard to mess up advice -- well, doing so is the only thing that's going to result in secure software. "Always use bcrypt for password hashing" is a great example there, that HAS resulted in more secure software, than when people made up their own hashing algorithms or didn't hash. I attempted to do some generic benchmarking of just this question and found Puma way outperformed Unicorn under heavy load if your request processing are largely io-bound. Didn't get much attention when I tried to post it to HN when I did it a couple months ago: https://github.com/jrochkind/fake_work_app/blob/master/READM... I tried that in my attempt at benchmarking a standardized app on heroku, and, yep, it works great: https://github.com/jrochkind/fake_work_app/blob/master/READM... When I tried to benchmark a standardized app under MRI, I found that Puma works great _if_ your app is io-bound as opposed to cpu-bound. This makes sense because multi-threading is still a win under MRI even with the GIL, only so long as your app is io-bound (so threads can be switched out when waiting on io, for instance waiting on a db query). Most web apps I've worked with tend to be io-bound. https://github.com/jrochkind/fake_work_app/blob/master/READM... Not only is it not mandatory, it's often not even available or very hard to access, today in reality. One causing the other is not the only possibility. Maybe it's a complete coincidence. Or maybe (keeping in mind that somoene above suggested the correlation has been shown in different countries at different times) -- societies that work to reduce lead also tend to be societies that work on other social issues, and those other social issues reduce crime. So the lead is correlated to crime historically, even though neither causes the other directly. Now, i think the study showing lead/crime correlation is _awfully_ interesting, and I don't dismiss it. But "correlation does not prove causation" does not just mean "B could have caused A instead of A causing B." And this is important to understand in order to evaluate statistical findings properly. There are all sorts of things that can cause correlation rather than either A or B causing the other -- including things nobody's actually even thought of yet, but may still be what happened. And complete coincidence is always possible as well. While designed to make things easier for newcomers -- I think these features are actually some of the biggest culprits in making things _harder_ for newcomers, because they fail at so many edges, and when they do fail, there's so much magic going on that it's nearly impossible for a newcomer (or even an intermediate user!) to figure out what's going on and why. I think the heavy emphasis on auto-loading was a mistake, that someone writing a new framework would be wise to learn from and not repeat. The reloading in dev mode is HUGELY convenient, I have to admit so I have trouble calling it a mistake -- but is also a huge mess when it fails, and does not work under multi-threaded request dispatch. That latter will, I think, become an increasing problem as more people use multi-threaded request dispatch in Rails -- Rails4 has multi-threaded request dispatch on by defualt in production mode. But I think not in development mode, precisely because of the code-reloading problem. But I'm not sure diverging the dev and production environments (violating 12-factor, incidentally) is a good sustainable solution. The word "correlated" means that it is NOT just a complete coincidence. How do you figure? The word 'correlated' means that a relationship has been shown to be statistically _unlikely_ to have happened purely by chance. It can never be shown to be impossible however. And there can (and often are) subtle mistakes in the calculations that mean even the correlation isn't what one first thought. And obviously statistics alone can never prove (or rule out)_ a causation, I think we agree there. I haven't examined the research under discussion in detail enough to know if they controlled for all the things you suggest would be good to control for, etc., I have no idea. But yeah, in the end we use our judgement as to what statistical correlations actually mean (such as a causation, and what sort through what mechanism). We can also do experiments or analysis to try and rule out (or confirm) other plausible alternate explanations. That's science, yep. I think we mostly agree. I still object to what I think was an overly facile implication on your part that a few minutes of thinking of alternate explanations and deciding they are implausible -- on your own without seeing what other people's responses to the study in the literature have been, without an in depth analysis and consideration of the original research -- is sufficient to determine that there's "quite strong evidence" for correlation. That's not science. It is not clear to me that my application fails at realistically simulating I/O (I agree with FooBarWidget below) (and I'm not sure where the word 'fair' comes from or what it means here, that's your word not mine), but I tried to provide as much code and information about exactly what I tested so you could decide for yourself, so fair enough. (I agree that with real I/O, there wouldn't be _exactly_ (eg) 50ms of waiting in every request; it would differ from request to request, and might slow down under heavier load. That's true, but I don't think it matters for what I was trying to test -- I was not trying to test how well a given rdbms can handle load, for instance; I was trying to standardize that, to test the app's performance. My simulation assumes an (eg) 50ms _average_ iowait time, by just assigning every request 50ms of wait. Or instead of 50ms, whatever average iowait you wanted to posit and test, and I tested a few. It is indeed a simulation, but I think it captures the significant things for what we wanted to measure). However! I would very much welcome seeing the results from a test done by you (or anyone else), with an application that simulates (or actually does) I/O in a way that you believe is more realistic and leads to more instructive results. It certainly would be interesting to see if it led to different results than my tests, or not. I suspect it would not (because I think my app is realistically simulating the parts that matter, naturally! but I've been wrong before!) Feel free to fork my code to do so, if my code is a useful starting point for you. Please do share your results! Of course, you could also run tests with some actual real world app as well, instead of an app simulating a real world load in a standardized way like I used, and see what those results look like. I'd certainly welcome seeing that too! There's certainly plenty of different sorts of tests that could be done. I'd love it if people started doing some of them and sharing their results. I tried to contribute my best effort to that. Ha! I think what might seperate Java lovers from Java haters is whether you consider `maven` to be an asset or a liability! Those who only occasionally use Java when they have to... tend to find maven incredibly confusing to get working properly. "hire developers, use a language those developers are comfortable with." So you can use that method when hiring the first developer. When it's time to hire the second developer, are you looking for only developers that are comfortable with the same languages as the first developer? If so, you are hiring developers based on language, and no longer following your advice. If not.... then you get a bunch of developers comfortable with different languages, and now what? Often the answer might be "good developers can learn to be effective at any language." Which while on the whole (if not always) true, nevertheless only sometimes works for an enterprise (sometimes you don't have time to wait for them to learn it). But even so, now that turns into different advice: Hire your first developer, have her use a language she's comfortable with, then hire subsequent developers that either already know that language or are capable of learning it, and have them learn it. Which doesn't sound quite so obvious as your original advice, although it's not neccesarily an unreasonable approach. I don't understand what you mean by "ruby needs RubyGems and Bundler to compete with maven." Sure, and Java needs maven to compete with RubyGems and Bundler. ? Oh wait, you think it's significant that on ruby it's two cooperative tools with two different names, compared to one tool on Java? I don't see how that matters too much in practice. (But it does, in real life, is it really just maven, or is it maven, and definitely ant, and maybe ivy too? heheh.) I will admit that I find bundler a lot easier to use than maven, but I'm definitely a rubyist more than a javaite. I _think_ that someone who only occasionally needs to use ruby will find bundler easier than someone who only occasionally needs to use java will find maven. But maybe that's just my own prejudice, I could be wrong there. The OP is written like he thinks he just made up the idea of applying the phrase 'cargo cult' to IT. Nope, it's got a long history. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cargo_cult#Metaphorical_uses_of... It's also not clear that the story told about the 'primitve' folks and their weird mistaken beliefs is actually a historically accurate one. Which the wikipedia article also addresses in part. I find a blog post that just regurgitates the 'cargo cult' metaphor as if the author had invented it, and also without doing any research into the accuracy of the actual story he's telling about "Papua New Guinea" -- to be kind of insulting to the reader, and lazy on his part. Yeah, it probably would lead to less bugs and easier to follow documentation if they were joined, but such is open source sometimes. And it ends up being not a huge problem in practice, I think. Don't people similarly often use ivy _with_ maven, as an extra layer that makes certain aspects of maven easier? Maybe I had that wrong. And I thought maven use almost always included using ant. Maybe I had that wrong too. So not a java guy. Ah, from the Ivy project's own documentation, sounds like I did have it wrong: > First, the most important difference is that they aren't at all the same kind of tools. Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool, whereas Apache Ivy is only a dependency management tool, highly integrated with Apache Ant™, That does make it seem like maven isn't neccesarily the "do one thing and do it well" tool you were suggesting it was though! That might be more what ivy is trying to do? It's not just PHP, if you're stuck in Rails 2 (let alone somehow Rails1?! ) you're going to have similar problems. It is a problem -- I have apps that i only barely got upgraded from rails 2 to 3 before 4 came out. Hopefully upgrading to 4 won't be as much of a nightmare... but I'm still procrastinating it, even though I know if I wait too long to do it it will just get worse. It seems gauche to insult Rails for being bloated, while bragging that you can write your own framework in 43 lines of code -- while using ActionDispatch::Routing::RouteSet, a fairly complicated, very powerful, part of Rails which takes way more than 43 lines to express. (735 lines, not counting any of it's own dependencies inside Rails. https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/master/actionpack/lib/ac... ) Sure, you wrote your own framework in 30 minutes -- by using a part of Rails which many many developer-hours have gone into, over many calendar years. ( https://github.com/rails/rails/commits/master/actionpack/lib... history stops at rails3 four years ago, when they moved the router from one project to another... the actual history goes back further) Rails may arguably be bloated, but as of Rails3 it's also amazingly modular and decoupled, allowing you to use just the parts of it you want. And OP thought the Router was awesome enough to want to reuse it. At least give it the credit it deserves, for that, when you're using Rails to write a framework you say shows how Rails is awful! There was certainly a time that people wrote assembler, and even machine code, directly. People of course still do write assembler directly (but not as much as they used to!), but I don't think many have written machine code directly for a while. (Maybe for some specialized hardware?). But yeah, it's good to note that this underlying sort of vm code wasn't intended to be written by humans... but I wouldn't say the customers were wrong, exactly, to successfully use it to do high business value things with the product they were locked into, that they couldn't otherwise. It does make one think how happy the customers would have been if the vendor had provided an actually intended fleible scripting or 'macro' language, and then to think about the aspects of the market that still didn't lead to the vendor doing so. It's good to be reminded how many employed programmers don't actually know how to program. Actually, I'm not quite sure why or whether it's good to be reminded of this. Maybe it's better to try and forget it. In a pre pip/rubygem auto-installer world, this would have been one package that had the 26 dependencies embedded as modules inside it. You wouldn't have known they were unless you looked at the source code. You also wouldn't be able to update them independently, you'd get updates when a new release of the original thing was available that included embedded updates. Would this make you feel more like you knew what was installed on your system? Would you have felt the need to look at the source code, including the source code for any embedded dependencies, in, say, a 'vendor' or 'lib/dist' directory or something? What are the plusses and minuses of each approach? There are some plusses and some minuses either way. After considering them, do you still have a problem with the 'new way' of doing things, where a program might install along with explicit dependencies via pip (or rubygems in ruby) separated out in a different place in the file system, vs. embedded/bundled dependencies? What's silly? Thinking that when the NSA finds vulnerabilities in public software or algorithms, they keep them to themselves instead of advertising them? What, of course they do, it's silly to think they'd advertise them! That's their job. Feature X is neither the worst thing in the world it's ridiculous that Android did it! Nor is it an unallowed good, it's completely ridiculous that iOS didn't immediately o it! (as whatever the opposite of apple fanboys would have said; hateboys?) Rather, it's a feature with some negative repurcussions as well as benefits, some possible tradeoffs. Apple, for better or for worse, these days, esp on iOS, generally chooses not to jump into such features right away. They wait until they can expend the developer time on them to consider all the trade-offs and all the choices and different decisions that could be made in implementing that feature. And then they spend that time, and try to implement the feature in a way that minimizes downsides, maximizes upsides, and minimizes technical debt too. Doesn't mean they always get it right. And this strategy itself, even when gotten right, has it's own pro's and con's -- there are certainly reasons, especially for hackers, to prefer Android's wild west over Apple's walled garden. But there are evaluations that are neither "Android was stupid to implement it 5 years ago" nor "Apple was stupid NOT to implement it 5 years ago." Nice passive voice, 'been told'. Who told you that? Do you have an example of an actual person telling you that 'for years', and that same person is now telling you different? If so, then, clearly, they changed their mind, sure. I doubt that 'everyone' did though. For me, there is no 'best' or 'list' link at the top of the page. Only if I go directly to the URLs for best or list, do those links get added to the nav bar. Normally the nav bar is just: > Hacker News new | threads | comments | ask | jobs | submit How timely. From todays nytimes: "N.S.A. Foils Much Internet Encryption" http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/06/us/nsa-foils-much-internet... Turns out the NSA has cracked a bunch of internet encryption, and, yes, they kept it a secret they had done so, as most would expect they would. Until Snowden. You mean ability to push back _technologically_ against the NSA, right? This sort of article makes you think you can't beat the NSA tech, they will outsmart you. What this sort of article does to me (unlike you, I make no claims to know what the article was 'meant' to do, other than report the news) is make it clear that we need to push back against the NSA _politically_ to win, make what they are doing illegal, change the gag order laws, etc. We aren't going to beat them technologically, but (for those of in the U.S.), it's theoretically a democracy, we can tell them to stop. I've seen that argument made before, several times, in essays linked to on HN. It's a political problem, not a tech problem, that the NSA can force corporations to install back doors and give the NSA the keys. Maybe you should reflect on why some people who are not fans of Apple fanboy commentary are _also_ not fans of comments that exist for no purpose except complaining about Apple fanboy commentary, in vague complaints about how "those guys always say this, but look, now they say that!" We are not fans of apple fanboy commentary, AND we don't care. I was prepared to think this was totally unneccesary, but ended up thinking it's actually pretty nice. i have no trouble writing regexes, even quite complicated ones. I probably end up writing a really complicated one once a month or so; but basic ones weekly or daily. I have no trouble writing them. What I have trouble doing, when it comes to very complicated regexes, is _reading_ what I've already written a couple months ago (myself! I pity those who aren't me even more). And even more so, when it comes to complicated regexen, _modifying_ what I've already written to fix a bug or change it slightly for new requirements. A complicated regex meets the requirements for the old joke about 'write-only languages.' Somewhat ameliorated if you use the Perl-originated conventions for insignificant whitespace in a regex, which I _think_ ruby does too now, but I am not sure, cause I never use it, cause I can never remember how it works and never bother to look it up (have you tried looking up docs on ruby regexes on the web? good luck! I have no idea _where_ the official docs, if any English exist, are.) I have no trouble writing regexes. I think every programmer should be comfortable doing so. I think using this tool without understanding regex basics first is a mistake. And I _still_ think this is a kinda neat and potentially useful tool. The OP describes an environment where data goes from node to Rails. If you want to check a string for valid encoding and/or replace bad bytes with replacement char on the _ruby_ end... it's not very obvious how you do that with the ruby stdlib api, and it takes a few tricks to do right. So I wrote a gem for it: https://github.com/jrochkind/ensure_valid_encoding Maybe they can justify thinking it wasn't really a security vulnerability, or maybe they can say, hey, everyone makes mistakes, we didn't realize it was a security vulnerability. But what the heck is the justification for deciding it's a security vulnerability that needs to be fixed only when the guy says he's going to advertise it publicaly? What the hell is that? If he had sold it privately, without telling Google, instead of letting them know he'd be advertising it publicly -- then it still wouldn't be worth fixing? > but couldn't find a better way to do so surreptitiously and effectively without weakening security against foreign attackers as well. Have we seen any evidence that the NSA cares _at all_ about avoiding "weakening security against foreign attackers" in their quest to weak security against themselves as attackers? Aren't they _neccesarily_ weakening security against foreign attackers when they intentionally weaken crypto, which we now know they do? > "In the US, when people talk about non-profits they're usually talking about organizations with the 501(c)3 tax status." Even in the US, there are in fact plenty of other types of non-profits in addition to 501-c-3. 501-c-3 (charitable) organizations have stricter rules than other non-profits, and in return are tax exempt. In this way the 501-c-3/non-profit distinction is analagous to what he describes as charity/non-profit in the UK. The other types of non-profits do (usually) pay corporate taxes, but, similar to what he describes in the US, have no shareholders or owners and pay no dividends. It is true that people don't talk about them as much as they do 501-c-3. For a variety of reasons, people get really excited about the tax exemption thing and try to get 501-c-3. But there are other types of non-profits, it's not strictly true to say "non-profits don't pay income tax and donations are tax-deductible" --- not paying income tax is only true of some types of non-profits, and donations being tax deductible is _only_ true of 501-c-3 non-profits, it's a unique distinction of 501-c-3. I have worked with organizations incorporated as non-profits but not 501-c-3's -- either incorporated as a non-profit under [state law]( http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/ilcs/ilcs3.asp?ChapterID=65&... ), and/or incorporated under other federal [non-profit classifications other than 501-c-3]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/501(c)_organization#Types ). While non-501-c-3 non-profits aren't talked about a lot, they can sometimes make sense. For instance, if you want to take yourself out of the ownership/equity market for reasons similar to OP, but do not meet the IRS requirements for 501-c-3. That is arguably a bug in wordpress. I've, like you, noticed that wordpress seems to change (some? all?) spaces to non-collapsing spaces (not sure exactly what mechanism is used); this article and your comment makes me curious as to why. Is it an explicit attempt to support two spaces after periods? If so, there's a way for wordpress to fix the the bug; leave most spaces alone, but convert two spaces after a period or other sentence ending puctuation (and only there) to a &ensp; or &emps;. But it's hard to say for sure this would be an improvement if we don't know what the heck wordpress is trying to do in the first place with it's odd behavior; i've never seen it documented. I also hadn't known that linotype did/does collapse whitespace (including newlines) too -- the heritage of HTML's similar behavior? > For simple dequeuing, deserialization, execution, and updating stats (as with the Hello worker above), goworker is 80x faster than Resque and 23x faster than Sidekiq. In real world use cases, how often is that kind of overhead a significant portion of total run time, compared with the actual work? If it's a small portion, would that make the speed up fairly irrelevant, does it actually speed up real world use cases significantly? Of course, your actual work payload may be faster too in go than ruby if you know how to write it well. Your conclusions about latency, and being able to restructure things so tasks are much smaller -- make sense. (Potentially; I'd still want to benchmark my own real world app before assuming!) (I am confused with your first paragraph and a half, I think you have some typos in there, or I just don't understand what you're saying. But I understand what you're saying about latency and about being able to restructure tasks to be smaller, thanks.) Nope, not contrary to law -- it turns out the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles for pension accounting are just total bullshit. The GAAP says to assume a totally unrealistic rate of return; then when it's not met, to depreciate those losses over decades. Neither makes any sense at all. If there's any gross negligence going on, it's shared by the entire profession and the Governmental Accounting Standards Board. And there very well may be. Except it's probably beyond 'gross negligence', in the sense that the ridiculous standards served some financial firms and their pocketbooks very well. Not so different than other crazy shit banks and financial firms got away with in the last decade, and nobody's held responsible because, after all, everyone was doing it, so it was 'best practices'! Some accountants have been sounding the alarm about this for years, and been ignored by 'the establishment' until fairly recently, when issues like Detroit made it impossible to ignore. http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=ancIi... (lacking a dateline, but based on a phrase in the article about 'drag on into 2004', appears to be from 2003, 10 years ago) http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2013/07/19/detroit-gap-reveals-i... http://capoliticalnews.com/2013/09/10/pensions-are-still-mak... I agree with you in general, and completely disagree with the guy you're replying to, who doesn't know what he's talking about. However, it's worth pointing out that the idea of national-level bankruptcy isn't _entirely_ meaningless. The other thing the bankruptcy process does is provide an orderly means of distributing what funds are available amongst creditors, directed by a theoretically neutral third party. There is sometimes discussion of creating an inter-national (ie, between nations) bankruptcy process, to make defaulting on national debt a more orderly (and, at least in rhetoric, a more fair and just) process. They haven't gone anywhere for a variety of reasons, and even in proposal it would have to be a pretty different process from ordinary bankruptcy, because indeed sovereign entities are so different in their relationship to debt and financial equity than non-sovereign entities as you note. (And possibly because the idea of the _liquidation_ of a nation state has rather terrifying implications for democracy, but I don't think that actually puts much pause in the those who run things.) (And, then, as you mention, there's the fact that the US's debt is in it's own currency; AND most of our creditor's debts are in _our_ currency too. Which puts the U.S. in a unique class of it's own, even among sovereigns. And generally, means nobody anywhere actually wants the U.S. to 'pay its debt'.) When I was a child, there was some promotion with general mills cereal and free airline tickets for children. We had a basement full of a year's supply of cheerio's, because my parents calculated the amount of cereal they had to buy was still significantly cheaper than the ticket would have cost, at that point, for our yearly visit to the granparents in florida. Well, stop charging for their content _or_ stop trying to get in google results. The second one would destroy their business as much as the first though, yeah. But yes, trying to get paywalled results high in google results is mistreating users (or, rather, mistreating the public at large; most of those people weren't their users (yet, they hope!)). So is trying to trick people into thinking the results are paywalled when they are not. That's mistreating em too. Yes, they had a business model that required them to a) get on google results so people would click and visit them, and then b) make those people pay (or _think_ they had to pay) to see what they clicked to see. Yeah, they didn't arrive at this out of a desire to be evil or mistreat users, they were just people trying to figure out how to make a business like everyone else, sure. But what they ended up with, at one point, was a business that required mistreating the public. shrug. Well, sure, it may be that a competitor engaged in some highly negative marketting against them, and I can see how that would be annoying if you were them. But are you really surprised that their strategy made the public mad? If someone clicks on a google result, that looks like it's going to give them an answer to their question -- only to find that they have to pay to get the answer (whether that's true or whether you've tricked them into thinking that) -- are you truly surprised they would consider that mistreatment? you think it was only a competitor that convinced people to consider that mistreatment? There's a reason that Google requires that the content shown google -- which ends up in the google results summary/excerpts -- is the same content shown to the public. Because people get really mad and feel mistreated when it's not. If the content was 'really' there just hidden to make someone think it was paywalled -- maybe that helps you technically get around Google's rules (that's between you and Google), but it obviously won't make people any less mad about it (to the extent it works anyway). No, I've never heard of that, thanks! So wait, now that I've read up on these, you're suggesting that it's not treating people poorly to send them spam... because most of them will never see your spam becuase they have effective spam filters? Wait, why would you want to send something that you know nobody will ever see because of their highly effective spam filters? Yes. And he's not the first one to say this. There was a post saying the exact same thing about a year ago, maybe even on HN? But, yes, just yes. (I'd go even further and say "why rspec when you can test::unit/minitest? especially for Rails since the minitest path is officially supported by rails." Again, the extra layer of stuff is just more stuff to understand and troubleshoot when your tests aren't working as you'd like -- for unclear benefit.) You weren't the first: https://www.relishapp.com/ What's the major benefit of having those 5 or 10 things be cucumber/gherkin, instead of straight rspec? (or straight minitest!) What are the costs of having to understand and maintain code written using a seperate little technology stack (cucumber) for just 5 or 10 scenarios? Okay, you sort of answer that: " I think Cucumber is just nice in that it encourages you to write it out in human terms." Okay. If it's worth the cost to you to do this. You could also, of course, just write things out in human terms in comments above the 5 or 10 tests written in rspec or whatever. Did they disbelieve it went smoothly as you described, or did they lack confidence in your conclusion that the _reason_ it went smoothly was because of the particular tools chosen? i am frustrated by the number of restaurant websites that simply _don't work_ on iOS at all. Like you can't even look at a menu or figure out the hours. Of all the websites I look at, restaurant ones are the most likely to fail horribly on mobile. I guess it's because restaurant owners/managers 'buy' a website from a small contractor, and what they look for and are willing to pay for is something that looks 'pretty' -- lots of flash, lots of big graphics, etc. What's the relationship between the switch from 'cloud' hosting to your own boxes; and the switch to FreeBSD? What does one have to do with the other? Sometimes it's flash, sometimes it's something else. I don't always spend time debugging/diagnosing exactly what it is, I'm not at work! I doubt that restaurant owners are thinking "So my customers can't see my website? I don't care, it's because they picked an Apple device and everyone knows Apple devices are shitty!" Um, what? And do you really hate saying it? interesting that debian and perl have come to the same impasse as debian and ruby. This article doesn't do a very good job of stating it's thesis: The ansible version is no fewer lines than the shell script version; but requires you to understand ansible and how it works. It doesn't seem preferable to me, from this example. Note, I don't need to be convinced of the benefits of configuration management in terms of reproducibility and reliability. I'm just saying the OP's examples don't really make the case it suggests they make, of showing how ansible is so much easier than shell scripts. It does not appear to be. A ~2.5 hour delay that effected ~1% of messages -- I've never had a mail provider so perfect that a delay of a couple hours didn't very occasionally happen. As far as their telling us, the failure didn't cascade causing their queues to fill up and other horrible things to happen. As far as we know, no mail got bounced, no mail got dropped on the floor and lost permanently, etc. A 2.6 second delay isn't even worth mentioning, how could one even tell the difference between a 2.6 second delay due to a problem on google's side, or routine problems in the email network outside of google that could easily lead to a second delay or whatever. Did people really get upset about this? Was it worse than it seems because of details they are ommitting? Are they preemptively advertising how well they dealt with this barely-a-problem-noticeable-to-users problem, because the message is really "see, look how damn stable gmail is, our worst problem ever is barely noticeable"? Or, what? Maybe those 1.5% of messages were all to the same users, so some people had no delay, and some people had ALL their mail delayed a couple hours? That would make it more noticeable. But in general, occasional (like once a year or less) couple-hour mail queue delays should probably be expected from any mail provider, no? > Next you have to “lift” the print. This is the realm of CSI. You need to develop the print using one of several techniques involving the fumes from cyanoacrylate... Hmm, other people seem to have demonstrated an 'attack' that uses ordinary photography to capture the print, and a much simpler process to reproduce it than the one described in OP too. Here's an article about that: http://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2013/09/22/german-... (An article about those germans was posted on HN a few days ago is how i know about it, not sure if it was this same article) OP may be right that TouchID is an appropriate level of security for many users/usecases. All security is tradeoffs, none is unattackable. But OP seems to be over-estimating the amount of work it takes to reproduce the fingerprint, according to the Germans. Additionally, if phones locked only with TouchID become common, I would expect criminal networks to develop and share standardized processes and devices to do it, lowering the barrier further. Read past the first screen, and you'll see they acknowledge that and try to account for it in a series of additional normalized graphs later on. In-copyright but out-of-print books from the 20th century aren't completely unavailable or lost to us; you can borrow many of them from public or university libraries. However, with ebooks replacing print books, libraries will increasingly be unavailable to fill that role. There are both legal and technical (but mainly legal) reasons that libraries can't hold on to ebooks and lend them out, lacking explicit permission from publishers, like they can with print books. On the other hand, maybe ebooks won't go "out of print", due to significantly lower marginal costs of production? I am definitely not confident of that though; as any software developer knows, there certainly are costs associated with maintaining a software product working 'forever'. Ebooks won't be immune from this, and I have no doubt that some will go 'out of print' when publishers do platform migrations, or when the consumer environment changes and new formats and packaging methods are needed, etc. I don't understand why you say the article did not acknowledge it. From the article that's linked here: > But this isn't a totally honest portrait of how many different books are available, because for books that are in the public domain, often many different editions exist, and the random sample is likely to overrepresent them. "After all," Heald explains, "if one feeds a random ISBN number [into] Amazon, one is more likely to retrieve Milton's Paradise Lost (with 401 editions and 401 ISBN numbers) than Lorimer's A Wife out of Egypt (1 edition and 1 ISBN)." He found that on average the public domain titles had a median of four editions per title. (The mean was 16, but highly distorted by the presence of a small number of books with hundreds of editions. For this reason, statisticians whom Heald consulted recommended using the median.) Heald divided the number of public-domain editions by four, providing a graph that compares the number of titles available. Then, yet another chart, that tries to normalize by percentage of books published in that decade still available.... > But even this chart may understate the effects of copyright, since the comparison assumes that the same quantity of books has been published every decade...Heald and his assistants were able to arrive at a pretty good approximation by relying on the number of titles available for each year in WorldCat, a library catalog that contains the complete listings of 72,000 libraries around the world. He then normalized his graph to the decade of the 1990s, which saw the greatest number of titles published. ha, I think I got a copy of the Big U the same way! It's actually a decent book, I don't know why he won't let it be reprinted. Verified. But the blog post OP cites provides some convincing evidence that they were gone for at least a moment last July. http://googlesystem.blogspot.com/2013/07/google-alerts-drops... I guess they changed their mind and brought them back? Weird. > The things which i still don’t understand.... Is my privacy is more important than my user experience or happiness of the service ? Even if i want them to tell what really happened ? Well, yes. It is completely appropriate that they aren't going to discuss your logs and other private details in public without your permission. You don't understand that, for real? They have no obligation to discuss your case in public at all, although it might be wise for them to do so and explain themselves, if you are generating lots of bad feelings for them. (They do, I'd agree, have an obligation to discuss your case with you and tell you why they closed your account. It's not really clear to me if they did so; it kind of seems like they did so, something to do with DDoS.) Refinements, why, matz, why? In a large complex program with many dependencies, they are going to make debugging an nightmare, figuring out where the method you were calling is actually defined. And lead to weird hard to diagnose bugs where you call a method with a differnet definition than you expected. And the use cases that justify refinements is entirely large complex programs with many dependencies, right? They're supposed to actually _reduce_ bugs and debugging challenges from monkeypatching... but nobody seems to actually think they do except matz. Is _anyone_ who works on well-known large complex programs with many dependencies -- actually on record as supporting refinements, subsequent to the analyses that showed what a mess they'd become? Why, matz, why? Oh man, I do and don't want to see the efficiency and carbon-output per joule generated of this device compared to actual grid energy. Not to mention particulate air pollution. Although it will depend on what you are using for the source of your 'fire', it's not gonna look good. This is a weird idea. Heheh, if I move to Des Moines, and press the 'retrieve' button on the website, will they still deliver for $29? I won't use refinements, but if open source code I'm using uses them, I still get to debug them. Yes, yes, I know, I can analyze any open source code before using it and not use it if it uses refinements, or I can simply never use any Not Invented Here code at all. I can do many things, it is indeed a wonderful free country. Why can't get the 'best config for security' be default out of the box on nginx and apache httpd? That's the only way we're actually going to have a secure web, ain't it? Some of the audience here hasn't heard of you before, and doesn't know what Outpost does or what kinds of data are available, and the linked page doesn't really say, or even have obvious links to find out. Seems like someone should invent a way to easily get automatic updates to your ssl config in apache and/or nginx. I know I'm not the only one with half a dozen, a dozen, or dozens of web servers I am responsible for -- who realistically isn't going to keep track of what the current consensus is and go updating the ssl configuration even every six months. Nobody cares about unicode? I couldn't write web software that deals with non-ascii, and especially non-Latin, alphabets without paying attention to Unicode. When I start getting into weird edge and corner issues -- I am continually amazed that Unicode works as well as it does. It turns out modeling alphabets is way more complicated than you might think. And Unicode gets an amazing amount right, making it practical to do things robustly correct. Including not just the character set and encodings, but things like Unicode collation algorithms. A bunch of really smart people have worked through a bunch of different non-trivial problems of dealing with diverse alphabets, and provided solutions you can use that pretty much just work, bug-free. I think I've seen some people argue that it's not a coincidence that the development of computers happened in a culture with a small phonetic(-ish) alphabet, that this facilitated the development of computers. To me, that sounds both rather too teleological, and plausible. In the OP, the first example he used was of 'pro-palestinian propagandists', which made me think like you, but as I read more, most of his examples are actually of misdeeds by 'pro-Israel' propagandists. I suspect he's actually partial to the Palestinian side, actually, although he tried to use examples from both partisan sides to paint a general picture of propaganda on wikipedia. (Disclosure: I personally believe that Israeli policies and practices toward Palestinians constitute apartheid.) Talking about Israel/Palestine in particular, a book of history was actually published based on that approach: http://www.amazon.com/Side-Parallel-Histories-Israel-Palesti... It is an interesting idea. You may find that book interesting. 16-month-old article on HN home page for why? Well, um, of course not, especially since you need that careful reading and critical thought to identify the propaganda the 'other' side is trying to embed in wikipedia. Naturally. Do you have a minimum amount of time you promise to yourself to spend gazing at ads in print publications too, to give the publishers what you owe them as a consumer? Well, since you asked... MLK was a threat to capitalism, which many powerful people have a stake in. Legally, in the US, the First Sale Doctrine. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-sale_doctrine > What makes a difference is gc pauses. Imho if you can live without managed memory. You can do this in java as well and eliminate gc pauses. Wait, how can you turn off GC'd managed memory in Java, and do it yourself? I didn't know you could do that in Java? I am really dubious that this is really what brought him down. Do you think they really investigated everyone they could find that ever asked a public question about Tor hidden services? If not, what role do you think this evidence played in the investigation? They suspected a few people, but then when they found that one of them had asked this question, and then investigated him more deeply? That seems kinda unlikely to me too. And of course, the lone fact of asking such a question on StackOverflow is not (yet) enough to indict or arrest someone in America. They included this piece in their list of evidence, sure; they included it in their press release, for sure, it makes good press (because it's more understandable than most of their stuff, and because it makes them look good). But I suspect it's really a case of "parallel construction"[1] -- they found this piece of evidence long after they had identified him, in part due to NSA information, but are just pretending it's what tipped them off. [1] https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2013/08/dea-and-nsa-team-intel... > While I don’t support what went on on the Silk Road – the hacking services and illegal gun trading alone made it more like the Wild West than Utopia, not to mention the alleged murder-for-hire plots – I do support its right to exist. No government should be able to shut down a conglomeration of like-minded people who wish to do business anonymously. We cannot judge the pot dealer or the LSD buyer any more than they can judge our habits and predilections. The morality of this can be debated but the right to an anonymous exchange cannot. This makes no sense at all. Why the heck can't the 'right' to an anonymous exchange facilitating illegal activities 'be debated'? Just cause the author says so, apparently. Why does he think no government should be able to shut-down a 'conglomeration of like-minded people' (what?) who want to buy and sell weapons, computer intrusions, and murders? I don't know, he doesn't say, it's just obvious, right? He doesn't 'support' people selling murder on an anonymous exchange, but does 'support' 'the right' to have an anonymous exchange where you sell murder? He thinks you can debate 'the morality' of 'this' (what?), but you can't 'judge' the people doing the thing whose morality you are debating, and in fact apparently can't (can't? ethically?) judge anything that can be described as a 'habit or predilection'? What does all that even mean? It's just nonsense put together into sentences. There might be some ethical defense of Silk Road that makes sense, but that sure wasn't it. This is what passes for thought on the techno-libertarian internet? Really, tech crunch? > The BIIIIIIG problem 5: From HST to ISS - Since it is an alternate and/or future world there is no reason orbits have to as they are today. Wait, are you suggesting they could/would _change_ the orbit of the HST or ISS? That seems... awfully unlikely. (It would be crazy expensive to change the orbit once the thing is up there) On the other hand, of course, there are no more shuttle flights in reality, so, yeah, it's some kind of 'alternate future' (more like 'alternate present'! which I guess is what fiction is, after all). In this version of the present/future, they still fly shuttles, and originally put the HST and/or ISS in completely different orbits than in our actual present. Um, okay, I guess. But really, let's just say there are several major physics inaccuracies neccesary to make the story, but it's still a movie that gets many many of the details of actual astronauts and space equipment right. I think it's funny that after dismissing major physics failures, you get stuck on suit abuse. Hey, in the alternate present of the movie, they obviously invented much stronger suits, right? :) If they've invented a jetpack that somehow has enough propellant for much more delta-v than seems possible, then they can clearly invent a spacesuit that is stronger than seems possible too! (Me what I'm still wondering about but havne't seen comments on, is if there's any plausible scenario where the space debris could be in an orbit where it would collide with them every 90 minutes... this seems unlikely to me even if they stayed in one place, let alone the every 90 minute period that somehow covers both the shuttle and the ISS and the chinese space station!) Laws that appear to be in contradiction with each other, never tested in court -- so, yeah, quite like the US legal situation, right? The answer to "I don't know what I'm talking about, but can I assume..." is always 'no'. See, now you haven't assumed it, you've researched it. But are you saying Google could factor all that... if they took all their servers that they ordinarily use for their business, turned their business off, and instead used them to factor an RSA key? Sure, they could have been prevented. By spending more money. Isn't that always the answer? Creating a website that can handle, well, nearly the entire country, out of the gate, is not trivial. (Facebook etc got to scale up to that level, they didn't need to do it out of the gate). But it also can be done. How? Well, you hire real experts in doing this sort of thing. And you give them enough calendar time, and enough billable hours, to do it right. And you don't give them your own 'business requirements' which contradict their expertise on what's neccesary to make it work. Obviously the government did not do one or more of those things, right? (I will confess that my opinion is not high of the likely expertise level of typical IT government contracting firms.). A bunch of other better articles on it have been posted to HN, but not upvoted enough to make the front page. I too find this surprising, this sort of highly visible large scale web app rollout failure seems like a topic HN would like. Not sure why this one finally made it, heh. Hmm, I'm not sure what you meant, but it does occur to me that, obviously, one has to trust the house to be honest here. I'm not sure there's any way to be sure the house is really paying out the entire pot -- let alone to be sure the house isn't intentionally manipulation the actual market itself! I am not optimistic that they'll get it working by the deadline, sadly. Are you? I mean, let's start admitting that it's _not_ easy to make a site that can handle that level of traffic. It's do-able, but it's not easy. Once they have it handling the proper traffic, only _then_ are they going to start finding out about all the bugs that are actually logic related instead of load/traffic related. Which I'm sure there are plenty of, because all software has bugs, and because the QA for those (including integration with IRS system or whatever?) isn't trivial either, and I'm sure they didn't do any better with it then they did with preparing for the load. > if you've never had to deal with a traffic spike, you probably aren't going to build for the scale issues you will have. One question would be whether they hired people/firms who had had to deal with that level of scale before. I'd assume not. But apparently they hired someone who didn't even know enough to know that they were not qualified to do it. I wonder if the list of available plans is customized, not everyone has access to every plan, and it can't show you the list of plans available to you until it knows who you are. I wonder why most ORM's don't let you turn off lazy loads -- "only fetch when I ask for a fetch, if I try to access something without having asked you to fetch it first -- raise an exception!" Just as an option. This would not be a particularly difficult feature for an ORM to implement. Why would that be? I don't even understand what you're suggesting, why could we assume 'we already know' about a backdoor in a popular product? I agree that paypal's automated communication is bunk, but I don't know if monthly statements are artifacts of the paper world. Anything where I have a regular bill due every month, I'm going to appreciate a monthly statement -- probably an electronic one of some kind. Right? You know my favorite monthly statement? Every month I get an SMS message from AT&T "A $XX.yy bill is due. Reply with '1' to pay from credit card ending NNNN." WOOT! THAT's a monthly statement for the modern world. But really, any business I have an ongoing relationship with them where i periodically need to pay them, I'm going to appreciate a monthly update on what I owe them, sometimes over email. (I'm not going to appreciate a poorly done marketting brochure for things I don't want disguised as a monthly statement) Intersting. But to be picky, let's note that "manually initiated the lazy load" -- there's nothing "lazy" about that load, heh. The "lazy" part specifically means "on-demand, as asked for, automatically." In ActiveRecord, you can quite easily set 'eager loading', which is setting certain loads to batch for efficiency, like you're talking about -- and this can apply to lazy loads (when you lazy load X, ALSO load y and z together, in as few SQL statements as possible), OR to manual loads (right NOW, load x, y, and z together in as few loads as possible). But AR doesn't let you turn off lazy loads, ha. I would assume the NSA has a variety of backdoors they do not share with other law enforcement agencies. It was actually surprising to me that they shared ANY of them. This is how intelligence agencies work -- they want to keep it a secret what they can crack, so the adversary will keep on using it, and they can keep on cracking it. For intelligence purposes. Intelligence is different from law enforcement. Or at least, it used to be. In the US, theoretically the constitution means you can't use secret evidence against someone in court. But of course you can use secretly gathered intelligence for polticial/military/geopolitical purposes. The merging of intelligence and law enforcement is not unrelated to the push to keep more and more legal proceedings secret -- a significant threat to the constitution. With my life? If a security vulnerability would be life threatening, I would not trust anything on the internet, I'd keep it off the internet -- and maybe even keep it off computers entirely. (Although if they can get physical access to my non-internet computer, they can get physical access to hard copy notes too, of course). Yeah, that's hella inconvenient. But not quite as inconvenient as being murdered or disappeared to a torture prison. > For a system which establishes and maintains long-running connections, the initial connection overhead becomes a non-factor, regardless of the encryption strength, but there’s still a rather large performance penalty compared to the unencrypted connection. A theoretical performance penalty, which, in practice, you just right there told us was a non-factor, right? If you are connection pooling. Which you should be. But yeah, in just about _any_ sort of application using SSL, if you're not connection pooling your performance is going to be seriously sunk. I demonstrated the same thing ruby HTTP libraries and SSL here: http://bibwild.wordpress.com/2012/04/30/ruby-http-performanc... MySQL, http, anything -- SSL connection establishing is expensive. If you are making lots of SSL connections, it's going to be expensive. If you can pool and reuse SSL connections, you always always want to, it will make a big difference. Oh yeah, I didn't mean to imply it's not worth pointing out. Only that this is more reminder that if you are using SSL, you are going to lose a lot of performance UNLESS you connection pool. Worth pointing out because a lot of people forget or don't realize, but not really MySQL specific (which is fine). You say it's possible to write a performant solution using MySQL that doesn't pool connections -- sure, if you don't use SSL, right? > it is faster and easier to create a new connection each time. Unless you're creating an SSL connection, right? Did you guys read the same OP I read? Hmm, I'm confused what "non-factor" meant to the original author then! 75% performance penalty is a "non-factor", what? Now I'm just confused. How did people organize an uprising before there was an internet? Or, perhaps, yes, organizing an uprising neccesarily means risking your life. But here's schneier on air gaps for his recommendations against protecting yourself from very powerful attackers. https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/10/air_gaps.html This one is simply not going to be open source at all, they're going to charge for it. So, contrary to some of the discussion here, this icon set is _not_ going to be free or open source. It's a bit vague about that, but if you go to the kickstarter page, note: > [$35 pledge]: You'll get the entire icon set when it goes public in 2014. This is the least expensive Iconic will be—at least 50% off its price at launch. Well done, bargain shopper. So they're planning on selling it for at least $70. Or am _I_ confused about something? It is confusing; they need some straight up explanation of the licensing. this kind of interface is totally made for a touchpad or touch screen. on anything else, it's weird. or even weirder, anyway. If you're going to store info about sessions in the database and thus have to query the database on every request to make sure the cookie-delivered session is okay... why wouldn't you just use the ActiveRecord session store instead of the cookie store? What do you gain by using the cookie store with this database component, over just using the active record store to begin with? (The ActiveRecord store used to be the default back in... Rails 2.0?) Take lisp, remove s-expressions.... what are the remaining lisp-like parts? Ruby's smalltalk influence is pretty clear, and I guess smalltalk says it's lisp-influenced... I dunno. I am dubious that Matz started with lisp rather than smalltalk. The thing about 23andMe, is that that kind of genetic testing really does not tell people what people think they are being told. The amount of actual actionable information you can get from a gene map like that is.... a LOT more limited than people such as 23AndMe customers think. Here's just one article on that, just the first reasonable one I found googling: http://www.forbes.com/sites/stevenkotler/2012/12/13/what-is-... So the real thing about 23AndMe, is how they took advantage of very popular misconceived exagerated expectations about a) the extent that genetics are destiny, and b) even to the extent that genes are destiny (less than you think), the extent that current science can actually succesfully figure that out -- to make a lot of money. These are EXTREMELY popular misconceptions, they fit into the zeitgeist well. So 23AndMe can make a lot of money off them. (And I'm not suggesting that the 23AndMe principals are intentionally taking people for a ride--I'm sure they believe it too.) To the extent it's about the GIL or lack thereof, I am confident that the amount of performance increase you would get by switching would be directly correlated with how much of your typical response generation time is spent waiting on I/O. The _less_ time you spend waiting on I/O (you are cpu-bound), the _more_ performance increase you get from switching to an interpreter without a GIL. Most of my web apps spend a very large percentage of their time waiting on I/O (chiefly an rdbms), but if you have a heavily optimized app that is more cpu-bound, you would see larger gains from a GIL-less interpreter. This hypothesis just makes sense, and I also believe there's evidence for it in the benchmarking I did at: https://github.com/jrochkind/fake_work_app Ah, good point. Yeah, in theory, I think that's true, you could get away with only one worker on rubinius or jruby. I'm mostly sticking with MRI, so I mostly think about the other side -- on MRI you need multiple workers, yeah, but _even_ on MRI, you get a boost by using multi-threads _on each worker_. This is the thing lots of people are neglecting! If you read the OP, you'll find that's what happened. Although to the extent that there may be some shared resources between threads, which may be shared under an architecture where the more threads you have contending for resources, there is a performance penalty.... ...you _may_ seen performance improvements by having more than one worker even on jruby or rbx, without the GIL. It would really have to be benchmarked, with some apps with realistic profiles. But yeah, I'd expect the advantage of having more than one worker on rbx or jruby to be less. But it gets confusing. (The ActiveRecord database connection pool is the prime example of such a shared-under-contention resource) Cool. There was, of course, always the free Rails-provided upgrade guide: http://guides.rubyonrails.org/upgrading_ruby_on_rails.html I don't know if that's neccesarily the wrong way to get started, PHP and MySQL. It's how most of _us_ got started, right? (Okay, I got started in Perl, and only dabbled in PHP). > After this initial release and push to have this product adopted, nothing was done to move it forward. That describes so many Google services. Some live on anyway, because for whatever reasons they meet Google's interests to keep running (Google Books). Some don't. the word is 'deprecated'. 'depreciated' is a different word. How would it help you to know that it was a commercial failure? How would knowing that change your conclusion that you can't rely on Google products? When I got started, a perl script in /cgi-bin was not an unusual way to go. :) And that's exactly the thing about when I started. I already knew Perl. Then I learned HTML and how cgi-bin worked. There wasn't even CSS back then. The I learned SQL, and then CSS. Then eventually Javascript. Then Rails, and JQuery. Somewhere in there I learned more about the parts of the Internet and TCP/IP that matter, like DNS. Then fancy things like the Rails asset pipeline (it is useful, and it is very confusing), and increasingly deep knowledge of the DOM, Javascript, ruby, Rails, etc. In the end, I learned a lot , but I learned it over several years. And I already started with basic programming knowledge. I honestly don't even know how to tell someone to get started today -- it's a LOT of things to learn, you just can't learn them all at once (none of us did). So maybe PHP is the place to start. I don't know, I'm not sure, but maybe. I wouldn't want anyone thinking it's a good way to do anything beyond learning and maybe deploying _very_ simple sites, but I don't know a better way to learn -- it's how most of us did. What are the alternatives with great exposure you think would be better for someone to start with? I am curious for real! Even though I'm the one who suggested that maybe PHP was a good place to start... I think it's probably a mistake to try to learn web programming without learning _programming_ first. Hello world. Loops and conditionals, math, etc. Because while many of us learned web programming with PHP, many of us also learned programming before we learned web programming. And you _can_ just create a ruby or python file and start running it, not for a web app neccesarily, but for learning programming. (In this sense, they are better for this than Java, because there's no compilation or boilerplate, you really can just create a file and run it) Also the RailsCast. http://railscasts.com/episodes/415-upgrading-to-rails-4 You know how if the first 100 times a dialog box comes up, the correct response is to click 'ok', then people start just clicking 'ok' on every dialog box, and then the 201st one comes up "Destroy everything? [cancel] [ok], and they click 'ok' too, and don't think anything of it? Most of the vulnerabilities in Java that effect browsers are not relevant when Java is used in other contexts, rather than embedded in a browser. I don't know if it's excusable or not, but it may be incompatible with typical human cognition to expect someone to be able to do that. Maybe you have to figure out a way to test people for unusually high aptitude at looking at mind-numbingly dull repetitive things over and over again, but then still being able to notice the aberrant ones. And then only put people in that job with unusually high aptitude there. Or have people only do pretty short shifts at that task. I'm pretty confident that this person wasn't unusually negligent, if you have most anyone doing that job hour after hour day after day they will lose the ability to flag the aberant stuff. in the ancestral comment here, it wasn't even an alert system! It was just "your job is to sit there all day and watch every single transaction and flag the aberrant one"!! Another possibility that's not discussed: Get the CC number up front, but still require an 'opt in' after trial expiration to begin charging. You won't start automatically charging, you'll require the user to do something -- but the 'something' is just clicking a single 'yes, start charging me' button, with no need to enter the CC at that point, cause they entered it up front. I have no idea if that will work to get the conversions he's getting with, well, automatic conversion. But I can't help but think products where a free trial automatically starts charging your CC on a certain calendar date if you don't opt out -- are getting conversions via trickery, and is not going to build a sustainable customer relationship. AWS does this -- you need to create an account, with a credit card, even before using their 'free' tier. I thought I remmebered this, and just confirmed it. Go to http://aws.amazon.com/free/ in an incognito window. Click on 'get started for free'. Pretend you don't have an Amazon account and create a new one -- you have to create a new account with a credit card, before finishing up and going on to 'get started for free.' However, with Amazon, I'm pretty sure that they won't charge you if you don't cancel in X days. They'll only charge you if you later opt in to a non-free service. (But am I wrong there?) Nobody thinks it's shady, but then, it's a large company everyone's heard of. I assumed the reason in part was to lower any barriers to later signing up for a paid component of the API, wit one click. I understand why OP is doing it, but I still totally think it's shady to have you sign up for a free trial, and then start charging you at a certain calendar date unless you explicitly and manually opt out. At least, if you're doing this, you better be very very clear that's what you're doing when you get the initial sign up -- but the clearer you are, the more harm you're probably going to do to your conversions. This is why most services these days, seem try to give a trial limited on resources of some kind rather than calendar. You get up to 4 Widgets on the free plan, you have to upgrade to the paid plan for 5. Get ads on the free plan, upgrade to paid to not have em. Get 4k page views a month on the free plan, etc. You get public repos on the free plan, need to upgrade to paid for private. Etc. Note that the services that offer that kind of free trial seem especially beloved. Can you think of popular and beloved cloud services that offer a time-limited free trial after which they will automatically start charging you unless you explicitly opt out? I can't think of any. Even the new york times, when they give you an initial X month subscription at 25 cents a day or whatever, and then when it's time to renew it's gone up like 500% -- you still have to actually opt in and choose to renew your subscription at full price, they don't just charge your credit card. It occurs to me I'd have a much less negative reaction to what you're doing if instead of calling it a "free trial", you called it "first month is free" (like landlord rental deals), or "will refund your money in the first month if you aren't satisifed," or something like that. Now, these end up being essentially the same thing, but if you marketted it like that would it hurt conversions? I don't know. But if it _would_ then it would definitely make me suspect that many of your conversions are accidental, and accidental conversions are the shady part, right? i'm pretty sure this will work. Weren't most of us old school nerds programming with 'real tools' when we were 9-13, after all? Of course, the 'real tools' were a lot simpler then. But the motivation of actually building something real should not be underestimated. Much more realistic than the usual version that ends early. No, the fisherman represents fishermen, and the businessman represents businessmen. It's about just what it says it's about: the businessman crushing everyone else to satisfy his own greed, and destroying the quality of life for anyone that's not rich. You know, like real life, as oppposed to the self-serving silicon valley fantasy where getting rich is somehow socially beneficial. I believe there will be a major cultural shift to tablets/phones/handheld. The social implications worry me -- mainly that the most popular handheld devices (iOS) are _locked down_, you can't actually install whatever software you want on it. I don't know if the actual experience of using Android, for non-techies, might end up seeming similar? The social implications of this worry me. We spend increasing amounts of time on our computers, and have decreasing power and freedom over what software they run how. I think your concern about it being harder to create on tablets, and the social implications therein -- is also legit, but it worries me less than the loss of control over our devices. People will find a way to create, although the nature of what they create will be affected by the affordances of the device, for sure. (there will be a lot more 140 char poetry, heheh) Non-geeks probably don't know how to use the chrome inspector, right? Well, they do if they find instructions to follow to do so to retrieve a LastPass shared password. I would expect that, no matter how they try to obscure it, it will be retrievable even by non-geeks who find and follow specific instructions to retrieve it. So I'm not sure how much development effort it's worth to try and obscure it further -- if that's even possible. LastPass probably ought to be VERY very clear that it's merely slightly obscured, not truly protected, from someone you share it with. Mainly because if someone is confused about this, when they find out it's less protected then they thought, they may begin to doubt LastPass's security in general. If I were LastPass, I'd reduce the level of obscuring going on, to try to make it even more obvious that a shared password is not protected from the sharee. For those curious, what that page by rvm authors suggests is that: > Tools like rbenv or chruby can work well in simple scenarios, especially if you’re very skilled with the Unix shell. However, as environments and dependencies grow in complexity, these tools quickly become inadequate. RVM seems more “complicated” because it does a lot more to make handling these scenarios easy. > To paraphrase Jonathan Jackson, RVM is to Rails as rbenv is to Sinatra. Sinatra is a lightweight framework whereas Rails is much more robust. Sometimes Sinatra just fits, and other times you'd be a fool to not go with Rails. I think people with complicated scenarios have had... mixed experiences with whether rvm really makes complex scenarios easy. I suspect many people with complex scenarios prefer a simple tool like rbenv or chruby (disclosure: I prefer chruby having worked with all three), which they can then figure out themselves how to invoke to do exactly what they need. It may be that some people with complex scenarios prefer rvm. It would be interesting to hear from them. (for real! I'd be interested!) But I suspect that the bulk of rvm users are not actually sophisticated users with complicated scenarios, but instead beginner users with fairly simple scenarios. For a variety of reasons. Becuase rvm is what you find when you google. Because rvm holds out the promise of not making you understand anything about what it's doing or anything about bash or shell environment, and having it Just Work (whether it fulfills that promise... especially in non-simple scenarios... there are mixed opinions. There are definitely some people who have moved from rvm to rbenv or chruby in fact as their environments have grown in complexity, and they had trouble figuring out how to get rvm to work in their environments. ). People try to be really sensitive not to insult rvm. And I've tried to be sensitive here, while still saying what I perceive. Lots of people like rvm, for sure. And rvm was first, and a huge boon compared to the no options that preceeded it. And nobody wants to be rude, or get into a fight. But people's sensitivity and desire to avoid controversy also means when you google around... you pretty much just find rvm, even though some (many? I don't know) have in fact moved from rvm to chruby and rbenv -- including sometimes moving as their environments become more complicated. I am not sure it's accurate to say that developers routinely find chruby or rbenv "quickly become inadequate" as environments and dependencies grow in complexity ('quickly'? really?). > often issues like dependency management (there are others) simply cause marginal developers to leave. I think that's true, and true in just about every language/environment, it's not unique to ruby, right? Dependency management often causes marginal developers to leave, in many langauges/environments. Dependency management itself has gotten a lot better in ruby -- bundler is pretty great. But multiple ruby version management is still a mess. I wish ruby would have a single dictatorial-blessed solution to multiple ruby version management, like I understand python to be. And even bundler isn't perfect, for sure -- I wish bundler was more integrated with rubygems, which would for instance make the `bundle exec` dance unneccesary. Interestingly, both of these issues, as I see it, are related to the decentralized open source nature of the ruby ecosystem. Which has plusses and minuses. (And both dependency management and multiple version management can be hell in Java, for sure. I am not a Java developer, and the most common barrier I run into when trying to deal with Java is... maven. And last time I had to run multiple versions of the JVM on one machine, it was hell. I hope it's gotten better.) What sort of more information would you like? You mean more and different people's opinions/experiences? or something else? > There's a bigger dependency management problem where you need to distribute source code to users of tools rather than distributing compiled code. At first I nodded my head to myself, but after thinking about it, I'm not actually sure that's true. You can still have dependencies with binary distribution (if using dynamic linking etc). apt, yum, etc, were invented to deal with this right? And it can still be a nightmare if you have two different things on your system that need different versions of the same dependency -- even a binary dependency. Have you tried to deal with two different binaries that need different versions of libxml? It can be nightmarish. I'm still suspicious. What's an example of a category of dependency problem that only effects interpreted source and not binary? I can't think of any. Whether the files on disk are machine code (binary) that will be executed directly by the machine, or some other kind of code that will be executed by an interpreter -- I can't think of any dependency issues effected by that. Ah, wait I can think of exactly one , issues with depending on a certain version of the interpreter. That's it. You may be committing a crime of fraud to give them a doctored ID. Something you can be prosecuted for. Doesn't mean you can't do it and maybe get away with it, but now if you are caught, the state can press charges and put you in jail. Which is quite probably good enough for facebook, they wouldn't neccesarily get any additional value from actually validating you with the government somehow. What do you do instead of 'bundle exec' to execute ruby command line utilities using the desired dependency tree? Tell me if I understand this right: Google thought it was okay to not encrypt that 'internal' traffic, because even when trans-continental, that traffic was on 'private' Google fiber carrying only Google traffic, not the public internet. It was theoretically on a network that only Google had access to. That's why it seemed okay not to encrypt it, right? (Otherwise, I don't know why Google would have thought it didn't have to encrypt it). But the NSA managed to tap into this 'private' fiber anyway, perhaps with the cooperation of the actual telecoms that run it? Do I have that right? This is really neat. > While this is clearly a massive achievement, there is still a huge amount of work ahead. It currently takes five people to establish the recognition patterns for just one word. I don't get it. They're saying they need five (only five!) seperate people to train the thing, and then it works pretty well for everyone? That seems to be working pretty darn well to me, I don't see the problem or 'huge amount of work'. Probably something lost in the journalism. I think the journalist must have misunderstood something told to them about the limitations of the project, and failed in reporting it. Totally aside from the content, this is a really good example of effective design of long-form exposition in the medium of a web browser. Designed for the affordances of the screen, without sacrificing in-depth textual content. I think OP is probably right. But the quote at the end from the New Yorker article omits the next part where Draper himself does -not- believe there's a dip or crash coming -- although the author thinks Draper's evidence points there, Draper does not, he thinks we're at the part of his graph where the next thing is a boom, not a crash. The very next sentence: > I asked him what he thought the next dip would look like, and he frowned. The coast was socked in, and the Ritz golf course seemed kind of scraggly. “Well, first we need a boom,” he said. My gut feeling is to agree with the OP, but the OP is a bit sloppy with it's evidence. copyright law says it is. You want each character, on it's own, to be universally useful? That's a pretty high standard, there wouldn't be very many characters to meet it and include in the repertoire. Pretty much every character that exists is useful to some people some time, but not every person all the time. nice. secure end-to-end encryption with a good browser-based UI is kind of a holy grail. They say it's open source, but I can't find links to the source anywhere. Anyone?