i.e. paper has higher resolution, and is more readable than a pair prototype glasses? I think so too. The title is needlessly incendiary. Explain to me, exactly, step-by-step. How forcing little suzy to click 2 times by having to use safari, instead of 1 click inside the app. Would stop the problem you're mentioning. You'd make an awesome politician: Can't answer the question? No problem! Ask yourself a different question and proceeed to answer that one instead! Slipery slope: Wow, how could the [Apple] products really need to cost $[600]? It's buttons with a touch screen. Honestly, it sounds likelY that [HTC] is infringing. In our copyright system, unfortunately you have to pay or you have to wait for it to expire for cheaper options. However, it wasn't worth it to me, as part of the Public, to give [Apple] exclusive rights to those ideas, especially if they're going to sell them for that price. This could be one way of getting around an "Internet kill-switch" I hope you realize that's a non-sequitor. The hypothesis was people only care about the iPad - not tablets. Which is laughable because a significant proportion of the market cares about non-iPad tablet. What does profit have to do with what people care about? Take a look at the Galaxy Nexus (the phone in question) and tell me which Apple design or patent it infringed. (Bear in mind the unified search patent has prior art - by Google to wit, and is likely to be invalidated) I see this stuff on here all the time, except it's usually $LANGUAGE vs PHP, and it's usually condoned/encouraged. United Launch Alliance competes directly with SpaceX. ULA comprises Lockheed and Boeing. Thanks for the awesome tool! I've found it handy on more than one occasion to trace jQuery/vanilla JS listeners. Any plans for Dojo support? Microsoft recently filed an amicus brief supporting Oracle's position on API copyright. I wouldn't speculate that this is the motive, but it would be interesting if Microsoft is pressured into using Google APIs So you are blaming Google not for what it has done, but what it could do? You seem to be contradicting yourself, earlier, you said "And yet, Linux doesn't have all that great driver support ..." The question is, what's cheaper- labor for optimizing the queries + paying (possibly reduced) SQL server licensing, or keeping the "mediocre" queries + throwing in more hardware? They'll still be silent: "Allow scanning by services" is listen-only with no transmission. Of course they were aware of the issue, if you read what JBQ wrote, he mentioned this was escalated 6 months ago. It doesn't take a leap of the imagination to conclude that the expectation was the issue would be resolved by the time the product was available for sale. Perhaps Qualcomm even stringed them along (I'm speculating) JBQ says he's very frustrated with the "lawyers", for what exact reasons- I don't know. Maybe he feels like they are not exerting enough pressure, or maybe it's Qualcomm's lawyers he's pissed at. You cannot say Google (or at least JBQ) knew how this would turn out. Are you suggesting that the rule of law is a bad idea?("This is...why China continues to eat our lunch"). I think legal frameworks are more tractable: a "Photography not allowed" sign, with enforcement is a more elegant solution to more technological ones (anti-photography/reflective coating maybe?) You can still argue your assertion further: you seem to be declaring that race (and not class) is the driver for crime. Race and class (in America) are strongly linked that when a person declares one thing (and not the other) as the cause, it tells you a lot about the person. Probably cross-reference it with their data? It didn't work out very well for them (or the U.S. in general. Innovation simply moved to France- further away from harassment by the Wright's. I remember reading an article stating that this is the reason so many parts of the aeroplane have French names (fuselage, aileron, &tc) In other words, you're confirming the 90% figure, right? I don't think having a exploitable kernel counts as being 'open' by any measure. I cannot understand how people are ignoring the security side of this. I think you are overstating the amount of control the US has. The US is spying on SWIFT transactions, that's a world of a difference from actually controlling SWIFT. > Google, on the other hand, is trying to turn the browser into an OS This isn't new, not since Marc Andreessen said "[Netscape will soon reduce Windows to] a poorly debugged set of device drivers" - in 1995. Which I take to mean he fully intended to make everything above device drivers the domain of the browser. Here's a Google Translate link: http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=n&pre... Yes- those with large patent pools. IBM and Microsoft, chief amongst them. I'm pretty sure "the government" in GP's context referred to the UK government, not the US. The knitting industry also uses the word "Thread" to describe some other thing. This is going to be a nightmare, I tell you. I think the 'Companies like Volvo are far ahead' needs to be qualified. IMO, Google is ahead in the following areas -map data -PR & public visibility -pushing legislation debate Because the keyboard has a dictionary and can choose the most likely word you meant from your swipe waypoints If I remember correctly, one of the characters hand-waved it as (paraphrasing) "multiple echoes of the same signal". Meaning there were no meaningful timestamps I don't think the whiteboard interviews expect an executable at the end of the process. It's not a complete test, but a partial one: testing if you can come up with suitable algorithms within a reasonable time - and perhaps how you work/your process. None of which is dependent on any (software/IDE) tools What is your opinion of the people who shared the DeCSS key? If "46DCEAD317FE45D80923EB97E4956410D4CDB2C2" is free speech, so is a magnet URI I have a Galaxy Nexus (2011) that's stuck on 4.2. I wouldn't mind receiving bug-fix releases. I think "restriction" is a poor choice: it's more like an architectural decision - that is exactly how they designed it. I could equally say your computer is more than capable of running a self-hosted version of GMail, but "it's a restriction [Google] added" for them to run it on their servers. Language design is about trade-offs. Broadly speaking: being good in one category means being bad in another. Storing your IM data & meta-data on their servers. i.e. Pending, delivered, read. If they allowed phone to be offline, that data would need to be synced when it comes online. I think medical care is the missing part of the equation in your anecdote (and gp's). If you get malaria and medical attention, you'll have a lousy time, but probably be fine. However, for people with limited access to medical care (too remote or too impoverished), preventing Malaria altogether is the best bet, hence mosquito nets. >No? I bet I've spent more years in Africa than you have This sound like an appeal to non-authority. How does seeing someone fishing with a mosquito net discount the fact that malaria deaths have been decreasing for 20 years? (a point you chose to ignore, by the way). Africa is not a monolith: it's 54-countries strong with a multitude of cultures (I'd bet you'd be hard-pressed to find a "local witch doctor" in Tunis). You are entitled to your opinion, just because you live there doesn't automatically make you an expert. I too have spent my entire life in (southern) Africa. Generally nets are not supposed to be washed with untreated water (doing so will wash away the infused chemicals). If you are going to wash the net, you are supposed to wash it in a bucket or any small container with treated water to maintain potency. I like the indentation + braces redundancy because indentations are for humans, brackets are for the interpreter. Logic blocks are more explicit with brackets I encountered a non-obvious Python bug that was caused by mixed spaces-and-tabs: to my human eyes, the indentation looked fine - the same as previous line, but the interpreter saw a different level of indentation. > Google wants developers to write the logic once in Java, transpile it to other platforms, and then make the UI natively using the SDK for each platform. That way the apps look and feel native to the platform they're on, and the UI should run a lot more smoothly. The article seems to suggest that GWT is being (should be?) used for logic only. If the Web UI is sluggish, it probably isn't GWT's fault (disclaimer: I'm not a Googler & I have never looked at the Inbox code) If Apple is "kind of okay with GPLv2", why doesn't it allow GPLv2 apps in the App Store? In my opinion, Apple was never okay with copyleft (whichever version). There is nothing wrong with a company objecting to copyleft licensing. > but the result of that would just be somebody putting up GNU Go for $0.99 and then getting sued by the FSF again. Why would the FSF sue in this instance? As far as I can tell it's not about the $0 or $0.99 price - if the $0.99 app provides the a way for users to get the source, it will be GPL-compliant the FSF will be fine with that. I don't understand why you would inject a hypothetical Android EV into this discussion. I feel that Apple/Google partisanship is off-topic when GP was talking about Apple v. GM/BMW/other established automakers The saying is full of crock - it presents a false dichotomy. You might pay and still be a product. You pay for cable TV but they sell you to advertisers. growing forest quickly =/= growing trees quickly. I might have missed something, but I don't think he mentions anything about making the trees grow faster. The "tricks" are to mature the forest (i.e. make it self-sustaining) within 10 years, tree growth-rate notwithstanding. Correctness beats complexity any day. Incorrectness is an unforgivable sin. While he didn't know WebVan would pioneer it, Loius Borders says he know ecommerce would rule the world. ...that doesn't quite have the same ring, does it? There is a lot of survivorship bias at play here. Thousands of individuals had convictions that their instincts were right as as well - but it turned out poorly for them. Luck and timing plays a big part in success, but more often than not, hn ignores this. To be clear: you are saying the toolchain does run, but not to your liking? It has been possible to install real Linux distros on Android for a while (X and all), with no root required. So you can install and run Android Studio if you so wish. It probably will be slow, but it can be done - today. So did Google suddenly realize they are competing with Firefox? Proof by contradiction says your theory is wrong (true for n=2015, false for n=2014 & earlier) Your premise, that the only possible reason to fund a competitor is incompetence, on the other hand, strikes me as absurd. If they weigh business cases at all, they might have considered the value of goodwill they generate for funding competitors to outweigh any loss(es). Aside: how does Google benefit from sponsoring Blender3D, in your immediate-profit-driven opinion? I don't find it confusing at all. If the sentences are composed correctly, the subject will be obvious. Ian M. Banks did this in one of the Culture stories (in a single paragraph) - I thought it was a succinct way of denoting the current gender identity. As far as I recall, the apologists don't say generics are bad - but rather, not necessary (at times conceding they are useful). Which sounds reasonable to me. Who needs generics? 'Need' in it's dictionary sense. i.e. is there an algorithm you can't write in a language because the language lacks generics? Great to have? Yes. Need? No. The freedom to deprive end-users the same rights*[1] the distributor got, of course. [1] The right to view the source and make changes as you see fit. VMWare knew the software was licensed under GPL for years. They chose to violate the terms of the license - that's what matters here. They could have chosen to base off BSD licensed code, but they did not Would you be ok with them breaking the terms of the MIT/BSD license?I'm not familiar with the MIT/BSD restrictions, but I think one of them is to acknowledge original author? How would you feel if they violated that? For me, Ars is still better than every other site listed. Their quality might have slid, but they are still the best[1]. I grew tired of other sites' clickbait and/or blatant partisanship/slant. 1. for me. > Can't the Google just admit it's using TypeScript? What makes you think they haven't "admitted" it yet? > AtScript is TypeScript: We’ve been collaborating with the TypeScript team on our proposed productivity [1] They have been collaborating with Microsoft, and it's no secret[2] 1. http://angularjs.blogspot.com/2015/03/announcements-from-ng-... 2. http://blogs.msdn.com/b/typescript/archive/2015/03/05/angula... > In the early days when there were fewer towers spaced farther apart the phones had more power (remember the old "brick phones"). Citation needed. What makes you think newer phones have less transmission power than old brick phones? The working range of a cell site (the range which mobile devices connects reliably to the cell site).. is between between 50 to 70 km (30–45 miles)[1] 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_site#Range > Would the statute of limitations be tolled for the duration of Assange's stay at the embassy? IANAL, but that sounds unreasonable: his presence isn't required in order for him to be charged. The statute limits the time in which he can be charged (regardless of his geographic location). I know for certain under Roman-Dutch law, one can be charged (tried, and sentenced) in absentia. I suspect other justice systems have similar allowances For disambiguation: it is better to say "plantains are staples in many parts of Africa" since they are cooked. The prescribed solution does not solve for all use cases though. Imagine if the meeting included a conference call to someone in Australia. A day before the meeting, the bureaucrats change the DST rule. The meeting invite for the Australian now has incorrect time. Storing as local time will work against events applicable across timezones. The problem isn't with UTC, it is unexpected rule changes that the converting agent (software) did not predict. That logic will have to be coded in. Pegging against "wall time" in Chile causes it's own problems. What if the meeting is with a person in "Europe/Berlin" via Skype and the appointment is in a shared calendar. How would the new Berlin time be calculated for the unfortunate Berliner after the Chilean bureaucrats have had their fun? ...Yet. It is open source: you are welcome to port it to Windows and I'm sure they would be happy to accept your patch. I am non-American, and I do not understand why (most/some) Americans think think the default/superior housing material is wood. If someone can explain, I'd be happy to learn. I'm perfectly fine with brick-and-mortar houses (and concrete sky-scrapers). Brick houses have less fuel for fires, better load-bearing properties (pros), although they take longer to construct. > Brick is just siding. What's the frame made out of? For brick an mortar houses, the "frame" is also made of brick[1]. All the walls are load-bearing, so there is no actual frame + siding: just brickwork. You have a concrete foundation, then you lay your double-thick brick-walls (for all load-bearing sections - all of the outer walls that are expected to support roofing trusses). Internal walls can be a single-brick wide. The only place timber is used is for roofing. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brickwork Thanks! You are right falling/flying bricks are not a good idea in an earthquake or hurricane situation. After digging some more, it seems like cost is another factor. I suspect our backgrounds subconsciously color our opinions though: my childhood home (and 99% of homes I have ever visited) were brick and mortar, maybe that is why I am partial to it. > Terrorism is commonly defined as violent acts (or the threat of violent acts) intended to create fear (terror) It depends on the motivation of the pilot i.e. Did he intend to create fear? At this point the motivations remain unclear, so it can't be termed an act of terrorism. I highly doubt that Dropbox has a 10 year head-start (over Google and Amazon) in the area of "distributed storage and sync" - unless you meant it in the narrow case of building desktop sync clients. You might be experiencing imposter syndrome, and it makes you question if you deserve to be there. I suffered from imposter syndrome when I got moved to a new team (same employer) by myself after a cohort was moved.I felt like I wasn't properly onboarded and I did not have a fellow noob to ask "silly questions", and I suffered for it. I was tasked to do a major-ish feature and I completed it with no confidence: it was scrapped from the first release & I felt like I had failed. When a colleague was asked to 'redo' it, he only added about 5% more and called it a day. Looking back at the code: it was good work, and it was 95% of what was required (to me at the time it felt like 20%). I will tell you what I would have told myself then: don't be afraid to ask "silly" questions - don't let your egobget in the way.(try to figure it out first though). Also: it's a great opportunity to learn. That's an unfortunate side effect if the culture they developed, whereby quality correlates with the amount of whipcracking. A lot of job adverts have "must be self-motivated" (which I thought was a load of bollocks) but it seems self-motivation has been largely extinguished at Apple (by design or accident) Or possibly to increase the uptake of their projects at other large corporates: thereby increasing mindshare/developer goodwill. Don't tell me that Fb doesn't want to put up IBMs logo on the "who uses React" page Thanks - you're right about how I parsed GP's text! Apologies GP. > Whenever there is a thread about Apple development someone pipes up and says that HFS+ is horrible. Can you explain why it's so problematic? I never once thought to myself that the filesystem needed an update. Ok maybe the .DStore files piss me off but I'm not even sure a filesystem change could change that. I'm not OP, but Linus had a rant in a Google+ comment on where he laid out his problems with HFS+[1]. John Siracusa also chimed in with a link to a section of an Ars Technica post he made titled 'What's wrong with HFS+'[2]. Linus' complaints seem to center around Case insensitivity and Inadequate Unicode Normalization in HFS. The Ars review is more damning (accusations include: undermining data integrity, metadata locks meaning only one process can update the FS at a time, etc) However, I'm not a FS expert so I am likely not doing the views justice: I encourage you to click through to the source URLs below. 1. https://plus.google.com/+JunioCHamano/posts/1Bpaj3e3Rru 2. http://arstechnica.com/apple/2011/07/mac-os-x-10-7/12/#hfs-p... Ingress > Note that 25% is pretty generous when you're creating a derivitive work off of someone else's IP Your opinion is in the minority, I'm afraid. By and large,the gaming community (on reddit at least) has spoken, and Valve took heed. Marc Andreessen probably stoked Microsoft's paranoia when he said "[Netscape will soon reduce Windows to] a poorly debugged set of device drivers"[1] 1. http://www.wired.com/2012/04/ff_andreessen/2/ Outside of the US, not everyone has a phone capable of running iMessage or Hangouts. WhatsApp happily runs on feature-phones, because of network effects, many people who can run iMessage/Hangouts and WhatsApp I've paid for myself and my mother-in-law (you can pay for a contact's subscription) Good point about being an API. When combined with RFID, I can imagine smart fridges / washing machines utilizing this API to automatically order (or suggesting human do a 1-click order) when your Tide is about to run out. How frequently do you replenish your spices/WD40? If you are a restuarant, then a button would make sense. The dash, in its current form, seems suited to high-turnover products where the sales generated over the devices lifetime can cover the initial cost. As someone else mentioned though, think of it as "Dash, the physical button" + "Dash, the API". The API is probably the long term goal, the physical button is just a (temporary) drop-dead simple API client that people can use today. Amazon is likely betting on smart-fridges/-pantries/-homes catching up in the future Edit: in the near-future, I imagine Amazon adding a touchscreen (so it's not product specific) without adding much to BoM. They can also charge manufactures for on-device screen-time (who doesn't like ads that convert to an immediate sale?) It's not that black and white. Ant colonies are ultimate socialist societies - communist even. From each ant according to its ability, to each according to its need I am not a lawyer, forgive any inaccuracies. These are 2 instances of the same/similar license type - they remain 2 different licenses with different conditions that have to be met individually even if the code is merged. The licenses are compatible. However, for the Go team (and downstream lib users) to satisfy Intel's license, they'd have to credit Intel as authors, in addition to "the Go Team". This can become unwieldy if code is pulled from many different sources (code authors would need to check the authors of the various parts of the Go Standard libs they are using to give the correct attribution). This can be avoided if Intel itself makes the contribution & make use of a CLA (Contributor License Agreement) that assigns the necessary rights to the Go Team - meaning there is one license to be satisfied for the whole standard lib. > Those ever-cheaper laptops started as copies and spin-offs from the "helping the poor" projects and related technologies. I doubt that's true: can you substantiate that? How was the EeePC a copy of OLPC? The only commonality was that they were cheap (for the time). I'd say the cheaper laptops are as a result of a confluence of things: Android, the battle between ARM vs. Intel Atom, a glut of TFTs the high- and mid-range won't accept, >Well sure, but when the license is perpetual and royalty-free, what's the difference? There would be a difference if the license is non-transferable. Then Facebook wouldn't be able to give or sell that data to 3rd parties as part of a bankruptcy sale. Edit: in the case of RadioShack's user data, I doubt that they got customers' agreement for a transferable license to the data. I think he's comparing US's relationship with Ukraine to a hypothetical Russia-Mexico one. I'm not going to be as bold and say "US fostered the Ukranian coup", but I am certain they were very happy about it. The deposed former president of Ukraine, who happened to be close to Russia, had been democratically elected - his removal most certainly wasn't democratic by any stretch of the imagination. You can tell infer the US's political attitudes if you parse the language of US media / politicians at the time. If they are "protesters" rather than "rioters" or "insurrectionists" - they are friends. I perfectly understand that it furthers US interest to pull out Ukraine from Russia's sphere of influence. Just my $0.02, as an outsider. > If not touch screen activity for a long time, or when simply the screen is locked, then why is the camera on? Because the OS shouldn't be making assumptions about applications' interaction models. People tend to write apps that OS creators never dreamed about. There are legitimate reasons for resource usage (camera) to continue without user interaction.From the top of my head, I can imagine writing a baby-monitor app that uses camera to stream video to my phone in the other room using wifi. The resource-limiting heuristics have to be impossibly good, otherwise it gets in the way of useful apps. Percy.io seems somewhat similar to BBC's wraith[1], albeit easier to integrate. 1. http://bbc-news.github.io/wraith/index.html That's explicitly called out in the article: > ...there’s already advanced security features on your phone, contained in the SIM card, which protects the things important to carriers. Vault is designed to be an equivalent, but designed to project a user’s important content. SIM card is controlled by carrier, and protects carriers' cryptographic interests. The vault is independent of the Secure Element: it user-controlled, and protects user's cryptographic interests. Microsoft Research[1] is hardly secretive for things that are cooking in the lab[2] 1. http://research.microsoft.com/ 2. http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/news/headlines/hyperlaps... In your opinion, only those products with API's available today should be announced? That sounds overly restrictive. By the same logic - Projects Jacquard and Vault shouldn't have been announced either. I think it's fair to announce products so devs can be ready when the API becomes available. > Undoubtedly, but the issue is that they only have 2 months to take care of any bugs in their recent code Parent is suggesting that what you think is "recent code" isn't recent at all (if you mean the tech previews). The leaked internal builds are more recent, but only relatively so.Therefore you can't extrapolate the number of current bugs remaining from tech previews. This is correct - there are 6 Windows 10 SKUs[1]. 4 if you exclude the mobile SKUs. The "only 2 SKUs" was just a rumour/wish. I'm echoing speculation I read elsewhere: the reason for the numerous versions is Federal Money. The US government demands that it pays the lowest price the vendors offers an item for. Since Microsoft likes to offer discounts to universities, the government would be entitled to the lowest discounted price on the SKU. Their solution is to make Education & Enterprise versions and maintain the price disparity. Money trumps simplicity. https://blogs.windows.com/bloggingwindows/2015/05/13/introdu... (edited for clarity) > It's reasonable to assume that anything newer hasn't been tested to that point yet, so they still have a lot of work to do on the things we haven't seen yet. I disagree on that part - I do not think that is reasonable. If I read correctly, your assumption is that pipeline for everything is: Develop > Test internally > polish > public testing > fix. It's also reasonable to assume that not everything needs to be tested by the public, and only those deemed to require public testing were included in public previews. There a lot of reasons to release 'old' code, especially on a large codebase. It's not that they intentionally send out "buggy releases while sitting on a build that works", but gating is complicated business. I think a keynote should be more of 10,000 foot view > Regardless, the next thing you really need to defend, as this is what we are talking about: what are you, as a developer, doing to get ready for Photos? You can't imagine how unlimited storage of images and videos have no implications to devs and how we view curation of photos? Thats one less limitation to worry about. I 100% agree that I/O is becoming less and less developer focused. Lots of non-developers want to attend (I blame the freebies they gave - looks like that has stopped so it might get better). I/O (or any other 'developer' conference) goes beyond the technical. There is a lot of self-promotion, PR, recruitment (in the HR sense, and recruitment into the 'developer ecosystem') > From that communication, I read that Tim Cook is against some business models, not machine learning or data collection. Which sounds exactly like posturing to me. Contrast this with what he says about back doors - if it's there a key under the mat for cops, the bad guys will get it. The same applies to data collection - the motives behind the collection don't matter. If data is collected, sooner or later some of it will fall into the hands of a 3rd party the user didn't expect - possibly bad guys (through legal discovery, a hack, bankruptcy sale, or some NSA ALL-CAPS program). The right thing for privacy is to not collect the data, but Apple is unwilling to take that business decision (imagine how bad Siri would be if voice data wasn't sent to a backend). > Mozilla has over a thousand employees on its various projects, and this income is necessary to keep them in work. Here's a thought experiment - what it Mozilla spun-out a "Firefox foundation" that only worked on Firefox? How many employees & how much funding would that require? I suspect it could get by without the ads and could infact, be kick-started. Granted, this would not mesh with Mozilla's manifesto, and the other projects would die without the ad-powered money-printer that Firefox is. Apple and Google both collect user data and send it to the cloud. Why does the degree matter? If it's a matter of principle, don't collect user data at all! Since Apple are collecting data anyway, I guess the reason is not principle. IMO, the why doesn't affect personal privacy. Pure motives don't count for anything when user data falls into the hands of 3rd parties (through hacks, leaks, or divorce lawyers). > - 91% of Apple's income is from hardware. > - More that 90% of Google's income is from advertising. So, in a nutshell - it's not the collection of data that is bad, but advertising? That's BS. The collection of personal data itself is inherently bad, motives be damned. Apple is no snow-flake as Tim would have you think, they also want to gain a competitive edge from aggregating and mining user data. This is exactly what "Apple-is-better" people on this thread do not get. They are suggesting that the Apple IR camera is good because it improves the user "experience by syncing with itunes to play a song with the right tempo as you dance" as opposed to the Google IR camera which will result in sun-burn cream ads. What the typical person would want is no IR camera at all. > Apple collects far less personal data than Google/etc Agreed. I don't know if we are disagreeing. Or perhaps you disagree with the notion that the ideal situation for privacy is when no personal collection is done? >> The risk of you being personally targeted and hacked is greater than Google being hacked > This is a rather strange comment since we already know for sure that Google has already been hacked by both the British[1] and Chinese[2] governments. With that fact established, the question still stands: who do you trust to not get hacked by the British and Chinese governments? The point GP was making was Google's security is pretty robust and if it's not sufficient, you'd be hard-pressed to find another service provider who can do better securing the data. > Being a corporation, it should not be allowed to be a player in geopolitics. Says who? Corporations have been waist deep in geopolitics since (at least) the beginning of the 20th century. see British Petroleum & the Iran coup, or Hearst and the American-Spanish war ("You furnish the pictures and I'll furnish the war.") Here's a list of corporations that are also players in geopolitics - Fox Media (and anything owned by Rupert Murdock) - Oil companies (e.g. Haliburton) - Movie studios - Fracking companies - Numerous corporations behind TPP/TTIP > Yet those developers somehow can buy a computer for $1000+ and spend an additional $500-$800 on the tablet/phone? :)[1] In a word - Yes. I am a developer from a 3rd world country, and I bought a Mac Mini for $500 (not '$1000+') for the purposes of entering the Apple ecosystem. I'm not going to spend another $500 on an iPhone[2], especially since I'm not sure if it will work out financially. The emulator will have to do (my apoligies to anyone who'll potentially run my apps and encounter bugs I miss because of this). 1. I'm not sure if the smiley is an indicator of sarcasm or not 2. If push comes to shove,I can afford it, but I've already bought the phone I'll use for the next 2-3 years (OnePlus), and I'd rather spend the money on other things - like family. > You will get it back in the first couple of days if you make a good app . Well, there's the rub. Unfortunately, the vast majority of developers just don't make money on the app stores. I'm not going to beat myself up if it doesn't work out - I'm taking this as a long-term learning opportunity. If one of my apps takes off on Android (as proof that other people find it good - or I'm confident it is good enough), then I'll pay the $100. > I'd venture that Google's tightening its grip on Android and making it more closed than it ever was. A high profile engineer, JBQ, quit AOSP project for a reason It might seem nit-picky, but that is so vague as to be untrue. The reason JBQ quit, as I pieced together from his G+/tweets, was because of 3rd party drivers for a Nexus device that were not released as open source as he would have liked (he managed AOSP releases). Inferring from his posts at the time, this was something he realised as a potential problem ahead of time and notified legal, but it seemed nothing was done (or they failed in negotiating with manufacturer). I'm not a Googler, so I could also be off-base here. I apologise ahead of time if I misrepresented anyone. This is genius. My C is rusty, but isn't this more than visualising for humans, if I cast a NormalNode as ReversedNode, traversal should be reversed, right? (I.e.reversed->right is normal->left This sounds like a huge time-sink on both sides. The interviewee will need to clear up a lot of time to work on the small project (which is not always possible). This does not scale - the number of people that can be interviewed per unit time will go down drastically. This wastes interviewers time, they could be spending the time working on real work (unless the project is real work). If the project is a real work for hiring organisation, it likely would reveal to outsider things the company probably wants to keep secret (infrastructure, technology, processes, etc). Empires rise and fall. The British empire at its zenith was impressive as well and was almost unchallenged. Military supremacy follows economic development. I'm curious how the next 100 years will turn out (I'll experience 60+ of those, if I'm lucky), considering the following: - the shift in American demographics (how long will the slightly right-of-center politics hold? To which side of the spectrum will it shift?) - if China manages to sustain it's growth rate. Superpower status seems guaranteed at this point - how unified will Europe be? what happens to Nato An actual African here, I apologise in advance for the rant. Your comment is an amazing over-generalization of 1.1 billion people in 54 countries, Africa is a very diverse place, but you only see the worst of it ("feed these sorry kids for only a dollar a day") The article itself was rather vague on where exactly the laptops are sent (to schools? NGOs? families?), not even the country (or region) are mentioned. No sir, 'computers are being sent to Africa'. I think you're projecting western values (strong individualism) to the African context, and your conclusion "neighbours jealous of expensive electronics". How about "neighbours kids also share in using the expensive electronics"? In rural areas, residential clusters are typically made of extended family, so that neighbour is probably a sister or cousin. I have lived in 3 countries in southern (small 's') Africa, I can assure you that education is seen as more important that "2 months salary", some parents pay way more than that in annual school fees. I do believe in the 'singularity' stuff - but I doubt it will happen within the next 100 years. I don't think as humans we are ready for it yet socially or politically (post-scarcity). We're pretty terrible at distributing resources currently - not because of logistics mind you, but pure self-interest. that's not going to change overnight. If we were to upload our consciousness today, we're going to end up looking more like a balkanized "The Terminator" rather than "The Culture" You can still be fingerprinted by HTTP request headers alone. You can test the number of identifying bits your browser generates at EFF's Panopticlick[1]. It's scary. https://panopticlick.eff.org/index.php?action=log&js=no You could manually set your user-agent string to a more polular one (IE on Windows 7?). There are several browser extensions that allow you to set UA string manually for Chrome and Firefox. However, an adversary can also fingerprint your OS/patch level based on packet structure [1][2] - which can't be easily changed. This will add more identifying bits. 1. http://nmap.org/book/osdetect-fingerprint-format.html 2. http://www.windowsecurity.com/articles-tutorials/intrusion_d... > He is vilified simply because he became the last CEO of a beloved empire which was already gasping for it's last breaths That's being overly generous to Elop. The 'Burning Platform' memo was by his own volition and it played a big part in the decline. This essay nails what Elop did wrong[1] (a bit over-the-top though). Namely, he called his own product crap, and when he distributed the memo, Nokia had no solution ready - they were waiting on Microsoft (Osborne effect). "Hey guys, our phones are currently crap. That Maemo phone you're about to buy - we're discontinuing it. We will have awesome ones sometime in the future though. Remember to by a Nokia ;-)". 1. http://communities-dominate.blogs.com/brands/2011/08/coining... > Maybe a better question is, at what point do you think about eschewing the traditional Cisco/Juniper gear and look towards these techniques? Answer 1: when it's cheaper. Answer 2: when traditional gear gets in the way. My guess is it's mostly 1 and rarely 2 for most organizations. Might be a combination of both. > I think it is highly unethical that there is almost no democratic control over what is being developed at Google, Facebook et al. in secrecy. The most recent XKCD comic is quite relevant: http://xkcd.com/1539/ I consider myself to be very Left of center, but, I can't imagine what form of 'democratic control' you think is necessary over the research that Google and Facebook does. I do not fault Google or Facebook for planning on time-scales longer than most governments. Governments ought to be doing this level of long-term planning, but are not (at least publicly) Was the is the performance difference between HotSpot and Dalvik worth $45 million in 2006 dollars?[1] Those were the alleged licensing terms proposed by Sun ($20 million upfront + 10% Android revenue capped at $25 million). Your budget determines the kind of software you get. On a purely engineering basis, Hotspot might have been the better option, Business-wise, Dalvik made sense to Google. 1. http://www.pcworld.com/article/253666/a_timeline_of_oracles_... By describing 'the situation as it actually existed', he did a massive disservice to the company he helmed. I am not saying it was the reason Nokia failed, only that it was a huge contributing factor. You do not expect a company CEO to do negative PR - he damaged Nokia's brand and greatly harmed the confidence developers/consumers had in Nokia. > I don't think it's realistic to blame so much on a few hundred words. From the article I previously linked: "Gerald Ratner[1] was CEO of British jewelry group Ratners (since renamed Signet Group). He made a famous speech in London to the Institute of Directors in 1991 in which he said his company products were sold for such low prices "because its total crap." This remark was then published and caused his company to collapse and was only saved by his departure - and the rebranding of the company to Signet." Ratner destroyed his company in 43 words (relevant part of speech is on Wikipedia). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Ratner I strongly suspect Android's uptake by manufacturers and MNOs would have been far less if it was licensed as GPL. So there would have been an opportunity cost to Google (that is certainly not $0). Do you think Sony, let alone Verizon would cave and agree to the terms of the GPL? Remember this is in 2008 - Sony's DRM/rootkit scandal was only 3 years prior (2005). Edited: fixed my years > I think the quotee (not the article author, mind you) was, albeit indirectly, comparing the VR product to IMAX. Yes, everyone agrees that they were refering to IMAX. It is also legal for them to do so (and for Ars to publish this opinion) without seeking permission from IMAX first. Some people on HN are surprisingly disagreeing with this (or at least condoning IMAX's response) > > IMAX doesn't want people calling any large format theater IMAX. Also, there is no evidence that this is what happened here! The developer quoted by Ars might/might not have literally been referring to IMAX(tm). Only he knows for sure. This is not what the lawyer was whining about either - they were claiming that Ars should have sought permission from IMAX before using the trademarked term in the article. Which is bullshit. I don't understand how people can condone that - it's only a stones-throw away from a scenario where Google/Apple sues you for using their trademark without permission in your negative comment about one of their products. Verizon does not make phones - it sells them. It was responsible for much of Android's early success in the US with it's multimillion dollar "Droid does" ad campaign to the extent that "Droid" was synonymous with "Android". I'll play the devils advocate > Not just US, UK was also part of that agreement, and they also have done nothing to help Ukraine. Which 'Ukraine'? The government which was democratically elected (and deposed by protests) or the new government. Let's for a second imagine that the "Occupy *" movement was cozy with the Russians, and managed to topple the US administration of the time. Which America is NATO obliged to protect? If they hacked the NSA, I'd suspect most spies are known rather than unknown. There's a curious event where Russia expelled 30 UK diplomats from Moscow - and none of them were intelligence operatives (and this was no coincidence as 1/3rd of the staff were intelligence operatives) - it was just to send a message: "we know who your spies are"[1]. Edit: corrected number of diplomats & added citation 1. http://www.globalresearch.ca/five-reasons-the-mi6-story-is-a... > If she disagrees with the free trial don't put any of your music up for that time span Because Apple will not allow her to do so. It is not 3 universal calendar month: every user gets 3 months free when they start a subscription, depending on when they sign up for the service. Artist cannot opt-out of the free-service tier catalog and just go with the paid users. So Taylor Swift is withholding her music because she won't get paid for all the listens by users in their first 3 months. As someone else alluded to: drug suppliers still get paid for those free 'hits'. It's the distributor who swallows the cost in exchange for recurring revenue. How sure are you the outrage is 'hers' in the first place if it was in written form on a blog? Believe me, her tirade was edited, vetted and revised by multiple parties six ways to Sunday. It matters very little if the original author was TS herself. Click-bait headline by Reuters (and Guardian). The Delphi spokesperson repudiated[1] the "near-miss" description. "I was there for the discussion with Reuters about automated vehicles," she told Ars by e-mail. "The story was taken completely out of context when describing a type of complex driving scenario that can occur in the real world. Our expert provided an example of a lane change scenario that our car recently experienced which, coincidentally, was with one of the Google cars also on the road at that time. It wasn’t a 'near miss' as described in the Reuters story." 1. http://arstechnica.com/cars/2015/06/no-2-self-driving-cars-d... Sun did not allow anyone to use GPL Java (SE) on mobile devices ('field of use' restrictions). For that, you had to license J2ME from Sun under different conditions. If you ever had the misfortune of targeting J2ME, you'd know why it was a no-brainer for Google. I shudder to imagine writing Android apps using J2ME. It is prudent to note that Google didn't write its own implementation from scratch: they took advantage of Apache Harmony (by erstwhile Sun frenemy: IBM). This is the same Apache Harmony that Sun repeatedly refused to provide the TCK for no authority whatsoever. My statement is unfalsifiable unless TS/her team steps fprward.I admit it's all conjecture, but I should note that TS had a publicist handling her public relation for 7 years before moving that function in-house to her management company. TS has so far given me the impression of being business savvy and if I'm charitable to assume competence of her management company, I'd assume she would shy from legal minefields Given the above priors, my estimation is that her lateat blog-post (like all others) was vetted by publicist(s) & legal advisor(s). YMMV. No proof. This is the role of artist management companies. Taylor Swift has her own management company. All this gs being equal they managed her post. I could similarly claim "OS X El Capitan is being QA tested six ways to Sunday" without being in Cupertino. You could ask me for proof and I would have none. > ...I believe that browsers on Android also tend to use... The word 'also' doesn't belong here. Browsers on iOS don't tend to use core iOS components (WebView) : they are forced to. Your statement really isn't a counter point. Not GP, but where exactly was their argument anti-aesthetic? Art =/= aesthetics, Design =/= art. GP said: design trends are just manifestations of a particular temporal affinity towards one aesthetic or another which sounds reasonable to me, considering recent trends towards flat/ish designs Maybe you'd like to address his/her points instead of creating strawmen? The problem is not a trust/surveillance issue. From the first comment: > We (Google) use this for systems outside of our datacenters that need to understand our concept of time. > Google (famously(1)) runs a non standard concept of time, that works well if everything in your infrastructure knows and understands this and is designed to work with this. If you mix and match NTP servers within a machine you'll run into problems (since Google's timeservers are deliberately false ticking). IIRC, Google handles leap-second changes by spreading it over a day (or two). This will not end well if you also use other NTP servers that do things differently It's amazing how wholesale scraping of data was being celebrated, because the scrapers "were making the internet better". This is the first topic I've seen were the HN's usual Libertarian bias disappears and no-one challenges the underlying notion that CL is seen as part of the Commons. Channelling Dagny Taggart, I'd say 3Tap & PadMapper were a bunch of moochers. > there shouldn't be legal limits on that kind of behaviour to a publicly accessible system anyways. Are you sure about that? So you don't want any legal recourse for someone that overloads your API/web servers with thousands of requests per second? You might say a technical solution (like rate limiting) would do - but that will cost you time & money with no upside, and can be easily circumvented (use many clients in parallel with the same effect - hammering your server and increasing your costs) I think a law for that is fine, as a last resort. It will keep people at their best behaviour. 1. The owner of copyright determines how the product is to be used 2. Provider of a service can set out terms of service 3. When using someone else resource, it is polite to do as asked ("Please don't finish all the staples" or "Please don't use my stapler John. Jane can still use it") Increasing CLs server load & increasing their bandwidth costs was morally questionable, it became clearly immoral once they knew CL didn't like what they were doing. We likely are in agreement - isn't a rule against hammering a server 'a legal limit on the kind of behaviour to a publicly accessible system'? I was disagreeing with parent who said: > there shouldn't be legal limits on that kind of behaviour to a publicly accessible system anyways. > I'd argue that Google is an advertising company. Software, search and phones are just delivery mechanisms for the ads (which brings in the money) That is exactly like saying "The New York Times is an advertising company. Newspaper and website are just delivery mechanisms for the ads (which brings in the money)" Software/AI is a Google core-competency, calling it a "mechanism for ads" seems to be under-selling them, especially when a huge chunk of the software they produce has nothing to do with ad-delivery Unfortunately english isn't very precise: it's difficult to parse what MichaelGG was referring to by 'that'. I assumed he was referring to scraping (his previous sentence), but it's also possible he was referring to the CL case. For the record, I maintain my belief that there should be a law that applies to scraping of publicly available sites. > You wanna sue a business for scraping your site? Hey, fine, that's a civil business issue. (And really, there shouldn't be legal limits on that kind of behaviour to a publicly accessible system anyways > which is, a single harassment-focused group was disbanded. That wasn't the only event that transpired. I'd venture to say things got really intense after Victoria was let go and sub-reddits accounting for 33% of visits were shut down in protest of how the affair was handled (poor communication, no transition planning). I think the disconnect between the mods and Reddit's leadership is what got Pao fired; not the shutting down of FPH. and web. >"There is absolutely no excuse for a company—particularly one that has made commitments to free expression by being a founding member of the Global Network Initiative— to regulate speech beyond that which is required" . You are misunderstanding the EFF - they are not asking Microsoft to disobey the government but for Microsoft to not go overboard with the censoring. Currently they are censoring more than they are being asked to ('beyond that which is required' bit). It's like they are adding more restrictions to your already restrictive firewall - restrictions that you didn't ask for. To answer your question: no, it's not a bit much. > Making chips is a commodity business. The skill is in the design and patenting There's no point in designing (& patenting) a fancy chip that can't be manufactured in yields high enough to get a profit, is there? An approximate analogy would be wireframing a web application prototype (design) vs. egnineering the site so that it scales to millions of users (making chips). More on-topic, IBM probably announced a 7 chip that can't be manafactured with acceptable yields yet . Hypothetically, Intel could design a 5nm chip with It wasn't a problem when H.264 was new. There were devices that had H.264 decoding support well before it was popular with users; You might be happy to know that it's not a problem for WebM either! There are[1] devices that have VP8 decoding support right now. Just not all devices (just as not all devices had H.264 hardware decoders when it was new.) Obviously the iPod would supported H264 since Apple were a member of the consortium pushing it (MPEG-LA)[2]. Similarly, ARM Chromebooks support VP8 because Google is behind it. Several chip-makers have promised support: Intel is taking a wait and see attitude [1] and might support it in the future 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebM#Hardware 2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MPEG_LA#H.264.2FMPEG-4_AVC_lic... Your English text (and English in general, as we know it) will not be in use in 10,000 years. There seems to be a widespread, almost instinctive desire to achieve permanence (works or monuments) in humans, which I do not fully understand. People want to make a dent on the universe, to be 'remembered as heroes' etc. Nothing lasts forever, not your works, not your memory. All will be lost in the mists of time. I don't see this as a reason for nihilism either, you can make a difference with your efforts - it just won't last forever (or even 1,000 years, let alone 10,000). That's ok. It is hard to figure out when exponential growth will end while you are in the middle of it. Linus said something relevant to this in a recent interview on Slashdot[1], answering a question on dangerous AI. To paraphrase him: people are crazy to think that exponential growth lasts forever. As impressive as it may be (at the time), it's only the beginning of an S-curve. I've extracted a small part of his answer below. I think the whole interview is worth reading (it's a general interview, not AI-specific) ... I'd expect just more of (and much fancier) rather targeted AI, rather than anything human-like at all. Language recognition, pattern recognition, things like that. I just don't see the situation where you suddenly have some existential crisis because your dishwasher is starting to discuss Sartre with you. The whole "Singularity" kind of event? Yeah, it's science fiction, and not very good SciFi at that, in my opinion. Unending exponential growth? What drugs are those people on? I mean, really.. It's like Moore's law - yeah, it's very impressive when something can (almost) be plotted on an exponential curve for a long time. Very impressive indeed when it's over many decades. But it's _still_ just the beginning of the "S curve". Anybody who thinks any different is just deluding themselves. There are no unending exponentials 1. http://linux.slashdot.org/story/15/06/30/0058243/interviews-... > This is infinitely more impressive than Google's image generation. There are zillion ways to generate weird-looking images Google wasn't training their NNs to 'generate weird-looking images'. The NNs were for image-classification (which is pretty impressive), the weird images were just a visualisation/artefact of the training process. Was blocking caching on Google what he referred to as "interfering with Google and other search engines"? That's laying it thick. > Won't ever be "fastest" in embedded, no way you can run your v8 on such devices. V8 won't always be required for fast Javascript. If Web Assembly[1] pans out as planned, I can foresee embedded devices that can execute wasm code natively (or at least fast) 1. https://brendaneich.com/2015/06/from-asm-js-to-webassembly/ Both problems can be solved with today's technnology: make the robot airbourne to improve mobility, then tag friendly forces with some IFF broadcast. Declare a curfew and boom, everyone who's not a friendly is an enemy combatant. I hope I don't get to live to see such a day. Maybe "Drawn and quartered", but that entirely depends on the programming the warlord prefares. After all, AIs might become the Kalashnikov's of the future: every self-respecting warlord has a gold-plated one. Important detail: not once in my comment did I mention or hint at a corporate entity. I was merely commenting on a nation-to-nation level. You seem to be fine with French law applying to American nationals - what do you think of sharia law applying to French nationals? How about the law-of-the-week declared by some upstart banana republic dictator? Who gets to pull the lever on global law? Where do you, fit2rule, draw the line - is it only France? Only countries where Google has operates? only western democracies? Or does every sovereign get to throw what they deem illegal into the pot? French laws being applied in France ate fine and dandy. French laws applied worldwide? I'm with "corporate power" on that one. Someone needs to tell France to keep it's laws to itself. That is the essence of sovereignty The new structure won't affect the EU's investigations, as you had stated earlier. All the components the EU will whine about are still under the Google subsidiary (Search, Maps, YouTube, Android). The only companies exiting from Googles purview are Calico, Nest, Fiber, Ventures, Capital,and X. None of which were likely candidates for antitrust prosecution. >As long as that is less than 3k it's a net win Financially, you're right. But money isn't the only factor here. Would you pay $3000 - $WEEKS_SALARY to stay out of jail for the week? For some people, being in jail for a week is not a 'net win' More like mobile developers. Android development is mostly Java And you've reached the heart of the matter - of use to who? GPLv3 tech is of little use to pro-Tivoization organisations & people (hint: it's not the license's fault that your product can't ship it). GPL: more useful to users of the software. BSD: more useful to corporations, especially those that are pro-closed source/pro-Tivoization Parent quotes the W3 Spec to prove that it's legal, and your response is "it's illegal because $BROWSER say's so"? I trust the spec more than an implementation. I don't think anyone claims any computer systems are 100% safe. However, I think they will be much safer than human drivers. I, for one, will take the one in a million chance of a computer error over the probability of encountering a drunk/fatigued/distracted driver any day This would only matter if punishment was being dished out today - which is not the case. Everyone is being given a heads-up (until November 1). Also, Google has already set a precedent of punishing itself[1] for bad behaviour. 1. http://www.searchenginejournal.com/google-penalizes-chrome/3... It gets more interesting where the American companies own subsidiaries incorporated in other countries. Can a US court compel Apple's Irish subsidiary (for instance) to release data? Also, under the new regime, the moment he stops paying, the IDE stops working. Previously, when you stop paying,you'd be left with a working-but-outdated version. This is definitely a downgrade This was a solved problem: simply buy another Jetbrains 'upgrade' and you get fixes (or upgrades) for the following year. Subscriptions should be entirely optional. > 1. If they "go out of business" you will save money with the new model, because instead of paying for a year of the license in advance, you are paying by month. Oh, it's much worse than that. With the old licensing model, if JetBrains went out of business, you'd be left with an antiquated IDE that works . Under the new model, you'd be left with nothing because the IDEs need to call-home and verify against a licensing server. Who knows what happens when the licensing server gets decommissioned (I guess you could ask EA customers). Which do you think you have a higher chance of encountering: a computer glitch or a bad/impaired human driver? I like JetBrains & am a fan of their products (I'm a paying customer). I'm sure they are good people with good intentions. However, I'd rather not have this unnecessary complication - it wasn't broken before. > If they actually went out of business, I'm sure they'd to something to remedy the situation. That all depends on how they go out of business. They could too busy fighting other fires to write a patch that removes license-check, or it could be a hostile takeover with the subsequent "we are discontinuing $PRODUCT from next month" announcement >I just found a 7-inch tablet for £28 ($43.10) on Amazon (plus a camera and RAM and stuff). Including taxes and shipping. Why is this so expensive? Sales volumes determine economies of scale, it is likely the £28 tablet was made in quantities much larger than the pi screen (I'd guess at least 2 orders of magnitude). Also, not all screens are equal. It's not just resolution: there's colour reproduction, viewing angles, brightness, contrast and response time. On the non-technical side mentioned on the blog, they mentioned they wanted a manufacture who would make the panel for a long time. I would bet a dollar that Pi screen beats the £28-tablet display on all the above parameters I mentioned 3 things that might explain the price difference in my comment, not just economies of scale. I should have been clearer 1. Economies of scale 2. Difference in quality of the display 3. Booking factory capacity in advance (there's likely a huge opportunity cost to the manufacturer) >Are stand up comedy fans, kickstarterers, and film creators not part of Apple's target market? They are, but only if they buy/sell on iTunes. IMO - it's not the pleasure itself that is stigmatized, but the side-effects. Side effects including deteriorating health of the user, as well as the occasional resorting to immoral or even criminal means to feed the habit. There's also a whole dog-whistle aspect to the 'war on drugs' (e.g. massive differences in sentences on crack vs. cocaine offences) In the same vein as your comment, I might as well say back end development sucks because the default MySQL datastore quietly drops strings longer than the field[1]. These days front-end =/= Javascript[2] by a long shot (maybe yours is, but blame the person who made that decision for your project). 1. I don't know if that's still true. If it is, then I'm glad I no longer have to deal with MySQL. 2. GWT had strong-typing since forever. Not that I'm endorsing it, but it's still front end. I do recommend TypeScript entirely off-topic: 'Naledi' means 'star' (the celestial kind) in both Tswana and Sotho - 2 of South Africa's 11 official languages[1]. 1. Also included: English and Afrikaans. South Africa is a pretty diverse place https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Languages_of_South_Africa Most South Africans are multilingual, and English is commonly used (especially in urban areas. Rural tend to skew Afrikaans). "English is South Africa's lingua franca, and the primary language of government, business, and commerce"[1] However, only 9.6% of the population use English as their first ('home') language. Zulu has the highest proportion with 22.7% 1. http://www.southafrica.info/about/people/language.htm#distri... Nothing about open source precludes money from changing hands. Case in point: Red Hat. > Shitty business models are supported by advertising. Just because you do not like it doesn't make it a shitty business model: most sports are supported by advertising (e.g. NFL, UEFA). Endorsement deals, sponsoring teams/stadia/leagues and TV rights are just various forms of advertising. TV shows are also funded by advertising, as is most journalism that is not state-funded (a.ka. propaganda). > I think if people want your content they will pay. Publishers just need to bundle it the right way. This is incredibly difficult to do and all the attempts I am aware of have 'failed' by varying degrees (paywalls, app.net). If ad-blocking becomes a trend, I hope the websites as the blockers to pay instead of resorting to "native ads" or going out of business. Hopefully, the internet won't be stratified (rich vs. poor peoples versions of the web), but who am I kidding - happens in all other industries. However, my opinion is likely coloured by my circumstances: I am a biased 3rd-worlder. I'd prefer the status-quo and have the content I consume subsidised by ads targeted at the western middle class. I would not afford to pay for all the content I find interesting on the internet, especially now with the horrendous USD exchange rate. The sponsored content/"native advertising" is the next logical step. It can range from "product placement" in otherwise regular articles, to full-blown advertorials disguised as regular articles. No DOM-structure to block, no layout clues and very non-obvious to humans. I consider these to be more insidious than current ads that most are eager to block > Or, niche topics that can't draw enough support to stay afloat This isn't specific to adverts and applies to every industry/endeavour that depends on voluntary engagement for funding. Name one thing that does not require a minimum level of popularity to be self-sustaining > If there was a truly low friction way to get a single piece of vetted/high quality content for a marginal one time rate There is: ads, but people don't like them. I do no think there's anything that matches how frictionless ads are in exchanging value, but I'm sure someone else smarter than me might work it out; hopefully before the sites I like implode. How deliciously overt. Increase apps ecosystem & destroy competitors revenue in one blow. Which is good news for privacy because the one thing that can't track you is an app on your mobile device. It's a good setup, but I doubt it can scale. Ghostery is providing the blocklist, not Marco.I doubt they are going to stop anytime soon as they also have a browser extenstion that relies on it You don't have to wonder: Newsstand and iAd already exist. It's not a hypothetical. Apple is not "trying to take advantage of this" - it's an active participant! I'm sure there are several Sun Tzu quotes that can describe the unfolding proxy war. > "Apple doesn't believe in the long tail" Thank - you've succinctly put into words what's been bothering me about this whole affair. Economically, I am in the long tail (middle class 3rd worlder) and I think I've found the disconnect between me & the anti-ad folk. They are bothered by ads, and think if ad-supported sites shut down, nothing of value will be lost. Whereas I am not bothered enough by ads to feel strongly about it, and I don't want the ad-supported sites I frequent to disappear. I most likely won't afford to pay subscriptions in a post-ad world. I don't mind individuals blocking ads, but I fear the entire ad-supported ecosystem will be destroyed if a critical mass is reached. > Apple has done a pretty good job of building and supporting a long tail of app I think "adequate" is a better description of Apples efforts. Discoverability is still awful on the App Store, after many years. ...just like the Motorola ROKR Isn't Node more of an Application server though? I don't see Node replacing Nginx in the roles it's normally used for (serving static resources, reverse-proxy). I can't think of a single upside How about "taking heed of compiler warnings" as suggested by Linus? it's niether expensive nor mentally taxing To my knowledge, Contributor uses the same infrastructure and technology as ads, but with a different payload. All 3 problems you mentioned are problems being experienced today: 1. Google is already able to guage 'low quality' pages, co temt farms and pirates. This doesn't change 2. This happenens with ads, Google can add a rule saying you "can't have x amount of ads of you want to be on our network " 3.Likely to stay the same: I don't see how contributor makes fraud easier > In a place that is so startup-centric, I can't believe that there is so much pushback against startup-like pricing That would only makes sense if JetBrains were a startup. No one likes startup-like pricing for the sake of it- even on HN. Do you want 'startup-like pricing' for your car? I for one didn't like the pricing regime because it was retrogressive and changed what I understood to be a purchase into a short-notice rental. We already have enough food to feed the world[1]: the problem is distribution. Poor people can't afford to get a balanced diet that's already there, would the GM rice be miraculously free? 1. http://www.wfp.org/hunger/faqs > I'm no longer holding out hope that Java 8/9 will ever get to Android. That would be a little foolhardy on Google's part, don't you think? Considering the ongoing 'API copyright' wrangle that is Oracle v. Google I don't quite follow your argument (or if we're disagreeing). However, if they are allegedly infringing on version 6 of Java, how would follow-up infringements of versions 7 and 8 not be foolhardy? They are better off staying on Java 6 and eventually leaving Java altogether or only updating Java versions upon prevailing in Court (which might take a long while, appeals considered) It is likely that Google's take on "The ultimate Android experience" is different to yours: i.e. "cloud-sync" rather than "mount/unmount SD cards". FWIW - I'm pro-removable memory myself, for cost & convenience of data transfer Not iCloud: Apple would prefer you buy all your storage (NAND) from Apple rather than Kingston, Samsung or SanDisk. Soldered, with an Apple-sized margin. I don't think I'm being overly cynical, but I'm seeing qualifiers[1] all over the place. The phrases seem carefully constructed to suggest more privacy than what is actually offered. For example: "We don’t build a profile based on your email content or web browsing habits to sell to advertisers " but we do build profiles (bonus points for insinuating competition sells your information) "we don’t read your email or your messages to get information to market to you. " - but we do read and index your emails and messages, only to make our services and devices 'better' - by our definition The sentences are built to sound like the italicized parts are not there, yet they totally change (negate) the meaning. If I were a murderer, I could say "I do not kill men to eat their livers " and it would be 100% true, but it sounds like I'm not into killing at all. 1. Is that the word? Not a native speaker > Analogously, Apple only has iOS. There's no SafariOS. I'd say the Apple analogy would be iOS vs.MacOS. One could argue that the iPad Pro makes more sense if it ran MacOS. >> interoperate >That's what we're calling online profiling now? My Google Now cards on Android say "yes it is". They are driven by email, calendar entries and phone sensors all tied to my profile and it's bloody magical. YMMV. > The quality of writing coming out of wherever is not going to be the same as that of a native English speaker Any evidence supporting your statement? Or is it just pure anecdote. To counter your point: there is a long list of writers with accolades in writing (in English) who are not native speakers. There are people who are just poor at language, native or learned. Also, there's a class of errors that only exists among 'native speakers', the most grating to me, is "would of" >I don't know that a small business in Zambia has the capital to expand considering how many people can afford it. The answer is yes. There is a Liquid Telecom[1] is laid lots of fibre in Zambia, with the intention of having fibre coverage from 'Cape to Cairo' 1. http://liquidtelecom.com/news-events/news/263-liquid-telecom... How much is that user base and momentum worth? Billions? > even then it was a stroke of genius to "port" real life object interaction into the software realm This is my first encounter with someone who thinks that "doing X on a computer" is a stroke of genius. If X is not patentable, "porting" it into the software realm shouldn't either. You can't imagine working a French defence contractor? Or a bank anywhere on earth outside of the US? > Due process has no process in combat The problem with that attitude is how quickly the term "enemy combatant" will be (or was) redefined to mean 'any person we don't like' This is insane. By your logic: "I'm inclined to at least consider the possibility that the Russians are polluting American's precious bodily fluids because it suits their own interests..." What is insane to me, is the reasoning behind suggesting "X is beneficial to Russia. Therefore Russia is doing X" without producing a shred of evidence. I am inclined to at least consider the possibility that you are a NSA/GCHQ agent[1] attempting to discredit and diminish the reputation of Snowden and Greenwald. See what I did there? 1. https://theintercept.com/2014/02/24/jtrig-manipulation/ Fallacy, eh? Remember when the DOJ had a secret interpretation[1] of Section 215 of the PATRIOT Act: A federal court and even the author of the Patriot Act itself have revealed that the meaning of “tangible things” was not quite as the NSA had interpreted it, and the massive data collection was not the purposed of the provision [2] 1. https://www.eff.org/foia/section-215-usa-patriot-act 2. http://www.purplepolitics.com/articles/LTKEbLaSxJrMo9cRj I apologize unreservedly if I read more into what you said than you meant. However, your original comment was I'm inclined to at least consider the possibility that other foreign governments are helping out with making this information available because it suits their own interests In my mind, Russia is congruent with 'foreign government' and is the first that came to my mind. Perhaps you could specify which foreign governments you were thinking of? I will rephrase my take on your allegation to "X is beneficial to country A. Therefore country A is doing X", which is a crazy thing to say without evidence. > Unfortunately I am too marginal a person to be hired as a disinformation agent I hope this shows the point I was making: I made an unfounded allegation that put you on the defensive just by raising the specter of it being a possibility (in your words "I'm inclined to at least consider the possibility".) It is this Bill O'Reilly-style insinuation that I objected to. > If you can't countenance the possibility that your political hero figures could themselves be subject to manipulation I countenance this possibility in the same manner that I countenance the possibility of Obama secretly being a muslim: the probability for both is non-zero, but I'm not going to waste cycles worrying about it. My attitude to both is "support your allegation with some proof or GTFO." edit: added last quote & paragraph I don't think my statement added what he said: I only special-cased his generalized statement by substituting "foreign government" with the first one that came to my mind (the runner-up was China). See my other reply to sibling comment Is this the same Charles Arthur who contributes to The Grauniad[1]? If it is the same person, then I am not surprised by the lack of cogency. https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Grauniad Not disagreeing, but there is a fine-line between an argument being wrong and that the conclusion being wrong. Are you really right when you use an incorrect argument/process/information to arrive to the right conclusion? There's a whole epistemological debate to be had about the intersection of belief, knowledge and truth. Sadly Apple stopped updating Safari for windows a while back, and there never was a Safari for Linux. I am certain a sizable fraction of organizations/people are not prepared to buy a Mac for the sake of testing in Safari (depends on size of org & target demographics) > Count the motivations to resist alterations that would doubtless improve Chromium's respect for privacy. That's a very indirect way of explaining motivations. I am certain that there are conflicting requirements that have tradeoff and not as black-and-white as you make it seem. Firefox is a great contrast to Chromium since they are likely to have greater respect for privacy. Is there a privacy aspect that Chromium lags significantly behind Firefox? If not, then your hypothesis (on motivation) is wrong (proof by contradiction: Mozilla doesn't have the same motivations) >> the best argument against genetic causes of heritable lower intelligence > If you don't think intelligence is heritable, you're delusional GP was saying intelligence is heritable, but not necessarily via genetics. Bright parents are likely to be fairly successful and better able to provide a stimulating environment & nutrition that's needed for a kid to be smart (i.e. provide a nurturing environment) >The goal is very different. The article agrees, and suggests that because of this, Apple will miss out on the top talent that prefers to publish I very much doubt that's their job description. How is anyone working on Translate, or Self-driving cars "finding new ways to show people more ads"? > It's liable to get pulled if it gets any more popular Seems to me like instead of conceding that your challenge has been met, you are changing the goalposts. > But Apple's design language isn't doing the same in Android world. I don't how long ago you started using Android, but iOS design language was in a lot of Android apps. For example, a "Back" button on the top left corner when Android had a hardware (later software) back button, and navigation controls where normally at the bottom. I blame designer's who insisted on 'direct' ports of iPhone apps. Too many designers worship on the alter of Apple: I remember when brushed aluminium backgrounds where the rage (even on websites), this was later replaced by "linen" backgrounds and gossamer-thin font-weights everywhere. So I beg to differ: Apple's design language was making "significant inroads" on many platforms (web, native windows apps), not just Android. I must confess I feel a bit of schadenfreude on the turned tables. This is the industry reaction I expect from wide-spread ad-blocker usage. There's a certain future-blindness that afflict us techies: in our fervent zeal, we think that the things we don't like (flash, ads, and flash ads) will be "killed soon": instead, they evolve into hardier, more insidious strains (HTML5/canvas ads, native ads). > it's hard to get engineers making 6 figures to spend more than $50 on a tool they use every day of their working life I paid JetBrains $100, because their IDE is awesome, and worth every penny. $100 is probably worth more to me since I am third-worlder[1], I earn far less than 6 figures. >Intellij recently switched to a new plan that adds up to like $15 to $10 a month for all their awesome (but very specialized) IDEs and people are going nuts over how much that is No - it wasn't about the money for me; I was one of the very vocal critics about that[2]. The subscription was actually worked out cheaper per year! My complaint was that once you stopped paying subscriptions, your IDE would stop working (they have since backtracked). Previously, if your licence expired, you'd be left with a working IDE which you can no longer upgrade/get updates for, but working nonetheless. It also didn't help that I felt personally betrayed by the decision after recommending JB to my colleagues and coworkers for years. 1. Middle class third-worlder, but $100 is a larger percentage of my income vs. first-wolrd 2. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10171551 I think the west needs to think long and hard about nation-building, not just fighting wars. They also need to have frank discussions with their nominal 'allies' in the ME who are driving a lot of the instability. I have no doubts France has the capability to "seriously damage" Daesh, but what about Daesh's successor - which is likely to be just as bad (or worse)? Unfortunately, it seems like democracy (with it's 4-/5-year election cycles) is incompatible with long term planning. It's a mirror-image of the modern-day corporate world, with CxOs who damage the organisations they lead in the pursuit of short-term gains (and the resulting bonuses), except that election stakes are higher (keep/lose the job). I have no intention of belittling your experience - but "battlefield" is not the right term (unless you meant it as hyperbole). There were no battles fought (a battle is "sustained fight between large organized armed forces" according to Google). This was a terrorist attack on French soil - in Paris , the thought has weight-enough on its own, there is no need to frame it as a battle. Estrogen is carcinogenic. 1. http://www.cumc.columbia.edu/publications/in-vivo/Vol2_Iss10... 2. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10688862 I'd argue urination is less stigmatized than defacation('number two') or menstruation. How many times have you seen someone urinating in (semi-)public vs. defacating in public? It's not being disingenuous: by definition, a JVM has to execute Java bytecode, Android's toolchain merely uses Java bytecode as an intermediate representation. Dalvik VM =/= JVM, insisting it is because the source code was written in Java and/or transitioned through Java bytecode is being disingenuous. It would aslo imply Linux a JVM because GCJ[1] can compile Java bytecode to (Linux) executables. 1. https://gcc.gnu.org/java/ I think that attitude is deeply cynical. I know HR is not allied to employees: but to say that is the main purpose is a bit over the top. The cynical view sets a very low bar, it's like a comment on FinancialNews(tm) saying the main role of Software Engineering is to rush out code that doesn't crash. There are organizations where the statement is true, but you and I know there's more to it than that. Yes, the we don't ship code that crashes, but we can, and do a whole lot more > I would actually pay them to maintain this feature indefinitely, I'm sure others will as well If you are not paying for it, you are the prod... oops, wrong browser vendor! /s Seriously though, I know there are trade-offs to consider, but some of the technical decisions being made for Firefox make me wonder what they were thinking (case in point: Pocket). Too bad most Firefox forks tend to wither over time. Olimex alleged[1] that the '$9' CHIP was being sold at a loss (which I guess is par for the course for a Kickstarter project). >The Pi has not actually been all that cheap lately compared to the competition. I'm not a big fan of the RPi Foundation & it's relationship with BroadCOMM, but which competition are you referring to? I tried searching for RPi-like boards a while back but only came up with HardKernel & the bananaPi, and I don't think either is a proper competitor. 1. https://olimex.wordpress.com/2015/06/05/how-to-get-in-the-ne... That reeks of emporor's-new-clothes-ism. The statement both redefines a word and disparages those who disagree at once - two birds with one stone, I guess. > Adding a product logo for another (presumably for profit) company in a major browser is probably worth millions of dollars as past of a marketing effort - doing it for free is even more strange Saying "no money changed hands" does not make it any better. If anything, it makes the decision for Pocket integration by Mozilla less Lawful Evil and more Chaotic Evil[1], which is scarier. Edit: clarified that I'm referring to the decision, not Mozilla itself 1. I don't think Mozilla is evil, but the alignment system is my best explanation of my understanding of the bizarre decision > it ceased to be about just speech and opinion, and instead became something quite vindictive and nasty. A few points to ponder (from a non-American): 1. It was a bad precedent. How would you feel about pro-lifers hounding a CEO out because of a donation? 2. His opinion is/was not extreme or unusual. About half of the American population share his views. 3. Is it reasonable to expect the full-range personal of views (and voting patterns) of a CEO to be agreeable to every employee? My personal take is that the episode showed that no one has spine at Mozilla. Around the same time, people were raising concerns about Condoleezza Rice being on Dropbox's board; Dropbox's response was "we value her, she's not going anywhere" - and that was the end of it. I shouldn't have to say this, since what I said should stand on it's own merit: but I disagree with Eich's politics. However I don't think that it had any bearing of his capability and execution as a CEO. If my boss is professional & courteous when dealing with me, I couldn't care less if he were a KKK Grand Dragon. The road to hell is paved with good intentions. They should either focus on their core mission, or change it (to being relevant). Lack of focus/compromizing core values is a shortcut to failure. Saying "it's 1hard to be a relevant web browser if you can't X" is an excuse that can be used to undo each and every point on Mozilla's Manifesto[1] 1. https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/manifesto/ FYI: I am a black employee, but as I said, not American. It goes without saying that I'm speaking only for myself. YMMV >Intellisense, refactoring, go to definition of a symbol, and find symbol references. VS Code provides all of this (at least for Angular, which I use it for). I think JetBrains supports those actions as well (WebStorm) You can flag a post by clicking on its timestamp first > flag The rules and audits don't seem very effective: it's not just Diginotar that has been caught issuing rogue *.google.com certificates, but to my knowledge it's the only one that got removed from root stores. > Ballparking here but 80 of these will be a total failure Would those 80 still have failed if the mindset was "get 5x returns" rather than the current "get 100x - 1000x returns"? My gut says the demand for high-returns results in "total failure" in many cases due to insane burn-rates in quest for "hockey-stick growth" > Well, for people upholding certain cultural values like me, which are not exactly too far-fetched, it's pretty obvious why an era where people watch live gaming in droves is depressing when contrasted with the decline of journalism I think you're just getting old - and I don't mean it in an insulting way. You can be certain that the Greatest Generation weren't pleased with how the baby boomers were not "upholding certain cultural values" when they were listening to Rock n' Roll instead of "real music"[1]: and yet now Rock n' Roll has it's own cultural cachet. Culture is dynamic. I do empathize with you, but complaining that the younger generation is losing values is an old, old phenomenon. 1. http://rock103.iheart.com/pages/twisted/banned/ Check the amperage of your power-supply. I had the same problem when I had a questionable power supply that was providing insufficient juice. I must have gone through 4 SD cards - the problem went away when I switched to a 2-amp transformer/adaptor. Another thing you might want to check is how well ventilated your Pi is, high temperatures might also toast cards. > I fully agree that Go is a poor language if you are building a large, monolithic application. I find that statement hilarious considering that it was explicitly one of the design considerations[1] for Go. So they either failed massively, or there's a difference in perspective on what a good language for programming in the large is. From Rob Pike's talk[1]: > Go was designed to address the problems faced in software development at Google, which led to a language that is not a breakthrough research language but is nonetheless an excellent tool for engineering large software projects. 1. https://talks.golang.org/2012/splash.article > Compromise is the name of the game In most cases, I'd agree.However, it's never a good idea to compromize on your mission statement. How does pre-bundled Pocket integration promote an open web ? IMO, it goes against it. While they are losing market-share, Mozilla are not running out of cash any time soon and they are not in a death spiral. They can afford to, and should think long and hard about how they diversify their revenue streams, rather than trying random decisions that alienate part of their userbase trying to find anything that sticks - which is the impression I'm getting. Why the rush to distribute it first and figure it out later? Couldn't they figure out the API extensions required during development, but before shipping? The question is how much money and at what (ideological) cost? Employing people is not Mozilla's core mission. As the recent Wired article[1] says "...the Mozilla Corp. must still find ways to make money so it can pay the people to develop Firefox. But if its money-making schemes stray too far from Mozilla’s ideological roots, there will be little to distinguish Mozilla from every other Silicon Valley outfit" I hold Mozilla to a higher standard, just as Mozilla ought to. 1. http://www.wired.com/2015/12/mozilla-is-flailing-when-the-we... > I think calling clear and understandable writing for "anti-intellectual" is the stupidest thing I have heard in a long time. "Clear and understandable" to who? Communication in general, and writing in particular, usually has a target audience. If your audience can grok[1] it, go for it! As an extreme example, you cannot write a "clear and understandable" PhD thesis in Linguistics while avoiding five-dollar words (to borrow the term). I think XKCD's "up-goer five" is a suitable counter argument against words that are too simple to clearly communicate complex ideas succinctly. Jargon has its place in language. 1. Meta-excercise: attempt to use the word 'grok' in casual conversation with a non-techie. > So, at first, they've told us that they don't have enough resources to pour into Thunderbird because they were working on something else. That something else was Firefox OS I'm not really familiar with Mozilla's internal org - so I have just had a look at Mozilla Corp's leadership page[1]: there is an SVP for Firefox, and an SVP for "Connected Devices" - who authored the linked article. There are no other SVPs: which suggests MozCorp consider connected devices to be as important as Firefox . It looks like Thunderbird is orphaned and has no champion within Mozilla (I don't think the Firefox division wants it). So it looks like it boils down to org structure & politics (for the lack of a better word): Thunderbird is dying because it's an unwanted step-child, and FirefoxOS is revived because it's the biggest thing going on for an entire division/department ("Connected Devices") 1. https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/leadership/ > Are you saying up-goer five is a good example of simple word usage or a bad example? A bad example (because of the resulting verbosity and inexactness). It's an example of how simple words are inadequate to explain complex ideas succinctly > You can in fact write clear and concisely in a phd thesis You ignored the rest of my sentence. I did not say [you cannot write a "clear and understandable" PhD thesis]. I said [you cannot write a "clear and understandable" PhD thesis in Linguistics while avoiding five-dollar words ] > But since the author assumes the reader has a large background knowledge in the field, it will still not be accessible to the average reader Who exactly is the "average reader" of academic writing? It sounds to me like you are making a blanket statement: "jargon is bad". I am saying jargon provides useful ways of expression. > They probably have the skills to acquire it without contacting GitHub as well. I'd say they definitely have the skills to acquire it, if QUANTUM {INSERT|DNS}[1] are still operational. As you said, it's probably not worth it. 1. http://blog.fox-it.com/2015/04/20/deep-dive-into-quantum-ins... > 3. Digital means no tyranny of authorities. Gone are the days when books used to be "banned" by state authorities for whatever reason. With digital, no one can subvert your freedom to read anything you like. That depends on how controlled the digital platform is: a few years ago Amazon deleted[1] purchased books from Kindles (George Orwell's 1984 - for maximum irony points). 1. http://www.nytimes.com/2009/07/18/technology/companies/18ama... > There would be more people employed, if not for "labor rights movements". That metric (number of people employed) does not really mean anything by itself. Here are more ideas that could lead to "more people being employed": * make child labor legal again * get rid of work safety regulations * remove minimum wage * make indentured servitude legal > I would totally agree with you IF this kid hadn't proven his chops with iPhone and PS3 hacks, not to mention building a self-driving car in his garage. Impressive as they are, his chops still don't support his claim to "know everything there is to know". The Dunning-Kruger effect is in full swing. Why does it need to stop if you agree that its a fact of life. No one is saying 30 y/o's are enlighted, just that they have a bit more perspective. The same can be said for twenties vs. teens. It's not that teens are idiots - they are just teens with the life-experiences & perspective of a teen It looks like you want to have your cake and eat it: > If I have a website that is reachable on the internet that hosts a wiki and logs access, does that mean I am doing business in all countries that have internet access? I'm guessing your answer to this question is "No". However, since you feel you are not doing business in Brazil (for example),then why complain when Brazil blocks your site? If your answer is "Yes" and you agree that you are in business in all countries, then you should be compelled to follow the laws of the countries whose populace are earning you wealth. Morally and pragmatically, I feel that if you gain financial benefit from a country, you should follow their laws. If you find the laws unconscionable - refuse to do business there. My foundational statements, I think most people would agree to the follwing: 1. Sovereign countries have a right to formulate laws and uphold them to protect their citizens. 2. Companies can choose where they do business. In most cases, the relationship with host countries is symbiotic (benefits include skilled employees/employment, taxes). No one is suggesting that WhatsApp is breaking the law, however, Brazil requires WhatApps cooperation in a criminal investigation (criminal, by Brazilian law). WhatApp chose not to cooperate. Brazil's judiciary have come up with leverage to gain that cooperation, in the absence of more effective means (arresting WhatApp officers if they had an office in Brazil, as a US would in a Contempt of Court charge) IMO, legally this is similar to the UK using ISPs to block the Pirate Bay - it's perfectly legal in Sweden. Extreme example: the US would be entirely within their rights to block an Italian porn sites that has videos of 15 year-olds. The company won't be "lawbreakers", but they are not welcome on US's cyperspace > “The internet is not a law-free room” It's worse than that - only American laws are applicable on the internet world-wide, and most of HN is fine with that without any second thought. The US has never been shy applying its laws abroad, with numerous examples: domain name seizures with the tenuous nexus being "Domain Registrar is a US entity", prosecution of the Pirate Bay and Kim Dotcom, the TPP. Brazil intends to take action that only applies within its borders and suddenly the sky is falling, all because it's against an American company. > Even if my commute is 8:20-8:50 and yours is 9:15-9:45, we're probably both heading into the city centre from outside, so the same car probably can't serve us both). If you are willing to share the ride, you can have the same car serve you and someone else who shares a similar route and is willing to travel 10 minutes early (or late - can be incentivize by a discount). Self-driving cars can make car-pooling easier - it can be a hyperlocal public transport system. Pick up 4 people who are traveling from/to within a 2-mile radius with each other, and peak traffic will be 25% of what it is now (best case). It's even simpler considering that most people commute the same route everyday. The quickest solution to your years of suffering would be getting an iPhone. * More flexibility: currently a driver has to be first in, last out * ability to add more vehicles on demand * automation And here I was thinking (mobile) apps were the current fad. >Companies should beholden to the laws of the places they reside. My belief is slightly different: companies should be beholden to the laws of the places they trade (or do business, or earn income). I think it's both moral and pragmatic in a real politik way (he who pays the piper and all that). If a company thinks it can get away with ignoring the laws and at the same time benefiting from the same country, they shouldn't be surprised to find themselves cut off. This is why US companies are bending over backwards to onerous demands by the Chinese gvt (and following Chinese laws) in order to gain access to the humongous Chinese market. Money talks, and the Brazilian judge 'hacked' the legal limitations: I consider this to be an extra-territorial contempt of court sanction. It is well within Whatsapp's legal rights to keep ignoring this, but it wouldn't be advisable with the 1m subscriber bonus to its competitor. > All the experienced security guys itt... Ah, so those who disagree are inexperienced? No true scottsman indeed! My reading of tptacek's subtext is that Facebook wanted to show the researcher that they were really , ALL-CAPS serious, as in "get you fired and ruin-your-livelihood if you don't stop" serious. These mafia tactics are fine because the Facebook CSO "built a good team and knows what he is doing" Facebook's terms say they will not prosecute /report whitehats to law-enforcement. Facebook could prosecute, at the price of some goodwill from the security industry (or part of it). I'm sure a competent lawyer to mount a robust defence for the security researcher (beyond reasonable doubt, IMO). Intimidation. > It it was, every pentester in the country is getting way underpaid, because this is not an uncommon pentest finding. No wonder there's a flourishing (and well paying) blackmarket for vulnerabilities. I wonder how much this keys-to-the-kingdom vuln would be worth (Mitm Instagram, bootstrap a botnet, steal celebrity pics, ... the possibilities are endless) > Wes counters that, "[Alex] never for a second believed I was operating on behalf of Synack" I'm not sure how Wes knows what is going through the mind of Alex As blazespin[1] mentioned in this thread, Facebook's own terms states that they only pay individuals . That's how Wes knows - because Facebook's bounty program never deals with companies. The only other explanation would be Alex is ill-informed about the terms of Facebook's bounty program. 1. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10755746 > but if it's between "call his boss" and "tell legal that a bounty participant has FUCKING GONE ROGUE WITH ALL OF INSTAGRAM'S CREDS" False dichotomy - those weren't his only options, had he bothered to think more on it. There was an even better option, which strangely he chose not to take (assume an actual rogue actor got there before Wes and react accordingly: rotate the AWS keys, password reset for affected users, update SSL signing keys). It bears asking - what exactly was he trying to achieve by calling Wes' boss, and has he achieved it? This is not his brightest moment. > At this point, it was reasonable to believe that Wes was operating on behalf of Synack > He "assumed" because the researcher signed up for the Facebook bounty program as an employee of Synack and used his Synack email to communicate with Facebook. He wasn't guessing. He didn't look the guy up on LinkedIn This is a load of bolony / ass-covering by Alex - Facebook's bounty program explicitly deals with individuals only , not companies and Alex knows this. From https://www.facebook.com/whitehat/ > We only pay individuals edit: down-voters, please point out the faults in my logic. The problems I have with your absolute statement: * You are stating that all (not some) experienced security folks are agreeing unanimously. The implication is that those show disagree are not "experienced security guys" (as you called them: "everyone else") - they are the ones who aren't true scotsman * you assume those who don't explicitly indicate that they work in infosec industry do not work in the infosec industry * also, you do you need to be "experienced" in the infosec industry to be correct / wrong. Facebook's disclosure policy reads: >If you give us reasonable time to respond to your report before making any information public, and make a good faith effort to avoid privacy violations, destruction of data, and interruption or degradation of our service during your research, we will not bring any lawsuit against you or ask law enforcement to investigate you. IANAL: but it could be argued (in court) that he had Facebook's permission to getting the AWS keys. In his opinion (and mine) he made good faith efforts to avoid privacy violations. Facebook's official disclosure policy has legal weight. There is legal concept (whose name is escaping me) that could apply that in laymen's terms say the official disclosure policy gives him Facebook's tacit approval - I first heard about it in the Oracle v Google where Google argued a blog post congratulating Google provided tacit approval. apologies - didn't notice you weren't OP. IMO, the "no true Scotsman" is implied (might be unintentional) If we are disagreeing, I don't quite follow your argument - I never said that this was the worst/scariest thing Facebook could to do (there's no upper limit). What I meant was that the action by Facebook was intended to intimidate (and not that the specific form of intimidation was the worst possible) >Why do people always assume newer = better I can't help but to notice the irony of your statement in a thread about GTK3 (since they are ripping out functionality in the pursuit of newness) That's nothing financiers (banks) can't solve. There are historical examples of smaller companies buying larger one (especially interesting as a counter-maneuver to a hostile take over bid: though it doesn't usually end well) > ... the United States is "the greatest country that has ever existed on Earth" IMO, the statement is not as absolute as it first seems. At one point, Rome held that title, about 100 years ago it was Britain, in another 100, it probably will be China. > I'm arguing that their handling of GCC and refusal to support it as a library directly motivated the creation of LLVM and led to a scenario that better supports the creation of proprietary software I'm sure they are well aware of that. I don't see how they could have handled it differently without compromising their core values. Allowing GCC to be wrapped by proprietary bits would be unconscionable since it curtails user freedom (to modify & improve the software). The differences in core-beliefs between Apple and FSF are irreconcilable: the former is pro-Tivoization and the latter is anti-Tivoization. Your stance on Tivoization ought to be a fair indicator on which side of the fence you stand, and no side will ever be able to convince the other side: at best you can agree to disagree. > If this had been snuck into a regular patch with no fanfare, would we even be talking about it? Oh, yes - we would be talking about it, at some point in time. This was going to come out one way or the other (dissecting firmware updates is a veritable cottage industry). Juniper had to announce this in order to control the messaging and maintain trust, when it comes to security, trust is the foundation. Not really - I'd say he's showing concern with the execution rather than the idea of enforcement. The other thing I got is he hates GPLv3 (but not v2), and also is not a fan of the BSD license: > My only real concern about a BSD license is it lets for-profit corporations hire your developers away to work on a proprietary fork (as I ranted about here and here). This is why BSD the operating system has never amounted to anything: Sun looted them in 1982, BSDi looted them in 1989, and Apple looted them a third time around 1997 and never stopped stopped. (None of which explain why Free, Open, and Net are separate projects.) > But honestly, I think the FSF has now made the GPL more of a liability than an asset. I've spoken on panels defending the GPL but GPLv3 was a career limiting move. LLVM and PCC and Android are all organizations that were fine with GPLv2, until it got painted with the same brush as GPLv3 and the contamination spread to cloud the old thing "Unicorn" is rather well-defined (if somewhat arbitrarily):any valuation north of $1bn qualifies a startup as a unicorn. In some cases - such as this, the $1bn+ valuation is fleeting / illusory. > users of netflix is not concerned with knowing what bitrate the video is That's part of the author's point: if netflix can halve their bandwidth without users noticing, they will earn massive savings. Apple & Amazon will also want in on the savings (being competitors and all) VLC can play anything! More seriously: the bitrates do not affect a player's compatibility with the container or video/audio format. For instance, if VLC can play H263, it doesn't matter if you use Handbrake to output 5100kbps or 100kbps. I'd guess not much, unless Apple has a bunch of cell-tower patents lying around. Ericsson divested from the handset business after pulling out of the SonyEricsson joint venture. I hope you're also assuming Ericsson isn't stupid either. Ericsson have several (compounding) advantages: since it's their core-competence, they have more people working on RF tech, they also have been in the game for longer[1] which allowed them to get the low hanging fruits and time to get their tech into more standards. I'd guess Ericson has more cellular patents by at least an order of magnitude; likely more. 1. Ericsson has been in the telecoms business since 1876 > If they hadn't already published it, why not? It could have done some good before, but does no good now. My guess is that there are a lot of documents to go through, which will take years. Are you advocating for a Wikileaks-style unreducted data dump (against Snowdens wishes), or you want Greenwald to "work faster"? Add an "apt-get autoremove -y" cron job The "best" probably don't want to work on something as boring as the steam client. Given the choice of working on the Steam client, the Source Engine, or HL3 - which one would you choose? It's the downside of a flat organization where the staff choose what they work on, without being assigned tasks by management. > It’s never been about being the first to do something. It’s about making it accessible to the masses I suspect the purpose of this statement is to conjure up the ghost of, and likely draw parallels to another "revolutionary genius". This trope needs to die: it undermines the effort put in by the giants upon whose shoulders these alleged "ubermensch" stand. > Companies don't have a DNA What then is this "company culture" I hear about all time on HN? Also, what percentage of employees have changed at Microsoft since the "old" Microsoft - 60, 75, 90%? If companies don't have DNA/culture/behavioral momentum and can change at the drop of a pin, it implies all the work that has been done can be undone by Nadella's successor in short order. Apple is more of a forker/adopter of open source projects rather than a creator. It's not better or worse: just an observation on a number of their open source projects. > Java APIs would not change the fact that the reimplementation is infringing under the law. That's not an established fact at all. There is a whole lawsuit going on about it, if you haven't heard. If the final ruling is that APIs can be copyrighted, I'll change careers and never buy/condone the purchade of an Oracle product for as long as I live. Aren't a significant chunk of those people "working on the linux kernel" 1-commit wonders? My guess is if we rank by man-hours, Windows would top the list, possibly followed by OS X. Your statement is confusing (and possibly wrong depending on how it's read). There are no patent grants in GPLv2. However, OpenJDK carries an automatic patent grant (outside of GPLv2). I wasn't sure OS X would be ahead of Linux, that's why I hedged my statement. Also, while the embedded Linux ecosystem is rather large, what fraction is kernel code that gets upstreamed/mainlined? As an outsider, my guess that it's a minority (some work with is on non-kernel code, and not all through embedded kernel code changes are/will be in the mainline kernel, so I would not count those as actual contributions). I say this as a Linux desktop user/layman. > it's perfectly reasonable to have entries for popular anime shows, but we don't need hundreds of stub pages for every character in the show You know what grinds my gears? Pages upon pages of 'useless'[1] anime guest-characters, and yet when I tried to add pages for real-life artistes from my (3rd world) country, I had the pages deleted for "lack of notability". This must have happened a decade ago, but I told myself "never again". Now I ignore Wikipedia's pleas for content under their "Wikipedia loves X" campaigns because I know they don't mean it. I doubt Wikipedia's cultural bias can ever be cured with the current editorial structures. 1. Useless to me! This is very much tongue-in-cheek >It will be interesting to see if the SaaS subscription/rental model changes this. I think the rental model will slow this down, but not get rid of it entirely: not as long as people still want to write blogs about the "new version of our product". I think JetBrains will make a good case study: their products are feature complete and they seemed to struggle to find new features to add lately (plus they have switched to rental model). What we really need is something similar to API versioning: when GMail has a new version, bump up the version to 24, but keep version 23 accessible to those who prefer it. > Speech recognition barely improved since the 1990s. I find it hard to believe, do you have any citations for that - or is that just your gut feel? A cursory search shows a 26% error rate[1] for Dragon NaturalSpeaking in the year 2000 (beaten by IBM in the same report at 17%). By May 2015, if Sundar Pichai is to be believed, Google has an 8% error rate[2]. In my books, 26-to-8% (or even 17-to-8%) is far from barely improved. 1. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC79041/#!po=1.562... Table 3, General Vocabulary 2. http://venturebeat.com/2015/05/28/google-says-its-speech-rec... There are people out there working harder than you, but are stuck in poverty. They were born at the wrong time, or in the wrong family, or didn't go to the right schools. You ought to be self-aware enough to know that blind luck plays a huge part in your employability. > The most common way of becoming poor is not to produce wealth. How could we fulfill our "strong obligation" and force people to produce wealt There is a break in your logic: your conclusion would only make sense if not producing wealth is the only way of becoming poor, which is not the case (think bankrupting medical bills that can make you poor even as you 'produce wealth'). To answer your question directly: you can fulfill the strong obligation to stop people becoming poor by having a strong social security net, and possibly a guaranteed minimum income. > How far are you willing to follow this line of argument, should a company help with enforcement Sharia Law, or the North Korean weapons program also? (They conform to local laws!))) The answer is yes - if the company wishes to do business in Saudi Arabia or North Korea respectively. Morals aside: should Heineken (a Dutch company) sell alcohol to 18 year-old Americans in California because that is legal in the home country? Or should they follow American laws when they are doing business in America? If Heineken finds American laws unconscionable, the best they can do is to not do business in the US. If they want the US as a market - they have to follow the (local) laws. Only in a fascist dystopia do companies get to pick and choose the laws they would rather follow. > At the lowest level of income in a society, you're poor, as everyone else is making more than you do. That doesn't sound like the correct definition of being poor. To me - poverty isn't relative but absolute: if you live on less than $X amount a day, you're poor. The amount may vary, depending on who you ask (and where), and this amount depends on the cost of living rather than income percentiles. If most people makes more than you, you are poorer than them - but not necessarily in poverty (or poor). I can safely say there are no poor Apple engineers, regardless of the existance of someone being the least paid Apple engineer. > There will be emulators for our architectures, and random work from random people in 2015 AD will happen to persist to 102,283 AD That will need the required ISAs to be recorded somewhere robust enough to last 100 millennia; you can bet it won't be "the cloud". They might even need "Programmer Archaeologists" who will know where to hunt for the ancient specs, and prove Vernor Vinge right (A Deepness in the Sky) I hope there won't be some Library of Alexandria event in the intervening period. > Their society is homogenous Honest question (not directed specifically to you sradu): I've seen this statement pop up now and again, and every time I've seen it, it is referring to Nordic countries. I am beginning to suspect that it's a dog-whistle: am I wrong? What exactly is being referred to as 'homogenous' and why is it an advantage? What disadvantages are presented by heterogeneity of other countries? Are you suggesting that AWS will last 100 millenia?! I know we still have some roads the Romans built, but 100,000 years is a long time (compared to recorded history). Amazon will be lucky to last 100 years. > n practice, yes, most things we buy are designed to fail. But in principle 30 years is possible, if anyone is willing to pay for it. My mom is still using a cooking stove she bought in 1982, as a second hand purchase. Parts of it have been repaired/replaced, but I don't think they make em like they used to: I doubt a 2016 stove will make it to 2049. It's not that creating more durable products is significantly more expensive (it could, and was done in the 80s), its that manufacturers cut costs of manufacturing and their B.o.M. in the interest of maximising profit. You don't get to dictate to people what is a non-issue to them and what is not. Everyone has different experiences which affects their outlook and what they deem important. > I have kids, they get home crying, because people call them this or that. So, it's time to grow up. The "sticks and stones" argument, really? How about you call the next black person you see the N-word and then tell them to grow up when s/he becomes 'sensitive'. > Wikipedia's mission is NOT about usability, but to provide an encyclopedia that can be used, edited, forked, reproduced EVERYWHERE without anyone having to fear lawyer attacks. To that, I say [citation needed]. Where in their mission statement do they state this particular stance on lawyer attacks? About that amazing Trump prediction: I have my doubts that Scott truly believed it himself. Quoting his thoughts, in 2011[1]: > Most of those authors don't believe their predictions are likely to pan out. They're making calculated bets that in the unlikely event they guessed right, they will become famous. That's worth a fortune in future speaking gigs and book deals 1. https://web.archive.org/web/20110421130209/http://www.dilber... ? I suspect the VC ecosystem encourages/condones the lumping of mature, money-earners with the money-burners as "Silicone Valley". It serves them (and founders) well/if in people's minds, startups are nascent Googles and Apples > At best, it's better, because the US government didn't have to meddle quite so much to force such growth to occur. The US government does its share of meddling; just not in tech (since Obama overrode the Apple import ban in HTC v Apple). What do you think "promoting American interests" is a euphemism for? Farming/agriculture is a good example: farming subsidies and skewed trade are just as forceful as the Chinese protectionism. It's a Russian proverb[1] made famous by Ronald Reagan during the cold war. Offtopic: before today, I was unaware of the (alleged) Russian roots of the statement and assumed Reagan coined it. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trust,_but_verify > The problem is that JS is really easy to make mistakes in because of silent errors, dynamic typing, type coercion, etc. All those are not a factor in this instance. It seems to me it's a result of calling exec() on unscrubbed user input, and this can be done in any language. > Even more bizarre is how they predict how many stars you'll give something, which seems fairly good. And then go ahead and recommend items with few predicted stars To play the devils' advocate * It's good for the user because their algorithm is not perfect and you might actually enjoy the 'few predicted stars' movie * It's good for the algorithm because it allows fine-tuning in the cases of false-negatives and adds more data points * having only high predicted stars in your list will probably move your Overton window on what's good/bad. > I think for this to be "Next Now" they need to provide more information about something like this, especially since they claim to be concerned about it. To be fair, Apple - the self-proclaimed mobile security champion - similarly claims to be concerned about security but does not[1] readily provide all that information (cipher suite, key management). The results after Googling "iPhone cipher suite" all point to non-apple domains. Dry reading makes poor copy on any landing page, and most consumers will take the manufacturers word for it when they claim to be "secure". 1. https://www.apple.com/iphone-6s/ > Does such an insurance policy exist already? Not to my knowledge. I believe parent is being sarcastic. If an impact event occurs: a) claimant might be too dead to make the claim or b) markets would probably collapse, making the payout worthless. So there is very little point in buying that kind of cover, the only party with an upside is the insurer - hence parent volunteering. > You have IntelliJ, PyCharm, RubyMine, CLion, and now this. That's excluding plugins for other IDEs To my knowledge, IntelliJ + plugin = any other JetBrains IDE. It's a solved problem already: if you want multi-language support, purchase IntelliJ. However, the plugins lag behind the standalone IDEs on features. > This will have to be very good to be better than Visual Studio on Windows . You might as well be right: on OS X, Linux or *BSD however, it will be a completely different story due to the absence of Visual Studio. > I'd bet the main problem is that they don't use C++ much themselves internally I doubt they use all the languages their IDEs support internally - there's just too many! (Java, PHP, Javascript, Python, C/C++, Ruby, Obj-C). The problems are probably because CLion is one of their least mature products. Availability beats quality. Given the choice between not watching anything because it's not in your Netflix region, and streaming/torrenting, most people would choose the latter. > Sure, closure and being able to say it wasn't MH or Boeing's fault is great, but not worth much more than the $100M already spent. That's a very cold thing to say. This thread is a slightly insensitive, it's akin to mechanically calculating the financial cost of 9/11 (planes, buildings, responders) and then saying "sure, closure [...] is great, but not worth more than the $X already spent". geez. > Maybe you should have gotten a better machine then. If by a few years ago you mean 2010, then sure. We're 1/2 a decade past that now. I disagree as a developer who does (personal) development on a 2010 laptop (1st gen Westmere, upgraded to SSD). My laptop is perfectly adequate for my development work (Android, Python). Besides, no ones should have to run Windows via hypervisor in a multi-platform world such as the one Microsoft is promising for C#, this is what makes beefy machines 'necessary'. > But this doesn't mean the issue isn't present. No one is saying that the issue does not exist. However,th author is suggesting that since it hardly impacts paying customers, it is going to get low priority. > Honestly, desktop Linux is the most expensive OS out there if you count the value of your time I had the opposite experience. I do tech support for my extended family and I grew tired of cleaning up viruses and chasing up drivers from questionable sites. 3 years ago, I started pushing everyone to Linux (Mint). I must say, I have saved myself a lot of time (yes, I do value my time) > But is this really what we want? Do we want to broadly discourage all wealth creation at the same time? Is this a given/has this been proven? I do not believe taxation (alone) discourages wealth creation. Otherwise certain high-tax countries would not be 'creating wealth' today. >> However, inequality has a definite effect on economics and prices, so we can deduce that if the ratio of the two salaries were greater than it already is, while the job remains the exact same, then his mother would be in a worse position > Inflation is a separate problem It's not just inflation: supply/demand dynamics will be changed across income levels. For example bidding wars might cause rentals to go up, and the mother will be outbid (see: gentrification or recent news on San Franciso rents) > The EETPU dealt with the problem, other Unions, the NUM (National Union of Mineworkers) did not. It was their aggressive confrontational policies that wrecked worker solidarity in private industry. I'm not English, but from my (lefty, somewhat uninformed) point of view - wasn't it Maggie Thatcher who "wrecked worker solidarity in private industry"? Or at least wasn't the downfall of unions around her time? Aside: I have a colleague from Liverpool, let's just say he wasn't distraught upon learning the news of her passing. > I hope when all the software and entrepreneurial people on this forum are going through hard times instead of good as we are now we are not judged as harshly as you judge those going through harder times now While the tone is harsh - he has a point on voting against their own interests. I think a similar argument for developer is already being made on HN, concerning taking a pay cut in exchange of worthless common stock. I see no need to sugar-coat calling out poor decision making in any sphere. Asking as a GNex owner: what did you expect Google to do when TI decided to exit the mobile space and could no longer maintain its drivers for newer kernels? I was pissed off, but only at TI. > If I were to predict, I'd see Node switching to ChakraCore as its primary engine in a year. Chakra doesn't even compile on Mac OS or Linux, where the majority[1] of instances run. If I didn't know better, I'd say Microsoft isn't interested in Chakra-Node running on other platforms - only on Windows, but with a V8-beating performance or other 'desirable' Chakra-only extensions (extend). Want high performance NodeJS? Find it on Windows/Azure (extinguish) 1. This is an educated guess Moderators: shouldn't the title have a (2011) at the end? That is when it was authored. > While I agree with that view on GPLv3, the foundation went much further by actually supporting companies which ignore software licenses. You may not like GPLv3, but you're bound by the rules. Just to note: the Linux kernel is explicitly[1] licensed under GPLv2 ( without the the "or later" clause). This makes GP even more offtopic. 1. http://git.kernel.org/cgit/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.g... > I seem to remember that the (much more expensive) purchase of Motorola was considered as a defensive move specifically to counter Apple IP claims Or more specifically, to counter the $4.5B Nortel IP that Apple, Microsoft et al outbid Google to get. In retrospect, the IP arms race was foolish and extravagant. The perspective in Sun was not unanimous. Frankly, I'll take Jonathan Schwartz' blog (CEO) over Gosling's. I doubt Google had any plans to sell big iron. > Play store and all the Google apps is very definitely not free. You keep repeating this, yet all the public knowledge on this subject (leaked docs) suggests that Google apps are free as in beer. Not only are they free, but OEMs are willing to jump hoops (contract with Google) get the $0 Google apps. Do you have any sources that say Google sells it's apps to OEMs? Are we playing dueling quotes? He is what Jonathan had to say for himself: "I just wanted to add my voice to the chorus of others from Sun in offering my heartfelt congratulations to Google on the announcement of their new Java/Linux phone platform, Android. Congratulations!" source: http://web.archive.org/web/20101023072550/http://blogs.sun.c... >But believe on whatever Google sells Because if I disagree with you, I must be drinking Google's coolaid, right? Edit: before you say the quote was part of "putting on a happy face", maybe have a look at what he had to say when he was called as Google's witness in Oracle v Google. It is also telling that he was called in by Google, rather than Oracle. Apologies for my somewhat off-topic question, which is only tenuously related to the topic: is there an open-source application that is capable of reading or converting .vml ultrasound scan files that are produced by proprietary devices? > So what is a "high-end" black name? The unfortunate implication of parent's statement is that there are no "high-end" black names, and therefore all 'black' names are low-end. Fuck, this is depressing. >Well on HN, it seems Google cannot do no wrong Is this HN pre-Reader shutdown or post-Reader shutdown? "How soon will Google shutdown awesome product X?" is practically a meme on HN. Not that HN is a homogenous blob anyways. >The fact is that Google forked and frozed the Java eco-system. Now in 2016 we are stuck with a Java 6 and a half No, that was IBM. As I recall, Apache Harmony[1] was already in existence by the time Google adopted it - they weren't the 'forkers'; they merely popularized it. IBM was Harmony's main benefactor - IBM and Sun were Java frenemies at the time. My favorite moment of the tiff was IBM's delightfully subversive naming of the "Eclipse" project. >Google just managed to do what Microsoft failed at Had I mentioned that before the Sun purchase, Oracle also supported[2] Apache Harmony? Sun was steadfastly refusing[3] to provide the TCK needed for Harmony to be officially certified as 'Java' That said, I'll take Java 6.5 over Java ME any day . Sun was absolutely clueless on mobile, and ME was a very bad idea and a terrible platform to develop on. 1. http://web.archive.org/web/20061208140800/http://harmony.apa... 2. https://blogs.oracle.com/dagastine/entry/apache_harmony_than... 3. http://www.apache.org/jcp/sunopenletterfaq.html Sorry - I meant .MVL! Do you have any citations (even semi-official) that support the idea that OEMs pay Google for the contracts? The leaked OEM contracts[1] did not support your hypothesis (to be fair, they do not discount it either). 1. http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2014/02/new-android-oem-licen... Sidelined by whom, exactly? Page & Sergey still own controlling shares in Alphabet > Note the use of different drugs and the brain washing experiments after which some innocent people never recovered. One of the victims of MK ULTRA experiments was Harvard undergraduate student Theodore John Kaczynski (who later gained infamy as the Unabomber[1]). I can't help but to wonder if history would have turned out any different had MK ULTRA not existed 1. http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2000/06/harvard-... > The bad actor is the company whose product grows too wide for them to support. Trimming back is a good actor You're reframing the argument in an Apple-friendly way. Screaming isn't a sign of a win, it's a sign that Apple doesn't know what to trim ahead of time - that is in no way a win for the customer. >>Your tax dollars at work. > Wrong. >This video and test were done by the IIHS I believe GP was not referring to video, but to the safety legislation leading to starkly improved safety performance of the 2009 vehicle (I thought their second line made this very clear) > why it was not fair for Oculus to sell if it was fair for him to sell. It probably felt unfair to him because Oculus was kickstarted by gamers (like Notch), and Minecraft was self-funded. Since the backers (gamers) felt like they were stakeholders on Oculus, they probably were disappointed that Oculus was bought by Facebook, rather than Bethsida or Valve. > Most Google apps supports a way to have multiple Google accounts active, typically by adding /u/[numeric index of a specific Google account] FWIW: instead of manually entering the numeric index, you can enter the full email address instead. so you can enter /u/john.d@work-email.biz or /u/j.doegg@gmail.com. This is handy because the numeric index depends on the order in which you logged into (added) the accounts and I don't want to have to remember that! > Reading the about page really makes me hope that private efforts to launch mini/nano satellites actually works out That sounds like a good idea, but it gives me Kessler Syndrome anxiety. We already have a bit of space debris on our hands > IMO it's foolish to think the laptop form factor is going anywhere, barring a fundamental shift in UX Hindsight is 20/20: I remember a time (2012-ish) when a lot of people were banging on the "post-PC world" drum and anointed the iPad as the harbinger. > Certain people claiming to be engineers have optimized on finding out what you're trying to accomplish and either blocking it or taking credit for it This is not universal, perhaps you ought to stop working for dysfunctional organizations > The best policy for an engineer is the one I described Again, not universally applicable. It might be the best policy for brogrammers. I didn't downvote, but your statement in no way refutes parent argument. Typically =/= always. It's similar to someone declaring "HN was down", and you reply by saying "HN is typically up" There's a difference between spies & gun-toting operatives. Spies usually work under diplomatic cover, but operatives (think seal team six) probably don't get their passports stamped when they enter a country. Wasn't a UK citizen illegally rendered, detained at Guantanamo and released after many years without being charged? I haven't heard of any enquiries/investigation s into that episode by the government across the pond. Well, the government could increase the tax to levels that force the matter: automate or get no profit. However, I dont think this could be stomached in the US (by both politicians and self-sabotaging voters). Automation is inevitable, but unfortunately for the American working class, all of the benefits of improved efficiancy will be going to a few (shareholders), just because you were conditioned to think 'socialism' is a bad word. I already see the sentiments being expressed here on HN rehashing the 'welfare queen' argument. I tell you what: a whole lot of you will be arguing for basic income when they automate your job, but it will be too late then. Good luck finding another job that's yet to be automated and pays anything in the same ballpark as your old one. >> I haven't heard of any enquiries/investigation s into that episode by the government across the pond . I'm referring to Her Majesty's government: Italy isn't the US's poodle the way the UK is, the thread was discussing the non-action of the UK government due to political inconvenience > But nobody was sad when it got killed, you know Oh my, isn't that damning with faint praise? It's an indictment against Apple: Ping was so bad no one missed it. Do you mind explaining why? Short circuits are common, and are mitigated against. Reversed voltage is exceedingly rare, especially for USB C with mirrored contacts. It's only disingenuous if you're stripping away the context of the thread, further upstream, ancestor comment said: >>>On the other hand, that product stance helps [Apple] avoid Google Reader-type situations. and GP replied: >>Right, it gets them into more iTunes Ping situations. followed by: >But nobody was sad when it got killed, you know? Nobody misses iTunes Ping or iAds or MobileMe Which is damning Apple with faint praise. >It would be mighty disingenuous to somehow suggest that level of failure is a statement of the possibility of future success for them considering how big their hits are That's a non-sequitur. No where in my comment did I extrapolate or attept to divine Apple's future failure/success. I find it hard to find fault anyone who resists 3rd parties attempting to Embrace and Extend ("augment") their product. It is pretty obvious to me that getting disintermediated from your users lowers the value you offer & makes you a disposable part of the stack: as soon as the 'augmenters' become popular enough, they'd replace CL with a home-grown solution > that's not breaking the law. When speeding is done as part of the police officer's job, it is not breaking the law. By definition, whistleblowing is disclosing information that shouldn't be disclosed.This is why there needs to be whistleblower protection: so that the "illegal" action is no longer considered illegal but a civic duty. > The Pulitzer Prize for Public Service in 2013 was awarded to an investigation that... Funny you should mention that, in 2014 , the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service was awarded to journalists who worked with material illegally provided by Edward Snowden: http://www.pulitzer.org/winners/7200 > The purpose of test equipment is to diagnose weird situations...Its requirements are to be as robust and transparent as practical That doesn't set a clear-cut boundary, does it? What seems practical to you might be impractical to the test equipment maker - especially when cost is considered. Should the test equipment be robust enough to handle 1000+ amps? I'd say no, someone else (maybe even you) might say yes. >Now if you google "blender is " today, you get these Sorry, that's not what I'm getting, I'm getting Blender is free Blender is slow Blender is better than maya > However if you spend enough time looking at combat photos and videos, you get a good feel for what kind of situations are captured during combat I strongly disagree with this armchair analysis, 'gut feel' isn't good enough! Some photos happen serendipitously (not sure if that's the correct word for combat photographs). I'll be damned if the Saigon Execution[1] or the burning monk[2] were staged - yet the framing and timing could not have been any better. 1. http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-XwjZTVlnghk/U3Jv5jqOpBI/AAAAAAAAJF... 2. http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ul72G5EX-Pc/VYjrTroozbI/AAAAAAAAJ5... Except it isn't - because of sampling biases. > Take the most average person you know The average person you know might not be close to population average, depending on the circle of people you know - let's say Stanford post-docs. > After reading several replies like this one I finally understand why I'm being downvoted...See, you assume that the article is in english, the audience is supposed to be from US, and the context is US culture I'm not American, and I downvoted you for taking away from the discussion. What were you expecting from a link that reads "Unseen images of the war from the winning side"? Did you expect the Viet Cong to lack conviction in their beliefs? > Personally, most of the information I was fed about Vietnam war throughout my life was the bullshit of Soviet and post-Soviet anti-US propaganda, so seeing this shit once again without any context seems sick.I guess a person from US, who have been mostly subjected to the other perspective, wouldn't understand it. Speaking as a person born in a former colony, what I find sick is the pro-imperialist mindset that assumes being a western/american puppet state is better than getting communist benefactors in the fight for self-determination. Liberty or Death. To project your comment onto the software world: "That said, I can see why professional software developers feel threatened and perhaps a little insulted too... Most projects in the article and on his Github profile look merely 'good enough' or 'usable' (as opposed to 'great')" Which isn't too far off the mark, if I correctly recall Microsoft and Oracle's attitudes to free software circa 1999. Yet here we are. > With weak IP laws, tecnology moves at a snails pace and small business owners really can’t compete. I beg to differ. With weak IP laws, technology moves at breakneck speeds with no artificial roadblocks (patents). Take dual-sim phones as an example of Chinese innovation - virtually every Chinese OEM supports them. Imagine if Apple had invented (and patented) this tech: only Apple would have it. > So, you would prefer to live in a North Korea to the South? 1. That's a false dichotomy -those are not the only options. The unstated implication (western-style democracy = success, communism = failure) is also wrong because there are many other orthogonal dimensions at play 2. Is South Korea a puppet state or a colony? 3. I think what you are really asking me is if I would rather be Fed or Free. There is no correct answer, but I would prefer both. How about you; would you rather be oppressed and flourishing or free and impoverished? That doesn't mean that people can't change: as recently as 1995, the majority of Americans did not approve of interracial marriages[1]. 1. http://www.gallup.com/poll/163697/approve-marriage-blacks-wh... > I wonder if it says something about the codebase. Well, this is Amazon we are talking about - they like dancing to the beat of their own drum. They also forked Android. > For now they will just warn on it. In a few months they will send it to spam As a recipient of all kinds of mail, I'm okay with that. I'd rather not see that unencrypted email than have it QUANTUM INSERT'd or whatever the Chinese equivalent is. > You can use full disk encryption on your own server. Not every country has laws that force you to forfeit your crypto passwords It won't count for anything if the emails your server is sending/receiving are not encrypted, which exactly is what Google is advocating. I don't understand GP's smug rejoinder, as if encrypting emails in transit is a bad thing. > Also worth mentioning that Hoover might be posthumously jealous regarding the amount of dirt Google might have on, well...everybody. No, it's not really worth mentioning, unless you're implying that Google is blackmailing government employees to expedite rule changes. If you are seriously suggesting that, own it. Hoover would be jealous of any tech companies, from Apple (remember the Fappening?), Twitter (how many Carlos Dangers are out there?), Mobile Operators to your garden variety ISP, but most of all - the NSA. In fact, if he were alive and in charge of the FBI today he'd wrangle up an ongoing "inter-agency information sharing" set up, and would not be jealous of anyone at all. My comment has nothing to do with spammers, and everything to do with the possibility of unencrypted email I receive (spam or not) being nefariously tampered with while in transit (see QUANTUM INSERT) > Any other (more sane) interpretation might be a really, really profoundly stupid statement, as well Agreed. The exercise in measuring charitability is merely academic in this instance. The bottom line is a VC has said a really stupid thing which goes against his earlier pronouncements on NN, because he literally has money on the line as an FB investor. Which ever way you look at it, he sounds like an out-of-touch corporatist. Is that how it was before the Internet, grandpa? > It felt nice when you had to... Said every aging generation ever, I mean, the last part of that sentence could be any of (read a book|sit down and listen to the radio|watch broadcast television) and someone out there reminisces fondly of the better, simpler times. I think there are 2 types of twitter users. The first type follows many accounts and skim through the tweets with no effort to go through all of them. This feature is a Godsend for them. The second type of twitter users, like myself, follow a short list of people, and we actively curate this list so that we can read all the tweets in our timeline. I have just realized that it is in Twitter's best interest if everyone was in the first group - which is likely the majority of users. > So every time I tell it "I hate this", it thinks I actually dislike the people and tweets, which is actually the opposite. On the official android client, you can dismiss the second popup without clicking on "I like this" or "I hate this" by clicking anywhere on the screen. I'm not going to train your stupid robot for your stupid feature. In the out of court settlement, Warner agrees to allowing a judge to declare the song to be in the public domain, however, the judge will have to agree to it. "the settlement stipulates a proposed final judgment and order that would declare the song to be in the public domain" ... "An agreement to have a judge declare the song in the public domain is no doubt unusual and will likely command some attention by the judge on review" Why is Warner suddenly graciously agreeing to this, you may wonder: "By agreeing to the settlement, Warners avoids going to trial to determine whether it should be punished for collecting licensing money for many decades" Disclaimer: IANAL > there's still the problem that those tweets that it thinks I love ... seem to disappear from the timeline I had not noticed that! I always dismiss the "you may have missed" without reading, it's quite insidious. It's time I changed clients It's preposterous for him to prescribe how others should use twitter. Besides, I don't read each and every email I get either. The thing is I do not trust an algorithm (or popularity) to accurately tag what an "important" tweet is to me. So I tend to follow single-purpose accounts with high signal to noise ratio - if I follow you for your insights in algorithms; serial-tweeting your cat pics will get lead me to unfollow you. I know I miss out on a lot of C.Sci wisdom from people who tweet prodigiously, which is a shame I wish twitter had user-defined 'channels' like @user/cuda and @user/cats so I can selectively follow a specific channel that interests me... > There is no mechanism to archive all of the content we are generating efficiently While we can't archive all the content, the folk at the Internet Archives* are put heroic efforts in preserving the notable content. If Soundcloud doesn't make it, I hope they at least work with the Internet Archive to preserve the data. 1. https://archive.org/ > most of the engineers flailing around here work with PMs in their day job, whose job it is to do what isn't getting done here Good PMs are hard to find, and the problem is far from solved. Some PMs add to the problem by adding more forms with even more mandatory fields that have very little to do with actual development and a lot to do with feeding into their "Project Reports". So, don't buy that beer too hastily. > I find it really sad when projects grow enough that they start seeing user input as a burden Low quality bug reports waste everyone's time: I don't know of any developer who would disagree (open source or not, paid work or volunteering). If the "user input" is low quality bug reports, then it is a burden. Complaining that Issues enables low-quality bug reports isn't hubris. > Let things cool off, take a hard look at things internally, get the stakeholders committed to actual change, then provide an update. This is not an update - this is "we're looking into it", which should precede the internal soul-searching and actual change. They should have released this the moment they decided they were going to look into it - to outsiders, that moment seemed to be 29 days after the open letter was published. > I've never understood people who believe this You can think of your death as a hard-and-fast deadline to achieve all your dreams - this is pretty motivating for some people. Steve jobs had this to say in a 2005 commencement speech[1]: "Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything — all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure — these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important" . Other people's death's can be a gift as well: tyrants don't get to rule forever, and out-dated ideas die with their generations. Immortality would be a good thing in a "Culture"-like society: i.e. if we manage to solve all the other human problems (like greed and poverty) first 1. http://news.stanford.edu/news/2005/june15/jobs-061505.html > They have a duty and obligation to oppose Which is why they are likely to put up token opposition - enough to placate their supporters. Everyone panders to the center when election time comes, because that's where most of the voters are. This is why the rhetoric is extreme during the primaries, but is significantly toned afterwards. Will the central-mass of the voting public be amused by yet another "obstructionist move" by Republicans? That is how it will be spun by the Democrats: the ads will basically write themselves ("instead of working, the GOP is shutting down government. Again") > For it to be useful as a hard-and-fast deadline I think everyone has a rough idea on their personal upper limit of their productive time (for me it's 70). There is no lower limit, just like a project with a deadline might be cancelled at anytime. I do not think baseline homo sapiens have the hardware required to cope with immortality or extended lives (all those memories, lack of the human condition). How bad is time compression experienced at age 7000? A week is a long time to a child, I bet the decades will just fly by. I can imagine the ennui. We would have to evolve into something beyond human to cope with this. It's not going to be in my lifetime, so excuse me for being comfortable with my mortality. > My objection to 3 was it did nothing for me...Giving us a GIL-less pypy with jvm-scale performance would be worth a lot of hassle. worth a lot of hassle to you . I imagine there are people who wouldn't find it worth the hassle. e.g. people who use python as a glue language where it's not close to being near the performance bottleneck - breaking the language to make it 'faster' would do nothing for them. MOst of the quotes made sense to me: >> “changed the code” (the scare quotes bit) Might not be scare quotes but a direct quotation >> to invent a “vaccine” This is pretty obvious - an antivirus >> the secret formula... fell into the hands of Russia and Iran They got a way to get the virus' signature, as well as copies to reverse-engineer >> increasingly stronger versions of the virus >> the most deadly version of the virus Might refer to virulence or how quickly the effects were ramped up. The most effective viruses are not the most transmissible (burn themselves out and/or are quickly noticed) > now that Russia and Iran have a copy of stuxnet we're all doomed not doomed per se , but it would probably be better for the average american if this hadn't happened. The worst thing about this, IMO, is that it set a very public precedent on the use of 'cyber-weaponry', costing the US moral high-ground > it's pretty clear at this point that we need to expunge all C language networking code from the world Will you bell the cat? I'd pay a lot of money to see Linus' reaction to your massive network-stack replacement kernel patch written in Rust. More seriously though, who is prepared to fund this? Is the risk worth that much effort? Because I see a lot of people being vocal about it on HN, but no real attempt is made to come up with a safe Rust-based alternatives > So mixed messages again No mixed messages here, Google has a penchant of making 2 of everything[1], and they can keep at it for years at a time. ChromeOS & Android, Google Maps and Google Earth (and Waze!), and so on. There is cross-pollination of ideas, and some products eventually coalesce. > Is 'Inbox' the next-gen Gmail interface or a hobby project I think the answer is 'neither', just like the iPad wasn't the next-gen MacBook. Inbox is just another email client that is certainly not for everyone, it holds a little too strongly to the inbox zero philosophy to be mainstream. Having both Inbox and Gmail as separate products makes sense because at their core, Inbox and GMail are different beasts, I use both for different contexts. Inbox is great for organizing my personal email, GMail is great for work email. I wouldn't trust Inbox to properly organize my work email, and I don't have the energy to manually organize my personal email. 1. http://arstechnica.com/business/2014/10/googles-product-stra... > But Apple would still need to have the court orders for each user. Yes, and Apple doesn't want this as a precedent. It does away with one of their go-to selling points these days: security/privacy. If device security can be surreptitiously undone by an OTA upgrade, what's really the point? I'm sure the brilliant legal minds at the DoJ can come up with creative interpretations to enable the next stage, which would be to do this in bulk as a special point-release. That's a very creative interpretation of winning a war: if we were to apply that to Germany and Russia, then Germany had won its last war against Russia > This words are very encouraging for entrepreneurs. Sounds like an non-sequitur to me: what's the link between Apple and entrepreneurs, and why should they be encouraged? Shouldn't they be encouraged by commoditization of silicon instead? >90% of kickstarted/'maker' projects would vanish if step 1 were "have your own silicon" Sounds like you might prefer the Serious Business Edition(TM) [1] of Phabricator. I don't fault them for having a little fun/being irreverent (or as they call it:'flavor'), but it's a config setting you can toggle on your deployment, seriously [1] 1. https://secure.phabricator.com/book/phabricator/article/tone... > Well as the article points out, adding modules involves taking out the battery Are those modules hot-swapable? If the hardware and/or software does not support hot swap, there is a distinct possibility that they intentionally designed it this way: i.e. you have to power down before replacing modules. It would not be much more difficult to switch to "push-to-eject" battery mechanism which would make powering down optional when changing modules. Food for thought. > nothing (OS-WISE) changes hands, it doesn't 'get out' It would have to 'get out' if it's installed on the phone. You are assuming the FBI (or other interested TLA agencies) lack the ability to extract the the compromised OS from the phone and/or retarget it to other devices. An even more nefarious scheme would be to modify the current code on the iPhone so that it logs Apples signing as they apply the update, but that edging into tinfoil territory > Google (which uses Apache code, but doesn’t contribute back I disagree. Outside of Raleigh, I think Google is currently one of the biggest champions of 'giving back' in letter and spirit (code contributions and research papers). Would you mind expanding on how Google doesn't give back? I don't know if I can take Apple's stance seriously either since I don't know how much revenue they (Apple) make off the federal government /s. > But you need to understand that telegram rolled not only their own crypto, but their own DB, PHP compiler and so on. Everything is written in C++ All of these sound like once-off items, and don't support/explain why it would cost $1M+ a month > Correct me if I'm wrong and Google has actually sold anything. You're wrong, Google sold SketchUp[1] in 2012. SketchUp most likely wasn't hardwired into Google infrastructure (as a desktop app), and had been an acquisition. 1. http://investor.trimble.com/releasedetail.cfm?releaseid=6676... Any tips on how I can reliably trigger a BSOD? For old time's sake. > maintaining anything proprietary under linux is a chore, with the ABI changing every year for no reason Is Skype a special snowflake to the extent that it's an impossible task? Skype-on-Linux's problem are caused by interface changes with the server API, not the ABI. Recompiling isn't rocket science. >And in fact, in all those years, they've failed to even better Photoshop (Gimp is still far behind), MS Office Your memory is selective: they did however, manage to make a better IIS (Apache, Nginx), a better IE (Firefox, Chromium) - even a better System X kernel (BSD as adopted by Apple). Win some, lose some. > that warrant can only be obtained from the judicial branch of government by law enforcement officers conducting a criminal investigation You seem to be laboring under the assumption that your phone company is more benign than Google, which is an assumption I am not willing to make (for Verizon or ATT among others) I'm not disagreeing with the US Military research, but the effectiveness of teams in command-and-control environments probably doesn't translate well to more voluntary, at-will engagements like your typical work-place. Besides, companies aren't (yet?) able to break-down and rebuild tween males as armies have been doing for millenia. Special Ops::Conventional forces :::: Skunk Works :: corporate workplace. They are specially selected and are non-representative. Whatever lessons that can be drawn there are inapplicable to conventional forces, let alone regular teams in the corporate environment. They might apply to special project teams ('skunk-works' type projects), but that has limited value as it is not scalable. Why would an open-minded team enforce conformity (via 'cultural fit')? I feel that the alluded conflict of personal efficiency vs team efficiency is something that is overlooked in the perennial open-plan vs office debate. It is easy for individuals to measure our own efficiency, but hard to measure, or even appreciate team efficiency. My suspicion is open plan offices are better for team efficiency than private offices, but worse for personal efficiency. > Swift is compiled. One can expect better performance.Swift is compiled. One can expect better performance. Since we are discussing targeting Android: Java (and Kotlin) are also compiled ahead of time by the Android Runtime (ART). This has been the case since Android 4.4 (KitKat) when ART became an optional replacement to Dalvik. > So I think your point, while valid, does not apply in any way to Xamarin! I'm afraid GPs point is still valid - UX (the experience) is more than just native/native-looking widgets, but how the app conforms to platform conventions. For example, iOS apps typically include(d?) a back button at the top left corner; even if the button is rendered faithfully as an Android widget - that app will feel alien on Android (it was also an easy way to spot lazy iOS 'ports'). I think edge-swipes are another iOS convention for navigating back/forward, which would be foreign on Android, so I fully agree with GPs statement: Each platform requires UI work to make it really fit the platform in question > I apply "startup" also in the sense of "startup-like" teams in large companies who are required to innovate rapidly I think we are in agreement - the applicability is likely to limited to 'small' specially chosen/specially tasked teams. i.e. it does not scale to thousands of employees (otherwise the army would be doing the same for conventional forces) > Linux would be hurt more by nVidia's absence than nVidia would be hurt by Linux's absence. Maybe for the desktop, but not overall: Nvidia is heavily pushing supercomputing/machine learning and it can't afford to ignore Linux in this space (since Linux dominates). If Nvidia were to abandon Linux, they would be gifting AMD a free come-back opportunity. >If for some reason supercomputer builders could no longer use the best GPUs in supercomputers, would they stick with Linux or would they follow the hardware and switch to a ⋆BSD on the compute nodes? I have no idea what the answer would be, but my guess is it would hinge on 1) AMDs reaction, and the performance hit (if any) of switching to AMD GPUs on Linux and 2) the performance hit (if any) of switching the OS to *BSD The following answers were particularly applicable at the time Ubuntu came onto the scene. > What was so bad about Debian ? 1) Unpredictable upgrade cycles. 2)Packages in stable were a bit on the ancient side. Ubuntu LTS is awesome (other projects like Firefox have since copied the fixed release cycle) > If you don't like Debian Why not give a a bsd a try Because BSD had (has?) poorer driver support for consumer products (like on my dev laptop) I don't care much for Canonical and some of their other projects (Unity desktop, Ubuntu One), but Ubuntu as a project is pretty kick-ass. Ubuntu stepped into desktop linux in a big way as other Linux vendors abandoned ship (see RHEL) > requires that Apple write new software it does not currently posses I'm not American, but how is this different from the demands imposed by CALEA? If the platform did not support wire taps, you would have to put in work on a feature which wasn't there to add wire tap capabilities. I'm not OP, but the gist of his argument is you cannot be secure against the government if you cannot be secure against Apple first. If Apple continues to force people to trust it, the government will subvert this trust via legal means. I find the argument quite congent. It's not getting lost in the weeeds, but generalizing the problem; instead of just fixing this bug, why not go ahead and fix the whole class of possible bugs? > Any reason? Yes. The full recommendation reads "This time round, we’re recommending a 2.5A adapter if you want to connect power-hungry USB devices to the Raspberry Pi." So I guess the assumption is the average person won't connect power-hungry USB devices to their Pi 3. > and now have to pay up for the privilege! of being allowed to advertise for Axel Springer publications. Very much off-topic, but your punctuation error left me wishing English allowed for infixed exclamation marks. This would place emphasis on the word 'privilege' rather than on the whole phrase (as the case when appended to the end of a sentence). I think more like Verner Vinge's Programmer Archeologists[1], rather than Historians. 1. http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/4424 > If we can just make it so that AI gets our jobs first, then maybe the AI will take care of us That's not how 'Capitalism' (as currently practised) works - the owners of the AI reap the benefits and avoid paying taxes while certainly not taking care of you, why would Walmart AI or Disney AI care about plebs like you? > Globalization is coming for all of our jobs As a 3rd worlder, I say it's about time. It's unjust to have the world as your market without having to compete against everyone else. Maybe you should hire whoever is lobbying for American farmers because their subsidies are destroying farming elsewhere. It would only work if the difference between the water level and the top of the wall is less than rouhgly 30ft (as per xkcd). The bottom line is, the siphon will not work if it has a vertical water column taller than 30ft (water weight per unit area becomes greater than opposing atmospheric pressure) > I think that the point is that it would be a good practice to disclose that Did you check the articles' URL? It's blog.jetbrains.com (i.e. an official JetBrains blog). A disclosure would be redundant. > Backing something that separates families is divisive and not appropriate for an organization that is about openness and diversity How about end-users that hold the same divisive values as Mr. Eich? Surely Mozilla shouldn't tolerate these either. I recommend a first-run wizard that quizzes the user's political stance. If the user is on the wrong side of history, Firefox will automatically uninstall itself. Nothing is more important than the projects moral purity, right? > But the real problem is just: too many people, period Why do you say that? Which resource is insufficient to support the current global population? (or even several times that)? The problem is a lack of balance / poor management Why would we need even more money? Money will not get managed much better unless it is scarce. > At the moment the limiting factor looks like it's going to be carbon emissions Carbon emissions can be (and have been) reduced without culling humans. Effective public transport infrastructure would do more for emissions than limiting the number of humans while still mostly commuting 1 vehicle per person. Alternative energy sources are also an effective solution which is independant on the size of the human population > Balance? What kind of balance are you talking about? Equitable trade and a little less nationalism & market protectionism. Farm subsidies and food donations (counter-intuitively) are destroying farming in developing countries > And what exactly would "better management" look like? * Less corruption by leadership, and literally "better management" there is more than enough food to feed every human on the planet, yet famines still happen. * leaders who take a long-term view on development (rather than focussing on the duration of their terms). Sustainable development will increase the quality of life * less corporatism/oligarchy/crony-capitalism and more people oriented governance which will lead to improved quality of life at the cost of (ill-gotten) profit. Social democracy appears to be a better way (IMO). > Would you invest your own money in a Pharma company if there were no drug patents? India does not disagree with drug patents, from the article: "Successive governments have taken a view that patents should be granted only for major innovations, not updates to existing compounds." Pharma companies are notorious for extending patents (in perpetuity) by adding small 'updates' to existing compounds when the patent nears expiry. This is rather similar to Disney's strategy: get copyright period extended right before Mickey Mouse is about to enter the public domain. >> Such a country wouldn't get admission to the WTO > As opposed to what we do when we invade and bomb/drone other countries? I don't think the parent supports the action, but merely stating the likely outcome, realpolitik and all. S/he is answering gp's question: "What is stopping some other countries (even micro-nations) from instituting a policy that forfeits all patents on medication" The answer, in short, is leverage: smaller countries can be pressured into not even considering it - because of the consequences. India can do this because it is better able to withstand the hypothetical political pressure. > Really? That's news to me. When did that happen? Yes, really. Between the year 2007 and 2012 in the US. See [1]. > Even if you got to 100% public transit across the globe that wouldn't make even a tiny dent. I couldn't find the statistics for the US, but this Italian research paper[2] suggests 4% of CO2 emissions from Italy are from (low-occupancy) commuting. 100% public transit might lead to a 3% drop, which I consider much bigger than "a tiny dent". The US is likely to have a larger figure in absolute terms (greater average distances commuted, larger average engine bore, larger population). > How are those going to reduce carbon emissions? Nothing! I was answering a specific question you asked which was unrelated to carbon emissions. You question was quoted right before my answers, you couldn't have missed it. My overarching point is simply reducing the population will not guarantee a decrease in CO2 emissions. Have a look at [3], which shows the amount of CO2 per country. Lets' take the top 2: China emits twice the CO2 (10Gt) as the US (5Gt) with 4 times the population. (Assuming a linear correlation) if we were to half China's population and at the same time 'industrializing' it to same level as the US, then China's CO2 emissions wouldn't change > How exactly are you going to do "sustainable development" in the face of an exponentially increasing population? Same as always? Exponential population growth isn't a new phenomenon - take a look at the US population graph (1790-present) some time. 1. https://www.eia.gov/cfapps/ipdbproject/IEDIndex3.cfm?tid=90&... 2. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/281447764_Commuting... 3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_carbon_di... I wish we could create a "Galt's Gulch" and quarantine all the toxic individuals/entities who believe that the rules don't apply to them. They would be free to "cut corners" and "win" to their hearts content only amongst themselves. > Between their extremely competitive (often free) pricing, and their deals to mandate preinstallation of all of their products on various platforms, it's kinda amazing I think someone at Google is secretly grateful for the existence of Amazon's Android fork (FireOS). They can rightly claim: "Android is free and open source - you don't have to take our version if you don't like our T&C's. You can fork your own competing version (that you maintain), like Amazon did" Why does that sound so much like a kid saying "That didn't hurt" while furiously rubbing the punched arm? Apple cared enough to try and appeal the case to the highest possible level (SCOTUS). To paraphrase a commenter on Ars Technica: $500,000,000 is a lot of iPads/MacBooks sold. All down the drain due to anti-consumer shenanigans. > North American emissions are going down, but world emissions are going up. That is correct, I never claimed otherwise > the population of North America is growing much more slowly than the rest of the world (virtually unchanged from 2008-2013 at 530M). The growth rate itself is immaterial: this proves my claim that CO2 emissions can be (and have been) reduced without any reduction in the population. > reducing per-capita emissions has a direct impact on standard of living This relationship is not a universal, unbreakable rule of the universe, the two can be decoupled by investment in clean energy ("good management"). > Previously exposed populations may be more tolerant to future stress events, but they may sometimes even be more sensitive than populations with no previous exposure The last caveat undoes the whole research paper; it's not really memory, but a timing issue. All they did was exploit the synced the cell division cycles: they might have chosen the 2-hour mark (or got really lucky) as that was when the cell-division cycle was most (or somewhat) resilient. This is similar to saying "batching all network writes to only happen in the first 30 seconds of every minute may make your network more resilient to random 5-second disconnections between data centers, or it make make it more sensitive". This is obviously dependent on which part of the cycle the disconnection happens! Maybe I should write that paper... > Really? I'm pleading ignorance here but, for example, how could Apple's actions be considered collusion with Amazon They colluded with Amazon's suppliers . To use your soda example: it's as if 7-11 were growing tired of Walmart door-busting with 1-dime sodas. So they collude with Coke and Pepsi and change the contract for all soda retailers to say "you can't sell soda at a price that you (the retailer) wants. You will sell the soda on our behalf at a price we want" > You have a monopoly and the kartel formed to fight it.It is pretty laughable that they were fined 450m being anticompetitive, when they actually introduced competition 1. There is nothing illegal about having a monopoly. It is illegal to abuse monopoly status. When Amazon gets around to abusing their monopoly, the DoJ will act. Accusing of future abuse now is just pre-crime. 2. Apple were free to compete by legal means . They got smacked-down because they chose to break laws, not because they were "fighting a monopoly" It really is in black and white, as affirmed by Apple losing at every court the case was heard. Apple partisans act as if the money is coming from Apple's petty-cash drawer. My point is somewhat similar to your: in that they would do anything not to pay the half a million dollars. Comparing to the numbers in their last FY (Oct '15), the settlement is 0.94% of their annual profit . I too wouldn't be "hurt" by a 1% fine of my net annual income, but I'd rather put it to better use. Just because you disagree with a comment does not make it ignorant. I deliberately invoked Galt because the book is appeals to the same group that thinks the law doesn't apply to them (when convenient),and they also believe they own/are themselves "the engine of the world". See BioShock for an equally fictional critique of what happens when the "best individuals" are left to their devices, without pesky laws. > I'm not sure about the libraries - especially the ones that provide the glue to the JS world (or DOM, directly) Has the Java world come up with anything better than Swing or SWT? Because those are the libraries that are in the "stable ecosystem with 20+ years of engineering behind it", and they are terrible . Give me the 'innovative' webdev guys and gals any day. > It means you can't license the baseband under the GPL, nor release it the public ...within the jurisdiction of the US Government. Have a look at libdvdcss for guidance on how such a baseband might be developed and distributed. > Supraintelligent AI being evil is FUD imho because we can't reason about supraintelligent AI. There is a difference between being evil and incomprehensible intelligence. You are not being evil when you accidentally step on an ant or dig up an ant-hill to build your shed. The ants won't be able to understand what you're doing, or why. > I think most of us rpi users have suffered from a corrupted card at some point For me, that corruptions ended when I got a better (2A) power supply, and that was 18 months ago. If your amperage is too low, I suspect the corruption will continue even on the spinning disks. Ads aren't going anywhere - there is too much money riding on it. I am willing to bet all that I possess that ads will be with us 20 years from now. Your comparison with superbugs is apt: ads will evolve into hardier, less blockable forms (native ads, and as soon as someone figures it out, serving ads from the same domain as content) Not OP, but my guess is random plugins stop working with strict (i.e. secure) policies, if they weren't written with CSP in mind. > So we have to fork out so much cash for basic things that other countries take for granted Yeah, can you believe how much more expensive domestic help has become? /s I think the SA government's biggest sin is failing to grow the middle class. The inequality is a ticking time bomb > So like, why didn't Samsung take them to court? Samsung simply stopped paying Microsoft the royalties after the Nokia purchase (Samsung claimed it was a breach of the agreement). Microsoft filed a suite, but after negotiations, the issue was settled[1] under confidential terms. Since then, Samsung now bundles Microsoft's software on its Android devices - feel free to speculate on the direction the payments might be going. 1. http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2015/02/microsoft-and-samsung... > From what I can tell there are no instructions in the app that tell you about this feature It's fine for secondary controls (other ways to zoom). I'd say Google learned the lesson with the now discontinued Menu button on Android. Application authors would sometimes hide critical functionality behind a Menu button press, and sometimes the Menu button did nothing. This lack of discoveribility and inconsistency is bad for User Interaction and by 'Those people', you mean the entire NodeJS community? > This is the sort of amateur behaviour that is emblematic of the entire nodejs community. This is pure mudslinging > Both companies have absolute treasure troves of data that could certainly be used for trading signals. Here's what Eric Shmidt had to say on the subject:"There are many, many things that Google could do, that we chose not to do. One day we had a conversation where we figured we could just try to predict the stock market. And then we decided it was illegal. So we stopped doing that." > someone saying (potentially tasteless) jokes A tasteless joke is not the worst you could do with speech. It would be, if hate speech, libel, defamation and incitement didn't exist.Americans like to pretend these are European inventions and not dangerous because historically, the most impressive/powerful American orators were progressive (for their times). Well, PriceZombie was around for a long time too and they 'hadn't been caught' until recently. So maybe it's not unlikely It wouldn't make a difference: it is their affiliate account was that was closed - which is how they earned money. Affiliate account = getting paid "kickbacks" by Amazon for customer referalls from PZ's site that result in purchases. > PriceZombie was not built on top of Amazon. Not technically for the reasons you stated. However, it is evident that PriceZombie was financially built on top of Amazon's Affiliate program. It's hard to argue against that when Amazon contributed 90% of revenue It is not circular logic, but proof by contradiction. >Maybe there's another reason altogether. That's what I'm thinking as well. > If you mean in term of quality of life, I actually think that in absolute terms it is probably marginal You are severely underestimating the importance of peace of mind. When you are poor, you are always worried about making rent. When you are middle class, you might be a few paychecks (or a hospital bill) away from insolvency. The wealthy don't have to worry about those things. John Scalzi has an awesome post about the cost of being poor[1] on his blog. http://whatever.scalzi.com/2005/09/03/being-poor/ Edit: d'oh, my reply is off-topic because I misread GP's post - missed that the distinction is between 1%ers and 0.1%ers. Considering that; I suspect the difference is in influence (my guess is the 0.1% are likely to be more 'politically involved' or better connected) > The top 1% outperform significantly everyone else in every scenario. The app store? Twitch streamers? Youtube videos? Facebook pages? Athletes? No-one likes cheats - even elite athletes are not allowed to gain an unfair advantage via doping. 20th century Robber-barons might have been an equally 'natural phenomenon', until legislation caught up with their unfair advantages. > If any of thousands of strangers could push a button and prevent me from deploying to production, I have made several bad decisions. That's a strange thing to say considering how insanely complex modern hardware and software are. While the NPM setup is indefensible, there are countless ways a stranger can prevent your deployment, if that stranger works at Microsoft, Intel, or the manufacturer of any production hardware component. OS bugs, driver bugs, compiler bugs, and hardware/microprocessor bugs are a thing. At any point, you are dependent on the work of many thousands of strangers, no matter how perfect your decisions are. > The top 1% does not have to cheat to outperform the rest. Did you read the last paragraphs of the article? I read it. The penultimate paragraph suggests that they do cheat. Did you read it? Heck, even the title is "Make elites compete", you could not have missed that. I could have been clearer. I did not mean to suggest that everyone in the 1% cheat, but merely stating that whatever natural/inate advantages that the top 1% possess can be (and frequently is) enhanced using less than legal/ethical means - whether it's sports, business, or wealth. Society needs to address this unfair advantage (analogous to doping). This is not a new idea, the penultimate paragraph addresses this directly by quoting Smith: Smith warned against local trade associations which were inevitably conspiring “against the public…to raise prices,” and “restraining the competition in some employments to a smaller number than would otherwise…occasion a very important inequality” between occupations. > You are clearly biased against rich people This is not true...well, I'm no more biased than the article under discussion. I'm simply quoting the article and what I got from it. Most of the "experimental" features we whine about are supported by all vendors, save for Apple (Firefox, Chrome, Opera and freaking IE). It's a definite pattern: Safari is last to implement features, if at all. There was a Cisco IPhone[1] before there was an Apple iPhone, Apple somehow made it work[2]. Apple Computers had also signed an agreement[3] with (the Beatles') Apple Corp in the 80's not to enter the music business, but they did[4] and also made it work[5] after breaching the agreement. Having piles of money can solve a lot of disagreements 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linksys_iPhone 2. http://www.networkworld.com/article/2295551/network-security... 3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Corps_v_Apple_Computer#1... 4. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Corps_v_Apple_Computer#2... 5. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Corps_v_Apple_Computer#2... > Article says one of reasons for Microsoft's interest is to preserve search and ad deals with Yahoo Note that preservation of the search deal might not be in Yahoo's best interest, so depending on where you stand, Microsoft doesn't "need" to be involved in this. > Frankly, the military industrial complex makes a lot more profit from selling weapons for conventional war than they do from selling weapons for unconventional guerilla wars I think they would be on the forefront of fanning the flames of war with China, if they thought the public had the stomach for it. Instead, they have to make do with the few smaller,unconventional wars, continuously . When was the last time the US of A was not engaged in combat somewhere in the world? Surely, having your poorly trained 'moderate' rebels surrender their arms and munitions frequently is good for business. Now you get to resupply them (at American tax-payers expense), and indirectly supply arms to both sides of the conflict. It's almost genius - and barbaric. To refresh your memory: "The complaint charges Microsoft with trademark infringement, false advertising, breach of contract, unfair competition, interference with prospective economic advantage, and inducing breach of contract."[1] You probably know this, but Java-the-language is not the same as Java-the-platform (VM); Google only uses the language bit, not the runtime. They created their own runtime (Dalvik, and later ART) with its own bytecode format. What Microsoft did was implement an intentionally-incompatible JVM, hopefully you see the differences between Google and Microsoft's action (both technical and the reasoning behind the actions) Edit: changed quote from wikipedia to [1], added reference. 1. http://www.javaworld.com/article/2077055/soa/what-does-sun-s... Reality tends to have more nuance than you are willing to admit in this instance. Sun v. Microsoft was over very specific issues. Even thought the specifics don't seem to matter to you, I'll add a bit more detail. "The sticking point is that Microsoft decided the Core Java class libraries were insufficient for its needs. Now there's nothing wrong with extending things by subclassing and placing the new objects in a package outside of the java. * class hierarchy. But deciding to add about 50 methods and 50 fields into the classes within the java.awt, java.lang, and java.io packages, as Microsoft did, is extremely problematic. "Microsoft deceptively altered key classes and inserted them into their SDK," said Baratz, which results in developers thinking they are writing Java, when actually they are writing something that runs only on Internet Explorer. [1] > They tried to screw Sun and take advantage of their economic misfortune. I have some sympathy for Sun, but had Google asked for permission for Java on Mobile, Sun would have insisted on the abomination that was J2ME because that was their mobile strategy. I'll take Java 6.5 over J2ME any day 1. http://www.javaworld.com/article/2077055/soa/what-does-sun-s... >They were JIT-ed for a while. That's what the "optimizing apps" modal dialog after updates is about I think you meant AOT-ed. The language really doesn't matter though, as long as it can be converted to Dalvik bytecode. Conspicuously missing scenario: Sandra owns the comic drawing package "stickman" and publishes 0.1.0, 0.9.9 and 1.0.0. A few months/years later, Stick Manufacturing Corp [StickMan(tm)] shows up with their Internet of Sticks support package library to go with their registered trademark and want to publish it as "stickman". What happens next? Do they just hand over the package so Stick Corp can publish a new version? Does NPM inc rename Sandra's "stickman" to something else? what happens to Julie's "comic" package that depends on "stickman^0.9.9" when the package is handed over? > But the parent seems to be asking for a general example of what would happen in such a dispute Actually my question (I'm parent) is also on the technical level, since I'm pessimistically assuming the lawyers will win everytime. If Sandra renames her package (voluntarily or not) - will the old versions with contested name resolve correctly stickman v0.99? Or will they be gone forever? Will Stick Corp inherit management of the old versions? Is it a good idea? Who will manage point-release vulnerability upgrade - Sandra or Stick Corp? etc. There are a lot of questions relating to the original quagmire that NPM Inc is not answering. > Honestly I don't think it's as natural a question as you think it is (I haven't noticed anyone else bring it up on HN or in that GitHub Issue) It is a natural question, and I have asked it elsewhere in this thread ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11385689 ). When control of package is handed over to a corp at version >=5.0.0, who exactly is responsible for releasing the bug-fix version 1.8.5? Point-releases are done all the time to fix security/bugs, so either NPM Inc didn't think about that scenario (bad) or decided not to address it (very bad). You seem to be asking questions that were answered. >Then why did you install Word? "Its a hugely wonderful word processor" > If you didn't want to "jump through hoops" then why not just use Google Docs Seems like they did exactly that. "Needless to say, that crap is uninstalled. I already chose a cloud provider, I dont need yet another on" Until I read parent's comment, I had no idea I needed a Microsoft account to save . I have Word installed, but only ever use it as a viewer. > But site admins got along fine, and I certainly didn't hear many complaints. Using tables for layouts was once state of the art as well with no complaints. Things change, as do best practices. You can use inheritance to reuse values without preprocessors, or you can switch to preprocessors and use variables and mixins for composition. The question of which is better (inheritance vs. composition) is a personal one, I prefer composition. What if want to use the primary color as the background-color to a nav element and as the border-color to inputs and textareas as well? If the designer changes to a different shade, do you do a global search-and-replace? The way I see it, CSS preprocessors allow for code reuse via composition - vanilla CSS restricts you to inheritance. > He wasn't fired. About that: have you ever noticed that C-level executives never get fired? They get to "resign to spend more time with their families". Being forced to quit is the same as being fired, it just sounds better for PR reasons What is his point exactly, when it's an upstream project (gcloud) that is broken? > The guy raised a huge issue and was not being taken seriously. He raised the issue in the wrong project, showing that he didn't fully understand the issue at hand. That contrasts heavily with his indignation and self-proclaimed superior programming chops The 'simpler' explanation is not necessarily true: there is simply not enough information for outsiders to know whether Eich jumped or was pushed. I'd say the Brave venture shows Mr. Rich is not done with improving the internet yet. > Boycotts were going to destroy it...it's very likely Mozilla would not exist today. I doubt highly doubt it: around the same time, some folk were threatening to boycott Dropbox over Condoleeza Rice's role and the board did not equivocate in their support for her. Dropbox is still around, who knows what would have happened if Mozilla's board had chosen to support Eich. > I already explained this? You set it at the top level Not quite: 'color', 'background-color' and 'border-color' are 3 separate properties that can't be be inherited from one place using vanilla CSS > Using variables to make those three the same color is an abuse of DRY in my opinion. I disagree - as a matter of fact, a lot of CSS frameworks have the concept of a "primary color" that is used in the manner I have described. Additionally,following your idea of DRY would render CSS variables pointless in CSS preprocessors as mixins cover that use-case (setting the same property). > you wouldn't want foreign airlines giving their governments information about military and VIP movements Just how magical is the the extra 2% that takes one from an "OK/freiendly" 49% foreign shareholder to a 51% (or 50% +1?) "oh no, intel stealer!". I sort-of understand the control argument, but not the secrecy argument you are making doesn't hold up. To distill your contribution to its essence: Parent: what's wrong with the JVM as a multithreaded-JIT? You: Java is similar to Javascript. Javascript was terribly designed in the 90's. Therefore Java sucks . QED. You should try your hand at politics! Don't answer the question (Java), instead, segue into the more comfortable topic/what you want to talk about (Javascript) > why don't they just make Android Studio and IntelliJ plugin and leave it at that Because they make changes to the core. HN recently linked to a JetBrains thread where a blind user opened a usability bug regarding using screen readers in IntelliJ[1]: a significant portion of the code to address that came from a Google Engineer working on Android Studio and merged upstream into IntelliJ. 1. On mobile, can't get the link right now But that has nothing to do with the question he is responding to; regarding Java's suitability as a multithreaded JIT > Yes, film wasn't sensitive enough for black skin This was not a constraint of physics or chemistry: Kodak knew it, and they didn't care much for black skin. This was bias because they could fix it, but didn't. Fortunately, Kodak did ended up caring for other brown things: Kathy Connor, an executive at Kodak, told Roth the company didn’t develop a better film for rendering different gradations of brown until economic pressure came from a very different source: Kodak’s professional accounts. Two of their biggest clients were chocolate confectioners, who were dissatisfied with the film’s ability to render the difference between chocolates of different darknesses. “Also,” Connor says, “furniture manufacturers were complaining that stains and wood grains in their advertisement photos were not true to life.” interfaces > It's really interesting to be confronted with the realization that every single person filling up space on the subway around you has a rich and lustrous story that brought them to that place and time. The dictionary of obscure sorrows[1] names this feeling "Sonder" The realization that each random passerby is living a life as vivid and complex as your own—populated with their own ambitions, friends, routines, worries and inherited craziness 1. it's a made-up word, not a formal English one. http://www.dictionaryofobscuresorrows.com/post/23536922667/s... > There are a ton of resolutions, aspect ratios, and screen sizes. There are a lot of GPU vendors. Driver quality, performance of specific features, little tricks to even use specific features, etc, vary between each of those vendors, and your program should support as many as possible. IMO, variety is not a mess - this is has been the norm programming for the consumer space for decades (PC applications, all non-console games, web development). Fixed resolutions & hardware is the exception (consoles, and previously iPhones: now iOS devices are 'fragmenting' too) > Well, how come the teams that are already fully in Romania not out-competing Silicon Valley? Recent-History is littered with American companies acquiring European tech companies that out-compete Silicon Valley for : Skype and MySQL come to mind. Because Uber's primary functionality depends on network calls. To me, it's pretty obvious they want to find out if you opened the Lyft app recently. Uber are mold-breakers who are well known for 'disrupting' "the established, respected and ethical way" of doing X. They are simply revolutionizing the old-fashioned and corrupt HN commenting industry. > Skype and MySQL were Swedish I never suggested that Skype or MySQL were Romanian - only European. Correction: Skype is definitely not Swedish. Skype's founders are pan-European - 1 Swede, 1 Dane and 3 Estonians. The company itself was widely considered to be Estonian[1]. I frequently I confuse Estonia and Romania and I was thinking Skype was Romanian. 1. https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/stories/skype/skype-chapter-... > Can someone explain to me what bots are for. Anything the bot-builder wants really. I think the aim of this grant is to explore the limits of what bots could be used for. Bots don't have to use AI or ML to be useful: right now I use the @gif bot to search for and reply with reaction gifs inline (without having to launch browser->search->download->attach into chat). You can create a Jenkins/CI bot that chimes in when a build fails, or create a weather bot that tells you it's going to rain > The West's less overt tactics are arguably more effective than Soviet-style propaganda because they're less obvious. America has pretty overt propaganda, e.g. the Pentagon paying the NFL millions to 'salute the troops'. As a non-American, seeing young children reciting the pledge of allegiance in unison is downright creepy. I'm guessing Americans do not have alternative experiences and hence consider it to be normal. I'm guessing the same applies to Koreans growing up in Korea: it's normal. I'm not suggesting the levels of propaganda are in the same ball-park. > With that kind of reasoning - unless you steal from the publisher right off the press somebody has already paid for the book, no That is correct - this is well established in US case law as the "Fist sale doctrine"[1]. Meaning once bought, the book can be lended, resold, or scanned. However, I believe the Authors Guild was going for the copyright angle, and they lost. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-sale_doctrine The country with the biggest space-guns / asteroid-throwers It's the circle of life. It wouldn't need to be that way if the investors do not expect outsized returns for the runways. > I read that statement more like in terms of the freedom you're allowed to build and run applications for such devices Even if we disregard how arbitrary that definition of "computing device" is, it's still a false proposition. Anyone can easily get a browser, a word processor and spreadheets on their mobile device or tablet (ARM). That's about as much computing as a significant chunk of the population requires. I have debian chroot on my Android device which gives me Vim, GCC and javac out of the box. > That's 5+ years for a new model. It's say that is pretty damn slow for car manufacturers that tend to release a model upgrade per year. The automotive industry has notoriously long lead times. The second sentence does not contradict the first: they release yearly model upgrades, but each upgrade takes 5 years (more or less) to develop. In other words, 2018 models are pretty much finalized today