> There is, it's called "Chinese OEM manufacturers". > (Yes, I know that an 'OEM manufacturer' is like an 'ATM machine'.) OEM means "Original Equipment Manufacturer". > When things like this happen, I always hope that consumers that got screwed over by the deal (and people that hear about it) avoid the acquiring company after the fact. If they treat pebble customers like this, how will they treat their own customers later? Well, the CEO of Pebble Technology, Corp is joining YC. Also, the services aren't shutting down right away. If everyone gets their money back, the major downside is the lack of warranty and the lack of fixes to the product. Especially any security & reliability fixes. As a Pebble 2 owner who is happy with the product as-is I am not sure if I should be happy I did receive my Pebble 2. You're missing my point. "OEM manufacturer" would mean "original equipment manufacturer manufacturer". > My only complaint is they try and be clever and detect when you move your wrist up to look at it, so it auto-shows you notifications. This sucks because it's not totally reliable (so half the time I press the button to bring up notifications and it ends up dismissing them because they are already in view, and other times it triggers due to an incorrect motion). I wish you could turn that off but I haven't found a way yet. The Pebble watchface Time Orbit by Spectre Collie has the very same problem. I love the watchface looks, but if you tilt it, it decides to show other info such as date. It is a usability problem. There's a rather large difference between the Vector and Pebble though. I checked various Vector watches and saw most at 500 USD, with one at 400 USD. So the cheapest Vector appears to be about 4 times more expensive than a Pebble 2 Classic. I don't know, that just doesn't seem like a fair comparison. > but a lot of other Pebble users are pointing to this one as an alternative. Yeah, that's all nice, but what about the price comparison? I had a look and the cheapest Vector I found was 400 USD. In contrast, the Pebble 2 via Kickstarter cost 100 USD (OK, with VAT and S&H it was 115 USD for me). > I couldn't find anything about that, so it doesn't look like it supports that yet. But I assume that it is being developed. You see, that's the problem. Pebble has been around for multiple years and had an ecosystem going. A lot of applications and watchfaces with functionality. Pebble 2 versions also have a HRM. A Core would have a GPS. You wouldn't even need a phone w/that. My Pebble 2 sync with Google Fit as well. That's a big plus for sports like running and hiking (running with a phone sucks, esp as phones become larger and larger). Vector looks classy, like a Pebble Round I guess, and it has a huge benefit in 30 days battery. Even if your battery is starting to wear out you'll still be able to use it for a long time, unlike the one day flies like Samsung and Apple. What Samsung and Apple have going for it, is research into usability. I'm not saying they're there yet but their products are iterations on usability R&D. The usability isn't quite there yet. That's why smartwatches aren't there yet. People know this. They read reviews. They speak to people who got the watch. I saw someone with a Vector saying they had a scratch on their screen. I'm worried about the same on my Pebble 2. Previously, I'd just buy a new one (a new official screen for my phone would cost 85 EUR; which is a lot less than the average SGS or iPhone). I really wouldn't want that on a 400 USD product without knowing beforehand how much a fix would be. One thing I still miss with my Pebble is a simple shop list on my watch. I end up grabbing my phone while in the grocery store for Google Keep just waiting for that day a kid runs into me and oops, it falls, ca-ching 85 EUR new screen. Agreed. TANSTAAFL, and I guess it is the old left (as in everyone equal) vs right (free choice) debate. We get free bread for lunch. Cool, but I don't wanna eat bread. Coffee is free. Cool, but it is bad quality, my el cheapo espresso machine at home is even better. Plus I'll experience a massive down in the evening. Oh hey, not the employer's problem. I've never seen free soda anywhere, but the thing is: it is just a lot of sugar, with too little water. I won't drink that if I get paid for it. At least water is free, and that's important in the summer. I'm free to go grab a cup, and the walk is healthy, too. Then there's these parties 'for team spirit', with all kind of fried food. Cool. Guess who pays for that? Screw all this. Like you said; "I'd rather get paid a little bit more." Gee, I really screwed up there with reading and comprehending. I don't know what I was thinking. You're right, of course. I find it plausible that self driving cars with the same software can perfectly understand each other via predefined behaviour patterns. If you follow that premise, it becomes less safe to drive manually. So, under this premise, the modus operandi is to be automatic pilot instead of manual where perhaps manual driving is even illegal because it is less predictable. The question wouldn't be, if this change happens; its when . Where's the turning point? One could argue its up to our politicians to decide. I'd be interested in data from other trends such as smoking. When was the turning point there, and what was the "market penetration" of smokers vs non-smokers or proponents and opposers? > very specific and nonintuitive usage of "free" Supposedly it is because the word libre isn't recognized well enough in English. Quoting: "To emphasize that “free software” refers to freedom and not to price, we sometimes write or say “free (libre) software,” adding the French or Spanish word that means free in the sense of freedom. In some contexts, it works to use just “libre software.”" And: "We stand for freedom, and we show it every time—by saying “free” and “libre”— or “free (libre)”." https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/floss-and-foss.en.html Perhaps liberty software or liberal software would work... > If Google wants to charge Apple iPhone prices, they can't continue with Google level service. This differs per jurisdiction, but in general you are entitled by law to receive a working device without flaws. In my jurisdiction this even extends beyond warranty. For example, you can expect a car, a door, or a guitar to work beyond 2 years. This law is irregardless of what you paid for the product or what the perceived quality is. The law even extends to software updates (security & reliability fixes). As for Apple, they managed to ship my MBP 2010 with a broken discrete GPU yet fail to replace it. They also try to scam customers into buying extended warranty which basically is an anti harassment tax. Why don't they have some kind of postal address where the phone can be send to? The phone was send from one, why don't they have a return address for RMA? And, (FWIW, in NL) if it does fall under warranty, the additional S&H costs would be on the seller; not the buyer. > I would say that in a society like that, there is more amiss than simply a lack of free speech. Every society (and community) has norms which are acceptable, and those which are not. If a person decides to not live according to those norms they're an outcast and will be dealt with as such. The society is like a living organism which will protect its norms in order to survive akin to an auto immune system. Because of these principles every society lives within its own bubble, too. I suppose Von Trier's Dogville touches upon the subject, but there's countless examples available from Swartz to Snowden. If someone has another (or better, more accurate) example I'm interested hearing yours. > but last time I was there, electronics were generally much more expensive than in the US. There are various factors: * VAT is always included unless (if its aimed at business solely, like IBM, then this doesn't seem to be the case, but then that is being mentioned) * Relatively low EUR. The EUR also isn't doing so well compared to the USD. * Storage tax. This to compensate the entertainment industry. * Environmental taxes. The price you see in store is the price you're gonna pay (excluding S&H but the seller has to inform you on that before the sale is finalized). I find that practical. > since they preclude inexpensive short-term-use or disposable electronics. Which I consider a great thing because its better for the environment (although not good enough). I'm not interested in buying a new phone every year because the software isn't updated anymore, or because the battery isn't allowing me to use the phone for a whole day anymore. That's why -after burning myself with various cheap and expensive brands- I got myself a Fairphone. No, it isn't perfect and it won't run the latest version of Android, but at least it will have all security & reliability fixes backported. Monthly . At the very least its a step in the right direction, and the Fairphone is leading by example. Do you have credible sources to prove the significant factor is race? You see, I believe your point, but that won't convince those who believe it wasn't influenced by racism. They'll say "conspiracy theory" and move on. Disregarding cannabis, it also seemed to me that LSD was to become illegal to harass the hippie community. But how to prove this? The way this works appears to be rather easy; you look at the characteristics of your political opponents, and then decide what they have in common which your status quo group doesn't. Then a process is begun to incite FUD. Once that campaign in successful you got momentum in your group and you make a law which makes that thing illegal. > Meanwhile I often joke that the highly permissive BSD/MIT/etc. licenses are for commies. On the contrary. Let us use Politicalcompass [1] as spectrum. Gist of it: x = left v. right economics, y = libertarian vs authoritarian. Now, communism (not Trotsky; the communism as we have seen in countries in the 20th century) is left on x, but high on y because its highly authoritarian. BSD/MIT/etc. licenses are more permissive than GPL, and its obvious GPL is more authoritarian in this way. But because the GPL enforces the code to (mostly) stay the way it is, it is more left-wing than BSD/MIT/etc. [1] https://politicalcompass.org > What new coding projects were they involved in since HURD started (OK. Replicant.)? "New" is difficult to assess. I'd say: GPLv3, Libreboot (fork of Coreboot). But it depends on what you find important. A starting point is here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation#High_... > 2. He doesn't let the FSF be larger than him. > Who's their 2nd in command? Fallacy, easily disproven at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_Software_Foundation#Struc... I guess you never heard of Eben Moglen (who's a lawyer and does great work with advocacy and public speeches), or Bradley Kuhn from FSF Europe. > Who'll take over after he passes on? Did you know who'd gonna take over Microsoft or Apple beforehand? No. > What will the FSF look like in 30 years? What will USA, Microsoft, Google, or Apple look like in 30 years? shrug > The last few years, everything he's written seems goofy and childish This is you growing older and wiser, and his old rhetoric being outdated (someone like Eben Moglen, or even Edward Snowden is more up2date). You'll find the same to be true in other idealistic writings or speeches. > Didn't libreboot start outside the FSF, then come inside, and is now trying to get out? Yup, drama, long story. The question was though: > What new coding projects were they involved in since HURD started (OK. Replicant.)? Looking at the original question: former packages qualify, as long as they're new . When does this 'new' qualify though? Perhaps not here because of Libreboot being based on Coreboot. As soon as a project joins GNU though, it becomes "GNU Name" and it is officially a new project. Development of Hurd was started in 1990. So we're looking at least from 1991. A list of current GNU packages is available at [1] and [2]. Of note, I suppose GNOME qualifies. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_GNU_packages [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU#Components Not a new concept. I guess its akin to "eat your own dogfood". I'd also compare it to how everyone at McDs starts from bottom up. In your example though what if an employee is so plain awkward on the phone that they're performing badly. Still on Holiday Help duty? > Rosa Parks (and the less famous women who did the same thing and preceded her), for example, are certainly heroes. Not every activist or revolutionist is violent. Sticking to known examples: Gandhi is another excellent non violent example. Sticking to politics, Nelson Mandela. Mark Felt, also a whistleblower. More recent examples are William Binney, Edward Snowden, Julian Assange. These are my examples, of people I consider heroes. History will decide who the public's heroes were. These people go against authority, often get ignored or bullied in return, including loved ones and relatives. Like the poster from Fargo, "What If You're Right And They're Wrong". It indeed takes great courage and often sacrifice to go against the tide. That support employee who's ignoring his protocol and is risking a sneer (or worse) from his boss, the one telling you truth while he's now allowed? He's performing one heroic deed . If its a pattern, we can speak of a hero. > Show me a better world that actually works. Try teleporting back to the 20th century and experience the internet in its full glory. Without advertising. > What happened with the idea that ads were a means you had to get to know useful products? It died a long, long time ago. This guy, Freud's nephew, is what happened: Edward Bernays [1]. As covered in Adam Curtis excellent documentary on the subject of the history of propaganda and advertising "The Century Of The Self" [2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Bernays [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Century_of_the_Self > If all ads were banned forever from existence, how would anyone discover anything new? By word of mouth. I know, not a novel idea, but it seems to work quite well on this very website! The fallacy is that ads were never informative anyway. Its not obnoxious now because uBlock and spam filters works so well, and HTML5 killed Flash. If you don't take such quality filters into account, advertising is far, far worse nowadays. We're talking about everything before the dotcom boom here. The internet was a lot bigger than WWW, and Macromedia Flash (and Doubleclick) were initiated in 1996. That covers less than 5% of the 20th century. Also, Flash wasn't (ab)used right away for advertising, and if one didn't have it installed not much was missed. Perhaps an online Flash game or two didn't work. No big deal. There was spam on Usenet (the first spam coming from Digital Equipment Corp or was it SUN in the early 80s) and IRC, but it wasn't acceptable . > I hate this shit. Between adblocking and piracy, people are just going to push publishers into a new form of advertising where they don't even know they are being advertised to. This is going to mean more "sponsored posts" on sites you love and less authentic content. Its going to mean your favorite movies crammed with product placement ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfHuZ5qrYX4 ). Its going to mean a distrust of anything you see on the web much greater than exists today. Its going to mean every product review you read about will be 90% about the affiliate payment they get and 10% because of the product itself. If this'd happen en masse this allows competition in the market of reviewers, news sites, and social network sites. It also allows for fact checking (which perhaps even gets automated). The model which works is akin to seed fund, or open source development by contract. There'd be say a review in the make of a product X. In order for it to be made, Y USD is required. This is then gathered via crowd funding. Then those who paid get early access, week later its in the public domain. The model isn't even new. LWN uses it, to name an example. > Entire neighborhoods are no-go zones. There are "demonstrations" on a monthly basis in pretty much every large city in Holland [...] The amount of looting during those demonstrations is absurd (ie. walking through the shopping street on the day after has them looking like a warzone). Really? In Holland? I'm from Holland, and I live near Amsterdam which I think qualifies for "pretty much every large city". Where exactly in Amsterdam are these demonstrations with looting you're talking about? How do you even define "demonstration"? Also, have you considered the news isn't newsworthy on a national or international level, but is on a local level? News from Amsterdam can be found on at5.nl, tho personally I hardly ever read that. Rotterdam has their own local newspapers and news website as well. Etc. > There is a Middle African refugee problem, but "somehow" this has escaped the attention of newspapers). This is plain bullshit. The African refugee problem (whom were mainly arriving in Italy) was well documented in Dutch media. It is just that such is not being reported much anymore because the other refugee problem is newer and supposedly much larger. > Julien Assange Julian Assange I was quite emotional the day I learned Pebble was RIP while from this article it seems the CEO gave a good shot to do the best for his customers and employees. Alas, nothing can replace it (yet) My Pebble Classic (!) can do: * Time/Date (with many watchfaces) * Calendar * Weather * Stepcounter * Sleep tracker * Alarms, Timers, and Stopwatch (smart alarm for sleep, other ones useful in the kitchen) * HRM (via SimplyHRM or Strava) * Running/bike tracking (native or e.g. w/Strava) * Music control (Spotify, awesome during sports) * Google Maps support (also with navigation) * 2FA HOTP * Oh, and notifications (w/filters) * With recharging once a week. Which also means the battery is gonna last, unlike those watches who recharge daily. * Works under shower, too. * And all this, for the price of ~100 EUR (a few EUR for some of the above apps). My Pebble had the dreaded graphics issue. Pebble 2 has build-in HRM, but it isn't as accurate as my Polar H7. Pebble 2 has a crystal clear screen, the design looks more professional, and the wristband is better than the previous iteration. The only thing I've never quite been able to set up, is managing a shopping list for in the grocery store (just with the ability to flag what is done). I miss such a feature so much! Using my smartphone for this is a ticking timebomb. One day, a kid is just gonna bump into me and poof its gonna drop on the floor. Won't happen with a smartwatch. And that is a use case right there, one no other device than a smartwatch can fulfill. I admit, smartwatch use cases right now are niches, but that doesn't mean they're irrelevant. Plus, in The Netherlands it is going to be illegal to use a smartphone on the bike. A smartphone is far more safe, and it won't drop. Being attached on the wrist has a clear advantage for use cases like these. One disadvantage is information leaking. Although smartphones are also vulnerable to that. Ventrilo is laggy compared to TS and Mumble. It won't show the lag as ms, but it is there, and it is real. Its due to the way the protocol works, or it is the server. It is no longer in development, and you can't even run your own server on your own hardware. The interface is from the 90s. You don't want to use Ventrilo for gaming in 2016. TS supports plugins. No lag issues, can run on your own server. Closed source. Mumble is open source, no lag issues. Interface is slightly less good than TS. Supports SSL. Discord, like you say, Just Works (tm). It is very easy to use, the interface is amazing, its in active development, and setting up a server is free. It also works in the web browser. If you're into Blizzard games, Battle.net recently added native VoIP in their client. The advantage that has as Blizzard gamer is you don't have to install any 3rd party software. You are right. Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carmen_Ortiz > With an armband you lose a hand for interaction. Absolutely true. What you gain is (some are more or less debatable and/or situational): 1) Stability. The device cannot be knocked out of your hands or dropped, unlike 5" phone. I can give you two situations where this is very safe where a phone isn't: in a store, and on a bike. 2) 24/7 on you, with the advantages you mentioned. 3) Less chance of the device getting grabbed out of your hands. If the device looks like a normal watch (and not like an Apple Watch) the chance of getting robbed for your watch stays approx the same. 4) Information leaking. Phone has this too. Phone has larger screen, watch with t-shirt is 24/7 seen. > With that out of the way - you know your cell phone carrier already has this data right? Its close to fascism when the argument becomes that the government (ie. NSA) already has this data. > including establishing relationships based on who you call, which sites you visit, who you are signed up on a plan with, etc etc. Not if you use Signal and Tor. Also, the phone company supposedly doesn't abuse that data (they certainly don't have my permission for that); Uber supposedly doesn't either, but it is proven time and time again that it is being abused. Just like the NSA watched people on watchlists watching porn. For evil software practices like the ones from your employer we need two things: 1) FLOSS applications, and legislation against these practices. (Ironically, your employer is already breaking the law in many jurisdictions as we speak.) 2) If that fails, and for the time being we can still work around it by uninstalling your application. We can also still work around it using magic like LD_PRELOAD faking the geolocation. There already exists libfaketime, not sure about geolocation. Its also already possible to fake this in the browser: http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/disable-fake-location-firefox-i... > Did something happen in the last year that made everyone demand 32GB? Yes, RAM-wise applications become more bloated due to containers, VMs, and the (ab)use of JS-based applications or 'apps'. Take into account I am typing this on a MBP from 2010, 6 years old, which shipped with 4 GB RAM which I was able to upgrade easily to 8 GB RAM, with a 256 GB SSD which I put in myself after updating from a 512 GB 5400 RPM HDD. By some (certainly not everyone) MBPs are bought to be an investment of several years, yet MBPs are no longer 'pimpable'. You can't upgrade their internals anymore. So what happens? People buy them with higher specs than they need. Which means a bigger or quicker SSD, and bigger or quicker RAM. Which brings me to the following point: the MBP used to be a relatively bulky laptop/notebook, but a beast. A compact, less powerful version was the Macbook Air which as the name suggests was also lighter. At best, it has shifted. At worst, this is no longer the case. Because the MBP is designed to be light itself . Finally, the battery. If it is already bad with 5 hours out of the box, this can be improved perhaps via software. Who knows? That is the risk of buying. You don't wanna take that risk. A product as expensive as this one needs to have high uptime out of the box. Plus, the battery will degrade over time as well, and Apple products haven't been known to have easily replaceable battery (compare to Dell XPS). Now, the problem with all of the above points is that they're all made so that the MBP -supposedly the powerhorse of notebooks/laptops of Apple- is smaller and weights less . Whereas they had the Macbook Air line for that purpose before. It just doesn't make sense from a customer PoV to pay more for less! You see, those who'd like to buy a device for years to come don't mind the USB-C debacle that much. Because in x years, it'll be everywhere (lets assume x=2 for the sake of argument, while the device is being used for 5 years and even if the device isn't used for 5 years it has resale value!). Would be interesting to see some kind of statistical analysis on this one. There's also the conundrum of writers using amphetamine, like Hunter S. Thompson did. Tho he (ab)used more than just that. I don't really see what these offer over say my Plantronics BackBeat Go 2 which lasts 4 hours. They're also connected to each other, going behind my neck. You may think that is a disadvantage, but I can easily have one in and one out if required. Besides, these Airpods don't solve the quality Bluetooth lacks. A disadvantage is you can already lose these easily (if disconnect both and keep hanging around). I don't even wanna think about Airpods and how easy they will be to lose. Try putting your smartphone in a safe place, and have wired or wireless headset, and use some kind of smartwatch to control your phone and receive feedback on your performance. I use a Pebble 2 for that, but there's other alternatives available. Bonus points is my phone is stored safely without saying to random strangers "rob me" . Because for the less informed customer that is descriptive, and allows those customers to enter the reality distortion field. It is the same with "Air", "Pod", iSomething", and "Pro". Meaningless buzzwords. Then again, every company has their set ("Surface", "ThinkPad", "Yoga", "Zen"). Trust me, it has nothing to do with real yoga or zen. I'll refrain to make a comment on "Pro". Just ignore the buzzwords, insofar that they don't tell you anything about the quality of the product and instead look at price/feature/quality comparisons and make up your own mind. > You talk to your boss. Your boss talks to the NSA. The NSA will find a way to silence the white-hat. Problem solved. Seems you're assuming the white hat hacker is from USA. I'm not so sure the NSA is going to be able to silence a white hat hacker from say Russia, or anywhere out of USA for that matter. > It's not OK. You want to fight the freedom fight? Go work in politics. Don't screw your own country. Except, whistleblowing generally doesn't work like that. It is not as if someone joins an organisation with the intention of blowing the whistle. If you look into the story of a whistleblower (countless of examples available), you'll see they're just hard working employees who work for their employee, and who stand behind their employee (regardless of if the employee is a government or a company or an NGO). What happens then, is the person decides to become a whistleblower because if this is being cover-up or silenced, it is wrong . IOW, they notice wrong doings the general public ought to know. Lets forget all the obvious examples of Binney, Snowden, Manning, and the like. Take for example the whistleblowing on Jacob Appelbaum alleged sexual harassment. Those people who blowed the whistle weren't "out to get him". As far as they were concerned they never wanted to blow a whistle, and just lead a happy (employed/ ) life and their current employer. Even someone like Assange 'grew into it' somehow, and he's both an outlier and an agent _for_ whistleblowers. [ ] Or, if not being paid, volunteer. 10 USD for 1 hour of play is a lot of money in general. That's not akin to: > "it always saddens me too see the rejection of people to basically pay for anything on the AppStore." Because the point is that the value one gets out of it, is too little for the amount of time it is fun. That is, of course, assuming there's no replay value. There is replay value however I, for one, prefer a difficult game, and prefer one difficulty only. I know, game designers want to make everyone feel 'awesome' these days. All kind of ladders, including for single player! I don't like that. Give an immersive first time experience where the player has to overcome difficult hurdles. Getting stuck? Tough cookie, practice and get better, and you'll feel awesome once you progress further. Compare WoW TBC with how WoW has every difficulty for raiding these days. By the time you get to the highest difficulty it isn't epic anymore. On a different note, 10 USD is a lot of money for poor people. Then again, those people are unlikely to have an expensive iOS device. You despise Pay 2 Win (P2W) and prefer Buy 2 Play (B2P) > Imagine a simple app that plays the coin sound when you jump. Imagine calling it a magic leap. Oh, and nobody ever makes the first jump ;) I agree btw, I also initially thought this was a AR game. Perhaps Nintendo were making one, or its a hint for things to come? While I do think that'd be awesome, and also has potentially interesting health effects (not necessarily all positive!) I think it is also dangerous in crowded cities. It'd be unpredictable. Imagine someone suddenly jumping in the air while you picked up a cup of coffee on the go from Starbucks? Or while you got your smartphone in your hands? Except its almost never teasing, its bullying. I learned the difference between teasing someone and bullying in elementary school, directly via the education system (ie. the teacher). Repeated 'joke' on/about the same subject? Bullying. Is it mutual fun between/with different subjects, and can the subject themselves laugh about the joke? Teasing. Telling someone to 'shape up' after they heard a joke regarding their race, sex, or something else the umptieth time is nigh annoying, and they will explode internally if they're introvert. People do notice this, and it gives bullies (ie. narcissists) fuel. The extroverts will more clearly defend their boundaries, so bullies tend to stick away from those. I don't know if the subject in this story is introvert, but I do know -and this is a generalisation- Indian women are rather courteous. Agreed, and I often ponder on how much that counts for any NSA employee, and I find that a frightening thought. > but I don't see at all how it supports the "almost never teasing" lead-in Agreed! Not sure where the theory I use is from but allow me to explain: Ring 0: 0-5 people. Your best friends. Can be family members, too. Max 5 people, likely less. Ring 1: Your other family, and friends. (These are not your Facebook friends.) Ring 2: Everyone else you know, or think you know. Your co-workers are probably in ring 2. You barely know them, if at all, and you must stay courteous to them by default. Maybe you drink a cup of coffee with a few of them during a break, and eventually get close and get to ring 1 (or even 0, just don't dream about that). [Note I am not sure if there is also a ring 3 to distinct further. I don't use it.] So IOW I default co-workers in ring 2. Those people in ring 0, you can say pretty much anything you want to them. I can make a very, very bad joke about something to people in ring 0 and they'll know I am joking. They can take the offence, and I can take offence from them as well, besides I know when they're joking and when not. It is because I know these people very well, for a longer period of time, and I love them. You don't make friends, you become friends; ie. you can't really force people to get higher in the ring. It kinda goes natural, over time. The people in ring 2 require a professional attitude. Those are your co-workers. You don't insult them, you don't hurt them, you don't bully them, and... you don't tease them. Why not? Teasing belongs to those in ring 0, and perhaps in ring 1 provided you're careful. > Which is why your last line is jarring - it's almost exactly the sort of comment that you and the original post are objecting to! Oh, in such a situation I'd keep it before me, so that'd be some kind of thought crime. The reason why it matters in this context tho is because that detail makes it easy to envision how she became a victim of bullies. You see, bullies pick their victim like a leopard picks their pray. In this example they wouldn't pick a vocal woman who seems to stand up for themselves. > I would argue that if the repeated joke is agreed upon by all involved, it doesn't have to be bullying. True, and this can occur on work, but by default it does not. See my comment hereunder on the different social rings. There is also the argument that one needs to accept criticism, or "take some flak". People take much better criticism 1 on 1. So if your boss finds that you clothe yourself badly he could address that during a meeting. Another way is by addressing a whole group without mentioning individuals. I suppose at a small company the likelihood you're on close terms with your direct superior is higher, making a situation where a boss just casually mentions your clothing style more fitting. > If someone can't tell that the subject isn't involved, the problem isn't their bullying/teasing, it's the fact that the person is a jerk. I'd say a bully is a jerk (and very likely, worse, suffering from personality disorder(s)), but also there is the autism spectrum which meddles with the point you make. A normal person learns this in their childhood but there are people who simply lack the social skills to read their joke is inappropriate. Although even then, it is a spectrum, not a binary 0/1. Not only that, remember the Diebold debacle around GWB election? He was one of the people who hacked that machine, and researched other voting machines as well. He's running a course on Coursera called Securing Digital Democracy https://www.coursera.org/learn/digital-democracy I can highly recommend it. Shifting the blame between the various railway companies also happened in The Netherlands. On top of that, swapping train between different corporations doesn't work in a user friendly way (you need to log out and in, or be considered a free rider) because nobody in IT has figured out to fairly calculate and share the profit fairly. Since the government doesn't stimulate or punish this behaviour there's no incentive of corporations to fix this. They've been saying since forever that they'd fix it. > Walk around Berlin right now and count how many "screening" checkpoints their are in the train stations. Spoiler: there aren't even doors on all the entrances. Somehow, as if by magic, trains are clean and run on time. The strongest smell is from the food vendors in the attached mall. Times have changed! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berlin_Zoologischer_Garten_rai... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christiane_F._%E2%80%93_We_Chi... "Cinematography is bleak and dreary, depicting a dilapidated, working-class Berlin with rundown structures and dirty, blighted backdrops. Modern Berlin is very different and most of the landmarks from the movie (the station, the Bülow street stalls, the Sound discothèque) have either been demolished or completely remodeled." "Most of the extras at the railway station and at the Sound club were actual junkies, prostitutes and low-lifes rounded up by producers just for the crowd scenes. In the scene where Christiane runs through the alleys of the station to find Babsi, the camera lingers on several terminal junkies leaning against the walls of the underpass. In a 2011 interview, Thomas Haustein, who plays Detlev and was still in school at the time, recalls how terrified he felt being surrounded by all those real-life addicts, but that he was able to successfully copy their behaviour for his character." In EU, you have to pay to enter a public bathroom. But as return, the bathroom is kept clean (or at least that is the idea). I read a story the other day how restaurants allowed free bathroom usage to tourists in Germany. This was paid by city council, and allows for a more pleasant stay of tourists. So they like to come and/or return. Word of mouth works. > Yes, "social policies" like transit that's accessible to the disabled, elderly, and poor. Would you prefer planning that tells those people to stay at home where we can pretend they don't exist? This is one of the reasons why there's 1st and 2nd class train wagons. If you don't want to sit with "the plebs", get a more expensive ticket and go 1st class together with the other travellers in suit. This does not exist for busses AFAIK. Although one could walk, rent a bus, rent a car, carpool, or grab a taxi (renting a train(wagon) is actually also possible in some countries/regions). The Pebble Classic v1 did not ship with a lot of functionality for notifications, music and alarm (I remember needing Music Boss for a while), but later on I got all three working (it was permission related). The notifications can be customised. Firmware also did extend such features at the price of less uptime (mine went from 7 to about 3 days). The lack of a to-do app is a huge one for me. Why? Because the use case of using a smartwatch with a grocery store list is huge for me. I'd use it twice a week, at the very least. Replacing the screen on my phone sets me back 85 EUR. A Pebble cost me ~115 EUR (including duties & S&H). And with all the kids and perky people in the grocery store the question isn't if my phone is gonna drop, its when. It is just so unfortunate that Google Keep doesn't have a public API. There also isn't an abstraction layer for to-do lists (I, for one, am not going to pay for a subscription app like Evernote with a cloud based in US). Preferably I'd self host, and gladly pay a one time fee for such an app. > Everyone I know with Pebbles love them, but they tend to be more technical users who wouldn't get stressed over a few bugs. Yeah, that and lack of apps/features perhaps makes the device just not user friendly enough. You can't sell that if you focus on productivity, but you can mask it if you're going for fitness. > Is it just me that stopped looking into smartwatches because they became too fitness oriented? What would really matter is some kind of market research. Did Pebble do those? Or did they just follow Apple/Fitbit and bet on the wrong horse? Did they bet on the wrong horse? > I loved the focus on productivity and having a watch becoming slower because it had to track an increasing number of health metrics I couldn't care less of actually killed it for me. You appear to assume the two are mutually exclusive. You know you can put off the fit part of the Pebble? As for the article, the graph backs up what I concluded reading the previous threads: 1) The Pebbles were relatively cheap with low profit margin. (early Kickstarter adopters got the device a bit cheaper than the final price) 2) Pebble did not yield enough volume in sales. 3) People don't buy a new Pebble every year. 4) No resale value (like Apple devices do have). Add to that 5) Profit margins are much higher for expensive, luxury products. 6) Not deep enough pockets to sustain (other companies have their smartwatch dept on 'life support'). 7) Due to its immaturity the smartwatch cannot replace the smartphone as of yet, nor can any other portable device of similar size (ie. a "Google Glass"). 8) A perceived 'fitness' niche puts the smartwatch in the position of complimenting the smartphone instead of replacing it. This is only short term beneficial. 9) Is there even a market for a low power, high uptime (juice-wise) smartwatch? Do customers complain they need to refuel every day? How important is it? I'd like to compare this to the zealotry Apple put in size of the MBP, sacrificing horsepower (RAM, battery power, ability to replace hardware such as RAM/battery/SSD) and the quality of the keyboard. This while they already had a brand where size mattered over horsepower; the Air. The article is misleading the price of travel via DB, but OTOH price of DB is rather complex (its variable, and there are also options for discounts). It is important to note the price of travel by train in Germany varies a lot depending on variables. You can order your ticket months in advance and get a specific seat (in the ICE) at a specific fare (ie. a trainseat at a specific time & date). This allows for massive discounts. However you're inflexible in your schedule and spot. Consider the following hypothetical examples: 1) You order 3 months in advance and can get a discount of 75%. 2) You order 3 weeks in advance and can get a discount of only 25%-50%. 3) You want to order 2 days in advance and can't even get on the train anymore since its full (ICE). You think you can travel by ICE and buy your ticket on the spot and can't since its full. Grumbled you buy a ticket -at full price- for the RE/IC and have to swap trains all the time which also stop more often. Note that right now its mid december so it is going to be difficult to book cheap for end of december. Since Germany is a large country you'll practically end up travel by ICE if you travel through the country. For example, the full price of a one way ticket from Ruhr area to Berlin is ~115 EUR. So, it is interesting how much time in advance one has to order with Locomore. Apparently one can only order online and not via DB sale points. But how does the ticket work then? Does one have to print it out or can it be shown on a smartphone? I don't know how pricing works in other countries apart from The Netherlands. IC in The Netherlands have free WiFi, but it requires one to log in with a web browser. No cryptography is used in the connection either. The article mentions the following: > and a journey on a recycled (dare I say vintage) train that runs entirely on sustainably sourced green electricity. I'd like to know which sustainably sourced green electricity. Because nuclear energy is also considered 'green' these days. Not sure if that is true in Germany. > Europe’s railways have already seen substantial deregulation and privatization—often, as in Britain, with highly negative results. Yeah, there's a national system akin to Oyster card in The Netherlands. Easy to log in and out and once they swapped from Mifare, more secure. Yet if you swap train of a different company (and they're more rampant here than in Germany, apparently) you need to log out and in. If you don't, you are considered free riding and get a fine of 35 EUR plus the fare price. If this ever happens to you in The Netherlands know that you can appeal a fine once a year by phone or the website. So you can get your money back. > Fun fact, perhaps related, perhaps not, according to IP lawyer relatives cartographers had to traditionally add at least some non-factual content to make it not pure fact, which is not copyrightable. Sounds like an urban myth. Rather, it functions like a watermark. > Perhaps, and I am terrified to suggest this, this industry will come up with their own answer to that. Haha. Not really. We know copyright infringement is happening. The current problems the industry has with copyright protection lie in enforcing them. Thanks for thinking along, FWIW I hope it may inspire other readers as well. I was aware of option #0 and #1. #0 made me give up -eventually, after retrying- since it requires root because Google Keep has no public API. This is also why I was puzzled #1 claimed it did work (it didn't). 0) Keep for Pebble requires root (root is area 51 for me) 1) WatchNote never worked for me (only sortof, via Evernote, very buggy) 2) Infinite Notes doesn't use Google Keep (offline is nice though since I regularly lose internet access in the grocery store). 3) PowerNoter doesn't use Google Keep (voice command is interesting, but my shopping list isn't saved in English) Perhaps I should ditch Google Keep as requirement, but the missus is very accustomed to that and doesn't tolerate yet another piece of software for grocery shopping. > [a], [b], [c], [d], [e], [f], [h] and you find that China is Characterized by corruption and opportunism? The two are not mutually exclusive. Relevant Xen Security Advisory https://xenbits.xen.org/xsa/advisory-200.html https://xenbits.xen.org/xsa/advisory-195.html All XSA https://xenbits.xen.org/xsa/ ( snip ) Do people socialise whilst being in a sauna, or do they rather meditate? Does it differ per person or region? If meditate, has there been cross reference between people who meditate instead of sauna? Interesting project. It only seemed to work with English. I got no problem with that, but it'd be nice to give the user a warning or note about this. Either a warning/note ahead of time, in the FAQ, and/or if non-English is detected. > The day the 500+ program started, several employees left, literally saying that they have 3-4 children, so by just getting the money from the government they will be better off than working and they don't need a job anymore. They are all jobless and living off 500+ as far as I know. Yeah, yeah... I know that kind of story. This isn't the complete picture. You are presenting anecdotal evidence, and omitting important details. Some important details you are ommiting: 1A) For the job you provide, is the QoL of the work low compared to the wage and potential health hazard(s)? This seems to be the easiest counterpoint to your entire argument. You also lack statistical relevance. 1B) You omit the question wether those workers were easily replaced. If yes, what type of income & benefits did those people receive? If no, why not? Aside from that one: 2) Which other social benefits exist in Poland? 3) Are these affected by child support benefits? 4) How exactly do the various tax systems work in Poland? 5) Are/were they performing unreported work? > I would say that's a pretty good indication what will happen with UBI - I'm sure there's loads of people who wouldn't leave their jobs because they like having more money(me included) but for a lot of people if free money is enough to get by then that's what they are going to live on. Do you have children yourself? Children are a huge joy, but also a huge burden. It is a living hell to both work, and also have children. What some people with good wage do is work full time, both, and have child caretaker(s). Those are going to be employed. There's also the problem that unskilled work in the West is in decline. I don't know if that is true for Poland though. And there is the notion that you either work full time, or you don't work at all. Why these extremes? With 3-4 children you are overburdened by them, and it'd be an option for one of the parents to not work full time. This is why the right to be forgotten is important. It was a mistake to grant these people your personal data, but at the very least you can make them delete your personal data. $50 seems like an arbitrary number, not a logical chosen barrier. What about your data, and your privacy? Is that worth anything? You say you have Apple (and maybe Microsoft) as exception but Microsoft was one of the first to join PRISM program. Apple's in it as well. Apple uses Siri. Do you entrust Apple with your voice data? With your Spotlight searches (or Microsoft, as I saw today that was being used, and I know I never set it up to use Bing cause I don't use Bing)? If you're not from the USA, it'd be stupid to depend on US cloud services ever since the Snowden revelations. Before that as well, but then it was just all theory. Cloud is sometimes invisible and, well, murky (cloudy) as to . Therein lies a danger. A program like Signal does it right, but that is merely communication. I have no idea what the feasible alternative would be to cloud because something like a mobile phone just isn't powerful enough, and has its own set of privacy and security issues on top of that. > I'm from the USA. [...] > $50 is decent dinner out. [...] > I'm more worried about shelling out money for services the vanish. Fair enough! How far do you go with this? Open source firmware and the like? > I'm from the USA. I don't have any reason to implement an opsec level that would potentially defeat a government inquiry. If there were a targeted effort to get at my stuff, my home lacks the controls to even offer a moderate level of resistance. Oh, I have no issue if the secret service of my country targets someone (including me) specifically. My problem is with mass surveillance, dragnets, and silly attempts to find needles in haystacks. That I would try to avoid, try to not support those by voting with my wallet. Also, I'd like you to consider the following: it isn't only the secret service or the NSA. The Snowden revelations are just the tip of the iceberg, or the wake up call. There's also the insurance company, the headhunter, data leaks because $cloud_provider can't secure their shit, profiling based on your data, etc. > The question I have is, without watching the video, is this the ACTUAL thief? If you watched the video, you'd know. Also, from the FAQ: "1. How do you know the guy in the pictures is the thief? Please watch the film again, we were witnesses of the theft and filled a police report which described the person we later saw in the pictures. Besides that, there is a lot of supporting evidence for the fact the thief didn't sell the phone the fist few days. I won't go into to much detail now. If you don't believe that there is an other argument: The person who used the phone must have known the phone was stolen because it had all my pictures and accounts still on it for a whole week. If he bought it, which he didn't he at least could have known the phone was stolen because of that." The author doesn't address this. However, the author doesn't want viewers to try similar projects, and also did the project to inform people of the massive privacy issues concerning smartphones. From his FAQ: "5. Why won't you teach us how to install the app like you did? Besides theft, I wanted to make a point and start a discussion about privacy on smartphones without actually making a film that even mentions the word privacy. This is why the project should not be reproduced. I think the film makes the point, doing it again would be for entertainment purposes which I didn't. I hope people who see the film will realize the risk of getting hacked on smartphones, by hackers and governments. On computers, most people use virus scans, install updates and some people even put tape on their webcams while almost nobody even considers how vulnerable a smartphone is, and what the implications of getting hacked mean. I think the film already created a lot of awareness and started discussions about it.﻿" Also, quoting from his YouTube page: "Anthony is a director, researcher and concept developer. In June 2015 he graduated from the Willem de Kooning Academy with his film Find my Phone. Anthony uses technology to tell stories in his work and has special interest in software and hardware development, hacking and privacy. He is currently working on developing a new documentary series and several other projects." The above suggests this was just an art project. That doesn't mean it is exempt from law (personally, I believe he broke the law, and if you're interested wether this is true or not in NL I can highly recommend a lawyer, Arnoud Engelfriet, who might address the question on his blog), but it does show his intentions. See also the documentary "The Feeling Of Being Watched". An insider's look at an Arab community that's been under FBI surveillance since the '90s http://www.feelingofbeingwatched.com/ EDIT: apparently it is a Kickstarter project which met its goal https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/beingwatched/the-feelin... You complain a web proxy can be MITM, but the very same is true about Tor exit nodes. Should EFF therefore not recommend the usage of Tor and/or Tor exit nodes? You don't use a web proxy to protect your search privacy against a nation state actor; you use it to protect your search privacy against the search engine(s). Also, if you actually read the link you linked you'd find that 1) it is flagged as 'advanced' which suggests some kind of technical expertise of the user 2) nowhere it is suggested to use someone _else_ their web proxy 3) instead, Privoxy (software; not a service) is suggested because it has privacy enhancing features and 4) anonymizers are suggested. As for anonymizers, that suggestion comes with a fair share of warnings. Basically, in the article EFF recommends Tor. > In terms of the EFF article, it's just one of many which recommend the use of proxies and was just an example providing that this has been guidance that's been provided for quite awhile. There are even commercial web proxy providers like TorGuard which market web (HTTP) proxies: Again, the article (which stems from 2006) recommends: 1) Tor. 2) Privoxy (which is not the same as 'recommending proxies' since you can run it on 127.0.0.1) 3) Tor + Privoxy (guess where Privoxy runs) 4) anonymizers. The article should indeed not recommend #4 if protecting against a nation state. But that doesn't seem to be the goal of the article. The article is out of date, and its focus is on protecting the user's privacy from search engines and the like. It against profiling by ASPs. A better question is "should out of date articles have warnings about them being inaccurate and/or dated?" Finally, people who anonimize their BitTorrent usage via a proxy or VPN generally do this because of hiding copyright infringement or avoiding blockades. The intention is to hide their IP address against MPAA (and the like), not NSA (and the like). On top of that, "TorGuard" seems to have very little to do with "Tor"; that alone tells me to not trust such a service. I experienced the opposite. When I was young I, European, went to the States and I was being asked 'how are you' in a grocery store. So I ended up answering this question quite seriously until my American friend bumped me to explain we should move on. Obviously, there's only one correct answer to that question: 'good, how are you?' I consider it an extremely rude gesture, and not at all courtesy. If you're asking someone how they are, you should do that genuinely, or not at all. While I fully understand how it is being courteous there are different ways to be courteous which don't include asking questions you don't really want answers to. IOW, I find it very fake. Although I do experience it more here as well, thinking back I remember it occurring at work and in family. I tend to avoid using it. According to Wikipedia, Bipolar II is hard to diagnose. A lot of personality disorders also have an onset in late youth/early adulthood. IOW, you cannot diagnose those yet at a pre-teen age. There's a big taboo concerning depression. It isn't regarded as a disease, in social life those who are negative tend to get avoided. As for rewards like presents, I simply don't get the whole theatre behind it. It is just trading, often nowhere near original, and I too often don't know what on earth to buy for someone, ending up with cheesy things. You ask something, and you either get exactly what you want (no surprise), you get something you don't want and did not ask for (negative surprise) or you get something you did not ask for and do want (positive surprise). Now, how to make someone positively surprised if they already feel they got pretty much everything? If the only things they do want are rather expensive? If they don't need yet another cheap thing such as perfume while they already have their own expensive perfume brand which bottle is not even half empty? My point is that it can be extremely difficult to satisfy someone's needs. Not merely mine; the ones of all my peers. Now consider I was like this as a child as well (probably why I am like this now). Perhaps therein lies the difference. The non depressed are happy to receive a gift, never mind that it is merely a custom whereas the depressed see through the custom. One could argue the latter is smarter, but is that true from a biological PoV? > but on the other I realize that these people are competing with people who come from places without a minimum wage at all. "Places", or "countries" might have low minimum wage compared to US or even below the average of world. But no minimum wage at all seems unlikely. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_minimum_wages_by_count... I wonder if there is a 18+ check involved. > To me the answer is to tell yourself that it's not work but a hobby that happens to pay, and at least seek out work that pays minimum wage in your area, if that applies. But it isn't a hobby; it is paid; hence work. From Wikipedia: "A Hobby is a regular activity that is done for enjoyment, typically during one's leisure time." The type of labour on Amazon Turk is extremely repetitive just like (physical) hard labour. The goal also isn't pleasure, and the income isn't a gift; it is part of one's income (I wonder if it is being tracked though). I also find the name Amazon Turk offensive. I am aware that the word Turk has multiple meanings, but in a good part of the 90s in Europe cheap labour and Turkish people went hand in hand. It was the kind of labour the native Europeans didn't want to do (e.g. garbagemen), it paid very badly. Now we are at the next step of globalisation and because the competition goes via the Internet the lowest common denominator becomes standard. Which is very bad for those who are unemployed, underskilled, homeless etc in higher civilized countries where the standard of living is higher, but so is things like rent. Heck, I wouldn't even be able to pay my rent with Amazon Turk. > The same thing happens on freelancer sites. Jobs for pennies on the dollar of their worth are fought over by people barely making it in the US, and people who are enjoying a rather livable stream of income in other countries. Yes, and fake freelance like Uber and MLM. Right now distros who backport, such as Debian, need to very carefully read changelogs and decide what and what not to backport. Quite a daunting task. We're talking about a default feature which is disabled 'for average users'. Average users only have a few tabs open in their browser. Not 100. Average users also don't have 3 GB RAM, nor do they use view source on a mobile phone, and neither do average users actually use the feature. So the default setting makes sense even though a user who is using the feature may end up using several MB due to a reload (not cool on a plan). If you are saving 57 kB per tab open, that'd be ~5,7 MB with 100 tabs open. But if you have 100 tabs open on a mobile phone (!!), you have a bigger problem, and all those tabs are causing swapping already anyway. In that sense, enabling the feature by default makes sense. And don't forget that some people don't have flat rate internet. > Eating healthy food _is_ costlier than not caring about what you eat. However, that does not mean that expensive equals healthy. > It's basically the same old "everything that's good is (at least somewhat) expensive, but not everything that's expensive is good" applied to food. Actually, that is false and contradicting. It is perfectly possible to eat healthy and cheap. Sure, if you limit your price you end up with less choice, but that does not mean the cheap choices are bad, or that you end up with expensive food if you want quality. An entire industry wants to make you think otherwise, but they're deceiving the customers. Take for example, from the article, the following: "The key was that for some participants the Chicken Balsamic Wrap was listed as more expensive, and for others the Roasted Chicken Wrap cost more.". The names of products should not be misleading, yet the industry gets away with it, 'as long as its in the product'. Sounds good? Well, if there are trace amounts in the product, it counts. This is just one example. Another one is right in the article: "“Rich in Vitamin A for eye health.”" this is a fraudulent statement, a propaganda lie which stems from WWII. The Brits used it as propaganda to convince the general public, including the Germans, that this was what allowed them to see German airplanes in advance (it was actually radar which did). It has long since been debunked. Our laws are failing us here. They are supposed to protect us, but companies work around them. Some very healthy foods which aren't that expensive (in my grocery store, in my country, YMMV (!!)): free range chicken eggs. Compared to a cereal, much more healthy, and filling. Yet a fraction of the price. Another example: an unripe banana is high on magnesium, yet doesn't contain a lot of sugar. You may find it between other bananas which are more ripe. Frozen raspberries and blueberries, cost about half of fresh ones, yet they'll stay well longer. You won't find the green friends on those berries while they're in the freezer. Another silly one is all those fruit juices. As if you need vitamin C if you simply eat green vegetables such as brocolli. There are countless of examples available. It does require some comparisons and it does depend on what you believe is healthy. People don't wanna make those comparisons at 5 PM after a long day of work, I get that. That is why I want governments to interfere. The industry is too selfish to manage this on their own (they're for profit, and enjoy a lack of regulations on it), and is confusing the general public with smoke screens on what is healthy and what isn't, or like this article explains with silly prices. It is actually quite a fallacy, and the opposite is suggesting: "because this is expensive, and we claim it is healthy, it is therefore more likely to be healthy than if it were cheap. Else we would sell it cheaper." it stems from the ridiculous assumption that expensive food means healthier food. As for your statement: "Eating healthy food _is_ costlier than not caring about what you eat." we are creature of habit. If your food habits are healthy as they are, and you have done your best to find cheap yet quality food in your grocery store then you'll be fine with doing groceries at 5 PM whilst being tired from work. You just mindlessly buy the things you always buy, you don't get distracted by offers, you don't have to do any research or comparisons. You already made up your mind. It is not equal to 'not caring' since you did once care, but it is 'careless' in a sense. The claim was, back then, that people had to eat more carrots to improve eye sight. Healthy people already have good vitamin A levels. So additional vitamin A does not improve their eye sight to superstitious levels (as the propaganda claimed). With a normal diet you will get more than enough vitamin A. Vitamin A deficiency stems from malnourishment. According to https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/83/Vitamin_... deficiency only somewhat occurs in Africa. On top of that, it is important to note that overdosing on supplements is possible. See also: http://www.snopes.com/food/ingredient/carrots.asp So the notion that someone in the West (who I assume is the reader of this website, and not a malnourished person from Africa) needs to focus on vitamin A, or has to care about such statements, is false. They get their vitamin A, they are not deficient, and the statement that one needs to eat something rich in vitamin A for eye health is very likely to be false; therefore unnecessary, and also fraudulent. Such statements are akin to a statement such as "rich in NaCl for survival". Sure, one needs NaCl, but we already get far too much of it anyway; the average West civilian does not have to focus on more NaCl. If anything, less . I admit a major difference is that it is harder to overdose on vitamin A, than NaCl, but the former is still inaccurate and makes people feel well that they treat themselves with healthy foods which are in fact nothing but needless quackery. > However, everything else being equal, healthy food has to be costlier than the cheapest food, because otherwise those two would be the same. Why can they not be the same? Why can something not be healthiest and cheapest? And, if we ban all unhealthy food, or tax it, it is going to be not the cheapest. > And while that's probably true, eggs from egg factories will still be cheaper. Glad you used that example! I don't know about the USA, but those eggs are becoming more rare in grocery stores here due to pressure from consumer right and animal right organisations. The reverse (ie. your statement) can also be true. Whole wheat bread is more rare (and if they even do have it, more expensive). Meanwhile, white bread is being made as if it looks like whole wheat (brown), and as if it contains whole wheat (either none, or barely). In this example, you are absolutely correct (at least, here, I don't know about US for example). But, that reverse is not true by definition . It is not a law . I would agree with you, if you'd argue that it is more likely . IMO, that is due to lack of regulations which stems from lack of political willpower to bother. The following documentary "de eerlijke onderneming" [1] was broadcasted on Dutch TV. The title translates to "the fair company", there's a lot of English in it as well. It is about a man, Bas van Abel, who started a company called Fairphone. He tried tried to source a phone of completely fair materials. That means that all the materials including the cobalt and the little technical parts are paid fairly for, as well as the people who made them. What I learned from the documentary is that you can't change overnight a huge system (like, how little rights people in China have, how production in China cannot be avoided, or the gang wars and child labour in Africa) even if you want to. You need to lower your standards to the status quo of the social environment you are working with, and improve it from there, little by little. Plus, you will experience setbacks. Also, his goal was pretty much impossible for various practical reasons so he had to lower expectations. Their profit margins are very low for standards (IIRC For the record, I wouldn't put it like this. I think there's a lot of shades between such harsh, black and white statements. [1] http://www.vpro.nl/programmas/tegenlicht/kijk/afleveringen/2... > One needs to go to the store, buy what's on sale (which is also frequently what's in season and thus probably more nutrient packed), and then build a recipe around that using non-perishable pantry ingredients. Agreed. But this a complex problem. First, we need the ability to scan food quickly, and know what it is. The Swiss have https://www.openfood.ch which is awesome, but that is just the Swiss. Alternatively, we could use our bonus card of the grocery store, or use OCR on the receipt. This'd give us the names of the ingredients at the very least. Next, at a minimum, we need a way to detect and read the expiration date, allow to sort on this, and have some red/yellow/green markers for warning. On food, there is no standard for this as of yet. We'd need standards for perishable food like bananas and tomatoes. How long do those last? Perhaps ML/AI would be of help here. I'd also argue we need food allergy warnings, but that'd be a feature for after 1.0 (just add a temporary warning). We also need to store these ingredients in a database which is accessibly to the customers. I know some are thinking SaaS, cloud, etc but I prefer privacy TYVM. We need to be able to modify this database, and use say cron jobs for the expire date. Next, we need the ability to connect this personal data -while containing privacy- with recipe databases (for which there is no open standard, and is pested with copyright), which would be used to match the ingredients which A) user has, and are to expire B) user prefers to use C) user doesn't mind buying. The suggestions to the user are based on ML/AI, but the user can set a day they want to 'experiment'; then a cuisine is selected the user normally does not follow (this last feature not for 1.0). A later feature would give accurate feedback to the user how long the cooking is going to take based on ML/AI. Finally, a backend with grocery store DBs is used, to order new ingredients/foods. This has support for price, brands, S&H, food allergies, shop opening time. Backorder support, suggestion support (together w/recipe backend). (I ignored drones delivering the orders.) Ambitious perhaps. Does any of this exist? Thank you for your post and clarifications. They make a lot of sense to me. I made a mistake in my post: > in a good part of the 90s in Europe cheap labour and Turkish people went hand in hand I meant to say the 20th century, not the 90s. It occurred from about '60s till '80s. I'm also glad I'm not the only one who finds the name offensive, and FWIW I'm not Turkish in any way. Nor do I resent being associated with Turkish people. However for it to change, two people wouldn't be enough. I also wonder if the name is a coincidence, or deliberate. If Amazon were a European company I'd expect the latter, but America doesn't have the same history with Turkey as Europe does. As for hobby. I'd just call it what it is: "a badly paid job". One you'd replace ASAP if you could. You need to also take into account that one requires a computer which requires maintenance and is going to (partly) die at some point. Sure, internet bill is likely flat fee and paid already, but electricity is going to be higher. I have no clue what Otto is, never heard of that brand. As far as I'm concerned its a first name. However, you getting laughed at saying: > That said, Google is a software company ..is because Google is not primarily a software company. Google is first and foremost an advertising (or 'profiling') company which uses whatever tool (software, hardware, service, complete stack) at their disposal to increase profit derived from -you guessed it- advertising. What Google wants is to have their software and service in every car in the world. Cars are akin to Android devices. At best, Google would make reference models to give the right example (this is what Nexus originally was as well). Google goes for volume (like it did with Android, and like Microsoft did with Windows and Office), Tesla is the Apple who goes for the top segment. Facebook is in the same league. Microsoft, with Windows and Office, used to be a software company, selling software licenses. They're reinventing themselves away from that ever since Mr Nadella's been behind the steering wheel. Don't mistake an advertising (or 'profiling', or even spying) company for a software company. Even then, traditional software company is vastly different from SaaS which even Oracle is heading towards. Tesla, Apple, and -sortof- Microsoft have very different business models than Google and Facebook. Been considering getting one. They come with option of Ubuntu. But I read too many complaints on things like coil whine, HiDPI, and low uptime on battery. > Probably mainly smoke and mirrors. That is because CCTV does not directly decrease crime. Instead, it tries to increase the chance the alleged criminal gets seen, profiled, and caught later on which means the alleged criminal won't be able to commit crime for a while due to jail time. Mass surveillance and CCTV are notoriously bad at avoiding crime or terrorism from happening on the short term though, and as long as there is incentive to either, they'll remain happening. Problem is that each software upgrade from Apple contains important security and reliability fixes. You get those even on old Mac hardware (my MBP is 6 years old now). On a Hackintosh, you don't know whether those software upgrades are going to work, or if they will break or brick your system. On top of that, when I looked around, I couldn't find some kind of good guide advising me which ultrabook to buy as Hackintosh. There's no clear comparisons and just a lot of homebrew mentality. I'm not interested in that; I want something which works well, and stays working well. > OS X also has a lot of mindshare. Sure, but I expect that to go down now. IMNSHO, YMMV. > Same with Google: they hire a lot of software engineers that contribute directly to their revenue. (I know nothing about accounting, so can't comment on that.) Yes, in that sense it is true. In the sense of the end product (software licenses not being the primary source of income), and the way profit is gained (advertising), it is untrue. I guess it depends on perspective. I guess you want something akin to what Razer Core is for Razer Blade, but then you don't want more graphics power. Apparently it uses USB-C to achieve this. Does that give confidence we may see this feature more commonly? > Having just visited Japan, one thing that struck me is that Japanese consumers by and large refuse to buy low quality crap, so stores generally don't stock them (including groceries). Would be interesting to look into the why and/or how come . > Having really discriminating consumers is probably the one way to make sure stores stop selling unhealthy things. Regarding laws though -- consumers and voters are largely the same group of people. If they're not discriminating enough to care about not buying something, it's unlikely they'll vote on those preferences too. It is difficult to change a habit for an individual, and the same is true for a society, but if we can change the habit of some individuals we can change enough momentum to change society for the better. Its not that nobody cares; consumer right movement does care, for example. My point is that we don't have to change the habit of every single individual. We need enough people who do care. At the very worst, we'd need 51% of the population, but likely much lower will do. First we must understand the why and how come though. I think there are solid reasons for that being how it is though. They're kinda intertwined/related to each other. 1a) Brand loyalty. People don't like change, they like to stick to what they know. This creates easy brand loyalty. This also has the disadvantage that newcomers [in the food business] have a harder time to achieve market share. 1b) Abundance of choice. Choice is great, too much choice is not. Clear choices, with clear pros and cons are informational . This also affects #1, and once again means even less space for newcomers. 2) Contradicting information / lack of consensus. For one, we still haven't reached a consensus of how something like diabetes is developed, we still as a society fail to combat obesity. 3) Time constraints. You can' expect hard working people who spend their free time to construct a diet for them. 4a) Lack of stimulus for the industry. For a variety of reasons the industry gets away with serving & selling low quality food. While becoming ill from food is short-term, ill from diet is long term. The blame is shifted towards the lifestyle choice of the people. Some self responsibility is fair, but not all. 4b) Lack of direct feedback. As briefly explained in 4a the user does not receive direct feedback over the cause and effect of their lifestyle choices. Some food choices do give direct feedback, but the user has learned to ignore. 4c) Addiction. Adding to 1a and 4a/b, there is a clear benefit to having people becoming addicting to your food, so that they keep coming back. This also makes it difficult for newcomers, since people tend to get back to their product. Even if yours is better. Note, I'm a former cigarette addict, so I know how difficult it is to overcome an addiction. How can we solve such a complex issue? Well not overnight, but for starters: Re 1) These cannot be easily solved. Or at least, I don't see how. As long as these exist this gives us a disadvantage. However, globalisation has given us even more food choice, including some healthy ones, and something like drones allows us to order less common but healthy foods more easily (even though the local grocery store may not carry it). Re 2, 4) This can be solved with legislation, but also with proof hunting. This phenomenon has some momentum due to the fake news debacle in US election. Computers can aid us here. Re 3) Here, too, computers can aid us. I have some ideas on software which could aid us specifically with this aspect of the problem, see [1]. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13215767 Not sure if manga qualifies as reading but for manga/anime cyberpunk I can recommend Ghost In The Shell. It deeply touches these subjects, from multiple angles. Then, since you specifically said read, there's Philip K. Dick, who wrote loads of books on this genre. When people think of Blade Runner they don't even know its based on a novel by him [1] If you're referring to a book which studies cyberpunk as a genre from a documentary PoV then I wouldn't know. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do_Androids_Dream_of_Electric_... > Overall, GitHub should go the services route. Could you give examples on how that route, in your opinion, could look like? Is it possible to spoof the reply? Or block the request? This smells like security by obscurity to me. Oh, the EU knew it could happen; they were told it wouldn't happen. We need to operate on some basic level of common trust. If you wanna do business in the EU, you need to play by the rules. As it turns out, not only did it happen, the software/tech to make it happen was already ready ! That makes a pretty strong case against Facebook's intentions. I actually would agree that it was in hindsight stupid because of Facebook's business model. Why else would they want to buy WhatsApp other than profiling and spying? Ideally, we don't even want corporations to have such huge amounts of data on us but we're not on that level yet. We're still too ignorant on that one. More Bad Things (tm) must happen first. > Seems like the issue is specifically about them saying they couldn't do it, rather than wouldn't do it. Yes, I was wrong, I thought the EU was told by Facebook that Facebook would not do it, while they knew it could be done. We are arguing semantics though. If someone asks you wether you would commit a crime (e.g. murder someone), and you reply "I can't", and then said someone lets you pass, that does not give you a blank cheque to commit said crime. "Wouldn't" makes no difference here. If anything, "couldn't" sounds more authoritative because even if you'd want to, you argue you can't whereas the other one is solely based on trust. Regardless, arguing over that attempts to draw attention away that it did happen. Second, we must not forget the EU is not asking a random stranger about it (or well, they were, see below); they were asking those with the know-how themselves, Facebook and WhatsApp. > Though I would assume that a 30 min consultation with any competent technical person would give rise to a dozen different ways in which it COULD be done... Competitors and customers of Facebook and WhatsApp were broadly inquired by the EU before the acquisition was finalised [1]. "[...] The questionnaire inquires about what a merged entity could do with customers' data, and how that could affect advertising services, in particular the effectiveness of ads over both mobile devices such as smartphones and on computers. "In your view, what would be the likely impact on WhatsApp and its user base if post-transaction WhatsApp… were to start collecting increased amount of data about its users (e.g. user location, age, gender, message content, etc.)?" the questionnaire asks. It also probes the growing overlap between social networks and messaging services, as companies scramble to make the most advantageous possible use of consumers' data. "Which of the following websites/apps in your view can be described as a provider of social networking services? Please tick as many boxes as you consider appropriate," the commission asks, before listing dozens of services including Flickr, Foursquare, Google+, InterNations, LinkedIn, Myspace, Meetup, Tumblr, Twitter, Skyrock, Pinterest, Ask.FM and Spotbros. [...]" If your argument is that the acquisition should've never happened there have been multiple points of failure, but its too easy to point it all at the EU (if not merely for the fact that they weren't the ones who broke the law in this instance). I don't know if the details of these inquiries are public, I suspect not. [1] http://www.wsj.com/articles/eu-sends-questionnaire-to-rivals... Because instead of depending on a 3rd party, you depend on yourself (and in this case you'd hammer your own server, and notice). It is not far fetched; Windows and OS X work this way. By default, they use their own NTP servers. OS X even has separate servers for different regions (Europe, Asia, and Americas). 1) They don't do that with the MBP from 2010. Not even if you bought the 3 year extended warranty. Worse, it can break again, at any time, because it is a hardware defect. 2) Only after extensive pressure did Apple start this project, and only for 2011 MBPs. Yep, I eventually figured out its an opening, and I did learn to not answer the question. Nonetheless it is still rather odd to me given all the chit-chat Americans tend to have. It just seems inefficient to me, and it has too much potential for awkwardness. Hence I still remain of the opinion "if you don't want to hear an honest answer to a question; don't ask that question." akin to "doctor, it hurts when I do that; then don't do that." I sortof feel the same on 'have a good one' except here this does not hurt anyone, and it does not cause misconception. It is merely ending on a positive note. With that being said, a better way of introducing is "hello, pleased to meet you" since it shows dignity, or just "hello, good morning" which is more neutral. All of these are kind and small gestures but not overly or in the sense of inviting too much chit-chat, or invitations to doors which ought to remain closed. Anyway, no matter how much I dislike it, it won't change. At the same time I don't have to put myself on that level. How much tax did Apple pay to the US government based on their income, compared to the EU? Apple managed to pay virtually nothing in EU, thanks to a deal with Ireland. Which, incidentally, also got axed by the very same Margrethe Vestager. It did not lower in price, so you're working with hardware of between 1 and 2 years old which on top of being old did not become cheaper. One small advantage the 2016 version seems to have is being able to get power from either side of the laptop while the 2015 has 1x Magsafe (why on earth did they replace that) and 2 USB-C. > This is an obvious failure of the tax system. The solution is quite simple Yes, it is indeed: 1) if a company does local business, they should pay local tax, and, 2) by making sure the company has physical presence instead of being a P.O. box. Ie. by flagging those companies who claim they are in the middle of the Caribbean Sea while they're clearly not as tax evaders who ought to be prosecuted 3) use whitelists on companies who are honest, and for those who are not: immediately distract the corporate income tax from their transactions (it is 2016, after all). EDIT: 4) the construction with fake companies who the companies deal with should also be pretty easy to catch with some ML/AI :) Your solution: > get rid of corporate income tax, focus on consumption taxes. Would give corporations a free ride at the expense of consumers. It'd stimulate consumers to start fake corporations just to avoid tax. Finally, it'd lower the value of the money the consumer has as it is. Hardly a fair solution. > Nothing they did was illegal until the EU change their laws 25 years retroactively. That's oversimplifying what happened. What happened is that Apple was working with the Irish government for a deal with very low tax %. The EU now told the Irish government that this was illegal, and that they need to ask Apple to pay the full price. Retroactively. If you play dirty around the rules don't complain when it does not work out. If Apple had simply played according to the rules none of this would've happened. The excuse that 'everyone does it' is a bad one. It doesn't work out for all the criminals in jail in US for dealing drugs, now does it? It was no doubt an important acquisition, but 'the most important'? Someone who makes such a bold claim has gotta be someone who really knows computer history extremely well. This is just one of those 'what if' scenarios. If Apple didn't buy NeXT someone else would've innovated a good capacitive touchscreen device. Maybe it would've been Nokia. They were busy with experimenting with that long before the first iPhone got released, see the Nokia 770 and Maemo (or actually check its successor, the Nokia N800). Perhaps Elop would never have become the CEO of Nokia. Perhaps Nokia would've still be around. Perhaps not? We'll never know. Everything's connected. Thanks for the explanations, they've broadened my viewpoint on the matter. FWIW, I never said it was easy. I also never said I didn't want additional punishment on the crime. I do; and in addition to jail time. That way you hurt the criminals where it hurts. If the BSA, RIAA, MPAA can claim missed income with ludicrous amounts, why can't the tax departments? Oh wait, reading the article, they did, and apparently that is just 100% + interest. For maximum efficiency, go after the big fish _first_. But there's so much fish slipping through with regards to BSA, MPAA, RIAA, and also (corporate) income tax. Tech can help us here, but the legal system is flooded as it is. In practice there's out of court settlements which is less ideal since it creates a shadow justice system. Now, if we do what you suggest, abolish income tax, VAT will go up due to loss of income from income tax, and the state needs income from somewhere. However the effective income of the consumer would go up as well which I forgot. Since there's so much corporate income tax evasion, the consumer and honest businessmen end up with a net advantage of purchasing power compared to the current situation, and we save money/time/lawyers/experts. Although I suppose some lawyers/experts lawyers need to respecialize. A caveat is that we must implement it on a global scale. Else the VAT is higher in certain countries, while lower in other, which increases the incentive for fraud (buy by proxy). Also, it is too bad it won't work with any of the progressive tax systems. Which is what we in Europe have (YMMV). We could however, while abolishing income tax, move the weight of the progressive income tax to VAT, but what's gonna happen then? With physical items people would end up buying items for others. But like you said it is difficult on a large scale, and for something like a car that wouldn't work very well, since its pretty much bound to a driver's license and its movement is tracked via GPS. With items bound via DRM or service w/o resale value, there's no problem either. In other words, progressive VAT on service would work. There's also the side effect that people sit on their money. If they spend it, it is (more) heavily taxed. I think that is going to create a massive black market, but perhaps that could be tackled in the 21st century. My main beef with your point is that you believe people are gonna keep getting away with it. I disagree. I believe technology is going to force^H^H^H^H^H us, on the longer run, more honest. But if we were to swap to a progressive VAT-only system we'd also be able to use tech. EDIT PS: A way to avoid progressive VAT problem would be to rescale incomes. Well... yeah... I just don't see that happening... > You also got me thinking about what "slippery slope" would be in Arabic. It could be directly translated but the idiom would lose its meaning. Regardless, I think the point the article's author is trying to convey is that religious conservatives are wary of the slow creep of Western concepts into their society. I went to Slippery Slope article on English Wikipedia and then clicked on Arabic. This is a way I often use with languages I regularly use (such as English, Dutch, German, and Spanish) in order to figure what something means in one of those languages. I wanted to describe this process because I believe it can help others in a similar situation. An alternative is Wiktionary, but I find it working less good. So, the Arabic Wikipedia entry for Slippery Slope is [1]. Using Google Translate, I ended up with it meaning also "Nose of the Camel". This is apparently an Arabian tale. Quoting: The Camel's Nose In The Tent. One cold night, as an Arab sat in his tent, a camel gently thrust his nose under the flap and looked in. "Master," he said, "let me put my nose in your tent. It's cold and stormy out here." "By all means," said the Arab, "and welcome" as he turned over and went to sleep. A little later the Arab awoke to find that the camel had not only put his nose in the tent but his head and neck also. The camel, who had been turning his head from side to side, said, "I will take but little more room if I place my forelegs within the tent. It is difficult standing out here." "Yes, you may put your forelegs within," said the Arab, moving a little to make room, for the tent was small. Finally, the camel said, "May I not stand wholly inside? I keep the tent open by standing as I do." "Yes, yes," said the Arab. "Come wholly inside. Perhaps it will be better for both of us." So the camel crowded in. The Arab with difficulty in the crowded quarters again went to sleep. When he woke up the next time, he was outside in the cold and the camel had the tent to himself. Disclaimer: I know practically nothing about the Arabic language. [1] https://ar.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D9%85%D9%86%D8%AD%D8%AF%D8%B1... [2] http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1800611/posts > The culture of medicine, at least at the physician level, is completely insane Is this problem US specific, or global? And, isn't the real problem a scarcity of qualified doctors? Which, if people follow your advice, becomes worse? > What if you added a downvote multiplier, so if you get 5 downvotes it becomes $.50? With a max neg of score of -10. And same for downvoter. And you get meta mods who watch these mods to try to keep things from wratcheting in a runaway manner. $0.50 is a lot of money in some countries in the world. It'd make trolling vastly more expensive for people in those countries. If you don't deal with the unpopular/controversial opinion getting downvoted problem it also devalues the unpopular/controversial opinions of those from those countries. If you're $local_news_paper in some small US town the above is irrelevant, but NYT is read worldwide, as is HN and Reddit. (Tho I suppose Reddit more than HN.) If you still wanna go ahead with your proposal, I think a good model on downvoting would be to see use it as currency with a relative cost plus an absolute base. E.g. absolute_base + 5%_of_current_karma. The relative cost is to avoid hoarding, the absolute cost is to avoid efficiency of karma depletion. I asked Dutch IT lawyer Arnoud Engelfriet about the legal status of the movie. He wrote about it today on his blog. His viewpoint is that as it was made here, this movie is legal: http://blog.iusmentis.com/2016/12/21/legaliteit-find-my-phon... I'm low on time right now and if I were to comment on it I am afraid I would omit important details. But the gist of it is that the student carefully made sure that privacy was kept intact, and that he carefully avoids a witch hunt. Try uBlock Origin. It performs even better than ABP, and hasn't sold out. Ghostery sold out, they sell your metadata to 3rd parties. Try uMatrix instead. It is as powerful as NoScript, but easier to use. For adblocker, consider uBlock Origin. Better performance, and didn't sell out. >> "The excuse that 'everyone does it' is a bad one. It doesn't work out for all the criminals in jail in US for dealing drugs, now does it?" > Governments give incentives including subsidies and tax breaks all the time to companies. How on earth is that a reply to what you are quoting? Learn to quote. Your original statement was a deceiving lie, and I corrected it. The EU did, in fact, not retroactively change a law since that is impossible. At interpretation of a law however, can be changed. The EU has told Ireland that their deal was invalid, and asked the Irish government to still ask Apple for all the money they owe the EU. It is money we -as civilians of the EU government- never received from Apple. As I said in my previous post (you did not address any of what I wrote except went on a completely different tangent): If you play dirty around the rules don't complain when it does not work out. If Apple had simply played according to the rules none of this would've happened. My example of how terrible the US government is was actually one where the US government profits because the US government profits from drugs felons via free labour. I'm not going to get into this holier than thou debate on subsidies since I find it a complex topic to judge on by a case by case scenario. Other than that I'm casually gonna mention the US does this as well (in multiple kinds of ways including for example corn), as well as waging all kind of illegal wars and installing democracies as well as dictatorships to wage illegal wars, as well as economic espionage on their allies (Belgacom hacks come to mind). All of which the EU barely does, if it even does that. Some specific EU countries do, and I'm not happy about that. One of the worst culprits on that, for better or worse, is soon leaving us and in that delight I won't shed a tear. > Can we stop the "sellout" business? Having a clearly stated and one-click reversible whitelist is neither dishonest nor bad for the user. It is dishonest and bad for the general public. Users expect their adblocker to block adds; not block 'some' adds because of Mafia practices, or corruption (ie. advertising companies paying large, inappropriate sums of money to the company behind ABP in order to be whitelisted by default). > I like having the option to support sites I enjoy without massively inconveniencing myself. You can still do this on a case-by-case scenario with uBlock Origin. > You prefer maximum adblocking, and that's fine, but there's nothing at all wrong with giving us both the choice. This is false dichotomy. You have the same very choice with uBlock Origin. And uMatrix for that matter. I'm also not taking away your choice; nothing prevents you from installing and using ABP. What I will not do is stopping calling what ABP does sellout. Because as I argued above it is corruption. On top of that, uBlock Origin is performance-wise better than ABP [1]. [1] https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock#performance Given how little content there is (I'm not saying the game is bad), you can share a dedicated device around a few hours or so, right? If it occurs more often, and is common, then I can see the problem. > (whether or not it is, in fact, legal, under current EU law). It was looked into, for years, by a team of lawyers on behalf of the ECC (as you could read in the other recent article). The article in this HN thread also links to an analysis by US lawyer Richard A. Epstein. Here it is once more [1]. Interestingly, Epstein is a critic of the EC: "My initial judgment—always subject to revision on the strength of additional information—is that the EC was correct in its decision. In making this assessment, I admit that I harbor a deep suspicion of the EC in its multiple roles. In general, there is much to the charge that the EC’s policies are prejudiced against American companies that do business in the EU. But it is one thing to start with a strong presumption, and another to put the pieces together in a prudent fashion." and "At its root, the Apple decision rests on premises far removed from Warren’s progressivism. It makes a classical liberal argument in favor of free trade across national boundaries. Though the EC often acts as a statist institution, it has made a sound economic decision by taking on an American icon that deserves to have its wings clipped." (Note, the article is interesting far beyond what I quote, and I highly recommend reading it, but I have to quote selectively to make my point.) If Apple believes it is unlawful they should argue that , but as the article says they're playing the pity card and resort to other fallacies. If your opponent uses appeal to pity and ad hominem attacks that says enough since that is the two lowest of Graham's hierarchy of disagreement (the disagreement pyramid) [2] [1] http://www.hoover.org/research/europe-gets-apple-right [2] http://www.conceptdraw.com/examples/paul-graham-disagreement... While I believe your contribution is an interesting one I recommend to not assume too much. We got 2 cats from the animal shelter, and they are not very playful (relatively speaking). They're generally afraid, tho much less nowadays. What we do is we feed them manually, once a day, the very same amount (using the same bowl as scoop) in the evening before we go to bed (he's on a diet for FLUTD, and she has to eat the same food so she's slightly obese). This gives us the advantage that the cats are not annoying during night, and if they eat too much they'll have to wait till the evening (which means we either get annoyed during day time, or we don't notice since we're not around). We also give them fresh water at the same time. A major issue is when we're gone for more than a day. But a cat feed machine wouldn't be adequate. Cats need fresh water as well, and enough. Refilling when it is empty isn't enough. Algae are being formed. So this requires manual labour, daily. On a philosophical level: not really. The present, and therefore the future, are in constant motion. History, not so much. When someone (known, in these cases) passes away this is akin to assimilation in biology and it closes a chapter. The final balance is made; credit where credit is due, but also criticism where appropriate. Both is easier because the person is now dead. This develops a momentum of focus from various individuals, both in raw information, and the need to reach consensus. If we were to wait the danger lies in trying to reach that many years later when information, memories, and sources have (partly) faded. Compare that to journalism (news reporting). Those facts are in common flux, and nowadays get journaled in detail which does the very same as death of a (known) human. If you look through the list, a lot of the most edited articles are news. In an encyclopedia! I'd argue news is, in essence, assimilation; Wikipedia even more so. Some things which are in full momentum, like a new startup, are technically news as well. Yet you won't find that on Wikipedia since it isn't part of establishment! It is still too much in motion, but later on you may actually very well see it part of an entry if the startup got bought. Which is, quite obviously, assimilation. Like I said earlier, death is akin to assimilation in biology. Heck, death is the way a human assimilates. What is the Bart problem? > Personal experience is a pretty terrible way to form political opinions ..and the very belief that personal experience is worth more than theory and data. In normal human beings personal experience is related to the amygdala which is related to emotions. We study a great deal in our youth. Sure, we don't all go to uni or college. Do we stop learning after that? Not completely, but we peak at age 35. After that we still get more experienced. Smarter? Generally, not so much. The senior adults and elder are voting based on their experience, and this clouds their judgement. While it is partly by choice (look at how intelligent Noam Chomsky for example still is), it is also inevitable. What we see now is what I suspect the onset of the babyboom generation. Once they've passed away we will see more balance between the two camps. > Age to purchase tobacco and pornography (yes yes, I suspect most people get their porn for free online regardless of age now). You didn't include alcohol which is already at the age of 21 in USA, but not everywhere else in the world (in my country, it is 18). Yet driving, is age 16 in USA, 18 here as well. My point is that the world is bigger than just a few countries, with different age limits. We should attempt to study the pros and cons of each before drawing to conclusions. Also, the fact something (e.g. alcohol) is illegal to purchase doesn't mean it cannot be obtained. With driving a car that is going to be more difficult because the car is licensed to a person, and learning driving via obtaining driver's license is important. On the longer term, driving a car becomes irrelevant though, but I suspect the same is true for tobacco. You also didn't mention that other hot subject, firearms. > This wouldn't make any real difference to politics because young people don't vote. Really? Do you have data to back this up? I know that, from personal experience, I voted as soon as I became 18. > open a bank account I think I was able to open a bank account at age 12. Not that there was a whole lot on it. That's OK, it allows youth to learn how financials work and managing money. What is not OK is allowing youth to get in debt. The only loans a student (read: 18+) is able to get is via the government, for studies, and they gotta be paid back. I don't see a problem with that system, in the sense that is must be abolished. I think it is great to have young people work. It teaches them what they want, and not want to do. It stimulates them to start a study, put their heart and soul in it, and finish it. Because who wants to pluck berries for the rest of their life? Only those who never done it before. > * You could not be tried as an adult in criminal court until age 25. The number of adult violent offenders in prison might decrease as much as 70%. How are you going to hold those of age below 25 accountable? The justice system exists to find balance between 'damage received', and 'damage done'. If those who cause damage are not going to be held accountable in any way then that does not seem justifiable to me. However I would agree that a young person should receive, generally, less penalty than an older one. We got a reasonable system for that already: we punishing recidivists more heavy. My opinion on the whole matter: the term young adult exists for a reason. Part of puberty and being a teen is getting lose from the stigma and lack of responsibilities associated with being a child. We need to let our children taste how it is to be an adult and all of the above are part of exposure. If we treat young adult as if they're children, they are going to remain children and will get a revelation when they reach adult age (in your PoV that should be 25). > I don't have any problem with alcohol and firearm sales being pushed to 25. If you want to shoot earlier then get private land outside a city, join a police department, join the military, or have a parent or guardian as a co-signer. I'm baffled at how at one side you argue the legal age should be raised, while you suggest youth should join the military or the police. Jobs which include firearms, and a high sense of responsibility. At the same time, you want to remove accountability from said youth? If you take away so many responsibilities from youth, why keep police/military around for them? I really don't believe 6% (or, for that matter 9% (50% more)) of eligible voters ages 18-24 in my country vote. Perhaps the problem is local or US specific. Also, we don't know the why. I would like to see the US data cross referenced with data from other countries. I also read that heroin has overtaken gun shootings in cause of dead. Heroin, an illegal drug. We can make services illegal if they require a government license, but goods? Difficult to make illegal. > Separate the 18-24 population into senior juveniles. Too old to be incarcerated with the violent children and too young to be bonded with the career criminals. Violent offenders absolutely should do time, but if they aren't adults should also have the opportunity to expunge their criminal record so as to allow them to obtain real jobs later. An interesting point, but nonetheless if you put criminals together you beget criminals. Instead, all the progressive research I've seen is that investing in people integrating in society has a much lower chance to stop recidivism. Although in the US there's little to no interest in such because the US profits from people incarcerated via cheap/free labour. What? 9%? Check table 1 in your source. "Table 1: Voter Turnout Among Citizens November 2000, 2004, 2008, and 2012 18-29 40% 49% 51% 45% [...]" It was 45% in 2012 for the age of 18-29. Could you quote it then? Cause I can't find it. If you mean table 3, make sure you read the following associated quoted part: "This statistic is affected by two factors: youth turnout and the age structure of the whole population. (Youth share could rise, for example, if turnout remained constant but the population became younger.)" Also, my quoted data is from 18-29, and approx 40-51%. If 18-24 is only 6-9% then the group from 24-29 is either far smaller, or is having some really insane turnout of more than 71%. > I am actually surprised I have never heard of any fatalities. There are loads of toxic flowers, plants, and trees. As for your question. I guess because people generally don't live like Into The Wild [1]. [1] http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0758758/ > Accountability is not an earned quality. Accountability is an appointed quality. By raising the age of adulthood you are deferring the age of accountability (in the realm of individual responsibility) to a later age when the individual is better prepared and perhaps more responsible. Yes, if accountability must be earned we can bind the term adult to someone who finished school system, and who is working. Then we can bind, say, the license to buy alcohol to these factors. If someone loses their job, they lose the ability to buy alcohol. And not merely alcohol. I think we can much further than merely that. The problem is that once we go down the road of it being earned, we are not non-discriminatory enough for that, since we're after all human. My point is that with your system we have people who are almost adult, almost accountable, yet they're 0% of either. Then boom 25 and suddenly they gotta cope with all that because research on the prefrontal cortex. But that is also the time until you can still change things like personality issues. I'd argue it is better to find a middle road. Give young adults trial runs to prove their responsibility, and give them positive feedback while not ignoring the negative. The role is partly given to parents, and parents are already doing this. Why should we move it all completely to 25 y.o.? Isn't the inexperience going to backfire? > As far police and military individual responsibility is less a consideration because you are on a job with extensive training and constant supervision. Additionally, people in these job classes are held to higher legal standards and are punished more harshly for violations of the public trust. I don't believe the chance they get caught is high enough. You say "extensive training and constant supervision" extensive training, yes, I agree; but the same is true for a driver's license. In Germany, a theory part of a drivers license is very, very difficult but the practical part is easy. In The Netherlands, it is the entire opposite. The USA has not been held accountable for war crimes it committed in Vietnam or Iraq (this problem is not limited to the USA though). Police are getting away with racism, or harassment. Again, not only in the USA, all over the world. If I were to need help from the police, I'd rather get an older guy than a young one. Why? He's more experienced. Only if it was computer crime would I not want someone >= 50 age because those people are generally terrible when it comes to anything IT related. There's a reason rookie and junior are called rookie and junior. > I really think this is more a separate conversation OK, fair enough. > Im not from the states either but I assume it's the Bay Area Rapid Transit, or the subway. I see. Since its an acronym and doesn't reference to a person named Bart lets call that the BART problem. > Im assumign the India problem is access point overloading. On WiFi? In large cities the WiFi problem is bigger, but 5 GHz alleviates a lot of the pain if you are stationary. I've been seeing a lot of cheaper phones (even recent) only having 2,4 GHz. My router can only set itself it either 2,4 GHz, or 5 GHz, so having one device which only can do 2,4 GHz is a problem. In large cities, the solution here appears to be more 4G APs. If you're moving, 4G (or WiFi AP in the mobile vehicle using 4G like the trains have here) solves the problem since it supports roaming very well and has a longer range than WiFi. There's also the option of Femtocell. For subway systems, the tunnels are already there (which includes safety exits and such) so building connectivity via Femtocells seems like a logical way to solve the problem. This does have a cost attached to it, and also planning and testing. Is there a series of tests (apart from ping) which Spotify could perform, or libraries they could use, which would give them beyond reasonable doubt an indication there is connectivity? Should the application perform this, or the OS? Data and Goliath - Bruce Schneier (very good, preaching to the choir in my case though) Dune - Frank Herbert (been waiting more than 20 years to read this. If you haven't seen the movie from 2001 highly recommended, else not) The Psychopath Code - Pieter Hintjens (psychology book, highly recommended, allowed me to understand a whole lot more of the "toxicity" in society) Python for Informatics - Charles Severance (too easy for crowd here, and for me, but quite good for newbie programmers. Note: Python 2.x; not 3.x!) Ghost in the Wires - Kevin Mitnick and William L. Simon (good humor, great suspense, likeable main character) Kingpin - Kevin Poulsen (a less likeable main character but nevertheless suspenseful) And a bunch of cookbooks which I won't bother you with, I didn't fully complete any of them either. I'm very happy that all the books I read were a hit, but did not read nearly as many as I wanted to. To restate, I can recommend all of the above. But they're not all new from 2016 (if that was the intention I apologise). > Peter Tompkins -- The Secret Life of Plants (unfinished). I tried but couldn't get past the rampant bad science. I read this book as well when I was younger (in my "new age" period), and I agree with your opinion. > In my world view having a kid is similar to an 18 year prison sentence. Unless something happens to them you have offspring for the rest of your life; not for 18 years. If you're referring to them leaving the house at 18 y.o. The US trend is that 18 y.o. stay living at home. Personally, I expect students to be the exception to that. > it usually manifests in the form of 'what if something goes wrong???' and spirals from there. That is because we compare to the successful rich only, not all those who tried to become rich and utterly failed. This is just masculine vs feminine thinking. Or VC versus slow growth. Or the way we nurture children in the West vs cats, or in Africa. Or quality vs quantity. You never hear about all the times people prayed to $diety and it didn't help. You never hear about all those people who went to Stanford and didn't graduate. You never hear about all those people who made a startup and failed. OK, you do (on the latter, here), but it takes courage, shame, and selfishness. PS: You might wanna use some capital letters at the start of a sentence. > They can make 32GB with current chipsets but chose not to for battery life. This is false dichotomy. There are alternatives, parallel decisions. They could've decided to not sacrifice weight or size for battery power. This'd have made the MBP Pro, not Air like it is now. You used to buy a MBP for several years, so it'd need good battery power. The new MBPs are all less good with battery power, than the 2015 version. They're also so-called "future proof" with USB-C only yet you're gonna need adapters. Furthermore, you can't swap the SSD or the RAM so you're gonna need the amount you plan to use years forward (e.g. 2021). The USB-C move is contradicting to all the other moves. It doesn't add up, and people don't fall for it. That's why there's so much uproar on it. My theory is that Apple wants the MBP to be more like the iPhone/iPod/iPad: disposable hardware you replace every year or so, for professionals who earn a lot of money in the creative industry. Not programmers, not power users, not people who make an investment for several years. @ rayiner, hygiene. That appears to be true. I looked up at Tweakers Pricewatch [1] looking for 32 GB RAM DDR4. I ended up with either 1080p or gaming laptops like Razer Blade Pro or certain MSI. Which aren't meant to be portable in the same sense a normal laptop is (worse than a MBP ever has been). Apple still could've gone different routes here, or provide alternatives. This also doesn't make it a MBP; it makes it (together with the obsession on size and weight) more akin to MBA. It also raises another question. Perhaps, there isn't a good laptop in the market right now which provides a long term usage pattern. [1] https://tweakers.net/categorie/496/laptops/producten/ Plus in The Netherlands has this as well. Same with Albert Heijn [1]. I don't know how it works at AH, but at Plus I do. When you're at the cashier, the cashier takes 2 products out to sample if you scanned them. You can then pass (right now they're lenient with customers forgetting since its still kinda new). With Albert Heijn you can also order online and they'll deliver it (not all areas supported yet), and with Plus you can order online from an app. The disadvantage with not picking your own groceries (as being outlined in the video of this article) is that you can't pick an article which expires later, or looks/smells fresher. You don't get to check if your eggs are all intact. You don't get to check if none of your cookies are broken. Etc. Not saying that always matters, but it can be important. [1] https://www.ah.nl/over-ah/services/zelfscannen Tried for 5 minutes. Couldn't get past the 2nd pipe. With a HQ mouse (Naga). What am I doing wrong? Just bad? Very cool project, I was blown away by this feature. Did stumble upon a bug though. I had three puzzles which I thought were buggy. I forgot the URL and details on the first one (so it may or may not been buggy), and I was flat out wrong about the second one (a bishop was making sure a horse couldn't move which I thought could be used to take the piece supposedly causing checkmate). My third one though is clearly buggy: https://en.lichess.org/training/61461 Its not over when the game says victory. Black has 4 (! EDIT: 3, but still) ways to avoid the checkmate, and Stockfish also suggests these moves. Nevertheless a very nice project, including Stockfish integration. I can't repeat that enough! App of the year for me. I don't like time control, I can't handle the stress behind that. > Absolutely no evidence for your "theory", which is the same old "planned obsolescence" canard we hear over and over about Apple. Always without evidence My current MBP from 2010 shipped with a broken GPU Apple refuses to replace in warranty (even though I bought a 3 year support contract which is pretty much an anti harassment tax). Yeah, premium support right there. The only reason I can use it is because some intelligent and nice people released a piece of open source software (with various 3rd party fixes to make it keep working in later OS X revisions) allowing me to swap to integrated instead of discrete graphics card. > Also, once the market catches up to USB-C, which will take 12-18 months, you'll no longer need those adapters. You do, well maybe you don't. But I would, and many other too. For all the devices you are currently using which you're not replacing with USB-C devices. > Lastly, it's just silly and inaccurate to call the iPhone "disposable", when in fact it leads the industry in terms of how long the product lasts, how long the OS is supported for older hardware, etc. By a wide margin. Well, you need to upgrade to the latest iOS or you can forget about security fixes. According to reports this leads to a lot less uptime and/or a slower device. So its far less rose tinted than you claim. Besides, the iPhone 4 doesn't get software updates anymore. On top of that, yes an iPhone is disposable from a hardware PoV as well. You can't upgrade any of the hardware, replacing the screen costs (in my country) 150+ EUR, you can't replace the battery (even though you are recharging daily which means after 3 years the battery is ripe for replacement). By contrast, my phone is getting security backports to its older Android version (5.1.x). I can replace the battery and screen myself without a problem. > so just do nothing with your life? never try anything? That's not the point. The point is that many fail, the success / failure ratio is low. Period. No need to be judgmental past that. Or resort to namecalling. If you think someone is trolling. Don't reply. Ignore them. Heck, report them. > Sorry, but you're wrong about iOS not supporting security fixes, and you're having to create an artificial situation to justify your argument: the situation where a user doesn't stay updated to the latest iOS, when in fact, the user has every motivation to do so. Read, comprehend, and then post. I said the current iOS version. The latest iOS versions vastly decrease the performance, especially on the older iPhones. So the user has a choice: * No security updates. * The latest and the greatest with decreased performance. Have fun with your insecure or slow iPhone. (The same applies for iPad.) > Meanwhile, in your Android world, there are basically NO devices that are able to stay fully up-to-date with current Android for more than about 12-18 months. Yes, with security updates, there are and its improving as well. Any Google Pixel. The Fairphone 2. Samsung Galaxy S series. And many others. You carefully worded "stay fully up-to-date with current Android"; that is irrelevant. I don't give a shit about this hipster hype of needing the latest features. All I want is a phone which keeps working, and remains secure. > iPhones are just as easy to replace the battery and screen in as any modern Android device; in addition, Apple provides screen and battery replacements. Like I said, with my phone I just replace the screen or battery myself. Without even needing a (special) screwdriver. Repairing iPhone screen is very expensive. I see youth all the time running around with their broken iPhone screens. I've never heard of someone going to an Apple store to replace their battery? I have zero interest in Apple's locked down iDevices, and I want the MBP to stay away from that world. Unfortunately for me (and the many others who agree) it is exactly where macOS and the Macbooks are heading towards. > Did I mention that Apple's warranty and warranty support are also vastly superior? Because they are. Especially with AppleCare, but even without. AppleCare = anti harassment tax. Completely pointless. You have the same rights already from EU law, but you may have to enforce them via a lawsuit if they don't oblige. Besides that, I had AppleCare with my MBP 2010 and they claim that their design flaw didn't fall under it. Fool me once, ... Signal can use Cloudflare as well (the article I read first spoke of Cloudflare, not Google, but it wasn't in English). Blocking Cloudflare is going to break half the internet. > That's hilarious. That device was just released. Pixel/Nexus then. The reason Pixel is valid is because Google has been giving these devices (since you're not very good at reading: 'these devices' refers to 'Pixel/Nexus') good support for a long time. > You're also wrong about "vastly decreased" performance. I am not; it is widely documented. > Apple is kicking Android's ass in this department, that's universally understood. Did you read what I wrote? Did you comprehend? I haven't been comparing to all Android devices. I never did, never have, in none of my posts. Why would I? I know there are Android vendors who deliver shit support. What I am not saying is that all Android vendors do this. Motorola, for example, when still part of Google delivered good support, and all the examples I previously gave also still count. > Another distorted lie-response to a claim I didn't make; I didn't say "with security updates". I said full compatibility with the fully-updated software. Yes, I know you didn't claim that because you're unable to see I am the one who claimed that because your claim was, well, I'll be friendly: "inaccurate". I don't want full software support, I don't give a shit about full software support. I want security and reliability fixes, and, quite frankly it should fall under warranty. Nobody tosses their fridge, car, oven, PC after 2 or 3 years yet in handheld (smartphone/tablet) market this is somewhat normal. We agree there is a problem here, and on average compared to Android, yes Apple does better. At a premium price though. > Apple is able to push out vital security updates WITHOUT doing a full software update Yeah, with magic fairy tale patches. Get real. I don't have proof? All the vulnerabilities found and patched lately (good part of 2015, and all of 2016) in iOS 10 are not available in iOS 8: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS_8 Nevermind iOS 7 and lower. Even iOS 9 seems not so good supported anymore: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IOS_9 "Support status Third-party application support only" Great that means my mother's iPad from 2012 isn't supported anymore. Yeah, great software support... > Yes, your bias is evident Pot, meet kettle. > Tragically what you're missing here is that locked-down nature also makes the devices secure. My Android phone is not rooted, and I'm talking about locked down in the sense that I am not able to replace the hardware. In the sense that I'm more or less leasing the device since I am not allowed or easily able to get root if I desire. In the sense that an American company is putting their values on me as an European which means: violence is good, sex is bad. Fuck those values, I decide what is good and bad for me, my wife, and my children. I'd also argue that every phone is fundamentally insecure to nation states if the attacker has physical access. > You probably have no clue what it actually costs. I do, I bought an iPhone SE for my mother and had the shop install a screen protector for her. While they were attaching it, I informed how much it'd cost to repair. Like I said, 160 EUR at minimum. Nice way of quoting specifically, ignoring the arguments your discussion partner made. I made the point regarding corruption from the company behind ABP. The sums they receive to put companies on white list, are inappropriate. They've also added harmful companies/providers to their white list. Sorry, I can't take that product serious. > I specifically said without inconveniencing myself. You said you wanted to support your fav site. That is not hard to do with uBlock Origin. You are actually supporting most sites. You also make it seem like the ABP whitelist isn't inconveniencing. It is; see above. Yes, indeed. Dune. Lets talk about the why . Its much more than an average fantasy because it contains a lot of angles. It is full with psychology, politics, and sociology. Specifically, it touches on subjects like discrimination & racism, oppression/tyranny, managing, infiltrating, warfare, and various eastern philosophies (since the Atreides are forced to suffer). Did I forget anything? Please, do improve my answer! :) The correct answer really depends on what you're into, and what kind of person you are. There are a lot of subcategories in fiction (just like there are in non-fiction). Lord of the Rings is much more than mere fiction. It is possibly interesting from a linguistic PoV as it contains an entirely new language called Quenya developed by Tolkien. It also contains a lot of subjects which are relevant IRL. Without getting further into LOTR I agreed with another poster on Dune and attempted to explain the subjects it touches in another reply to your post. Problem with both of these (as well as say GoT) is there are movies made of them. You might also be interested in stories which are based on non-fiction, but are written in a story telling kind of way, greatly adding to suspense. In that category I read the books Ghost in the Wires by Kevin Mitnick and Kingpin by Kevin Poulsen [1]. If you're interested in following a suspenseful hacker story I can recommend them both. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13240924 > It seems an attacker with physical access still requires your password to unlock the disk. At that point, they'd need the Yubikey to login (assuming they haven't already decrypted the disk and taken your data). Its just PAM (pam_yubikey to be precise). If they have physical access they can edit the requirement for Yubikey in PAM. If there's FDE (FileVault) then I don't know. But I do know the PAM configuration must be read, and is therefore in r/w. It isn't in some kind of security enclave. Didn't Microsoft want to buy this company in the past? I can highly recommend this course, Learning How To Learn [1]. Among things it explains how memory works, how to avoid procrastination [2], and how to use several tools at your disposal in order to improve your memory. It is free, btw. [1] https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn [2] https://alexvermeer.com/getmotivated/ I was using $OLDPWD and your solution is much shorter, cheers. Both also work in my shell, Fish. Perhaps obvious, but it is also possible to use cd - twice to get back to orig. Sorry for not bothering to find a source on it in my orig post. Here it is [1]. [1] http://news.softpedia.com/news/Microsoft-Wants-to-Buy-Custom... I'll take your word on that one. I've been more of a movie/docu person, and have seen a movie based on that story, Argo [1]. The movie was good. Non-fictional, based on the real story, slightly romanticized/more suspenseful. While I'm trying to steer more towards reading books I made the rule to not watch a book of a movie I've seen. It just doesn't work very well for me (other way around seems fine). So yeah, the movie spoiled it for me... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argo_(2012_film) pmset -g batt Bonus points: easy to add in tmux-powerline running fullscreen in iTerm2 > The issue with the Snowden revelations and similiar programs is that there is no warrant or court process. For Americans, yes, or rather that the NSA meddles with internal US affairs at all. For the rest of the world, the issue is of privacy, economic espionage, and having no way to vote in the US to get rid of this practice. Apart from Merkel. She only cared her personal phone was tapped. Which is exactly what I expect the NSA to do: target specific high priority targets. Including heads of nation states. But, economic espionage and mass surveillance? No. > They can't compel you to provide information from your mind, such as the passphrase to a phone. In the UK, they can [1] [1] https://falkvinge.net/2012/07/12/in-the-uk-you-will-go-to-ja... This is inaccurate. My country (The Netherlands) officially has no nukes. It is a public secret Volkel airbase near Eindhoven hosts USAF nukes though. Diplomatic cable leaks, as well as a statement by former prime minister Ruud Lubbers in 2013 both confirm there are nukes hosted [1]. Yet in statistics like in this article -among other- the above doesn't count. Not even mentioned. Which leads me to wonder how inaccurate the rest is. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkel_Air_Base > Why is information from your mind, like your phone passphrase, significantly different from other information to your mind, like the location of a physical key? In the USA because of the Fifth Amendment which protects individuals from being forced to incriminate themselves. [1] Other (civilised) countries have similar laws. Which makes something like the UK law which forces an individual to reveal their private key, at conflict. Specifically about my own country, The Netherlands recently adopted a revision of the computer criminality law (it being v3 of it). It is called the 'hack back law' because one major part of it is it allows the police to hack suspects. That's not all it is about though. Of note, the part scrapped was the one about a suspect being forced to hand over their private key. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fifth_Amendment_to_the_United_... Yes, I was wrong, and I concur. I have since my post completed puzzles which do not have the goal to reach checkmate. For example, I had the goal of 'deflecting' an attack where I was in severe disadvantage. Its refreshing to have different goals, and forces the player to think outside of the box for such a goal thereby increasing the difficulty. FWIW, I do not agree is (always) more powerful than a knight, but generally they are (while a queen is more powerful than a rook or bishop which is almost always better, a knight has a unique utility). > Incidentally, criticizing ads isn't a criticism of capitalism: capitalism could exist just fine without ads, and in fact I think removing ads would make capitalism drastically more likely to yield the positive results capitalism purportedly yields. Indeed. Ask yourself the following question: say a user is not interested in advertisements. Is it therefore not a waste of the advertiser's time and/or money to force the ads upon this user? (I'm not OP) Experienced the same. I never got into this via IRC. My main thing was music genres, but also on the side quite some non-fiction(documentaries), and a few fiction. I met some awesome people on Soulseek and went from there into DCPP and FTP. This was around 2007-9. DCPP being the frontend for the users. It was a gentlemen's club and from there you just meet different people who see your collection and who invite you into different circles. Back then, there was an auto trader app written in Java, using self signed SSL certificates (w/o pinning). I never understood why they didn't just use rsync over SSH, but it takes more than 1 person to change such habits. Ironically, you're allowed to make a copy for yourself if you rent. English, like many other European languages such as German, has many loanwords from French, Latin, Greek, and probably even more. It makes sense Esperanto, an evolution on [in this case the commonly used world-languages English & Spanish] contains loanwords from those languages, perhaps even on top of French/Latin/Greek/... > But you have to delete the copy when you give the original back so what's the advantage? You do in the USA? Why? AFAIK, not in The Netherlands. The copy was made from a legal source and in a legal way, and is therefore legal regardless if you do or do not possess the original copy. No, it is meant for those who can deduct the tax (e.g. self employed). > Presumably it A) benefits the worker, since they make extra if they provide good service, B) benefits the employer, because the worker is motivated to provide good service, and C) the service level is highly visible to the customer, who they interact closely with. I tip my hair cutter, but not my car mechanic, mostly due to C, I guess. Interesting you should mention. I've seen evidence where this was tested in a local consumer right program. Someone would disconnect their spark plug, and then act as if they're an innocent driver who's car is broken. Or a piece of rubber of 1) Put the speech to text. 2) Put the text to speech. 3) Send the data over Tor. Although #3 would use a Tor exit node and would allow packet sniffing/logging/mangling etc, it'd at least be more anonymous. Thing is, this is in nobody's interest. Not in the police or Amazon's interest. For the owner, it'd depend on if they are the defendant/suspect or the victim. The victim is not always the person who owns the Amazon Echo. But an Amazon Echo is a nice point of defense because the proof cannot be deleted anymore. All one has to say during a robbery is "Alexa, call the cops". That's quicker than having to dial the number. And at any point, if you do say Alexa, you can also trigger a warning or proof. Ultimately, if you could change the keyword to something more generic you could trigger it without a robber noticing, or by tricking them. A keyword like "put your hands up"? I don't know. > Vienna had clean trains with a smooth ride. [...] Same regarding the trains in The Netherlands and Germany. They get cleaned when they arrive at their destination and this is calculated in the downtime. > You want to be running the "guest" since that's where all your work is (just having access to the disk isn't really enough, you want to run your apps/settings/etc). I think we may see a move towards docks with graphics cards, but the CPU and RAM probably want to stay on the guest computer. Like the Razer Core, with USB-C. Yep, I can see this happening, but also remote gaming where you rent the workstation and just get a thin client which only has to be able to download and see the 'movie'. Gaming-wise, I can also see use cases where you want to get additional CPU power. > I had a lot of success switching a cat to a wet diet. It cleared up many health issues for her. Dry food is their junk food. Her is the keyword here. Castrated male cats (cats are almost always castrated here) generally get FLUTD. We got a special diet for him. And we CBA with separating them for food. That's just not practical. So, she'll also eat his diet food. We occasionally give them some different food like our leftover herring. But that is very salty for them. Its a treat, but not healthy. I prefer to drop the food in their bowl instead of on the ground. Less messy. > Yeah, I was thinking of my Surface Book (with the graphics card in the base). Excellent example. In theory it could also work with devices like the newest MBPs. > I suspect the inherent latency will always argue against remote gaming - especially for the kind of games where you most want extra computing power. Not necessarily. FPS and perhaps LoL, sure. RPG such as WoW, not really. Not sure about AR/VR. If one doesn't have/want a PC workstation with a strong graphics card, and one does have a laptop, why not just a Razer Core or akin device? Until we can just have those in the device itself. But that is gonna take a while! This is written in a DragonFlyBSD context, and I don't think there's Wayland for *BSD (I could be wrong). Also, how does this setup compare with Subgraph OS which uses Xpra? There are better alternatives: Containers. Run your browser in a container. There are some excellent videos explaining how this works on YouTube. VMs. Like Qubes OS. You run your browser in a separate VM as your other applications. This picture explains it rather well: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qubes_OS#/media/File:Qubes_sec... Starting a database with personal information on a large amount of personae. Without them knowing about it. Refusing to share the gathered information. All of this is legal in the US? In the EU??? You're forgetting all the biases (& fallacies) which may or may not have affected the experience or the memory leading to the anecdote. These biases (& fallacies) are detectable or the lack of them is verifiable, with the scientific method. I'm not denying an anecdote is not valuable to the individual. It is, for the individual who made the anecdote; not the rest of us, not the readers. I'm also will admit I, too, use anecdotal evidence. But that does not mean one has strong evidence when they do; they don't, and neither do I. > If we instead go with "almost all would benefit" then the anecdote is pretty good evidence against it. No, one anecdote is not pretty good [scientific] evidence against anything. I can give you an anecdote about how I drove through red lights multiple times. That does not mean you should follow the example. Why not? You have no idea about the circumstances. I was actually talking about driving a bike, I was a teenager, and there was barely (if any) traffic. There's pro and cons there, but what matters is I omitted the details. Hence, YMMV. Plus, the statistical evidence is too small (sample size is one). Good luck reproducing the outcome, too. Its the same in our runner's example. There's simply hardly any -if any- evidence presented to even make the anecdotal claim. Which still lacks any statistical evidence. What anecdotal evidence can lead to is scientific research. But we should not conclude on the outcome yet. We must keep an open mind, accept on a method and test circumstances, and gain statistical relevance. It is absolutely mind blowing, btw, how much 'scientific' research these days is not statistical relevant yet gets passed good grades (and yields the paper) at say college & universities. I'm not sure if its incompetence or laziness or lack of time or lack of money. I've even witnessed this first hand recently when my significant other was completing an assignment for her higher education degree which I was reviewing. Four interviews lead to a conclusion. Which, yes, is anecdotal ;) So without mentioning running, exercise, and yoga and discrediting the change of 2015 (using small brushes to clean between the teeth so I don't have to see the dental hygienist every year) my next step (after very recently having my last wisdom tooth finally extracted, and an infection under a molar cleaned) made in 2016 is to brush my teeth 2 times a day. Including in the morning, when I'm a stressed zombie. I've been bloody stubborn/lazy on this throughout my youth and it is finally time to treat my dental hygiene like an adult should. > In addition, you may be able to access your spiritual dimension Spiritual dimension is just vague new age rhetoric. I don't want to be fear mongering but you may end up with a psychosis as well. Recommending random strangers to use recreational psychedelic drugs under the guise of getting "similar mid- and long-term effects to those of meditation" is flat out irresponsible. For those who are interested in using psychedelic drugs. First of all, never use a full dose the first time you use it. Second, get a sitter aka babysitter. That means someone who does not use any drugs (that means nothing in the sense that the sitter(s) need to stay awake during your drugs usage, and worst case the sitter(s) should still be able to drive you to the hospital if its needed). Consider to inform your doctor and discuss with them the alternatives. Instead of LSD and other psychedelic drugs I want to offer an alternative. If you want something akin to mindful meditation: do it more, or follow a 10 day Vipassana course. > Certain "edge cases"/people should not try it. This disclaimer is too vague. Some people don't know they are, or are young and will do it anyway because young people's brains (age If you're into mindful meditation and want to take it much further, follow a 10 day Vipassana course instead. You will get guidance from the people there, and if you really get over the edge during your 10 day course (you're likely to experience difficult times regardless), you'll at least not be under the influence of drugs and will be surrounded by specialists who are sober. Also, a mindfulness instructor (such a course might be worth paying for) has followed a 10 day Vipassana course as its part of the requirement to become one. Finally, I can highly recommend yoga together with meditation. (Without any spiritual BS, as that is unnecessary/distracting and excludes those with different religions including atheism. A good yoga or mindfulness instructor will include everyone, and avoid using such rhetoric.) TL;DR do mindfulness, yoga, Vipassana don't do psychedelic drugs. > Another concern would be that Apple is likely to deactivate an ID used to send this kind of malicious spam at any sort of scale. Apple IDs can be easily remade. ProductIDs can be faked on a Hackintosh. > On the other hand, I don't see why so many people think that battery life is so important. Pretty simple: 1) Not everyone wants to constantly [think about] having to recharge their mobile device, or having it constantly connected. If you go hiking for a few days, you still want to be able to call 911. 2) Applications become heavier and heavier (yay all the ads, embedded browser, 3D stuff, cloud, crypto, etc). If you're on a plane and say play a game because you're bored you may end up easily using for example 40% of your total battery power. 3) The more you need to charge the phone, the quicker the battery degrades (LiOn generally keep working for 1000 recharges). Over their lifetime (that's roughly 3 years of daily recharging) the battery will degrade to less juice within a full cycle [1]. 4) Batteries are not user replaceable anymore, so require a third party to perform the swap, at premium price and without full control of the user. 5) There's enough waste as it is, and having to swap phone every 2 years or so creates even more. 6) It also is quite a task deciding which phone to buy, and if you made a mistake or don't have that much money to burn you may end up with a phone not so well supported. 7) Finally, one has to swap their settings and data to their new phone. Sure, you can use clouds. They're free at the cost of your privacy... A powerbank mitigates some of the above problems, but only so much, and they also suffer from degrading performance by age. [1] Anecdotal example: my MBP 2010's battery had 740 cycles and is at ~88% capacity when fully charged. What is the advantage of those solutions over pam_google_authenticator? Glad TOTP refresh every 30 seconds, and are generally valid for at least 1 minute. One second less wouldn't make a large difference. Glad TOTP refresh every 30 seconds, and are generally valid for at least 1 minute. One second less wouldn't make a large difference. Nevermind a game is quicker to download than install and complete the first level. Games get pirated and then not played. Heck, I got an entire Steam library of unplayed games. >> It however requires one to literally read/understand/know everything about the substance before applying it > If you follow this, you will know if you belong to the category of people who should not use the substance to discover more of what we perceive as reality. It seems obvious to me that a comment on HN will never be able to fully cover the subject. Yes, I saw that disclaimer as well. Do you want me to address it? Your usage of "literally read/understand/know everything about the substance" fits CYA due to being extensively broad. Nobody in the world ever read/understand/know everything about any subject. Even those who maintain Erowid, studied psychology in university, or Albert Hofmann for that matter know everything about LSD. Those who know very little are arrogant about their knowledge whereas those who do know a lot are modest and acknowledge there's so much they do not know. It is also not how drug usage should work. If you get drugs prescribed from your MD you need to follow his directions as well as the directions from the drugs. You're basically under his supervision and guidance, he's partly responsible for your well being. The best you have as recreational user is your own knowledge (while your psyche is impacted by the drugs), and hopefully a knowledgeable, emotionally stable sitter. Please, don't recommend psychedelic drugs (or even drugs) to random strangers [1]. You may think they are intelligent and responsible, but many just aren't. Recommend it only to those people you know very well, and follow the advice I told you about not using full dose first time as well as sitter. The options of more mindfulness, yoga, and Vipassana 10 day course are much less dangerous. (Even those can be dangerous though which is why I follow yoga via an experienced yoga instructor who is finishing their physiology study, instead of following online free YouTube videos.) [1] And especially not while using a good introduction, with sources, about the benefits of mindfulness & meditation while not providing any for psychedelic drug usage while suggesting it as the next step of mindfulness & meditation. Interesting but isn't the data already received in plaintext at that point? In Berlin, sure. The elder may not be able to understand your English. Some rules of thumb: 1) The younger, the more likely to be able to speak English. 2) Rural area less likely to speak English (well) compared to big cities and tourist areas. 3) In IT/tech world in Germany you should have far less problems than say farmers. I'd say those count in general though :) if you go to Amsterdam people are much more likely to speak English than a local, small Dutch town foreigners generally haven't heard about. And, English is very practical in our globalised world. Make no mistake about German though; it is also a practical language in Europe. > Only because you choose to define it that way. In reality, people have spiritual health that is just as important as mental health. There doesn't need to have any mysticism attached, just the recognition that religion and other practices give people senses of belonging and purpose, and those drives are important to ones overall health. There is mental health, and physical health. There's no such concept as spiritual health because there's no scientifically proven concept of spirit. "Spiritual health" or "religious health" or whatever you want to call it is just some new age word for mental and/or physical health. But since the concept of spirit or spiritually is pseudo science at best, it is a worthless concept and therefore completely irrelevant unless you want to discuss it with those who believe in it. The keyword here is believe . I am an atheist, I can't prove God does not exist but I find it highly unlikely. So I am going to take it for granted there is no God. The same with "spirituality" and everything "spiritual". > Well those are strong words, would you like to source that claim? IIRC the rates of psychosis among psychedelic users and the normal population is equivalent, meaning psychedelics absolutely do not cause psychosis. Those are not at all strong words. All one has to do is read the dozens and dozens of trip reports on e.g. Erowid. I know from anecdotal experience that it is possible to even OD on cannabis which can trigger a psychosis (albeit relatively mild). Heck, a trip is akin to a psychosis; just a 'positive' one. Bad trips happen. The reason mushrooms are illegal in my country (NL) is because of a young French tourist committing suicide on mushrooms. I also know of two separate stories from people I know who have jumped off a high building whole on LSD. Finally, I'm aware of research being done on cannabis which was triggering a schizophrenic episode quicker with those prone to schizophrenia. Not everyone knows they're prone to that; nobody in my direct family suffers from schizophrenia, for example, but elsewhere in the family tree? Yup. Research like this is all around on the Internet. There's also research conducted in using psychedelic drugs to cure issues such as depression. However, those are administered under doctor supervision. > Also noteworthy is the fact that meditation can trigger latent psychoses just the same as any drug or stressor would - so in both cases, exploring ones consciousness can be a dangerous pursuit best done working with experienced guides. Sure, there is some chance, but there's also the chance a psychosis occurs from stress (which I know first hand). I really doubt the chance of the above occurring during meditation is the same as during a full dose of mushrooms or LSD. I can imagine the chance is higher when you follow a Vipassana course for 10 days because it is more intense, but that is one of the reasons its guided. > I would think that signing is a good method to curate and moderate a distributed solution. Looking at debian repositories, they are both trusted, distributed and failure resistant. BitTorrent uses cryptography to ensure file integrity. DCPP does too. Even FXP did (although only CRC32 this was reasonable back then). Debian repositories don't compare to the illegal distribution of quality audio (and video) because Debian repositories are legal to host/spread. Because of this reason they're widely available and therefore the supply meets the demand. Unlike with illegal distribution of quality audio (and video). The comparison with Library of Alexandria goes moot. During the burning of the Library of Alexandria many works got lost forever. Thanks to the invention of printing in the 15th century this is already more unlikely to happen. Nevermind storage on computers which has seen tremendous progress. One also needs to keep in mind that all the copies people had from the content on What.CD still exists. So it is more akin to a Library of Alexandria being burned down while all the copies are still spread (multiple times!) among large groups of individuals around the globe. I don't think many people on Earth would be able to figure out where those copies are, except maybe the NSA or GCHQ. But it'd cost them a lot of effort which isn't worth the hassle, besides being outside their scope of interest. This is not to say we're there yet, just that its less dramatic than it seems. The burning of the Library (What.CD) is substantial because it was a meeting place for those interested in the data, akin to the shutting down of Silk Road or Timothy Leary getting busted. However one lost battle doesn't mean the war is lost. Its still important to improve distribution of data, allow anonymity on the Internet, or the combination of both. Switzerland. High living standard and good wage, multiple languages to speak (German, French, Italian, and English), neutral in the world (so I don't have to bother with wars children disguised as adults are organising), great public transport. Beautiful landscape, I'm very fond of mountains, YMMV (yes, I've been in SV/SF, also very nice). Alas, my parents weren't Swiss, but they were from a reasonably liberal (in the sense of 'liberty') country which has a quite a bunch of the elements Switzerland has so I could've roll'ed it far less fortunate. Only downside for Switzerland is the weather, but its a double edged sword. Sure, its generally cold. If you just work out regularly its not that bad. The air however is crystal clear which is an advantage for me given I'm a former smoker and have COPD and asthma in my close family. Just wanted to chime in (replying to GP as well), if you don't speak Dutch, you can still visit Amsterdam or even work there. Especially if you work in IT. The Dutch generally speak English very well, especially in the bigger cities. Living in Amsterdam is expensive, and its a city (not my preference). I live in Amsterdam Area instead; much less crowded, and also cheaper to live (although either way difficult to get an apartment). That is a downside. Amsterdam expensive? Depends, apartments are expensive (but not as expensive as SF). The tourist area (center), sure, it is expensive. If you want cheap food and don't mind making your own, go to a Turkish grocery store. You can get tons of vegetables very cheap. PS: Food-wide, there are many local shops of high quality depending on your preferences. I can highly recommend Maoz falafel although there are also less well known shops selling good falafel. The salad bar has unlimited refills. Although the stores are so crowded/popular I never end up going to refill more than once. > You could have a hardened gateway server with read-only storage and that only temporarily stores messages in memory. Yeah, well, who is your adversary? I assume NSA and GCHQ by default just log all SMTP traffic. Especially the ones to services like these. If your adversary is someone sniffing your unencrypted WiFi connection, they'll have your unencrypted e-mail like this one as well. If your adversary is network and sysadmins who run your SMTP server then all bets are off. I think the danger lies, just like within Tor, that there's a mole in such a team who does harm while being undetected. If you're protecting against the local authorities ensuring to get a remote, secure connection with a country who isn't playing along with your local authorities is key. Which is why Putin wants Russians to use local services. > He doesn't even correctly identify what weasel words are. ("Some people say", "It is believed", etc). Agreed, the scripts can use improvements like these. Its a start. I'd also add 'but' if its not there yet. Its function is to negate everything written before it which easily leads to fallacies. > I'm not sure why 'very close match' is any more opinionated than 'close match' is. Because 'close' in 'close match' is informative. Without 'close' you get 'match'. So close tells us about the state of the match. Very is redundant at best. Very is also emotional, its function is to (consciously or not) attempt to induce an emotional response in the reader; ie. to manipulate the reader. You want to avoid all of the above in a scientific paper. Its important to note that we can reach for perfection whilst writing. Because such a goal is far fetched it makes more sense to improve ourselves via iterations. (Same with these scripts, or software development in general.) I would assume the balance is less ideal than US. Then again people from US compare to EU while in EU you get pension, insurance, and generally a social system to protect the weak (which might be you one day). Quite frankly I wouldn't mind not having much money to live on. My living standard doesn't evolve around e.g. eating out. I want my own apartment (for two), a cheap car, a good laptop, a reasonable good smartphone, and some interior stuff (the usual plus some expensive kitchen equipment as outlier). That's pretty much it. You don't need a high income for all of that. The only expensive one is the car and that's something you save up for (long term investment). Health is the most important to me; from which everything sprouts. I've been in Switzerland a couple of times. The air in Switzerland is night and day compared to where I live (NL), and I don't even live in a big city. If enough IT people move to Switzerland (I know some known figures who have) something nice can brew there. For example, Google has a lab there. Even if you can't get an IT job there's non IT jobs available, including low wage / low education. Perhaps Norway is a better country in that regard. Postal service delivery, for example, earns a lot compared to NL. The weather is Scandinavian, but due to the Mexican Gulf temperature near coast is higher than Sweden and Finland (this also keeps fishing trade alive in winter). Relatively clean air, and they're also neutral (tho less than Switzerland). Obviously it'd be a backup plan. I don't think you can get a visa for that anyway. Another option could be remote work. I'm basically never bored alone, I prefer to be alone, and I can spend nearly 24/7 alone (although part of that time communicating via the Internet). The social interactions at work and with family is more than enough for me. I don't need to go 'go out', 'date', 'visit clubs', or 'see the world'. I've been there, done that. I want to settle at a place. Obviously YMMV. With the coming of VR I expect we're going to see more commonly people who barely if ever go on vacation but go on vacation via VR. You can see the Eiffel Tower on pictures right now. What if you could experience it with VR? Although even that I CBA with. If you want to live in a city with a good night life there's tons of options available, I got quite some good experiences here and there (Berlin, for example, I found far more amazing and friendlier than Amsterdam while I'm in Amsterdam in 30 min) it just depends on your personal interests tho. Don't think ever was much at that side of SV to begin with. People who work in tech and live in SC just travel to SV. From what I remember its a ~1 hour drive from SC to SFO airport or SJ. Quite doable if you love living in SC. > Immigration isn't that great in switzerland. It takes even longer than the USA to get citizenship. I assumed we were talking about a hypothetical situation because for one reason or another in our current situation we can't fulfil that dream. Is it that difficult to get a H1B visa in Switzerland? > A high income is also good for saving [...] Yes, but some rather costly business like chemo therapy is in the default insurance in NL. So you will always have it. Besides, if you got too much money, you end up paying more tax. So people end up saving, but also spending, and if they don't they gotta pay more tax. All of which is good for the economy. One other thing I like about Switzerland is the direct democracy approach. Although I think it also works so well because its a small country, we got a non binding referendum, and its barely ever used because it requires a petition. Last time it was used was Dutch Ukraine–European Union Association Agreement referendum, 2016 [1]. Note, I voted 'for', but that doesn't mean I want the government or EU to ignore the vote. Which is what pretty much happened recently in action (not in words although those words, too, weren't binding). [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutch_Ukraine%E2%80%93European... All this from one of the largest tax evaders in the world. Is this $100 per extension or $100 per developer? If the latter, make a non profit organisation as 3rd party who pays the fee and allow others to join it for free. > Prior to Apple's entry, how many people were saying what they wanted in a smartphone was to remove all those buttons? Except 1) Apple weren't the first innovating in that regard. I don't know who was, I just do know Nokia was experimenting with Nokia 770 and Nokia N800 in 2005-2006. True, they weren't smartphones, but they were going in the right direction. Without many buttons. The Nokia N810 had a keyboard, and that was less well received than its N800 keyboardless counterpart. 2) Apple didn't remove all buttons from the iPhone (power, volume keys were still there). The two important changes were: A) Removal of the physical keyboard, replaced by a (by then) well working OSD. Working with a capacitive screen. B) They made 1 main button. > but Mission Control forces me to walk through each space, insisting on animating the sequence and taking it's time to swap in the applications as I go along. Alfred. Alt+Space by default (note you can also remove keybinds of Spotlight to make room for Alfred because I use Cmd+Space for Alfred and Alt+Space for iTerm2 fullscreen, running tmux via tmuxp). EDIT: As joobus wrote above, I also recommend Amethyst. There's a small learning curve with the keybinds but that's it. Oh, I and I recommend Flux (remember you can temporarily put it off). > Until recently, a Hackintosh was a time-consuming way of producing a somewhat worse Mac. Oh? What has changed? > This level of risk is fun but not for the faint of heart. Read: as soon as a new patch comes out for macOS you are either running around with known security vulnerabilities (as well as missing reliability fixes), or you're a guinea pig entirely unsure if it breaks anything and if so how much effort it is going to take to get the patch applied. Why? Mainly due to drivers. Besides, good luck finding a well working laptop with good macOS support. I gave up and bought a MBP 2015 instead. Very nice machine. Expensive, but nice. For a workstation or MP replacement it'd make more sense. The MP hasn't been updated for 4 years and with physical access to the quick machine its easier to fix issues. You're also guaranteed not on the go, so you got all the tools you need at your disposal. However there is still a risk for loss of productivity and worst of all you can't plan it. Because you don't know when Apple does release their software updates. > How about advertising for candy crush soda saga/minecraft, right on my start menu. Try Classic Shell [1] [1] http://classicshell.net/ > you can switch back to default F1... keys Why not just set Caps Lock to Esc? Works well with Vim and you don't wanna use Caps Lock anyway. I use Karabiner Elements to set it that way. Karabiner doesn't work with Sierra. > The problem is you need to get people to actually follow it and in california for some reason no one does. This problem isn't specific to this law. There are many laws which aren't being enforced, but do exist. I'm from NL, and we're known for using bicycles a lot, and this is true. Yet bicyclers don't use their hand to show the way they go, they drive through red light, drive without light, and drive on the wrong side of the road all the time. And they get away with it because the cops aren't enforcing the rules . > It's a completely fair law; it's easy to follow, and it benefits everyone. blocking intersections DOES CAUSE GRIDLOCK. IF YOU STOP BLOCKING INTERSECTIONS, GRIDLOCK WILL GO AWAY. Get this through your head! Another reason it isn't working is due to selfishness plus ignorance. Inform drivers. Heck, teach it during driver license exams. So, 1) Inform the users (in this case the general public). 2) Enforce the rules. I would like to add laws need to be simple to explain, but I'm not so sure on how to describe that point. According to this guide, yes. https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/5l3y0a/egpu_my_exper... > Blackberry was the leader of the smartphone Leader where? Blackberry was never the marketleader world-wide. That was Nokia, and OS-wise it was Symbian until ~2010 when iOS and Android took off. Nokia was never very popular in US though. > and the keyboard was his best loved feature. Sure. Because on screen keyboards were still using resistive touchscreen with pens. Which is a terrible user experience. Apple used capacitive touchscreen instead, and even though the resolution was low, it worked. Nokia didn't invest enough in Maemo, and didn't want to adopt Android either. When they finally did go with Maemo, Elop came with plan A. Look at the user experience of Sailfish. That could've easily been Nokia in ~2014... This is why you want capability-based security. If there's loads of speakers which are freely used by applications (lacking capability-based security), you can just use capability-based security on the microphones. That'd only work if you can control the devices though; so only on your own home. On Android you can check which applications want access to microphone since 5.0 or 5.1 and the capability-based design during runtime works since 6.0. On macOS, it also works, and there's Micro Snitch which notifies the user when the microphone is active. Its from the same makers as Little Snitch. Its pretty basic; e.g. if you use Siri the log won't really tell much about which applications did use it. Adblocking in 2016: using a HTTP firewall, blocking all HTTP requests by default. > There is definateky value provided in exchange for rent. Rent is paying to stay in someone elses building or what not, not just the land. you are essentially paying the landlord instead of building your own home. True, renting isn't merely usage of the house; renting involves more than that. A landlord is required to maintain upkeep on the housing and ensure the property remains functioning. If you buy a house you need to pay for that yourself and the costs can be situationally high. (Disclaimer: I don't know if this is true in US, but its true in NL at least.) > But can it still be called altruism? Imho, helping out the group to preserve yourself disqualifies it as such; the selfish aspect is clearly there. What you described there is in nature called symbiosis [1]. Like a cat or dogs lives with a human, or an ant with a fig tree. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbiosis Just like Alexa Rank, can't take either serious. > * Macbook takes relatively forever to come back from sleep; thinkpad is practically immediate. What about battery life? Have you tried [1]? This is based on a HN comment. Explanations on the functions are also found here [2]. > * Macbook wireless constantly has issues connecting, to the point of having to turn off wireless and back on multiple times (this occurs often). Which macOS version was this? Wasn't a related framework replaced recently? Or was that only DNS? > * Opening many tabs in chrome on mac causes serious slowdowns. Have yet to see any slowdown on thinkpad even with 20-30 tabs. This also goes generally for mac beachball issues. How much RAM is in the MBP? I had 100+ tabs open on a MBP 2010 (4 GB RAM default, replaced with 8 GB RAM, replaced 512 GB HDD with 256 GB SSD) and never had any issue with that after the hardware replacements. Are you comparing a 5 year old machine with a new one? > In general, Arch/i3 combo is far better than MacOS for my needs (95% of time in terminal/browser). Have you ever tried Homebrew (+ Cask) + Amethyst + iTerm2 + Tmux on the Mac? [1] http://pastebin.com/F3Sh2mjY [2] http://blog.taylormcgann.com/2012/07/05/hibernate-from-termi... Indeed, very useful. On Android I had similar issues and had to install a program called Wifi Prioritiser (or something akin to that as there's multiple solutions available). Unfortunately it has a slight impact on battery life. How is the power comparison? > AMD's Tricore vs Quadcore... something (I think Phentoms??) Phenom. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMD_Phenom https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phenom_II Not all the hardware of Cell on PS3 was available if you run the official Linux port. Which was later blatantly removed. > I've stopped upgrading to major macOS versions until at least 6 months have passed if not 1 year (when the following major version is released). Does the old stable still get equal security fixes? > It was a Thursday/Friday + optional weekend thing, but nobody was pressured to work excessive amounts of hours to get their project done. If "everyone" does it individuals are less inclined to say "No." Not sure what you're implying. The US and UK have low levels of corruption; France, Germany, Benelux have high levels of corruption? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Lets first have a look where Common Law exists [1]. OK, that's pretty easy: It is FVEY plus some islands. Now lets have a look at the Corruption Perception Index [2] (alternatively, just check the picture at [3]). The UK and US are at place 12 and 17 respectively. The top 10 is comprised of: Denmark, Finland, Sweden, New Zealand, Netherlands, Norway, Switzerland, Singapore, Canada, Germany. I count 2 common law (New Zealand, Canada), and at least 7 Civil Law (I'm not including Singapore because I don't know what kind of law system they have; the list is including that pesky Germany who according to your source have high corruption). I fail to see your pattern. [1] https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/Map_of_t... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corruption_Perceptions_Index [3] https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b4/Transpar... > I would say Facebook doesn't attempt to make you use your real name to make the community better in the first place. They're not even allowed to enforce it in Germany [1]: "Facebook may not prevent its users from using fake names, a German privacy watchdog said on Tuesday, in the latest privacy setback for the U.S. company in Europe." Note that said authority is part of the government (unlike, say, EFF). [1] http://www.reuters.com/article/us-facebook-germany-pseudonym... I agree, but I just bought a 15" MBP 2015 and 15,4-inch (2880 x 1800), ~2 kg, plus the battery life feels just right to me (YMMV). Its ~2/3 of my previous 15" MBP 2010, the battery life is ~25% better, and the screen is noticeably brighter and crispier (partly due to the old screen being matte and 6 years old). I didn't have to go to extremely low weight device. I didn't have to go to small battery. I didn't have to go to low or high resolution extremes. Sure, the GPU isn't great, but I decided to not play games on it from the get go. I wouldn't have my gaming equipment for it anyway (mechanical keyboard with binds, Naga mouse, headset, etc). > I included the postscript because I found it interesting I replied because I saw your quote contained a possible inaccuracy. When I investigated that specific part, I found contradicting proof of a causal relationship between French Civil Law tradition and corruption. Which is what your quote was implying. I didn't attempt to verify anything else, but I'm highly skeptical. Either that, or I read wrong and what is being implied with: > Countries with a French Civil Law tradition, poor protection of shareholder and creditor rights, poor contract enforcement, high levels of corruption, poor accounting standards, restrictive banking regulations, and high inflation tend to have underdeveloped financial systems. (Emphasis mine.) is that these are all requirements due to and . Which further is suggested by the quote hereunder that countries with high income such as France, Germany, and Benelux (all of which are original members of the EEC/EC) are not meant to be included in the list you mentioned. > In higher income countries, stock markets become more active and efficient relative to banks. There is some tendency for national financial systems to become more market oriented, as they become richer. But hey, if you want to prove your point feel free to prove -with sources- France, Germany, and Benelux each have: * Poor protection of shareholder and creditor rights * Poor contract enforcement * Poor accounting standards * Restrictive banking regulations * High inflation Its not meant to convince those who are skeptical of the intelligence community (the same organisations who failed at 9/11, Boston, Paris, Brussels, Madrid, .., or even Iraq). It is propaganda. Its meant to convince those who believe what the intelligence community has to say. The question is, are we going to convince those believers otherwise? After all, they're in their own bubble. Is wasting your time on trying to refute this intelligent? Intelligent people can spend our time better than trying to refute obvious propaganda. Ie. we're wasting our time. The reason people are skeptical is because the track records of CIA, NSA, FBI, .. don't add up in history. Yet only in hindsight -in history, when FOIA requests are granted with less and less censorship on the documents- will we get a better picture on who was right and who was wrong. And we may end up never getting the full picture. > The paper divides economies into three buckets: market-based, bank-based and underdeveloped. It does this by looking at economic factors. It then looks at what other factors, Y, are similar between countries in each bucket. This doesn't work going backwards. I know it doesn't because the paper is linking certain properties it observes without proving the causation, and then tries mention them as if they're relevant while in reality there's no relevance shown. (For example, an alternative plausible explanation could be a relation between corruption and wealth.) > By analogy, suppose I have circles, squares and triangles in blue, green and orange. It is meaningful to group by shape. It may also be meaningful to observe that 90% of the triangles are blue. It does not follow that a random blue shape is a triangle. Imagine shapes and colours can change, and there's no proof the change is related to the shapes or colours. Imagine the conclusion for the 'blue' is 'beautiful'. Does it then matter to mention that the blue ones happen to be 'beautiful' and 'mostly triangles'? Is it a relevant conclusion that the 'non-beautiful' are 'mostly not triangles' or 'that they are not beautiful because they're mostly not triangles'? The latter is what your quote implied, and its merely suggestive. You have no proof. Because correlation is not causation. So why does the paper mention it? If you're not willing to prove the missing point, why do you quote it? Some are switching, some are not. Some arguments are sound, some aren't. Its all rather vague and anecdotal, without hard numbers. It really depends on the needs of the developer (or user in general), and if they're willing to make compromises or allow changes. The problems: * Lack of focus on macOS (compared to iOS), and the iOSation of macOS. * Lack of hardware upgrades on Mac Mini, Mac Pro, Macbook Air. MBP specific: focus on size and weight (and butterfly keyboard with less travel) instead of DDR4 32 GB RAM / stronger battery / latest gen processor (read: MBP becoming MBA). Gimmicks like touchbar, force touch. * "Bullying." +300 EUR extra tax on MBP. Ridiculous things like having to pay 100 USD to release a Safari extension. [Please, feel free to make addenda on these.] A post with some random picture of GNOME 3 with a Terminal is just cringeworthy though. What does that have to do with developers? I see no development taking place. Could be a sysadmin's workstation for all we know. I very much like macOS. Its excellent for development. You have the software from macOS (which includes some software not available on Linux). You got UNIX under the hood. All of the software is managed with Homebrew which is excellent (macOS has come a long way in that regard). Really need Windows? You got all the options available from Linux (VM, WINE) plus Bootcamp. Microsoft even provide a VM with Edge themselves. The keybinds and workflow in macOS are consistent and feel natural (with the addition of Amethyst for window management, Tmux in iTerm (fullscreen with Powerline, and Vim), and Alfred instead of Spotlight), and I'm very much used to them. That being said I could just use a Terminal with Git and SSH and Vim or Sublime Text on Linux or Windows as well, but I'd lose some of the above advantages. Linux has far less software, the workflow is clunky, and I'm scared for all the hardware working well. Windows just isn't UNIX under the hood and you notice that when you work with open source software just like you notice WINE isn't native on Linux or macOS. Homebrew went away from using /opt recently, for $reasons (I read the discussion approx half a year ago on Github). They also changed the location of Casks recently as well. You can still install all your Homebrew software elsewhere, if you insist. > The biggest issue isn't UI - GTK easily solves that. A lot of commercially available software for Linux actually uses Qt, not GTK. Apple actually released products. The iPhone 7, Apple Watch, iPad Pro, Macbook, Macbook Pro [1]. Do note all these products have their own use cases and niches. Of these, iPad Pro is a new line, while Apple Watch is a stable iteration. IMO only the MBP was rather disappointing, and too expensive for what it delivered (I bought a 2015 MBP instead). There was also a noticeable lack of product updates though; MBA, iMac, Mac Mini, Mac Pro. That's two times Pro. Apple is losing on the top segment of laptops/workstations. They're doing rather well on handheld/portable devices. The reason people say Apple is 'losing' is because they perceive the competition is catching up on high quality laptop/notebook design, as well as hybrid tablet/notebook. Wether that is true remains to be seen. [1] http://buyersguide.macrumors.com Oops, my bad. Then it was just the Cask installation point which was changed [1]. I ended up reinstalling everything (sounds worse than it was) because merely moving and symlinking broke some software. Do you know if other package managers for macOS (or Mac OS X as it was called back then) did install in /opt? [1] https://github.com/caskroom/homebrew-cask/issues/21913 > (I agree w/ the hardware issues for the most part). Oh, I was echoing the opinion of a vocal minority there. Personally, I find the software in a relatively good spot. I made some comments on potential improvements hereunder. In the past I had issues with either WiFi or DNS (could've been both I honestly don't remember) but this was fixed in I think El Capitan (that I forgot as well...). > What improvements are necessary for macOS to be a better development platform for you? The filesystem. HFS+ is ancient, but stable. I'd like a filesystem with support for CoW for snapshotting and checksums for data integrity (like hardware RAID, ZFS, and Btrfs). I know Apple's new FS is going to support those features, as well as native cryptography. I know this partly overlaps with system administration which is a bit outside of macOS league but still [and I do think Apple could actually advance in that area with features like ZFS and PF but that is a totally different topic]. (A workaround is using ZFS, or just wait for the time being.) Time Machine. I understand Apple wants to sell Airport Express and Airport Capsule but that is no longer developed. Why does it still need AFP? Make it support whatever protocols which can be used native or via Fuse (SMBFS, SSHFS, NFS), and make Time Machine integrated in the new FS. (A workaround is using AFP on a server, or using CLI software like Rsync and Git.) Out of date software shipped. Bash, Python, Git, OpenSSL to name a few. (A workaround is using Homebrew [or an alternative for Homebrew like Macports or Fink or ..] and using those binaries and libraries in /usr/local one really needs to make sure they're using the correct binaries and libraries though.) Apart from that I feel its Homebrew and .App format which makes software management good. (I don't use an IDE, but I know they're widely available for macOS.) > Package managers on Linux work better than brew IMO. They are more mature and better integrated with the OS. Brew is more than Brew because of Brew Cask. More mature, how? Can you already install multiple versions of a package with Linux package management? From what I read, NixOS comes close to the way Apple works with .App. Debian and Fedora don't use that. Don't get me started on Debian. Stable, yet always out of date. macOS is also UNIX while Linux is Linux (and has Systemd which I'd have to learn, while for example Launchctl I already know). macOS comes with PF (which I know how to use and is much easier than IPT), and a Little Snitch license is only 30 EUR. Then there's X11 and Wayland. Is Wayland default already? I don't know. > It would be nice if brew upgrade installed OS security patches etc. softwareupdate* allows that. If it bothers you to type, make some shell scripts. Not a big deal. You even see they're available in the Dock. My main gripe with Brew is Brew Cask. I need to check with a shell script if the closed source packages have been updated. But on Linux I'd be using APT repositories or would have to check manually as well. Windows has Chocolatey which is nice, but like I said you notice Windows isn't UNIX all the time (tho it has improved, and so is Microsoft!). > I found it easier to rebind keys in GNOME than Mac OS. You don't get it. I don't have to rebind much. The default are consistent, logical, and useful already. I don't use Spotlight or Siri so that is disabled. Alt + Space leads me to iTerm (with Tmux), and Cmd + Space leads me to Alfred. Caps Lock is bound to Ctrl. The rest is default. When I looked for Linux notebooks the price of a MBP 2015 was slightly higher (while there was an in between 1080p and 4k) but then I know I don't have a learning curve, and the above advantages also remain. Finally, my gf can use Microsoft Office on my MBP if she really has to (I don't use it myself). I tried to get her to LibreOffice but there's a learning curve involved and we both CBA. Isn't the name Piwik PRO confusing for customers of Piwik? Can I call my company Microsoft PRO? Or can I call my product Windows Pro? I at least can't call it Lindows in the USA, that's for sure. > (not upgradeable) True, this is a real issue, and I agree we're paying premium_price^2 for the newest MBPs. However, in this day and age of networked computing and fast WiFi why would 256 GB not be enough? Did you check the performance of the XPS SSD compared to the MBP? I take it the RAM is DDR4. The 16 GB LPDDR3 RAM means more battery life. The resolution of the 2015 MBP 15" is also in between 1080p and 4k, a sacrifice, for battery power. The graphics card isn't upgradeable on either machine. And I did look at the XPS. I'm not going to buy a machine which makes a lot of noise, and the XPS has coil whine. Why don't you compare to the 2015 rMBP? I tried out the butterfly keyboard of the 2016 version in store and I found it far too noisy (the travel also isn't a good aspect). Do you really need the graphics card? Have you looked at eGPU? > Wifi connection has all sorts of problems - access hangs for ~30 seconds every couple of minutes or so. This is very intermittent, and seems to be a problem with our home connection, but other devices don't appear to suffer. Which macOS version? Did you check /var/log/wifi.log? Strangely my MBP 2010 has a similar issue, while my new MBP 2015 doesn't. Agreed with most of the disadvantages. Your processor is also quicker / more power efficient. 16 GB DDR4 will impact the battery life negatively, while 1920x1080 display will impact it positively. Both have their price. The weight of your laptop is more than 2 times the weight of the 15" MBP 2015, approx 1,5 times the weight of a 15" MBP 2010, and roughly 2,5 times the weight of a 15" MBP 2016 (there is no 17" MBP anymore.) DVD drive or burner I won't miss. I would've removed it from my old MBP 2010, but I am afraid it will cause instability. Its also a bit tricky to remove. 1 TB HDD is also IMO pointless. I just use networking if I need to access data. WiFi is quick enough. A major advantage of your beast is the graphics card. If I'd find that important (I don't) I'd consider a eGPU. Regarding bad battery life, if a device uses USB-C I can see power banks being useful in that regard. Good luck, hope to read from you how it works out for you. Did you try the solutions at [1]? Have you considered upgrading? Be careful you don't get into issues with DNS related to [2] in 10.10 [1] http://howtoapple.com/mavericks-wifi-issues-fix/ [2] http://arstechnica.com/apple/2015/01/why-dns-in-os-x-10-10-i... Has that always been the case? I've been needing to do this with the LastPass Chrome extension as well. It is rather annoying, but if you just keep the browser running it is bearable. I'll slowly switch back to Firefox though. They are adding sandboxing and swapping Gecko to a Rust-based engine. We'll see about the performance. Bottomline is, I'm done with being overly reliable on Google. Why not? On the short term, you get more income from ad revenue. Who knows what the effect on the long term is going to be. > But what happens when you lose that security token? Pretty simple: you use your backup key to revoke the lost key. This is possible with e.g. Lastpass and Google. Of course, if the attacker logs in before you revoke the key, you are hosed, but the same would be true in your car analogy. > i.e. "Honey! I can't find the car keys, have you seen them?" With car keys, too, you have a backup key. Arguably, the physical car keys are easier to copy. > I would be in favor of an implantable RFID chip or whatever 'better' tech comes around. Nothing new, see this article from 2004 [1]. As you can read in the article, its first headline was even in 2001 (to put in perspective this is 15 to 16 years ago). Company's name is VeriChip. The problem is that the signal can be intercepted (AFAIK it doesn't use a form of OTP), and the key cannot be easily replaced/revoked. A YubiKey doesn't suffer from this issue. The issue a YubiKey has is that it can be easier lost than an implant. The YubiKey Neo ('large' version, not the 'laptop' version) supports NFC. > We desperately need _BETTER_ 2FA. Why? How? [1] http://www.wnd.com/2004/04/24179/ > Ok, you have a sponsorship model that works because you're probably very famous. Famous people have a quality network. Are you sure its not rather because "you have a quality network" instead of "you are probably [sic] very famous"? TL;DR Quote: "Reasons: (1) it had not been a GNU package for very long, (2) she was the developer who had originally made it a GNU package, and (3) there were no major developers who wanted to continue developing Libreboot under GNU auspices." > CA would be the 7th largest economy in the world if it were its own country. NY would be 11th. But yes, let's just pretend like they don't matter when it comes to the US as a whole. Except we're not pretending like they don't matter. We're pretending they have a proportionate say. Regardless of wether your hypothetical proportion would be sound or not the proportion just isn't based on the size of the economy of a state. Businesses work that way though. You're free to petition for a CAexit or NYexit if you desire. Not that that'd happen either... > No one even seems concerned about it. Sure people are. Not enough according to you perhaps. Sugar (not slow carbohydrates), and salts are the two main concerns. > Biometrics are not the answer for that either Biometrics are a way to identify a user (and establish a username); not a form of authentication or replacement for a password. This is because biometrics cannot be replacement, while they can be copied or mimicked. 1FA is theoretically possible without a password, with a form of OTP. Concept itself is user friendly for mobile use. Too bad a lot of phones don't have NFC, or the NFC doesn't work with the YubiKey Neo. Given it is wireless, is it eavesdroppable? The big advantage of the Neo is NFC. As for, > I rarely use mine anymore as I kept accidentally triggering it when I carried my laptop to meetings. ..for macOS there is statusbar application called YubiSwitch [1] which allows one to enable or disable their YubiKey (default keybind Alt + Cmd + Y). It has various useful features such as timeout (default 10 sec, feature disabled by default), or locking the computer if key is removed. I use it together with a YubiKey Nano 4, with a YubiKey Neo as backup. Be sure to enter the right ProductID to make it work. You can only use one, so if you ever use your backup key you need to configure that ProductID. [1] https://github.com/pallotron/yubiswitch > Biometrics SUCK. As do [secure] passwords. Which I'll demonstrate below. > My finger prints are rarely intact enough for a fingerprint reader to capture them and read them. Scan multiple fingers. Use different biometrics such as a photo of your face, or your eye. Remember, biometrics are meant as username replacement, not authentication (e.g. password-based); ie. so you don't have to type 'lightedman', not 'ethically-rage-retake-unlined-wrangle-lapel'. Right now I use a Pebble smartwatch (which I use for fitness, too) with Bluetooth 4 to unlock my Android phone. Not very secure since (as you put as well) I don't verify the unlock via my smartwatch, and I'm not sure about impersonating Bluetooth 4. Then again, I'm not sure if NFC (RFID) can be impersonated, either. And, if yes, how feasible it is. On the contrary; in this case, Twitter is a symptom. Instead, the problem is bubble-based news. The platform could've been something else, like Facebook, or RSS. Humans shrink in size as they grow older as well. > Theres also a marathon runner who runs at 100+ somewhere, quite amazing. Had to look that up [1] [2]. [1] https://www.yahoo.com/news/100-old-marathoner-finishes-race-... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fauja_Singh > A lot of people read the same things, should we all burn out? Eventually? Would everyone burn out at an equivalent speed? I don't know the answer to your question. I do wonder if it has to do with being closed or open minded. The difference of a person enjoying being in a bubble, and one who wants to think outside of the box. Also, there are platforms where people gather who think outside of the box. However at some point they become so popular, that the status quo of the masses takes over. (Reddit seems an excellent example of this.) To me, it seems akin to the principles of the Temporary Autonomous Zone (TAZ) [1]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temporary_Autonomous_Zone > I don't think they got the memo. Sadly, they haven't. Did you get the memo where people from CCC got the fingerprint from a minister, just to prove a point? > I guess you didn't read what I wrote. I'll just stop here until you do. I did read what you wrote. That doesn't refute that in use cases, one finger(print) may stop working while another still works. It also doesn't refute that other biometric data stays intact. Although having to type 'lightedman' is a minor nuisance. It is a minor convenience which in the end is going to save a lot of minutes a day per human being. Time which can be spend more productive. > That begs the question, what if you lose your backup key too (it's far less frequently used, adding to the possibility) or don't have one because it would decrease security? Here is where car analogy stops working. What if you lose the backup key to your car? You're can break a window to enter, but a modern car won't start easily because of the lock on the steering wheel. Make sure you don't store both keys at the same place. Make sure one is stored at a secure place, while the other one is securely attached with you. A secure place to store a key is a fireproof safe, or a notary. > The browser browses the internet. You mean 'the World Wide Web' [1] since 'the Internet' includes other protocols than HTTP(S) such as SMTP, POP3, and IMAP. Nowadays, Node is everywhere. Slack, using JavaScript, is replacing IRC. One of the best e-mail clients is Nylas N1 which uses JavaScript under the hood. Hyper is a terminal using JavaScript. Discord is becoming the defacto standard for VoIP gaming, and uses JavaScript under the hood. In a way, the WWW -via JavaScript- is invading the space of the traditional protocols. You may find that bloat, but all of the above applications provide an excellent user experience. The UIs work very well. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Wide_Web An appropriate lyric about this would be Nick Drake - One Of These Things First [1]. I'd love to be a farmer, a painter, a philosopher, a writer, a chef, or a combination of that. However since the world is changing so much due to technology, I'm not sure how feasible or enjoyable those jobs would be in the 21st century. I find it a bit pointless to think too much about it, since its unrealistic, unless you're interested in changing. For good or worse I'm gonna stick to development for the upcoming years. Who knows what's next though. [1] https://duckduckgo.com/?q=nick+drake+-+one+of+these+things+f... Is Judo your current hobby? You could consider to take a sabbatical for a time on the Sea Shepherd. I don't have the right personality for that (I'm too withdrawn/passive, not social enough) but I have a lot of respect for people who devote time, energy, and money against the strong tide of corporate selfishness. Your party's name makes it sound like a one issue party. I recommend to change it, or merge with GL/SP. > Maybe on your top-of-the-line computer. On my two-year-old Macbook Air, browsing the web is pure frustration, because everything is slow. I recently replaced my 15" MBP 2010 with a 15" MBP 2015, but that wasn't because of the speed of applications. Try to use some browser addons to make the web work quicker, like uBlock. > Don't even get me started on how inferior Slack is compared to a local IRC client. Slack is just one example. Personally, I'm not a proponent of a proprietary software client based on open standards (stuff like Electron, JS, etc). IRC is just a protocol, with many clients available. Fair enough regarding websites, but I was talking about rich feature clients for usage other than the WWW ie. other protocols than HTTP(S). If you prefer, you're free to use more lightweight applications. I could mention you're free to put JS off, but I know that isn't always feasible. I agree w/you that this sucks. Majorly. A non issue, PEBKAC. If you're afraid you lose both your main key as well as your backup key at the same time before you were able to reinstall another backup key you can ensure you have more than 1 backup key, and/or (re)consider where you store your backup key(s). Also, it depends on where you are using the YubiKey. If its an online service you may be able to identify yourself via alternative ways. If its your FDE, you're hosed. Or you have backups. Either way, the above still applies. Far too dramatic IMO. Did CD and MP3 players kill radio in car? No. Radio as being the primary source of audio-only data has been long dead, and the audio-only source has also seen competition of TV, RL (due to easier & cheaper forms of travel), and the Internet. In that sense even TV is dead thanks to the Internet. Both deaths are relative, not absolute. Radio is however very much alive in the sense that audio-only is alive. Just look at streaming services such as Spotify, and the diversity possible with it. You can make your own playlist, follow someone else's, or collaborate. You can have multiple playlists, too. For a mere 10 EUR a month you even get rid of all the advertising (15 EUR for family pack of 6 people). I'm not advertising for Spotify here; its just one of the many options available and I happen to be familiar with it. My Nokia N900, an experimental device from 2009, had a FM transmitter on it. One could tune in on car audio, to receive the signal send from the Nokia N900. One could power it up with the car's charger. We're now in 2017, 8 years down the line. Its not far fetched to have a FM to Bluetooth or FM to WiFi converter. Exactly for situations where backwards compatibility is desirable. It might also be worth it to upgrade the car to more recent standards e.g. an Android mini computer made for the car. > OK, so you switch off a completely fine technology with billions invested, rendering useless multi-millions of fine working radios. Keyword: Maintenance. It costs money. > $300 books, headphone jacks, unreliable cloud services, missed product launches. Don't forget all the criticism towards MBP 2016. > So I ask again? Why benefit is Apple gaining keeping him on? Who says they aren't, or won't? This is what is publicly seen as a slap on the wrist. It is a smart way to perform damage control. It is basically saying to the criticism towards Apple [from both shareholders as well as users]: "we know, we screwed up, you are right" without going into detail on who or what is exactly right. Our password policy is pretty terrible. We don't even have our own user profiles. Whenever I'm on a different desk than my own, I get to experience a completely different desktop. With completely different applications installed, settings, etc. I work part-time hence my desk isn't the same permanent spot, so this does occur regularly. So apart from a security hazard, this is also a productivity loss. I'd also swap everything to Linux (my preference is macOS, but I can see how that'd increase cost). For the kind of development we do, Linux is just as good as the other two. I honestly don't know how to solve the issue for me easily. Perhaps just install all applications and settings on a thumb drive? My current Bash prompt contains a unicode character. I guess this is unsupported? Can report find / works very quick on macOS (so quick, it is unreadable), and Fish works as well. Just the Rust install assumed I was using Bash. Possible bug: on macOS when I minimize Alacritty, and I put it on focus again, it tries to select text. Strangely, not always. If we want to combat clickbaiting, we need to stop making websites profitable the more they're read. If we take action to install uBlock (blocking) or AdNauseam (fake clicking), we make it at least less effective. In the latter case, we turn it around. > Multibyte characters are 100% supported, but only if they are available in the chosen font. The fallback fonts feature will resolve this issue for you. How do I enable this feature? The characters  and ⑂ don't work in Menlo.  and  do work in Cousine for Powerline font. In Terminal.App and iTerm2 this works in both fonts. Do those applications also have a fallback fonts feature? Thank you. Is there a way to command the terminal to enter/exit full screen mode (like iTerm2 has)? I remember going on vacation as a child (lets say I was 7, not sure) to Spain with my parents and friends of us. We travelled by car using the Route du Soleil. Besides the highway there were parking stations where one could park the car for a break. There was also a building reminiscent of a large public bathroom. It contained toilets for men, toilets for females / doing a large delivery (duty), and even showers. I found the showers peculiar given it was on a highway. It was nowhere near as odd as my experience on the toilet though. The toilets where one could go for a large delivery required a coin (IIRC 20 French Franc), and were on a timer. So as a child I was pressured to do my duty swiftly. While I was doing my duty, the door unlocked, because my time was apparently up. I found this very intimidating to my privacy, and it increased the stress I already had to quickly do my duty. I'm not sure if I did finish or not, but I do remember feeling very upset, and I also found the system ridiculous. Especially given nobody was waiting for me to finish my turn, and the toilets weren't clean either because the place smelled horrendous. Nowadays, if I pay for a toilet, I want it to be clean. (Although as a man at least peeing is already free if you really have to. Without the need for additional tools.) I did read a story on HN about German cities providing free (formerly paid) toilets. This increases happiness of tourists, increasing the chance tourists come (back) to these cities. The money is paid for by the local businesses. But this increases their profits because they sell more due to more/happier tourists. Pi-Hole [1], for example. Using a proxy in your system settings together with e.g. Privoxy (which runs locally or remotely on e.g. a RPi) also works (but that is proxy-based filtering). Both DNS-based and proxy-based filtering can be circumvented. I just use uBlock everywhere, and have been playing around with AdNauseam. These work well enough. The only time those fail miserably is when a browser is being embedded in an application, like on Android and iOS apps. I tend to buy the premium version anyway if I really like an app ( no subscriptions though!). There are 2 ways to circumvent those apps with ads. 1) use web browser (w/uBlock) instead or 2) use a DNS-based filtering (such as a Pi-Hole). However the latter option requires network access to the DNS server of the Pi-Hole which isn't there when you're roaming (e.g. on 3G/4G or a foreign Wi-Fi network). A workaround to that is using a VPN to your RPi. For me, that is too much work (had a similar setup in past), and the upload speed on my home network isn't to write home about (YMMV). Btw, not sure if all of this can be worked with DNSCrypt since when you're roaming there's the vulnerability of DNS hijacking. [1] https://pi-hole.net Google's business model is profiling to learn more about the user, to (in the end) earn money via advertising. Google's OK with ad blocking (tho I thought in the past they weren't). Recently though, they've been blocking Ad Nauseam which fights back against advertising. The Ad Nauseam authors respond to "if Google has lost your trust, as it has ours" in their FAQ with suggestions [1]. It boils down to: swap back to Firefox, try Opera, or try one of the Chrome-based browsers not by Google. Well, Opera is dead to me (Vivaldi might be alive, but I don't like it when a company calls a proxy a VPN.) Chrome's going beyond some standards as well. Firefox is introducing sandboxing and a Rust-based rendering engine to replace Gecko. For me, this means it is time to slowly move back to Firefox as main browser. At least I know with Mozilla extensions related to advertising won't be suddenly removed. Finally, I think it is important I give something back to Firefox. Either development or a donation. Perhaps just a donation to an organisation related to Mozilla, like EFF. [1] https://github.com/dhowe/AdNauseam/wiki/Install-AdNauseam-on... > (I once dual-booted Mac OS and Arch, with a shared /home partition. It totally worked and was a lot of fun.) Interesting! What caveats did you experience? Did you end up symlinking stuff like ~/.firefox to ~/Library/Application Support/Firefox? Skype? Ah, 2012. We're now in 2017, and in this country Skype just isn't the standard (I'm not saying it isn't used anymore). What is the standard? Well on phones, people seem to be using WhatsApp, with a movement who swapped to Telegram. There's some people who use FaceTime, but they're Apple users. There's some people who advocate Signal, but I know nobody who uses that. Then for gaming there is Discord which I started using in 2016 which Just Works (tm), has a feature set and UI from this decennium, and doesn't require one to run their own server (unlike TS/Mumble/Ventrilo/..). Finally, in 2016 I swapped to a different phone plan; unlimited phone calls is part of my (very cheap) subscription for my phone. The disadvantage of the unlimited plan is GSM's 'bad' quality (I generally don't have an issue w/it), and it is 100% being logged by telcos & nation states. But so is Skype. To be fair, I don't think RMS would be happy with any of my choices. Discord is open source, but the servers aren't. WhatsApp is proprietary, and owned by Facebook (Skype is proprietary and owned by Microsoft). Signal is only distributed via GCM which is a proprietary platform (F-Droid is blocked). There are other applications which do something similar to the one linked here. Destroy Windows 10 Spying, to name an example. This is a GUI app. Does the same apply? Are the default options not sane? Did you read and understand every line of all software you run? Care to explain? ..and all of them run Tmux/Screen. If you prefer the Windows 7 start menu, consider Classic Shell [1]. [1] http://classicshell.net/ Did you consider or try ExtFS via FUSE? Did you consider to upgrade your FS to AFS (Apple's File System, the successor of HFS+)? What about disk encryption? Did you use e.g. VeraCrypt? Did you consider using the SD card or USB stick on your Mac? > Shaking things often fixes problems. Oh, indeed. I remember my father, a disabled former engineer, having an expensive McIntosh audio system. He was always fiddling with it, fixing it, applying anti oxidation spray, etc. My parents decided the large wall furniture (in which the audio system was, together with books, TV, etc) was to be replaced. It turned out that during the giant relocation one of the compartments of his system (IIRC it was the tuner, but it might have been the pre-amplifier or amplifier as well) had become broken. My father, who was nearly blind, made it his project to repair the installation. He was failing, and my parents discussed sending the broken part of the audio system back for repair which would set us back a large sum of money. Then, at some point, there was an earthquake of 5,5 on the Richter scale. (Having just looked it up the epicenter being 5,8 it was the largest earthquake ever registered in The Netherlands.) The damage: a photo of a family member, protected by glass, had fallen and the glass was broken. In our wall, a rift appeared. Many things just weren't on their correct place. The radio? Ah, the radio. It worked again when it was put on!! Fun read! If you're interested in computer stupidities this website (lynx friendly) is one of my favs: http://www.rinkworks.com/stupid/ Most of them aren't related to engineering; rather computer helpdesk stories from the previous century. > This metaphor, coupled with the story, makes it seem as if it's "worth it" to hit a client back in front of a judge. Super weird, IMHO. It is an analogy. One should not copy exactly what happened in an analogy literally to a situation (what I call "greater example"); instead, one should apply the lesson of the analogy . The situation of the analogy ("small example") was at elementary school, where someone got hit, and wanted to get justice ("an eye for an eye"). He got justice, but at a steep price. Standing up for oneself ensures they are not (or at least less likely) becoming bullied again, but it has its price (e.g. you may lose a teeth or 2, get reprimanded by school, get in contact with police or sued, etc). The goal of eye for an eye might appear as self gratification. That is perhaps part of the goal, but its a rather pointless and -to put it friendly- unintelligent one. Another, far more important part of the goal, is to ensure the other party realises (knows & feels) they were wrong so that the other party does not resort to this behaviour again. Not necessarily solely to the victim. Rather just to any potential future victims as well with whom the victim [would] share empathy and sympathy. One could regard justice as a reaction of the autonomous system (in the "greater example", called "society"), trying to correct its inhabitants/hosts, with the goal of improving the autonomous system at a whole. "Manufacturing and distribution is performed by Foxconn's FIH Mobile division." [1] aka, in China. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HMD_Global > Users may like having separate tools to help them differentiate between different communication tasks. It is because the user ends up having to look at notifications of multiple applications. Those notifications take up space. Right now they're sorted in a way. For example, the way the lockscreen looks, or the time they've arrived. This doesn't necessarily reflect priority for the user. How to achieve this? I think the correct way is by ML/AI. One way could be looking at which notifications the user tends to open first. Or, for example, look at which correspondence appears to be most used. This could even be combined with other factors such as time of the day, day of the week. E.g. the wife might be less important during 9-5 at a weekday. Moreover, to reply to your specific point, a user could decide to user Ulum, plus Signal on the side. Or a user could decide decide to run Ulum, MSN Messenger, and ICQ. My point being, an application can abstract some of the protocols but just because it can't do more doesn't mean the user will use that feature. This is entirely up to the user. There is tons of prior art. First, there was ICQ and AIM. ICQ got bought by AOL, and they added compatibility between each protocol. Then there is Pidgin (formerly known as GAIM) for desktop OSes (Windows/Linux/macOS). Adium is a macOS version of Pidgin, and Bitlbee is an IM to IRC gateway fork of Pidgin. Which means you would be able to access it with your favourite IRC client (possibly with the aid of Tmux/Screen). There were tons and tons of plugins for all these applications available, adding all kind of features, including adding of protocol support. I remember even different versions of protocols being supported. There was even a Skype plugin for Pidgin. But Skype didn't quite like that plugin. Which brings me to a point: you may end up with fierce opposition from the developers or owners of the official clients, for a myriad of (valid & less valid) reasons. Using Pidgin with ICQ meant less advertisement income for Mirabilis/AOL (the ads were shown when a user would message another, in the message box). Skype/Microsoft doesn't like usage of unofficial clients. Moxie Marlinspike wants people to download the official Signal client from Google Play, and he doesn't want third party clients to use the Signal infrastructure. WhatsApp sued the maker of an unofficial client. Bnetd got taken down [1]. Unofficial KaZaA clients. Really, I'm digressing from IM now. The stories are endless. Then there is Jabber or XMPP. This had backwards compatibility with previous protocols. Then there were clients which were basically a frontend for those protocols. An outstanding one was Nimbuzz. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bnetd > Submitting proof to authority that you had done nothing wrong (as a defendant) is not the same as exacting revenge, even if the authority didn't see the initial harm. Its not about revenge, it is about justice. I explained revenge is not so much about the person who experienced the initial blow, more so than potential future victims. > Along with the other descriptors of his ex-customer, it comes across as unprofessional. I understand you feel that way but I disagree. It comes across as someone who stands up for his right when put in unjust situations. A potential customer should not need to fear him, as he is normally a solid business partner, and may even work hard in your advantage (for free). He mentions he goes out of the way for his customers, and his very example even proofs this. The people who read his blog regularly supposedly know his personality better. There's a conundrum in the fact that blog posts might be written for people who are more in the know, whereas everyone in the world can read it. We see the effects of that issue more regular, this is'd merely an example of the effect (is there a name for it?). He is also not posting personal details of the plaintiff. Not enough to identify them. That is professional. Then again, I am biased. I got bullied at school, and I generally didn't end up returning physical violence. I wish I did. I'd be more mentally resilient now. Not all is lost though. What I am saying is that it has been done before. I'm just stating some of the hurdles. If you can license or otherwise come to agreement, avoid those hostile protocols (know before you do a lot of work who/what is a hostile), or just make a plugin implementation and host the 'dark' plugin on Tor or w/e you should be fine. You're welcome. I got one question for you btw. I take it you work for-profit. How do you plan on making money with your product? > It's not a hugely popular opinion Eh? On the contrary; the iPhone appears to be the most popular phone on the market. Although there is not 'one' iPhone. There is the iPhone 6, 6S, 7, 7 plus, and the small SE. For me, I'd like a small phone which I can easily hold in one hand. One I can remain using various years. Of which I can replace the battery myself. And, where it is I who decides which software I run (ie. not a review time ran by an American corporation). Of those 4 factors, sadly only the SE covers two (since iOS will run for say 3-4 years on SE). I'm also a proponent of longevity and reducing e-waste and while I cannot replace the battery of an iPhone myself the iPhones have a relatively large resale value, which is a plus compared to a lot of Android devices. > I still feel that Apple are standing up for user rights (e.g. FBI/government requests to make phones less secure) more than any other mobile manufacturer. Its easier to just buy a phone from a company who can't comply with such ridiculous claims from the US government. Imagine Apple was based in Ireland. Suddenly, the claim to insert a backdoor for the FBI in every iPhone is more ridiculous. That was one of the reasons why I bought a phone from a company based in the same country as where I live. I use macOS every day, and I love it. And it is me who owns the hardware, and who is root on the device (I can't say I own the software). If I want to kill a process on macOS, I am free to do this. I don't have this freedom on iOS. On my Android phone I have the freedom to root the device (which is sort of supported by Fairphone), and if ever the OS isn't supported anymore I can just run CM or LineageOS or stock Android on it myself. You don't have that liberty on iOS devices. Jailbreaking on iOS isn't very feasible because you end up having to run code to exploit iOS. Which means your phone has a known vulnerability which you want to get fixed. But you can't without the source. > I think there's value in challenging the US government on these issues. It also helps set the tone in general. Sure, but a lot was and is also being decided behind the screens. > The only real alternative is Android. Depends on use cases. Also, there are Android derivative works. > Also, which non-US phone would you suggest? The Fairphone 2 allows one to run a completely open source version of Android which doesn't rely on Google [1]. But there are other alternatives as well. Jolla, for example. > And therefore open to the possibility of a backdoor (or other) requests by the US government. Is the software compiled deterministically? Also, the hardware of nearly every phone is assembled in China. The chips nearly all come from China (Fairphone tried to work around it; couldn't). And therefore open to the possibility of a backdoor (or other) requests by the Chinese government. [1] https://www.fairphone.com/en/2016/04/28/releasing-the-fairph... > Right. But, to my earlier point, you never really need to, either, because the OS does a good enough job of managing resources that such intervention is not required. What do you mean? I'm not aware of any SSH which fulfils my needs on iOS. Or Android for that matter. On Jolla (and MeeGo/Maemo) you had a CLI at your command. The conundrum is you don't know what you're missing unless you had it before to begin with. Case in point: there's an entire generation of children raising up with touchscreens. That exposure has a price. What do you consider the best browser on macOS? I don't consider Safari the best one. YMMV. At least you and I got the freedom to run another browser on macOS (those versions of Firefox and Chrome on iOS are not the real deal). I got the freedom to run Tmux, Vim. I got the freedom to compile my own version of OpenSSH which includes a patch for additional functionality. I get to decide which browser extensions I get to run (without having to rely on Apple to decide which extensions are allowed for Safari). I get to configure ssh and sshd. I'd like to take the risk myself of taking it for granted when/if it breaks. I am actually OK with all of this as long as I don't have to rely overly on my phone. However, smartphones have become so important now, and I end up having and needing a MBP to make up for it. There's going to be a time where the computers (smartphones, tablets, etc) running iOS are so powerful that you can easily run a lot more on them. And, with that progress, they become less of an embedded device and therefore the freedom to decide what you run is increased. Finally, there's Apple who decides who's in and who's out. Americans are totally cool with violence of all sorts and kinds, but as soon as the first thing a baby sucks on is shown its suddenly drama. I find that bollocks, and I don't want to be scrutinised to such a culture deciding on what I am and am not allowed to run on my device. The device I (not an American) worked hard for to afford , the device I bought , and the device I own (not rent) . No, Google isn't perfect either; Google earns money via advertising, Google just blocked an anti adware extension in Chrome called Ad Nauseam, and they also don't allow certain software in GCM. > Google has a terrible track record when it comes to protecting their user's privacy (and security to a second degree) Security to a second degree? One of the (valid) criticism to Android is that OEMs don't provide firmware updates or at least security and reliability fixes. This is a fair claim; you need to be careful about this if you decide to buy an Android phone (although there's the option to root a phone and install CM or LineageOS). Google however in this case rules correctly by example. They've been updating Android firmware for their devices regularly, up till 2 years after purchase of device. If you want a secure Android phone, software-wise a recent Google device is one of your safest bets. Motorola's track record pre Lenovo was also good. Ever since Lenovo bought Motorola, not so much. Of course, the privacy issue stands (insofar to profiling and internally in Google as they profit from knowing as much of you so they can advertise effectively) but that is the price of any Google product. That is where Google and Apple differ (at this time of writing; it can change, just look at Microsoft). Cheers for explaining your use case. For people like you we either need alternative way of identification (such as face recognition), or we need you to type your username ('lightedman'). The latter is IMO (in 2017, without physical keyboards) rather annoying. Remember, I don't suggest we authenticate via fingerprints. > But Windows has done the same. I guess ACPI is a mess. Of course, you don't mention macOS. I never had issues with suspend on any of my MBPs. If I did, it turned out that was my battery got empty, and the few times this happened I did think about suspend failing. Turned out I was wrong. You completely missed the point. If ACPI is a mess, how come macOS doesn't suffer from the issue? Competition is good. Aside of Plex, there'a also Emby, and Kodi. Each have their + and -. Here's a comparison between the 3 [1]. (Disclaimer: I use Emby.) [1] http://www.htpcbeginner.com/plex-vs-emby-comparison-with-kod... I remember circumventing FlexLM on SGI machines with IRIX and Nokia N810 with libfaketime and LD_PRELOAD. I believed back then, and still now, that money is to be made with experts & service. Seems to work very well for companies like RedHat and IBM. That is why I told the reader (anecdotal) evidence which suggests the contrary. > How wrong of me not to have any experience with your preferred platform, and leave it out of the discussion. No need to feel so overly offended. Indeed, Plex is not. Emby and Kodi are. IIRC the reason Kodi (back when it was called XBMC) switched to GPLv2 is because they got forked by Plex who didn't give back. I wasn't able to find a source on this though. Just because we do it in one particular case does not mean we are good at it, or that it is a better and viable way of operating. I, for one, am very bad at it at parties and all those different conversations drive me insane. Well OK, not literally insane, but they make me feel bad. Because I cannot deal with those multiple audio streams. I get distracted by the noise (leading to unable to follow), and very from the environment nervous. I don't think its better either, and I believe this is why we see audio as addition to written text (it is called 'podcast' because of Apple marketing w/iPod). In other words, the text is read and from there it is being decided if we follow up with more text, audio, or video. Video is an exception because the eyes are used there as well. However it is important to recognise audio-only use cases. Audio only feedback may work in some situations e.g. during sports/fitness, or driving a car (radio). I haven't been able to come up with additional examples though. See also PearPC [1]. The project stems from the time where Macs were still based on PowerPC (PPC). [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PearPC > Thanks for your reply. I totally understand, and of course, at the end of the day I was trying to just leech on the free tier. It was just the communication around it that sucked, as well as the suddenness. Well, you did get a year subscription for free. That part of communication didn't suck. I'd agree it felt a bit like bait 'n switch, but their developers also gotta eat. I'm just using Nylas N1 as home user, and I don't want any more subscriptions. I'm oversubscribed as it is. If I were commercial of business that'd be different. A one time fee would be OK with me (YMMV!). It is also still an open source version. Would I be able to self host on a Raspberry Pi btw? Aren't businesses better off to just self host instead of going w/Pro? Music - Spotify Text Editor - Sublime (nothing comes close, sorry) Illustrator - Krita Terminal - Alacritty Passwords - LastPass Browser - Firefox All of these are available for Mac and Linux. A good and simple image editor for Windows is paint.net Which macOS version is that? I'm under the assumption that certain professions require what they call a 'thick skin' while actually the people who can work there for long time have a lack of empathy (because else they wouldn't be able to cope with the reality of their work). Since you've been a professional in this field I am curious about your viewpoint on this matter. Let us assume the goal of a human is to 'lead a long and happy life'. The chance you win the jackpot with Lotto is miniscule. It is basically so small, that it isn't worth the investment. You're better off not taking that chance because the risk isn't worth the reward. These games are, basically, fallacies designed to manipulate humans, tricking them into behaviour they should not [logically] resort to. With cancer, you have genetic risks to get (certain types of) cancer, sure. However, for example living next to a highway increases the chance you get cancer. So, not living there increases your chance of not getting cancer [at a young(er) stage of your life]. Which increases the goal of human life as we agreed upon. So I agree they're not the same, but your example of Lotto (or similar games) I find rather bad. I think with regards to cancer this is related to risk/reward. People take risks such as speeding, eating overburned food, or living near a highway. They feel the risk is worth the reward, and they live under the assumption they get away with it. > Gaslighting is a form of personal attack that's designed to make someone doubt the validity of their own senses or personal experience. Asking someone for a source (ie. "citation needed") isn't the same as 'gaslighting'. There is no need to feel offended when someone asks for a source when you boldly claim something. Using the website 'lmgtfy' and using this as source however is condescending. Say you are writing a paper. Would you then provide a Google search link as source? You wouldn't. That is why (indirect) Google links are not a source. Google is a tool to find a source. 'Glorified blog'? The only big difference I can tell is that those 'glorified blogs' are not being printed on real paper. I'm not sure how that makes those newspaper who also have a 'glorified blog' anything more or less than that (plus a physical paper). None of this tells us anything about the quality of the 'glorified blog'. > given that there are many specialty 420-specific "clinics" that have literally never declined a prescription request. Surely there's an age limit? If you go to a coffeeshop in The Netherlands you need to be 18 in order to receive marihuana. If you're younger than 21 you need to show your ID, and if the clerk thinks you are younger than 18 he can ask you for ID. Of course, that can be faked. But if there's minors in your coffeeshop you got a big, big problem if the police find this out. Disclaimer: I worked in a coffeeshop in Amsterdam. Calling him a game designer based on [1] seems too limited. Yes, those renders you can find are about gaming. But he's done more than that, see his resume. [1] http://pascaleggert.de/aboutme.html How so? The free 1 year Pro came with additional features. There was effort required to activate it, but it was minimal effort. To me it feels like a 1 year demo. I come from a time where shareware stopped functioning after X days (where X was usually a month). So to me, it feels generous. > but once there was nothing to upgrade from there was nothing free at all. There is, if you self host. To me, it seems a serious organisation should anyway, for data protection reasons. Right now, I'm hosting the access to my e-mail data in the USA. Sounds good? For a European (individual, for profit, non profit organisation, or government), it isn't. I'd like to not hold that against Nylas, but OTOH they could just provide a self hosting backend server with Nylas N1 anyway. Or inform the user about this at least. Nylas also plan to offer a limited, free version on top of that. Its a young company, so they're still figuring out their business models. Its easy to attribute malice to that, but it could just as well be incompetence. > 90% of these jobs will be at or very close to minimum wage. Or under minimum wage: Amazon Mechanical Turk [1]. Which is below the minimum wage of a lot of countries (at the very least the entire Western world as we know it) [2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazon_Mechanical_Turk [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_minimum_wages_by_count... I got 3 backpacks. One large one which I bought for Scouting almost 25 years ago. It still works. I don't know what brand it is. It cost about 150 EUR. I got two smaller ones. Both can easily hold a 2-3 kg MBP, and a lot more. Ones an Eastpak with lifelong warranty. It cost nearly 100 EUR. Another ones a ThinkPad backpad from around 2007 or so, also cost similar price. Both are awesome. The only disadvantage the ThinkPad one has, it screams 'I contain a laptop' ie. 'rob me!' My gf uses the ThinkPad one. I bought an e-reader raecently cause I CBA to carry large books around anymore. > For someone who never uses it, it's going to have some friction. Remember some people never used the previous init and logging systems. They're new to Linux or UNIX, they may be even young (and growing up with Systemd). Not just in this particular case but more broadly it is important to note there's going to be opponents who are used to X, Y, and Z and don't want to relearn or adapt. It is akin to the never ending progressive vs conservative argument. Just how large is the group though? Is there backwards compatibility? You see, I just use 3 Raspberry Pi's and I am apparently still able to use /var/log. >> they want to interact with it, own physical objects, and curate their own collection of music. > Some people want this. Yep, thanks for making that point. > Even in this... you are probably talking about a ridiculously small market. A minority are physical collectors. I'm not sure how small or large it is though, but I'm sure its a minority. Owning a copy doesn't mean you own the music anyway. Also of importance is that people who listen to music on the move (during sports or workout) really don't want to mix music. Streaming audio is a compromise between full on DJing and listening to radio in the sense that the listener decides what he or she is going to listen to. So they may very well make their own playlists. But one can also pick a pre-made playlist which makes it more akin to FM radio (and you won't make your playlist during sports / workout either). The difference is the far more wide choice. Thanks for the write-up. In case someone else wonders about what KCI means (as I did): Key Compromise Impersonation. > Absurdly enough, the room temperature doesn't have much to do with it, because the air condition is working at full throttle and my room is close to 80-82 Fahrenheit most of the time. Airconditioning, open windows, or bad isolation can cause an un undesired airflow. > The doctor told me that it's called Raynaud's phenomenon and that I'll have to figure out ways to deal with it. Wait, your doctor did not tell you how to deal with this? You're not paying anyone here for medical advice. For people who work behind a desk for 8 hours a day, 5 days a week I recommend the following: First of all, regular physical exercise. Its obvious but it has to be stated, and its even more so important if you don't do physical labour. Second, for office work the following advice (in no particular order: based on own experience, pomodoro techninque, plus local laws concerning this type of work): put an alarm on your smartphone or watch or equivalent device, set it to one hour. Every time the alarm goes off, you take a walk and do some stretches, total of min 3 up to 5 min (more will cause drama with coworkers and/or boss). If someone complains, you tell them that smokers get to smoke in the bosses time (thereby having a walk, good for their blood circulation; smoking itself obviously isn't good for blood circulation and if you do quit ASAP; consult your M.D. for aid) and you need a small walk to keep your blood circulation going. (Of course, you could also try to plan meetings or grabbing a coffee together with your walk & stretch, tho I don't recommend 6+ coffee during 8 hours of work.) During this downtime, you can think of whatever comes up in your mind. It is actually rather likely that more often than not you get inspiration during your downtime, but that is a useful byproduct not the main goal (this is called the diffused mode of thinking). Oh, and if someone laughs at you, know that when you're both elder you're the one who's laughing because you cared about your physical health throughout your working career. I mentioned this is partly based on pomodoro technique. Its a variation on it. If you're self employed, I actually recommend the pomodoro technique itself (ie. traditional pomodoro is 25 minutes of focus, with a 5 min break, and after 2 hours, a longer break (there are variations, worth looking into this further)). But if you're working for a boss or in a team then a small break after 25 minutes of focus is frowned upon. I believe its a productivity loss, but this is the way the status quo of work force generally thinks, sadly. There's some excellent pomodoro apps available for macOS, Android, iOS and surely also for other OSes and platforms. Like I said, alarm apps also work. Interesting. Is there a website with a database where people can claim which apps have been removed from the App Store just for historical sake, or to reference to? It is a rather long read about a specific topic. One could see it as a sign of respect of authority when the topic itself isn't discussed. At the very least the article isn't controversial. I'll admit I haven't read the full article. I quit during P2. It is TMI, extremely well detailed. I'd like to address the following two quotes from P1: > But today, with multiple zoom-levels, there’s plenty of room to show everything. Small businesses, apartment buildings, and even homes — no place is too small or too unimportant to be shown on today’s maps. Less is more. You don't want to show as much information as you can. The user does not want as much information as you can provide. This leads to information overflow. A user wants relevant information. It is up the developers of the app to decide for the user what information they want. A way to do this, is to change it based on zoom. However, beyond that, the information could be drawn from a variety of factors, likely aided my ML/AI. For example, take method of transportation. Is the user in a car (as passenger, or driver), or is the user cycling, or is the user using the metro, or bus? Another variable could be is the user new to this environment? or yet another: who is the user? ASL? Student? Income? Coffee drinker? Interested in a coffee right now based on previous habits? Etc Google knows those details much more accurate. They're after all an advertising company specialised in data gathering company. They also may know what the user is not interested in based on profiling and behaviour. This gives Google a clear edge in this field. (But I believe Apple will follow Google's footsteps in becoming more oriented in user data -perhaps, even do a better job, too; we'll see-) > The “POI” is dead — because today, every place is of interest. For the developer perhaps, but certainly untrue for the user. If you take Google Maps, it appears to prioritise transit information. Apple Maps doesn't. That makes Google Maps a better use case if you're interested in public transport. Google Maps very recently (14 jan update) pushed a new version of Google Maps with native Uber support which gives them yet another use case functionality. If their goal is marketshare and then profit, then step 2 is raising the price. Be it slowly (so it is less apparent to avoid bad publicity) or quick (guaranteed uproar, but only once). An alternative theory could be their business case is related to "Xiaomi Can Silently Install Any App On Your Android Phone Using A Backdoor" [1]. One could come up with a theory their business case is related to that kind of behaviour. Ie. a front for Chinese government. [1] https://thehackernews.com/2016/09/xiaomi-android-backdoor.ht... '3rd party' is rather vague in this context. At least to me it is. Perhaps its more clarifying to say the usage of any networking required is out of the question. E.g. you should be able to use a diceware application on a laptop which is completely off the grid. Which phone? If it is Android, you could root it and use the same commands. Else, if you don't want to root or are using iOS there is software available for LastPass and 1Password. > We can't do anything about Google though. Yes, we can! Don't use Google, or use certain settings in the applications which enhance your privacy. The default settings are not always the best settings for the user. Don't use Google Search. Use a search engine which respects your privacy such as the scraper DuckDuckGo (DDG). Don't use Gmail. Use an e-mail provider which doesn't scan through your e-mail. Where you got IMAP access. Use a device where you can use GPG. Or use alternative methods of communication. Don't use Google Maps. Use a maps application which respects your privacy such as OpenStreetMap or (arguably) Apple Maps. Don't use Google Fit. [...] And so on, so forth. Ask yourself the following: do I really need this? The answer is often: "not really." You have the option to use neither. If the choice is Android or iOS you pay more for iOS devices but your privacy generally suffers less. [Ignoring the option of dumbphones] there's a third option: don't take your phone with you. It is a choice to take your Android or iOS device with you. Among others, Bruce Schneier wrote about this in his book Data And Goliath. > Tomorrow, if all the car/tv manufacturers started doing this, what choice do you have? No, the option is not "do not use cars/tv" Supply & demand. If there is demand for dumb TVs and dumb cars, this supply will (eventually) be met. Vote with your wallet. Also, do not forget the second hand market for cars. This one's huge. There's still TVs and cars available which are dumb. There's still laptops available without Intel ME. > This is the situation we find ourselves with email (all email providers mark any other email as spam). What are you on about? Why not? There's loads of options. Some examples include uBlock, NoScript, /etc/hosts Your cat or your dog may not understand your language, but they very well do understand the tone you say things. (If not, at the very least you can teach them this.) Cats themselves know very well how to whine, and with some logic applied you understand what the cat is whining about. For mine its either: "I want (your) food", "I want you to clean my cat box", or "I want to go outside". Hence, combined with what's happening, you're likely to get to a common understanding. > After a decade of marriage, if things go well, you don’t need any more proof. What you have instead — and what I would argue is the most deeply romantic thing of all — is this palpable, reassuring sense that it’s okay to be a human being. Because until you feel absolutely sure that you won’t eventually be abandoned, it’s maybe not 100 percent clear that any other human mortal can tolerate another human mortal. The smells. The sounds. The repetitive fixations on the same dumb shit, over and over. Even as you develop a kind of a resigned glaze of oh, this again in, say, marital years one through five, you also feel faintly unnerved by your own terrible mortal humanness. Marriage, yawn. No. Marriage is not the factor. The factor is the moment you consider each other 'together'. In 2017, the decision of wether you are together or not is not anymore 'marriage'. That hegemony, as dictated by [Christian] religion, is gone. Also, what is being described doesn't necessarily take 10 years of marriage. From what I gathered you're (madly) in love for max 2 years, and then (right before those 2 years are passed) the hormones produced and amounts of them change in amount and it becomes a different kind of love. A caring kind of love. With sometimes references, filled with nostalgia, to those first 2 years. I would describe it as 2 years of wild fun, and then that forms the basis of getting the thing to work between the two of you. Also, the following specific statement: > Because until you feel absolutely sure that you won’t eventually be abandoned Is interesting because people are going to die eventually. There are 4 possibilities here: 1) Your significant other dies first 2) You die before your significant other does 3) You die together 4) You split up (called divorce in case of marriage) before one of you or the both of you die. Of note here to #1 and #2 is that women on average live longer. Of note of #3 is that this is highly unlikely, but it does happen, usually in the form of accidents. Why is this relevant? Because apart of option #3 (which is very rare) there's going to be a time where you are alone once more. You don't know the details about this beforehand. For example, you don't know who is going to live alone. You don't know when this is going to happen. You don't know how you are going to die, or how your partner is going to die. Because of this its not concrete, and hence ignored. It does however mean that you can never feel absolutely sure that you won’t eventually be abandoned which contradicts the quoted sentence. I'm aware of a different theory. A relationship (and a friendship) is a balance of plus and minus. There are things you like about each other, and there are things you don't like about each other. The good is a long list. The bad are things you can handle. If something happens which you want to put on the bad list, you need to make it up with things on the good list. From what I read, it has to be 10:1. For some people the fuel is gone, and they part ways while for others they feel so sure the balance is good they realise they're not going to part by force of incompatibility. Meanwhile, you get those references of nostalgia which retrigger the hormones from the first two years. There are adblockers for iOS, but not for old versions of iOS and I think 32 bit versions of iOS don't work with it. IIRC Apple has allowed it since 9.0. > I keep hearing that, I just never see it. There are a lot of things nobody wants which corporations push in unison because they want them. And that's not even accounting for the meddling of the marketing department, which does matter. [In my reply I'll be mostly specific to TVs. Cars is -at least for me- a more complex topic due to AI which I don't want to argue against because I am reluctantly positive about this development (I do realise the privacy issues). Its also a lot higher in price than a TV, which makes the risk/reward higher.] 1) The smart TV is a relatively new phenomenon (to me, I'm in my 30s and I grew up with CRT monitors, I suppose for someone who's 15 it doesn't feel this way). I don't own a TV, but when I bought a TV for my mother back in 2010 it was a dumb TV. Its still being in use, and it was made smart via a Chromecast (but it can be made dumb). My point is: the old supply hasn't dried up yet. Dumb TVs are still in use. 2) Part of the supply is met via the second hand market. If you don't see that, you are not trying hard enough. Go to eBay, type in a brand of a car made in 90s or 00s or fill in ThinkPad T61 or fill in a type of an old TV and off you go. 3) We're also seeing a conversion from TV being less relevant, due to streaming and Internet. This is akin to radio replaced by audio streaming, or PC replaced by tablets and smartphones. It may very well be that people use a dedicated TV less. In other words, I argue that there's less demand for TVs. (Which is why TVs are made more 'useful' by making them smart.) 4) The dumb TV is already here. It has a better refresh rate, and low ms than a traditional dumb TV. This dumb TV is called a 'monitor'. This is what I actually use as my current TV (I lied when I said I didn't have a TV, but its technically an 7+ year old monitor with a TV module. Its 24", and we barely use it). So in short conclusion, concerning the dumb TV: 1 & 2) The replacement is relatively new and the customer has to learn the + and - of the newer version. The old supply hasn't dried up. 3) Demand has shifted. Customer perceives a smart TV as more capable. 4) Other product -still being actively made- satisfies demand. I have no reason to doubt that supply & demand doesn't work in this specific market. Furthermore, you might want to take a look at importing from Asia. There's a relatively new market with a large supply of options over there. > If the general public regularly changed their habits out of principle, Windows would have been displaced by Linux in the 90s and the banana and diamond industries would be dead or dying. My argument has never been that the general public at a whole changes something out of principle. Some of us may, most will not. Sadly you're right on that account. My argument was that if there is a demand for a product this will (eventually) be met by supply. I don't know anything about the banana industry. I do know that Windows is from the former monopolist Microsoft. I was there when the Halloween documents got released into the wild. The diamond industry is a former monopoly as well (De Beers). The diamond industry furthermore has the advantage of tradition. However according to [1] "Synthetic diamonds sold as jewelry typically sell for 15-20% less than natural equivalents, but the relative price is expected decline further as production economics improve." A-ha we got incentive right there: a price of 15-20% of the natural counterpart which is going to drop further over time! What makes you believe this competitor is irrelevant, unable to compete with natural diamonds? I see the exact opposite. So we have two incentives now: the principal, ideologic one (sadly usually doesn't fly; we agree there) and a money one. Diamonds lose their value the moment they're bought. There's no second hand market for them. It is a stupid investment. If you can save 80-85% on a stupid investment that seems like a pretty good incentive to me. > It doesn't work that way, and it's unrealistic to assume it ever can. If we're talking about monopolies, no, but those monopolies stay monopolies due to lack of government intervention and because the wheels of justice grind slowly. Microsoft eventually got what they deserved by courts, and they failed to compete with the successors of the PC which ran the 'children' of Linux and macOS (Android and iOS). Microsoft even had to change their business model, giving away Windows 10 and focusing on advertising instead. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synthetic_diamond#Gemstones Programming with or without WYSIWIG? Before you shell out more money, are you sure the problem cannot be solved by better keybinds and/or a better UI? A TV has lower refresh rate and higher ms thereby increasing input lag. This is especially annoying during gaming. I use a 15,4" MBP with 2880 x 1800 resolution. Without the keybinds I use it'd be a hell though. On work we use 3x 27" monitors. But I could easily work with two (due to WYSIWYG) or one (if no WYSIWYG). You can run a version of Android without Google ("Google Mobile Services") on FP2. This is called Fairphone Open OS [1]. [1] https://code.fairphone.com/ > I'm sorry, but I see a categorical difference between a partner's death, and abandonment. > Maybe others don't, but in my categories the latter implies at least deliberacy, if not malice. I don't see it as either one way or the other. They share similarities, but I agree they also have differences. Intention is an example of a difference. Deaths, as by disease, is generally not predictable. What they have in common is both are on first glance painful, and negative. That's a matter of coping and adapting. Human beings don't do that beforehand though. How did you accomplish this without an external program? > I think Microsoft forgot about developers for a while. The Windows 8 timeframe wasn't a great time to be a Microsoft developer. Microsoft wasn't thinking much about web developers during their monopoly of Internet Explorer. Or, well, they might've had thoughts. But no love. > How much truth is there, to this statement i.e. "young Spaniards with PHDs are serving as Waiters in London or Berlin." Anyone? Plausible. Wage is higher in London and Berlin. As others put, unemployment among youth is very high in Spain. Finally, Europeans grow up speaking English as secondary language thanks to computers/IT. (For Civ players among us: smell the cultural victory?) Also, if you apply for social benefits in NL you need to apply for one job a week and give proof about this to the government. You need to accept any 'socially acceptable work' regardless of your education (no, won't involve prostitution, but it can surely involve low wage jobs such as garbageman, waiter, or clerk in a store). If you went for a PhD in philosophy (not much money in that field), that is entirely your choice. Its also entirely possible you're unable to find a job right after you completed your education if that education isn't in high demand (if your PhD is tech-related you have nothing to worry). Except when job recruiters demand you have certain 'experience in the field'. Then you're screwed regardless. Its not that TV is smarter; it had to catch up. SUN used to say the network is the computer. Everything is both nowadays. The consumer/customer can use any device with internet (PC, laptop, tablet, phone) to watch a TV series a few hours (?) right after or even during broadcast. Those devices can also be used to watch YouTube and all the other streaming platforms whereas a traditional TV can't. I wouldn't assume malice. I suppose the thought was "wait, what. More functionality than TV? We can compete with that." Except that these onboard 'computers' on TV are weak, and profit margins are apparently too low to increase that. Which means you end up with something similar as the mess of Android. Devices with firmware too expensive to maintain. Like I said, I use an old monitor as TV. My personal belief is TV as we know it is dying. We're going to see a merge of monitor and TV soon (with monitor capable being a TV) and the elder will be able to watch TV the traditional way. But youth generally don't. This means funding of public broadcast TV like BBC in UK and NPO in NL will get cut. Its a downward spiral, already set in process long ago in 90s. Disclosure: I'm not from USA though. Not saying you're wrong but the goal of advertising is not necessarily a direct, short term effect of increase in sales. It could be brand recognition, which can be activated via subliminal messaging. E.g. "I heard of you before but I don't quite remember where". I'd also say that's good. If a customer found a product from a review site, that means the customer is an informed subject who is convinced they're buying the right product. Discussion fora is more of a toss up as quality and premises of discussion can be anything really. Re: article. The screencast (that's how that's called, right?) shows 'this visitor scrolls different' and claims that is how a mobile user scrolls. But that is also how a trackpad (laptop) user who skims through the content scrolls. Basically, its how one 'scans'. Scanning is useful to determine if content is interesting. Anyway. Its also possible we are talking bots here. Is this possibly the effect of Ad Nauseam [1]? [1] https://adnauseam.io > Let's be honest - internet users are cheap. They want stuff for free. There are 3 problems with this statement. 1) There is a lot of free content, easily found, and content gets more rapidly out of date nowadays. Paid content must deal with this (newsworthy, in depth competition). 2) Your view is US centric; the vast majority (read: not all) of internet users from other countries generally have less money to spend. 3) The cost of loss of privacy is indirect, therefore hidden, and US companies generally get away with it. This is why data mining is currently profitable. In order to solve #3 shit must first hit the fan, to increase awareness. #1 is solved by collectively putting the high quality content behind paywall. #2 can in theory be solved by globalisation in long-term. Short-term, dynamic price makes sense, but it makes #1 & #3 worse. Let me quote the rest of your statement: > [...] They want stuff for free. And if site A starts charging, they will jump ship to site B, until eventually it's a race to the bottom. Agreed, except for example for (local) newspapers who also provide online access as part of their sub. Global newspapers have more competition. Especially given the widespread English language. > Ads seems to be the only model that works (thus far). For Google, yes. For privacy, no. In apps on an unrooted Android device, yes. On recent iOS and desktops, no (the latter 2 due to ad blockers). Also, streaming media such as Spotify proves a subscription in a new market (not newspapers) can work. Netflix proves it for video. > And recently Mozilla's Brendan Eich is doing Brave, with bitcoin micropayments. I'd love to see it gain traction, but I don't see it going mainstream. Not yet a final, stable non developer version released AFAIK. Also, Eich is no longer part of Mozilla. Learning How To Learn by Barbara Oakly on Coursera https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn It teaches you fundamentals of how the brain works, and how to improve your learning. It is free. Those three factors make it a great first course. Cryptography I by Dan Boneh on Coursera https://www.coursera.org/learn/crypto I actually can't recommend it to everyone because I didn't complete it and I just wasn't intelligent enough on the material to complete it. This requires one to be good with advanced maths, and I got migraine issues from this (same as with advanced maths in my youth). However it is very well explained. The problem was me, not Dan Boneh's course. Positive Psychology by Barbara Fredrickson https://www.coursera.org/learn/positive-psychology My significant other completed this course (I have not tried it yet), and highly recommends it. Its on my list. Securing Democracy by J. Alex Halderman https://www.coursera.org/learn/digital-democracy I thought I was interested in this subject, and I was to some extend, but I was not enough interested to follow the course to the end. However the course as far as I took it was excellent. Terrorism and Counterterrorism: Comparing Theory and Practice by Edwin Bakker https://www.coursera.org/learn/terrorism I didn't complete this course either but it was interesting and good nonetheless. There are just a few of the courses I can recommend, and it doesn't contain the one I'm currently one because I haven't completed it yet (will likely include it once completed). There's also courses I cannot recommend (it also depends on the audience). I will resort to the positive angle though wink . One thing I got from the courses is that it is OK to not complete a course. You can regard it as time waste which is fair enough. My goal is not to get a certificate though. That's merely a byproduct. My goal is to learn (which is a process), to satisfy my taste for knowledge. However Coursera changed its terms of usage last years and ever since I used the platform less. > Rather that because maps now have dozens of zoom-levels (as opposed to just 1 with paper maps), they can show all sorts of things that wouldn't have been included before. Things like houses, small businesses, etc. Things that would've never been on a paper map. Yes, I got that point, but I think my counterpoint was stronger. Perhaps I'm odd, but a POI which doesn't have my interest is not a POI . If I'm in Paris, and I have no interest in seeing the Eiffel Tower, then the Eiffel Tower is not a POI for me. It may very well be one for other people, and I respect that, but I've seen the damn thing on multiple pictures already (I've seen it IRL as well). So from a technical PoV the POI is dead because everything can be a POI? This suggests the developer believes more is better. Whereas when I looked at Google Maps reducing the amount of information I get the impression they realise less is more . The default should not matter. Do the default search results on Google Search matter? Given the rise of the bubble, less and less. I hope the same can be true for Google Maps and Apple Maps. At the same time, we must be careful to regularly think outside of our bubbles, or look into the bubbles of others (e.g. your wife's, son's, aunt's, etc). Discord also has this advantage. > MMORPG should be left for the kids with enough spare time to raid 4+ hours a day. 4 hours a day raiding is bullshit. Most guilds raid 12 hours or so a week. The very competitive guilds traditionally only raid a lot in first 2-3 weeks (w/first week being split farm). They take time off work/uni then. Sco, for example, from best guild Method, is a Scottish fellow who worked in finance for various years (he's now full time earning money with his guild). With Legion, its the stuff outside of raiding which takes up a lot of time. The endless grind of artifact power, legendaries, and rare epic upgrades. It is possible to play casual though. I raid 6 hours a week (less than 1 hour a day), and out of 10 we're only 2 bosses behind on Mythic (the toughest difficult). With the last boss being exceptionally hard. How does a non tabletop RPG player meet other (potential) players? FYI: Although I suppose everyone every once in a while is surprised about the way their posts are moderated on HN and other websites (if they notice, that is) it is annoying when people complain about downvoting. I just automatically downvote that. Sometimes what you state just isn't popular for the crowd who reads it and/or moderates it. Doesn't mean you are right or wrong. Just take a deep breath and give it a rest. EDIT: The guidelines say: "Please resist commenting about being downvoted. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading." https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html hence, nope, I won't change that unless someone who works for HN directs me to. I remember how long it took to release a stable version of Mozilla and Mozilla Phoenix. In the meantime, had to recompile newer releases all the time manually. There was no alternative browser on Linux or *NIX for that matter (OK, macOS still had MSIE). The successor of Netscape Communicator was Mozilla (IIRC it was just called that, later renamed Mozilla SeaMonkey), and the successor of Netscape Navigator was Mozilla Phoenix (later renamed Mozilla Firebird and eventually Mozilla Firefox). Firefox and Thunderbird were once again separate clients. Mozilla was still considered bloated, but Phoenix was far less bloated which is nice on lower RAM machines, and allowed the start of Web 2.0. It was also the return of doing one thing and doing it right: browsing the WWW. As Netscape Communicator (unlike its predecessor, Netscape Navigator) came with a Usenet client and e-mail client. Later in development, addons became a thing, and you could add features which were previously part of Netscape Communicator such as calendar, HTML editor, etc. You can also add such features with addons to Mozilla Thunderbird. Then Google Chrome happened, and people switched to that, but I'm not entirely sure why. Probably unsafe to use by now, since not updated and full with vulnerabilities. > I used Nylas for a while and really liked it, until they they forced everyone to pay $7 per month to use it. Sorry, but that isn't a fair way of describing what occurred. Nylas is a startup, trying to figure out a business model which works for them. You're not yet forced to pay. If you had a Nylas ID back when Pro was announced you got a gratis year of subscription. Now, they released a gratis version once more, called Nylas Mail, which is also open source. The backend is also open source. What this means is that they've adopted a freemium model, and you got approx half a year to still enjoy your Pro license. I haven't done a feature comparison between Mozilla Thunderbird (which I know is not everyone's preference but was my previous cross platform e-mail client), Nylas Mail, and Nylas Pro. If anyone knows one, please share. My main concern is the backend being hosted in US by a US corporation. I don't like my data being hosted by US corporations, on US soil, and I recommend non US-citizens/residents to care about this. The headline and article currently being linked are not news anymore. The article currently being linked links to an article by The Register. It is more informative and newsworthy, and an adequate summary of the original source. There are two original articles, posted directly by the Dutch Police (in Dutch). One from 13 Okt 2016 [1] and one from today, 17 Jan 2017 [2]. The news of today is that the Dutch police have contacted the 20.000 people who have [possibly] been a victim of cybercrime based on an investigation on the news they published October 2016. Note that it is sure that some of 20.000 have been victim of cybercrime ie. there are for certain victims. The only thing I don't understand is where they got the "thousands of websites" part from. I couldn't find that part in the original sources. Seems its made more clickbait. The only "thousands" in the articles from the Dutch police is this: "Daarop zijn duizenden inloggegevens van mensen aangetroffen." which means thousands login credentials of people were found. The older article also speaks of "Honderden slachtoffers in cybercrime-onderzoek" which means "hundreds of victims in cybercrime inquiry". This is a good example of how news becomes clickbait through improper translation. [1] https://www.politie.nl/nieuws/2017/januari/16/01-politie-ben... [2] https://www.politie.nl/nieuws/2016/oktober/13/01-honderden-s... I'm sorry to hear about your problem with the transition. Did you attempt to contact customer support about this? My experience was I received a coupon via e-mail at june 15 2016. I upgraded the same day. But I also still use other e-mail clients to access my mail e.g. from my phone. So I would not be locked out of my e-mail if Nylas quit working that same day. It is not absurd. A normal e-mail client doesn't suffer from this issue. Only if the user is hosting their e-mail traffic inside the US. You may think that's true for everyone, but that is your own bubble or tunnel vision. Say, you are working at the EP (European Parlement). You use Mozilla Thunderbird for your e-mail. Some of the e-mail you receive is internal from your party. The SMTP and IMAP server is hosted in your European country. Then, one day you switch from Mozilla Thunderbird to Nylas N1. Suddenly, your e-mail is not hosted in the EU anymore, and the US government can use a NSL to read your private data. You may not give a rat about this (and if you're from US I can fully understand), that's your discretion. Others do, and their viewpoint is not 'absurd'. > Which supported service is not already running in the USA and subject to NSLs? Any SMTP and IMAP server not hosted in the USA. You know, you don't have to use Gmail. (Nylas Mail doesn't suffer from this problem. Only a few features still require Nylas servers.) CEO is still the same. Presto developers have been laid off. I don't know, its hard to describe how much Opera-when-they-still-made-their-rendering-engine-inhouse is or is not Opera-using-webkit-and-bought-by-Chinese. I prefer this quote by Bruce Schneier. FTA: > How serious this is depends on your threat model. If you are worried about the US government -- or any other government that can pressure Facebook -- snooping on your messages, then this is a small vulnerability. If not, then it's nothing to worry about. First of all thank you for making Nylas Mail, keeping it both free and open source. It takes courage to have such a free client competing with your commercial product. Also, thanks for developing the backend within Nylas Mail so a user can easily run the client without depending on a backend with SMTP/IMAP credentials hosted within the USA. Have you considered an iOS or Android version client? Why? Is the backend within Nylas Mail still in Python? Isn't this inefficient, performance wise? The backend speaks SMTP, IMAP, and HTTP. It is basically a glue (or proxy) between SMTP/IMAP (including those protocols over TLS) and HTTP. Nylas Pro talks HTTP to the glue (I assume that is using TLS, so HTTPS). Nylas Mail also talks HTTP to the backend, but the backend runs locally, so you're self hosting the backend. I suppose this has a performance loss. (With Nylas Pro, you can set a separate backend server if you desire but that requires work. That is a really cool feature for a business though.) So I would assume you are hosed. The passwords need to be stored plaintext. See my post above where I explain monitor and TV are competitors. A monitor made nowadays is a dumb TV (and, much more, but not a smart TV). Kobo Aura One. Bit more expensive yet high quality. Preview on macOS is also good. EDIT: I don't know, when that review was written the device was just released. The device received various firmware updates since then. I convert everything to EPUB with Calibre. There are standards for calendar. iCal/CalDAV. Here is a free server [1]. Nextcloud can be hosted via HTTPS, too. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calendar_and_Contacts_Server > Nobody's made micropayments work (yet?). Blendle [1]? I guess it depends on how you define 'work'. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blendle Perhaps show the NFO, or parse link to IMDB from NFO and link to that? You can also scrape NFOs to make genres and type of media (games, applications, audio, video, and subgenres of these). I never see any banners on Imgur. I block banners. What Extratorrents and The Pirate Bay do tho seems to be something akin to clickjacking. I click on a link to a torrent search result (or a download link), a tab opens, and it immediately closes. Rest assured this generates them money. Here's a better version. I'd e-mail it, but I don't use PGP... [Feel free to change do not to don't. Torrents and Javascript may be capitalised or not.] This is a clean, ad-free, privacy focused torrent search engine. Like Google/Yahoo but just for torrents (at least for now). This project is still under heavy development. Feedback is welcome, please report any problems or bugs. We do not track users in any form and therefore. We do not use cookies or javascript in any form. We do not sell any data to anyone. The entire project is maintained up to date by smart software. Manual intervention is limited but still there. Every hour hundreds of new torrents are discovered and made available for search purposes. This is currently in beta testing. You can send feedbacks or report any problems to admin (at) skytorrents.in. Note: Any mails which do not use PGP are discarded by automated software. Tangible/easy mirroring of the torrent database? Then again, DHT wouldn't go down. You seem to basically post the same when the topic of depression comes up. Multiple times this week. Can be easily verified by clicking on your name, and then comments. Our previous discussion on this is here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13290295 I agree about mindfulness. However you provide no information on your LSD claim. There's no way one can "educate themselves about everything" on any subject this is CYA. There's no proof of a "spiritual dimension" this is not science; this is new age poppycocks rhetoric. I still recommend the things I recommended in my previous post (I recommend the reader to read it). Apart from yoga, as well as running, and sunlight (especially in the summer since you build up the vitamin D in the summer). For winter depression I would love to recommend a high lux light lamp, but I personally haven't read any good research wether this works or not or wether it is placebo effect. It is quite plausible. Meditation can trigger a psychosis (or delirium). For most people, not likely (the likeliness is not akin to LSD which besides that a trip on LSD is akin to a [positive] psychosis), but it is possible and you hearing about it for the first time is not a valid way of assessing this likelihood. The likeliness is increased if the user is addicted to certain drugs, and quit cold turkey, without decreasing the dosage. This can for example happen with alcohol. How you perceive a (depressed) person doesn't accurately describe how they perceive themselves. Humor can be part of the façade, the mask. > Personally, I've found small doses of LSD having better, longer lasting improvement and causing less side effects than antidepressants. The first time you take an anti depressant your doctor will not recommend you a full dose. The first time you take a stimulant your doctor will not recommend you a full dose. I know readers here sadly won't consult their doctor on LSD or marihuana. The first time you take LSD (or psilocybine mushroom, or marihuana), and the first time you take it within a long time, do not take a full dose. Example: the first time I used psilocybine mushrooms I used 5 gram (out of a full dosage of 30 gram). I almost fell asleep due to it, in bath, and almost drowned, had it not been for the fact I put the tub only half full. I had no sitter either (that was my first stupidity - always get a sitter; a sober, mature person who watches over you and who preferably is an expert on the drug). (Legal disclaimer: I used this drug when it was still legal in my country. It no longer is. I don't recommend breaking the law.) There are also much lighter drugs than either of these. Amanita muscaria (fly agaric), for example (the same still applies, small dosage first). However I don't recommend a random person to pluck this in the wild. You need to be trained in order to recognise them as there are deadly poisonous lookalikes luring. Listen, it is not occurring a lot (not as much as bad trips on LSD or mushrooms), but it _is_ possible. Don't forget some people have real mental (and heck, physical) disabilities which are affected by drugs as well as medication as well as meditation. Meditation is that powerful. As is (long term) dancing, for that matter. Also, this wasn't about ordinary meditation. This was about long term meditation. Quoting: > "[...] during a mindfulness meditation retreat last weekend [...]" Retreat is the keyword. This person was meditating full stop, like going on Vipassana course. That is not the same as someone doing mindfulness for 30 minutes at home and feeling at risk a psychosis occurs. The example I gave you about withdrawal symptoms occurring during a retreat are also plausible. You have to stay sober in such a retreat. Coffee? Alcohol? Marihuana? LSD? Cocaine? Heroin? Forget about all that. If you sign up for Vipassana, you need to specify what kind of drugs you have used, what kind of medication you have used, and your mental/physical disabilities. Some people however decide to lie about that. Bad idea... > and between species (mice grow tumors if I give them a ton of X, so humans will too if they consume a tiny fraction of the amount per unit of body weight). Not only that, but to add to the injury using mice or rats which are known to be sensitive to growing tumors due to factor X (which is henceforth completely ignored, and fails to be mentioned). Sad, very sad. I wasted a lot of energy & focus in my life on this. I gave you on two accounts withdrawal symptoms from drugs as example. Surely, you can find scientific information on that. You'd be right that is not the direct result of mindfulness or meditation, but it is indirect result, and since e.g. Vipassana retreat enforces a no drugs an no medication policy it can occur (exceptions can be discussed beforehand though). We also know that there are people with mental disabilities who are being untreated. Some of those people are sensitive to psychosis, and are at risk f.e. when induced by stress. I myself had a psychosis due to stress (not drugs, not meditation, not medication; I wish it was any of that, but it wasn't; it was stress). Also, I'm not really sure if such would be reported. Not every psychosis gets documented by doctors. Mine wasn't, because I did not even dare to go outside (light hurted me, severely). I could barely speak. I only drank water for weeks. Barely ate. Bills were piling up. You get the idea. FWIW, I found this after 3 minutes of searching with DDG: "In 1994, the “Glossary of Culture-Bound Syndromes” of the diagnostic manual of the American Psychiatric Association states: Qigong psychotic reaction: A term describing an acute, time-limited episode characterized by dissociative, paranoid, or other psychotic or non-psychotic symptoms that may occur after participation in the Chinese folk health-enhancing practice of qigong. Especially vulnerable are individuals who become overly involved in the practice." http://kktanhp.com/kundalini.htm I also found 2 min later: https://www.reddit.com/r/Meditation/comments/4dahe9/my_exper... Which I'm not gonna quote from, and 3 min later: "A scarce literature exists on meditation and psychosis, and it contains cautions against teaching meditation to people vulnerable to (Yorston, 2001) or currently experiencing active symptoms of psychosis (Deatherage and Lethbridge, 1975)." https://contextualscience.org/system/files/Chadwick,2005.pdf Can't say I put a lot of effort in this. Yet I found this rather easily. TBH, I don't think you are trying hard enough. To me it appears it is not fitting your viewpoint so you just gave up quickly. You also ignore the points I made (see top of my post). He went to Hong Kong. In parent we can see you conveniently call that China, but that isn't the same. Besides, we have his word, and two (or three) witnesses who saw him destroy the content of the SD card. Oh, it does save the password. Oauth makes sense that there's no password saved. A unique key is saved which is authenticated with Google. If this key leaks, you are hosed, too, but at least you can revoke that key. I tried grep mypasswd ~/.nylas-mail/* and grep said Binary file shared.sqlite matches. This did not occur in ~/.nylas it makes sense and it is inevitable, a client like Thunderbird suffers from the same. It can be circumvented by saving the password encrypted and decrypting it using a master password. That is akin to how LastPass and Mozilla save their cloud data. Using containers etc would also lower the threat. In a way its good the password is saved locally. The engine also runs locally. It moves the threat model to the client, away from Nylas servers. Kudos. True, if you did not have a NylasID before May 1st 2016. > This is exactly the point I've been making, that the meditation itself is not to blame for these issues. Well, if the subject lied about their medical conditions, then the retreat has written proof of that. That's why you gotta fill it in (its also why visa waiver asks seemingly ridiculous questions). Its CYA; in this case so it is more difficult to sue them successfully afterwards. That also underlines there is a responsibility for the retreat provider(s). You cannot completely deny responsibility. The relationship between client (customer) and server (provider) is not equal here. The provider is the specialist; the client is not. > Thanks for the other links, I shall read them. Great. Be aware I spend 2 + 2 + 3 minutes on it just to prove there is research on this available. I didn't do an exhaustive search so I suggest you push the limit further in that regard. > Regarding Qigong: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qigong#Safety_and_cost I find it furthermore ironic you link to that subpart of the Wikipedia page and my browser shows in such a way in the middle of my screen the "Overview of clinical research" (which I read first) where it is written: "Although clinical research examining health effects of qigong is increasing, there is little financial or medical incentive to support research, and still only a limited number of studies meet accepted medical and scientific standards of randomized controlled trials (RCTs).[75]" and "A 2011 overview of systematic reviews of clinical trials concluded that "the effectiveness of qigong is based mostly on poor quality research" and "therefore, it would be unwise to draw firm conclusions at this stage".[3]" yet at the part you link to (which I was searching for in middle of my screen) it says "Qigong is generally viewed as safe.[74]" and "Although a 2010 comprehensive literature review found 77 peer-reviewed RCTs;[75] systematic reviews for particular health conditions show that most clinical research is of poor quality, typically because of small sample size and lack of proper control groups, with lack of blinding associated with high risk of bias.[3]" (Apart from the irony of my experience) this is clearly in contradiction with each other within the same article. Sorry, I'm careful. This article sums up why: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13423421 Dupe. Yesterday's discussion (title was incorrect): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13418169 Today's title is again slightly suggestive. There are 20k potential victims who have been notified. Of those 20k, some indeed have become a victim. But certainly not all. > Why is everybody driving in random lanes? You should only go into the outer lanes to overtake traffic And if you need to exit the road. Or if you think you need to Soon (tm). As someone else already put: in Europe you need to drive at the outer lanes (usually right, UK left lanes) if you're slow, and if you want to overtake traffic you move inward (usually left, UK right lanes) after which you should ASAP move back to the outer lane. Its logical that people from MIT try to emulate US traffic or even Massachusetts traffic though. > That seems the strangest of them all: "If the login fails, try stripping a character off the end and see if that matches". Not really. (The other ones aren't strange either, but I admit I have never heard of this practice .) If you have the password stored in Notepad and there's a space behind it. Or you already have a space behind it, and then entered it. Or it is a DOS document you copy/paste from. Quite common. But I suppose the other 2 are more common. > I swear...actually I swear an awful lot. Sometimes I say fuck, shit and bollocks all in one sentence. It's a big part of my vocabulary. > I also do not swear, for obvious reasons, in front of my three year old or any children for that matter. Again, it's just common sense. How often do you swear in public? Do you notice all the children around you? What if you're intoxicated? I find it more practical to always try and reduce swearing than in specific exceptions. Because that way you are used to not using those words. I assume you are referring to drinking alcohol. Are you saying we should never drink alcohol? Of your list, drinking alcohol in moderation is the one thing which is accepted in our Western societies. How do you do this on birthday parties? You quickly hide the booze when John & Mary with their 3 year old enters the party? I call bollocks. Drinking in moderation is the right example, even for young children. The amount of joy is worth the slight age/health loss. Keyword is moderation. Also, you forgot to bring up sex! > The dastardly lie of Santa and the general premise that innocence should be preserved instead of teaching them the truth of the world is one clear example of our strange interactions with our progeny. It breeds them so they get ready to accept the lie of [a] God (and a prophet). I, for one, want to raise my children to think critical of such folklore, religion, and cults (pretty much the same to me anyway). There is still only one reason to say he went to China instead of simply mentioning he went to Hong Kong: to deliberately inaccurately describe and deceive what happened ie. a political reason. Don't resort to such lame rhetoric. It won't fly here. Thanks for answering. You could give the application away for free with a sub, while saying to Basic users they gotta pay for it. The application Emby has the same model. I think its fair. Me, I don't want more subs (and I'm not a business user so probably not your market). But I'm fine paying a (high) one time fee for an application. You have no proof for any of your conspiracy claims. > I was born in a hospital run by Hyundai with equipments manufactured by Hyundai. The apartment block was built by Hyundai. Every morning, a bustling crowd of dads get into a Hyundai car, driving on roads paved by Hyundai, spend the next 14+ hours in Hyundai offices, factories, shipyards. If you were not of conscription age you were attending a school built by Hyundai reading a textbook funded by Hyundai justifying the sacrifice of millions of Korean labourers, now cast aside and shunned into a life of poverty. If you were due for military service the next 2+ years would be spent working in Hyundai built facilities and Hyundai Rotem (also built the Canada Line Skytrain in Vancouver) manufactured tanks. When you are finished you would return to your post-secondary studies sponsored by Hyundai with campus built by Hyundai subsidiaries. We called it, Republic of Hyundai, 7th largest city in South Korea. If you lived in Seoul, it was Samsung Empire. Reminds me the book Jennifer Government [1] by Max Barry. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jennifer_Government Eh, it is not at all a new feature. Lavasoft AdAware did this in the 90s, running on Windows 9x. Apparently Murus Firewall does it as well. Why not both, allowing different settings/selections? > Wine switched to LGPL due to other proprietary forks. Specifically, WineX aka Cedega A smartwatch as simple as a Pebble can run such an app already. For example, I authenticate with 2FA with e.g. Google & Facebook w/my Pebble. The problem is that I don't want to use my voice for commanding that much. It has privacy implications. First, obviously there is data being transmitted to a US corporation such as Google or Amazon. Second, there is analog audio data being transmitted. For example, that TOTP token generally stays valid for 30 seconds. In this window, an attacker could open the door right after you entered. I live in an apartment, and anything I say in the hallway can be heard by other people living on the same level as me while they are within their house (yep, terrible design). I do admit that in the privacy of your home such analog audio data works better than say in public via your smartphone. But then again, smartphone is a can of worms with more privacy implications such as screen easily being seen by bystanders and cameras (a smartwatch has the very same issue; Google Glass wouldn't!). For the phone, Google Home is an interface, and certainly not (yet) the primary interface. For Amazon Echo, Alexa is the interface. Bottomline, we need to think of these disadvantages (share our thoughts about them), and understand when they're too big to be a valid use case. > As I said elsewhere, it would be super cool to have such a thing for /etc, if you wack a config, debian wacks it, you upgrade, you then get all the features that an SCM system give you for merging. I dunno what Git gives you but BitKeeper does a kickass job of automerging and has a complicated but pleasant graphical file merge. Etckeeper [1] does this. There's also etcd, but that seems to be more akin to Puppet and Chef. Disclaimer: I've never used any of the mentioned software. [1] https://etckeeper.branchable.com/ > so its better for a job to not exist rather than exist without reasonable wage? This is quite obviously a false dichotomy. Its not necessary bad when a job doesn't exist (e.g. the job 'head of slave labour team' doesn't exist anymore), and the obvious best outcome appears to be a fair wage for a (therefore existing) job. Uber doesn't seem to follow local laws. For example [and this is really one of the many examples], in The Netherlands you need a license to drive a taxi which made UberPop illegal. Uber didn't care, they launched it anyway. This appears to be the modus operandus of Uber: shoot first, ask questions later. The way they try to get drivers for Uber as documented here (again, in The Netherlands, article in Dutch use Google Translate) [1], underpaying them after they're in, is also disheartening and only benefits Uber; neither the customers nor the drivers. So what Uber did there was invest in driving their competition away. Of course, people don't wanna pay for pennies, but that's why they have the Uber brand. They use this branding together with state of the art technology to get customers (workers and clients). The more this information gets out, the less victims Uber is able to make. [1] http://www.taxibelangen.nl/ervaringen-ex-uber-chauffeur/ > So its better that Uber didn't offer this job at all? Are you happy MLM jobs exist, or would you rather see them non-existent? Well said, and on top of that the pressure to deliver in a short amount of time is high. Which leads to taking risks in traffic. Sure, that might go well usually [deliberately not gonna make examples where it can go well], but there's still a higher risk than abiding the traffic law. You can actually read in the article that the reporter broke the law, on multiple occasions. One thing it has going for it is that as with a lot of jobs you get better with practice. You learn to take your breaks, you get better muscles (as with any physical labour job), etc. However, what happens if you retract a muscle one day? In a normal job you'd call sick, and in EU if you're on contract that means benefits. What we need is two things: one we need laws structured to make this type of self-employment illegal (since the relationship between contractor and contractee is clearly top-down, and requires near to no expertise), and two we need active enforcement of this law. > Which is it, and how can we improve? Minimum wage exists for a reason. Minimum wage is per hour. What we need is to have this type of employment to be illegal, and we need to have this actively enforced. I find it mind boggling it still exists, and I suspect it is because of illegal immigrants falling for it. Incidentally, that's also why the reporter was so easily hired: there's a huge demand for low paid workers, but actually this is illegal competition with minimum wage workers. If that cannot be worked with without increasing the cost of delivery the solution is very simple: increase the price of the food in combination with delivery. Let the customers pay a fair price for their food plus delivery instead. Someone should also look into Amazon Mechanical Turk. It has the very same issue we discuss, but it has a benefit (for Amazon): its not specific to the physical world (like delivery) and is world-wide, and therefore can also exploit world-wide. > Imagine someone here writing a post about a program to perform a mathematical operation. It gives the wrong answer. It takes ages to run also. But if you attach gdb, set a breakpoint and increment the necessary variables you can get the right answer. Won't surprise me if you can find this on Amazon Mechanical Turk. Also, on a related note, there's enough jobs in IT which are already low wage as it is. They might not read Breakit, but they might have internet access and might use Google where this article might get a high rank. This is also why internet access is important. Almost as important as having clothes, food/water, and a roof above your head. > So would you describe Sweden as a place with poor quality social safety nets? No, but a proposition like that doesn't address the details. Reading through this thread its clear that Sweden doesn't have minimum wage; they have strong unions instead (FWIW, I don't see how those are mutually exclusive). Problem is that unions are circumvented partly or completely by freelance constructions like the one we're discussing (another example would be MLM constructions). That needs to be addressed, by law enforcement or lawmakers (politicians). In order to achieve that, publicity like this may aid that goal. The 'at least they get paid' argument is the one also being used by those who order takeaway food, and those who buy blood diamonds, blood gold, and entire clothes industry alike. Nevermind the fact these people work in terrible conditions. Nevermind the fact these people work with chemicals which are unhealthy. Nevermind the fact these people ignore traffic regulations because they need to arrive on time. Nevermind the fact these people are children who go down in dangerous mines with gas which can also implode at any time. It is a fallacy. The real solution to the issue is far more simple: let those who desire takeaway food (or who desire diamonds, gold, or clothes) pay a fair price, so that the workers get paid a fair price. > As an example, modern Germany had a long tradition of welfare state combined with no minimum wage Welfare state as in? Having social benefits and minimum wage is not mutually exclusive. Furthermore according to Wikipedia [1] the minimum wage in Germany is 8.84 EUR. You might say, "that's Wikipedia, that's no reliable source!" No sweat, go click the link first. For this specific information (minimum wage in Germany) they provide links to an English AND German source. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_minimum_wages_by_count... > Minimum wage is just saying "if you can't produce at least $X of value per hour, you're not allowed to work at all". That's not fair. Non sequitur. Also, inaccurate. You can't _legally_ work if you can't produce $X of value per hour. Of course you can work; it'd just be illegal. The oldest profession in world is, after all, prostitution. And there's demand for that. Also, if you can find applicable work or not is not entirely up to the potential worker. That's supply AND demand. Which means you end up working illegally (in a what I'd argue is an uncivilized society) or you end up with social benefits (in a what I'd argue is a civilized society). Which means, following your logic: "if you cannot be profitable while paying your employees minimum wage a $X/hour, don't have that job available." In other words, if you cannot pay your workers a fair fee while delivering food, don't deliver food at all. But I guarantee you its profitable. Food has been delivered for many decennia. I remember as a child in the '80s we had a minimum order fee, a delivery fee, and a radius where orders were delivered to. Some companies still do that. Of course, we end up competing with migrant workers from less free areas in the world. But that does not mean we need to lower our standards to those of where those people come from. As a final note, its important that minimum wage laws exist because they're roughly the minimum means to an end in society. The minimum required to have food, a roof, insurance, and basics like an Internet connection. > What about the people who are unable to produce at least $X of value per hour? They don't matter? They get fired as soon as statistics show they don't meet their targets. We already have tons of those jobs in existence and the rise of technology only oversimplified this further. Case in point: a call center. Say the goal is you need to deal with X customers in an hour. That doesn't mean their problems are solved. And even if the problem is (seemingly) solved that doesn't mean their problems are solved in the best way possible. And yet, this is the basis of how call centers operate these days. What happens when people get fired? Well, in some countries you get social benefits and in some you don't but there's no country where those benefits are going to pay your bills AND allow you to enjoy any form of luxury. So what happens either way? They look for a new job. Preferably legal job, but if they can't, they resort to shady businesses. Grey areas. You know, like Uber*? > Guess that's not my idea of freedom. Freedom to me is what I can actually do, not what the government won't stop me from doing. Isn't that the good ol' BSD versus GPL discussion? Gun restriction versus gun liberty? The socialism versus libertarianism discussion? One's in favour of an enforceable mechanism (by law) which restricts the freedom of a person (or their behaviour) so that the freedom of all is ensured whereas the other one is some kind of "let the survival of the fittest" figure it out. Wikipedia has good information about tipping customs and laws in countries throughout the world. Here's the Swedish entry [1]. As a rule of thumb: apart from the English-speaking countries in EU, tipping is not mandatory. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gratuity#Sweden They work around that by calling these employees 'freelancers'. Which is of course bullshit since there's a top-down relationship, but these employees don't have the means (resources/info/money) to combat this in a court of law. The trick abused before was hiring people as interim, and then sacking them right before they had to be hired permanently by law. I know first hand even the government in The Netherlands did this in '00. However this still means these people need to get minimum wage (actually, more, since the employment agency also demands a cut). As you can see, the freelance trick is more lucrative. Ideally, in a free society, laws are upheld by police enforcement. Thieves would therefore be unable to sell their products to a pawnshop, and the pawnshop would be unable to fence these products. Of course, a society might fail with that goal but that doesn't make the goal invalid or non-existent. The comparison gets moot because you typically don't pick the company who delivers. You just pick whatever's cheapest or selected by default; instead, you pick where you order your food. Because that's the largest factor affecting the quality of the food. You'll have different segments indeed. Say we keep it simple and you got two: a luxury one and one for the (poor) masses. Most people won't be able to afford the luxury one, so they'll grab the cheap one. (The cheapest one is still either not drinking coffee at all, drink it at a place where its free ie. at work, or bringing your own coffee in a vacuum can.) Generally (the exception being catering to travellers such as a drive-in near a highway) you won't see a McDs in a rich neighbourhood, and you won't see a luxury restaurant in a poor neighbourhood. Neither the customers nor the workers live nearby. Also, don't forget people are loyal to brands. As a final note, I'd be rather interested to see which local brands have disappeared over the years, if that can be attributed to fast food businesses such as McD's. As for you not buying the view, that is exactly what was being described in the link with first hand experience from a taxi driver in The Netherlands (heavily regulated market by law) which I posted elsewhere [1]. [1] http://www.taxibelangen.nl/ervaringen-ex-uber-chauffeur/ > if you want to be healthy, remove unnatural things from your body (sugar, medicines, sitting too much, etc) You should not stop using medicine without discussing this with your MD. I said medicine; you should do the same with drugs. Some drugs should not be quit cold turkey. To name one, alcohol. Furthermore, the reason you should try to not use too many medicine, is because medicine (and drugs, and herbs) have side effects. So you (and your MD) need to think critical if the good outweighs the bad, and this should be reflected throughout the lifetime of the usage of the medicine. Because before you know it, you end up using medicine B, C, and D all because of side effects related to medicine A. As for 'unnatural', criley2 touched upon that subject; how do you define that? Is synthetic counterpart always worse than natural counterpart? I find such advice downright dangerous. Following that logic, St John's Wort is always better than a synthetic anti depressant. St John's Wort has its place (if standardised!), but it has a lot of contra indications. It doesn't work well with a LOT of other medicines and drugs. For example, it is dangerous if used together with an SSRI or with MDMA. Yet, if people follow the advice by this writer, they'd prefer to resort to a herb like this (perhaps not even standardised) because "its natural". I knew people who ate raw meat regularly, and had to be administered to hospital because of food poisoning. Yet refused, because the hospital wasn't 'raw food' enough. Don't tell me this "it has to be natural" bullshit. It stems from a fear of the unknown, technology or science. It claims to argue that only Earth and nature are good. I'm not buying that (I'm not buying the 'natural is bad' either though). What is good or bad for you has to stand on its own merit. Drawing the line between 'natural' and 'unnatural' (whatever that indeed might be) is a silly oversimplification. Don't buy into it! People who use it are trying to grab your money out of your pocket to make a run for it. > This is patently false unless you listen on bad audio gear (bad DAC, bad cans). Double blind tests suggest this is true for somewhere between 128 kbit and 256 kbit (256 kbit is CD quality, while 192 kbit is near CD quality, and the difference between 128 kbit and 192 kbit is miles compared to 192 kbit and 256 kbit; hence I suggest 192+ kbit. However, its 2017 and 320 kbit or lossless isn't a huge issue anymore; its even OK over 4G). Also, my quote is from 2000; ever since we swapped to LAME and ABR > VBR > CBR; ABR isn't even a static (constant) bitrate. Quoting r3mix.net from 2000: Facts: 128 kbit/s is not cd quality 256 kbit/s is cd quality (x) (in case of Lame or some Fraunhofer, not Xing) In february 2000 c't magazin organised a blind listening test. 300 Audiophiles were involved, finalists tested 17 1-min clips from different artists (classic and pop): original CD recording 128 Kbit/s Joint Stereo [MusicMatch (FhG) v4.4] encoded PC decoded Mac 256 Kbit/s Joint Stereo [MusicMatch (FhG) v4.4] encoded PC decoded Mac all on cdrs and played in a Recording Studio on: B&W Nautilus 803, Marantz CD14 with amp PM14 (Straightwire Pro cabling and extra's) [DM30000- so bit more than $15000] Sennheiser Orpheus Electrostatic Reference-headphones with tweaked accompanying amp (digital and analog out) [>$10000] Conclusions: 90% of the 128 Kbit material was picked out MP3@256 was rated to have the same music quality as cd! If you find MP3@256 to be of inferior quality compared to the original cd, you're very likely to be doing something wrong with the test (correct decoder, no objective double blind testing, DSP filters distorting the process, ...) Maybe this is something for you. You can always read the article in the german c't 6/2000 on p92. The treshold of mp3 transparency lies somewhere between 128kbit/s and 256kbit/s, depending on the kind of music and your hearing and equipment. Seems like an expansion of the profiling like service disguised as what you said. I'm from NL, and we had MH17 in 2014 (just for completion sake: the plane took off from Amsterdam, and crashed in Eastern Europe). More people died in that plane crash (298), than the amount of deaths from terrorism in that year or in 2015. The goal of terrorism is not merely killing people though. See also Revised Academic Consensus Definition of Terrorism (2011) [1] [1] http://www.terrorismanalysts.com/pt/index.php/pot/article/vi... Yet that didn't stop the Boston attacks. There are other plausible reasons to consider why terrorism has lowered in Western Europe: 1) IRA is dismantled. IRA and UK are at peace. 2) ETA is dismantled as well. That's more recently though. 3) The Iron Curtain is down. Its a well known fact Eastern Europe states were supporting terrorists such as Carlos and the RAF. In the 80s this became less feasible already. 4) Right after the Iron Curtain went down there were wars and new countries (eventually) born. After that, the region more or less stabilized. NB: This is merely my perception. Went to read your The Independent source (didn't read the other 3). Found: "An operation run by GCHQ, the British intelligence and security organisation, used interception warrants to monitor phones owned by individuals linked to the 2015 plot, it was reported." Whereas earlier you mentioned the panopticon. Well, the above has very little to do with mass surveillance. If anything, that just muds the water. It has to do with targeted surveillance. Which has a proven track record. I've yet to see the efficiency of mass surveillance in a direct relation to catching terrorism. > The security services have grown vastly more capable through experience and advancement in tech Can you objectively prove this? Specifically that its due to 1) experience 2) advancement in tech? Terrorists also gain experience. Terrorists also advance in tech. You do realize terrorist plots were foiled in the 70s and 80s as well? Minimizing (casualties from) terrorism is of all times. Yet the so-called 'vastly more capable' security services did not stop 9/11, Madrid, London attacks, Boston, or the attack on the USS Cole. All of that happened after mid 90s, arguably when mass surveillance was possible. What your posts continue to lack is any kind of substance on the positive effect of mass surveillance. The fact targeted surveillance is much older is a fallacy. However targeted surveillance has a proven track record. I've yet to see the efficiency of mass surveillance. I'll put my money on a lot of false positives, and a cat and mouse game where the mouse is going to adapt pretty quickly to the mass surveillance. In Belgium, for example, the government wants to have all SIM cards registered. All anonymous SIM cards will be disabled in a month. Hows that going to help catch terrorists? If not only for the fact anonymous SIM cards are still sold in the neighboring The Neherlands? Finally, as I posted in the other post, we must remember the main goal of terrorism is not (merely) 'killing people' [1]. So the statistic isn't accurately describing the 'effectiveness of terrorism'. [1] Specifically: "7. The direct victims are not the ultimate target (as in a classical assassination where victim and target coincide) but serve as message generators, more or less unwittingly helped by the news values of the mass media, to reach various audiences and conflict parties that identify either with the victims’ plight or the terrorists’ professed cause;" "“The government is clear that, at a time of heightened security threat, it is essential our law enforcement and security and intelligence services have the power they need to keep people safe. The internet presents new opportunities for terrorists and we must ensure we have the capabilities to confront this challenge.“" Your quote does not directly support mass surveillance. It might just as well be an argument for targeted surveillance. I got nothing against targeted surveillance (I'm a proponent for that). If it only were that simple. A large part of of the profession of counter terrorism is about spotting terrorists before they strike. The signal to noise ratio of just outright stopping helping refugees or allowing Muslims to enter just is too low, and downright discrimination. IOW the collateral damage would be too high. The casualties/deaths in these statistics alone underline this. One should also think deeply of the repercussions of actions like these, or actions like building walls, bombing a country, etc. As a parallel thought. The mass murder in Srebrenica was executed by Serbs; who are in large majority Orthodox Christian. The conflicts in medieval Europe between Catholics and Atheists, and Catholics and Protestants are also widely documented (Spanish Inquisition etc). It'd be silly to draw conclusions towards all Orthodox Christians or Catholics. Silly and also dangerous. How would you feel if you're on vacation in Egypt and every Muslim you see regards you as a warmonger, just because you are from the West and your country supported the war in Iraq? Generalizations like these are a dangerous line of thinking. We must refrain from these, and understand not everyone with political view X or religion Y is therefore A or B even if it does statistically speaking (merely) increase the likelihood. Which is why I suggest to STFU to the police. It is. In 2008 I downloaded 30 MB Firefox nightly on a ThinkPad whilst roaming in Serbia. Bad move. Set me back ~600 EUR. I didn't know this beforehand, but I was 'lucky' to struck a deal with Vodafone to cut the cost in half. Serbia isn't in EU though, and this was in 2008. That's what Little Snitch does as well. Its nothing new though. Layer-7 firewalls ("personal firewalls") have existed for desktop OSes for a while. I ran them in end of 90s on Windows 9x. Software such as ZoneAlarm, and there were others as well (IIRC LavaSoft had one, but not sure). Nowadays, Windows has one build-in. What exactly is he saying? Can someone translate? Bluestacks. Wikipedia entry here [1]. It works but it might have too much overhead for your needs though. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BlueStacks > That's true at the physical level of course. No, not really, this is way too simplified and is factually incorrect. Lets take the example of a pig. If you eat a pig you don't become a pig. Certainly not overnight. Here's a more factually correct analogy which does explain what happens: Whatever you throw in your stomach (engine) gets burned and becomes fuel. If you regularly throw in too much fuel, the engine becomes overburdened and you become overweight (+ other obesitas related diseases). That's a rather subtle but significant difference. > But this is also true that "you are the media you consume". The same is true here. Its not a A -> B process; the process is much more subtle, nuanced, and complex. E.g. here's also other aspects such as genes and personality which meddle w/the process. Its not just ads. SEO affects search engines like Google, putting shady businesses high in the search result (sometimes even #1). I've seen this first hand with my mother who needed a locksmith because the lock on her front door broke. The cost of 'repairing' was well over 500 EUR, and the lock wasn't repaired at all, it had to be completely replaced afterwards by a real locksmith which was legit but due to the damage the scammer caused was expensive a well. This is a known scam trick going on in The Netherlands, but probably just one of the many examples. What would be the steps you'd take when you receive the SMS "Bedroom alarm sensor has been tripped!"? ColdFusion wasn't always owned by Adobe. The software was developed by Allaire in 1995. Macromedia bought Allaire in 2001, and Adobe bought Macromedia in 2005 [1]. My memory is from end of '90s and it had a terrible track record back then, security-wise. Here's the current track record from '06 and onward [2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobe_ColdFusion [2] https://www.cvedetails.com/product/8739/Adobe-Coldfusion.htm... Well, to whom? Legally, only the owner, and they're using it to create debt. > Don't go to the US. Yup, or rather, try to stay within your own jurisdiction. Right now, SHA2017 [1] is going on in The Netherlands. There's also the CCC, Chaos Computer Congress in Germany. Besides that, there's also a Camp called CCC every other few years. Someone from the UK could've stayed in the EU, but didn't. [1] https://sha2017.org It was ~$2000 per sale, not total amount of sales worth $2000. I also question if the conversion of BTC worth was based on what it was worth back when the alleged crime was committed. Its larger than AlphaBay. See Operation Bayonet, which became public on july 20 2017: https://www.europol.europa.eu/newsroom/news/massive-blow-to-... Wikipedia might have more information as well. Regarding AlphaBay: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AlphaBay#Seizure_and_shutdown What I personally found interesting about the whole story (which was widely covered in Dutch media, since the police is (rightfully, IMO) proud of their accomplishment) is how the Dutch police were able to keep a darknet site called Hansa running for nearly a month after the servers were seized. The German police arrested the administrators, while the Dutch police moved the servers to Dutch territory, and made them operational again. They then tried to keep the site running, so they could analyse the logs, traffic, and visitors. Interestingly, the Canadian AlphaBay administrator was residing in Thailand and was logged in at that moment to keep the site running because there were some (artificial) technical difficulties. I'm curious how those were started. If you don't want to confiscate the server, but know where it is, it should be doable to -for example- do massive traffic shaping on the link to make it seem like there's a DoS attack. > In fact, this is hidden away all the way at the bottom of the terms and conditions! Or not bottom but slightly above the bottom, since people may skim through and read first and last part only as a matter of verification. > Exactly how is intentionally lying to your customers to the point that you can get them killed ethical? I suppose its a survival of the fittest, to get rid of those humans ignorant or poor enough to deal with this. Would it pass the Darwin Awards though? And don't make the mistake that this business practice goes right for an X amount of times. A scammer on eBay can have hundreds of positive feedback before his exit strategy. As for the "These guys totally have you covered." in the original article, I wouldn't want to do business with someone who's manner of first impression is to advertises themselves as a hardcore gamer, a dancer (with that stale face), and a beer drinker. Doesn't give me confidence at all! > sometimes caricatured as "when did you stop beating your wife". You misunderstood that one. You cannot answer yes to that question since it implies you were beating your wife in the past. You cannot answer no to the question since it implies you are still beating your wife nowadays. Hence the question requires an in depth answer. Another poster above wrote as example reply: "I have never beaten my significant other". That's a clear answer, and if you said that under oath and its found out you lied, you got one more issue on your plate. And that's the goal of the question: it forces the other party to increase accountability. Because the question provokes (or 'requires') an in depth answer like the example provided it is a good question in interrogation techniques, but also a good question to ask from the hands or mouth of a journalist (or interviewer). Which a blogger arguably is. If anything, if you read through the article, the blogger is actually quite friendly and sympathetic about the startup. It just turned sour after the vague, dodging responses. When you get such vague, dodging responses you are at the very least dealing with amateurs, and at worst with people who know very well what they're up to. Interesting, and I'm curious why its like that. The only thing being tested is 4k video though. More tests are needed beyond 4k. Case in point: I don't own a mobile Windows device so it doesn't matter to me. On my MBP (2880 x 1800) 4k wouldn't apply either. I'd run either XviD or DVD. Bit offtopic but still worth mentioning for future reference is that when you count seconds out loud, start from 21. What it does is this ensures the numbers are closer to 1 second duration because the amount of time it takes to mention the 2-3 syllables whereas the early ones { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12 } are merely 1 syllable. Why 21 and not 13? Its an easy to remember number (just add 20 to your starting count), and the second part of the number is still accurate. Don't believe me? Feel free to verify with a stopwatch. I learned this from driving lessons in NL. Based on some quick translation abracadabra it seems to equally apply to English. (NB: To be precise, 9 would be 2 syllables in Dutch while its only 1 syllable in English. Other languages will vary!) Fake news goes further than politics. Its claws reach to everything unscientific. Those claws are -in theory- rather enormous for the amount of unscientific debate on the Internet is huge. Take the following two examples from the alt. health community: David 'Avocado' Wolfe [1] and Dr. Joseph Mercola [2]. The former is a self proclaimed health guru with no medical degree yet he makes all kind of (dangerous) health claims. The latter's similar tho he does have a degree. The latter's article is on a website called Quackwatch. If Quackwatch is credible (I didn't verify) it could be interesting to hook into them, perhaps via an API. Funny enough when I searched for these two (I used DDG, YMMV) in combination with the term fake news I found articles where they comment about other (supposed) fake news. For example, in one article they claimed in the headline CNN distributed fake news. I don't know if that's deliberate, but at least from a SEO PoV it seems clever of them. Another interesting question is, could -in a future- whitelisting be a better default modus operandi than blacklisting? [1] https://au.be.yahoo.com/lifestyle/real-life/a/34572713/david... [2] http://www.quackwatch.org/11Ind/mercola.html Works as well, and 1000 might be an easier modifier than 20 in some situations. Downside is there's going to be a difference in elapsed time between { 1001, 1002, 1003, 1004, 1005, 1006, 1008, 1009, 1010, 1012 } and 1013+. Regardless, better than conventional { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12 }. With Pichai they're steering more towards a service-oriented company. Linux clearly has a place in their vision. You can see this also in their offerings on Azure. Microsoft is a large company. In recent years, many *NIX developers joined them. Although I don't have statistics. Gone are the days where its funny or righteous to bash Microsoft on /. heck gone is /. Its also not only Microsoft; its Wintel at a whole. Desktop market lost a lot of its relative relevance. Intel is also having trouble with ARM platform [1]. That's not only desktop market. ARM's onto the server market as well. I'm not really backing the above up with sources and numbers though so take it with a grain of salt. [1] https://www.fool.com/investing/general/2014/12/02/intel-corp... > Here in europe, the reason the life expectancy is high is that it's based on people who die today at ripe old age, many of them having been retired 30 years, sometimes more... They are 85+, and they drag the mean age of death thru the roof. 30 years? I suspect you are overdramatizing that. AFAIK people stop working at age 65 in Europe (its 67 in NL, was 65, and it was raised because of higher life expectancy). I think in Germany its higher. In Greece it was 55 IIRC, and that was one of the reasons of the crisis, but Greece was an outlier (and AFAIK they're raising it). If we assume its 65 it still isn't as if people are becoming 95 on average. So you need 2 points of data, and they contradict with my anecdotal evidence from my EU country. Please provide your sources? > I don't have anything to back it up mind you Maybe we should start the debate once we do have the data. And, for the time being, in EU. These statistics are part of a EU statistic as well. There's actually scientific support for that theory. You gave an example of 'diffused mode' [1] of thinking as opposed to the 'focused mode' of thinking. Neither is necessarily 'better'; both have their place in our daily lives. The 'diffused mode' regularly doesn't get the credit it deserves as people (e.g. educational systems) are hammering too much on the 'focused mode'. If you are interested in learning how to use the 'diffused mode', more things related to learning, and optimizing the way you learn I can recommend the free course on Coursera called Learning How To Learn by Dr. Barbara Oakley and Dr. Terrence Sejnowski. [1] https://staciechoice1010.wordpress.com/2014/08/08/focused-vs... [2] https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn > Voting with paper does not scale. Yes, it does, it just scales less well than electronic/internet voting. Each voting method (and arguably, voting system) have their + and - but paper voting has the most important benefit. Specifically, the most important one is that whilst counting we have the benefit of many eyes watching over (one of the things NSA improved post-Snowden). I know this first hand as I have participated as vote counter in the 2017 Dutch election on March 15 (can recommend volunteering for the educational experience and ability to observe alone, plus it can be seen as a civil duty). Our team consisted of approx 8 or 9 volunteers. How many people audit the source code? The patches? The build process? The hardware? Are those random people? Are computer experts biased? You don't need to be intelligent or even familiar with computers to count paper votes. You do have to be a computer expert [2] to audit the software or hardware. > You can't make people vote everyday for example, which is required if you'd like to implement direct democracy. I'd rather have authentic results for a few elections than have many elections with a higher potential of being bogus. We should also not neglect that a direct democracy can be dangerously manipulated in times of fake news. The same is true with 2 or 3 elections every 4 years, but the vulnerable choke points are higher in a direct democracy. Finally, a disadvantage is that you got so many elections that people are tired of elections. I don't know the scientific name for this phenomenon but I know an analogy: visit a supermarket and have a look at all the brands for product X where X can be peanut butter, ice cream, or beer. Result: brand loyalty. So people are gonna vote e.g. 'peanut butter' (I don't wanna name a realistic example to avoid reader assuming I'm partisan) in each of those direct democracy elections w/o looking further. Do not want! There's an adagium in computerland "if it ain't broken, don't fix it". Paper voting isn't broken, it has a proven track record. PS: For anyone who is interested in the history of voting security and the risks of electronic & internet voting I can recommend the course "Securing Digital Democracy" by J. Alex Halderman (one of the researchers in the Diebold affair some 15 years ago) on Coursera [1]. [1] https://www.coursera.org/learn/digital-democracy [2] Not sure on a better term here. Computer expert is an inaccurate global term; what is required is a rather specific skillset. Perhaps programmer or hardware hacker is more accurate. But even then programmer doesn't tell us about which programming languages are mastered, and hardware hacker is equally vague. You get the gist. Is it a quick way to lose a few people as well? Is it going to be a net gain or net loss? As if make-up or a dress is required for a woman to look good. I respectfully disagree. I find it extremely relevant. It underlines the misogyny. This became part of the discussion the moment GNUstep added that to their website, and a user here quoted it (without being downmodded). Ouch, I'm sorry I mixed them up and thanks for the reference on Ballmer's last minute change of course The comparison goes indeed moot, for a myriad of reasons. Interface is one of the many. If we look at a game such as WoW we can observe the fights in group content (dungeons and raids) have become more difficult over time. The WoW development team cites a few reasons for that: 1) players have become better so the difficulty has gone up, and 2) boss mods (software) have become better. This software aids the user in observing/notifying (sensing actions) , and executing (processing information and deciding upon it) mechanics on a fight and are available thanks to the LUA engine and API. Ironically, even without such software, that game has improved majorly in communicating mechanics to the player over the years (WoW is from 2004). Hence aspects like the UI and API are going to affect the quality of gameplay of humans as well. For AI it would only be API. Furthermore, there is network lag, interface lag, input lag, and cognitive lag. Only the latter seems fair game to me. Nope, I want as low S&H as possible. In The Netherlands, the S&H is even free by law (sending back is for the buyer though). Even though some shops carefully hide that option. Why I want as low S&H as possible compared to product price? Warranty. In the EU you get 2 years of warranty by law. If your product cannot be repaired, you can get your money back. Now take the above example or take the example where you're unhappy with the product (e.g. you figure out the quality is bad, or a production error you notice) and want to send it back (in NL you'd have 14 days to do that for w/e reason, getting a full refund). If the item was free with an S&H of 12 EUR then you gotta send the product back for w/e S&H. It could be 12 EUR, it could be less. After receiving the item (for which you let them sign or else they claim they never got it back; verification costs extra) they'll issue a refund instead, worth 0 EUR. Of course, 0 EUR is an extreme example but even if the balance is out of the way the danger with relatively high S&H is that your refund is worth too little compared to your S&H. Result? High S&H items have high failure, and are of low quality. Of course its GLHF getting your warranty if the store is in Asia. Then again, I wouldn't buy directly from Asia. I'd buy from a shop I could verify is from EU, pref old EEG (Benelux, UK, Germany, France). Either way, its false advertising to exclude such ridiculously high S&H from the total cost of the product. Customs calculates the price of S&H together with the cost of product anyway so you can't use it to avoid paying tax. > but some powerful psychoactive substances like MDMA or psychedelics might be able to grant them access to their subconscious and to learn to be aware of emotions they've either been unaware of before or have denied. Sorry, with the end of your sentence you discredit yourself. In a psychopath there is no brain activity in some parts of the brain. See story of James Fallon as mentioned in numerous sources on the subject, including this article. Psychopaths don't 'deny' themselves emotions. Psychopaths are unable to experience the full spectrum of emotions. Examples of emotions include love, empathy, anger, despair, fear. They learned to mimic the emotions they're unable to experience, in detail, so a psychopath will seemingly be able to experience fear (acting as if they do often referred to as 'wearing the mask'). They're like predators in a land of prey, constantly on the hunt, yet well disguised (I attribute that sentence to Hintjens' theories on the subject). Neurotypicals normally do not detect them. A person who denies themselves emotions is someone with deep-rooted psychological problems. That's not a psychopath as psychopaths are unable to experience the full spectrum; that's someone who likely has a personality disorder or (if a young person) is developing one. Personality disorders cannot be cured. A personality disorder is for life. It may become worse or better, therapy such as CBT or drugs can make the personality disorder bearable, but it never fully goes away. That theory makes it unlikely full-blown psychopaths can be cured, while the corner cases stay in disguise. As for being 'unaware' of their emotions. There's evidence psychopaths can recognise emotions better than neurotypicals [1]. We should also seriously consider the long-term effects of MDMA in relation to health. E.g. neurotoxicity. Quora contains an entry on this subject [2]. [1] http://www.theglobeandmail.com/arts/books-and-media/surprise... [2] https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-long-term-side-effects-fr... > If we look at mental illnesses as a whole, I feel like untreated depression and bipolar disorder are FAR more costly for American society. Yes, of course, reportedly psychopath % is 4% of society, but the number of serial killers is a mere fraction of that 4%. Psychopaths or not, the number of serial killers is also very small compared to the number of depressed Americans, or obese Americans for that matter. What matters is: 'can a person function in society?' If no, that's a loss for that individual as well as for society. The victims of the serial killers are just [often] innocent to the victim which clouds our judgement on severity. Compare terrorism victims with traffic accident victims. > it's somewhat dreadful that the tech industry seems to elevate/celebrate psychopathic traits such as ignoring rules, impulsiveness, and lack of empathy. 3/3 match with antisocial personality disorder. Quoting Wikipedia: "Antisocial personality disorder (ASPD), also known as sociopathy, is a personality disorder characterized by a long term pattern of disregard for, or violation of, the rights of others. An impoverished moral sense or conscience is often apparent, as well as a history of crime, legal problems, or impulsive and aggressive behavior." [1] It also doesn't help Hare mixes up sociopathy and psychopathy in his works. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antisocial_personality_disorde... Article is a book plug. I recommend The Psychopath Code by the late Pieter Hintjens [1]. It is frighteningly analytical & accurate with many analogies, examples and references to work with. Bonus points for using security terminology (he refers to the psychopath as Mallory). The book is freely available as PDF, and a physical copy can be bought as well. Changes can be suggested at gitbook [2], though the author (a long-term member of the open source community) passed away oct 2016. Although anecdotal I also enjoy reading posts from self-proclaimed psychopath "Athena Walker" on Quora on the subject. [1] http://hintjens.com/blog:_psychopaths [2] https://www.gitbook.com/book/hintjens/psychopathcode/details Right, encrypted. And who can decrypt that? In Firefox, back when it was introduced in Fennec somewhere around 2007 or 2008 (I don't know how it is now), you'd need 2 passwords. One to log in to your Firefox account and gain access to your encrypted data, and one to decrypt the data. It is feasible a nationstate can get access to your encrypted data, but it isn't feasible they are able to decrypt your data. > Well, if you have made your account impossible for you, or anyone aside from certain employees of those companies, to access, the account is deleted. Eh, no, that isn't the same at all. There's 2 clear cases where this is proven: 1) In the case the company still uses profiling on your personal data in order to profit from you. (Or, if they still contact you in relation to your supposedly deleted account as pointed out by people throughout this thread.) 2) In the case of a security breach the data used for profiling (which was supposedly deleted) can be breached, shared, etc (a good way to figure out where spam comes from is using catch-all e-mail addresses something which ironically works great with Gmail). For people in the EU, if they ask a company to delete their account, that company has to comply which includes any and all of their data. I don't know how it is for US but as a general statement I do wish our friends overseas including in the land of the free have solid laws to protect the individual citizens since I find that an integral part of a free nation. Even from a moral PoV it makes sense (not that publicly owned companies have any sense of moral). Because in the end with a profiling service company you are the product, gaining access to a gratis service. When you decide to stop using the service, you are no longer benefiting from them; why should they benefit from you in the years to come? With security risks attached? > Better yet, a girl you dated for the past 3 years but then broke up with could have tons of knowledge about you, and photos, and videos, but unless you're a politician, celebrity, or high-level business executive, where's the risk there? No offence, this is very ignorant. Everyone has something to hide. Moreover, revenge porn is an example which perfectly fits your scenario. But that was done with consent at that moment; there's other complex scenarios where the cat is out of the bag like bullying videos on the school yard. > Even just consider how Snapchat became so popular among teenagers over the last few years And there are many ways to record the data received via Snapchat. As long as the space between device and eyes is analog, there's always going to exist one loophole there. A loophole you won't hear Snapchat about as it doesn't serve their investors/shareholders. Snapchat's stock is low because the hype has passed and the bubble has bursted. Their service is lackluster as the core principle of the company (sending media which can only be temporarily accessed) isn't a way to protect data since the sender and receiver have different interests because of their lack of a relationship based on trust and longevity. In that regard it makes sense the service is popular with youth as they don't fully grasp trusting relations, they take higher risks, all because their brains have not yet fully developed. You don't see adults using Snapchat for anything serious. They might just as well use more common, equally secure platforms e.g. WhatsApp, or face to face. Snapchat would've been very cute in the '90s before people had e.g. cameras on their phones, and when phone screens were lower quality (although it'd be problematic to make a picture in the first place then). Nowadays, its painfully obvious how irrelevant the service is. The only relevance Snapchat has is their userbase, mainly consisting of youth; personal data, the databank as a whole (pretty much the same but worth mentioning), and the potential to start a new service under the Snapchat flag. You couldn't care less about karma? If you're downvoted it is because your post is downright rude, and full with fallacies: argumentum ad verecundiam (stating your irrelevant age and experience, stating you lived before the internet existed), argumentum ad hominem (calling a random person on the internet whom you don't know a kid), non sequitur (none of what you wrote directly supports your claim). My explanation about the systemd hate is that it isn't for technical reasons; its cultural ones. Specifically, people dislike change. Especially older people don't want to relearn fundaments which have been reliably stable throughout the years. Young people, OTOH, lack that connection and are more open to change provided they agree with the rationale. Glad to read there's people with such long experience who still have an open mind and are willing to unlearn and relearn. It isn't easy as you age to keep that spirit alive. The unix core philosophy of "do one thing really well" is such a cliche though. "Do one thing really well", yet using a monolithic kernel (Linux, Solaris, *BSD). Microkernels like OpenVMS and GNU Hurd allow one to restart (including hot patching) a part of the kernel. The same is true for running something like Qubes. Apart from the kernel debate there's tons of monolithic software. Software statically linked on a commercial UNIX? You bet. Plus you use a full-blown DE, a web browser, Emacs. Vi? Sure, Vi. Yet people use Vim with all kind of plugins. There are two types of chickens: the ones grown for their meat, and the ones grown for their eggs (I'm not aware of the English terminology on either). There have been campaigns for both types of chicken to improve their quality of life. Here in NL they were conducted by an NGO called Wakker Dier. There's the campaign against the 'plofkip' (huge chicks who are unable to move, and are force fed) so that grocery stores quit selling these. Then for the sale of eggs (itself harmless for chickens, if unfertilized eggs, and if chickens are treated without abuse) there's a star system ranging from 1 ('kooi') [1], 2 ('scharrelei') till 3 ('vrije uitloop'). Note that this system says nothing about their diet. Now, if you'd translate 2 and 3, you'd both end up with 'free range'. This Wikipedia article on free range [2] explains the EU has strict rules on that term, while the US does not. Its worth noting that due to campaigns of Wakker Dier eggs of type 1 are almost never sold anymore directly, but they are still being widely used within products! If not, they will mention the name of type 2 and 3 ('scharrel-ei' usually or more uncommon in the case of products 'vrije uitloop ei' otherwise). Regarding the picture you linked if that is from NL, that might very well either be accurate due to fipronil scandal [3] (millions of chickens were killed due to that hence near empty cages), or otherwise a propaganda picture. Its very important to be critical of farmers. They're treating thousands upon thousands of animals with various degrees of treatment (from loving/caring to downright abuse), as well as affecting our soil (as in, "the inhabitants of Earth's" which also makes sense since our soil is deeply connected with the rest of Earth's ecosystem as well as literally your neighbors's soil). [1] https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/Eisen_ko... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free-range_eggs [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_Fipronil_eggs_contaminati... You'll love The Netherlands. Your ISP is forced, on your request, to put your modem in bridge mode. Ie. the ISP isn't able to force customers to use a certain modem as router. I gave two plausible options each explaining the picture. I find both of those explanations more plausible than tons of empty cages. YMMV. I never said farmers are 'evil' people. Farmers can do good (and if you read my post well you'd have seen my examples), but we live in a capitalist world where profit is an important factor, if not the most important factor. So we need others to force the farmers to keep checks and balances: consumers, NGOs, and the government. Case in point: the fipronil scandal, where ChickFriend was a cheap solution to a problem, and where the government (NVWA) failed to look into an anonymous tip in november 2016. If they did, we'd have a lot less economic damage as well as less potential health damage. Another example is as I explained how Wakker Dier's campaign stimulated the sales of free range eggs of type 2 and 3 (although first and foremost in fresh eggs; not products containing eggs), and how they managed to reduce the amount of 'plofkip' in grocery store. > I've always felt that it's a bit ironic for people consuming animal products to be critical of breeders. Kinda passing responsibilities on them so tadaaa ! No more consumer guilt. Its relative, not absolute, and history teaches us we need to be critical of farmers. The recent fipronil scandal only underlines that. Our government failed as well, don't get me wrong. If you want to reduce harm done to sentient beings (or animals with a CNS) there are many ways to achieve that. Yes, the best way would be going vegan overnight, but that is tough for an individual and quite unrealistic to achieve society-wise. Right now, we are better off reducing meat consumption (ie. via 'meatless monday' initiative) since we don't need to consume that much meat to begin with. If you eat less meat, you can use that money to eat quality meat. Eventually we can irregularly eat lab meat. So, yes, we should be critical to ourselves as well. But that's a different, and very complex discussion (I'm on a Facebook group where this is the main subject, finding the grey between the two extremes and supporting each other). (Also as a side note there are some non-animal products which are rather bad for GHG emission, btw.) Is it possible to run ZFS on Windows? You're right, S&H is not free in The Netherlands (although many businesses will if you buy for certain amount give free S&H, and if the company has a volume package at say TNT Post then one package more or less isn't going to cost them.) However, if you are using Wet Kopen Op Afstand (which you generally are when you're buying from a Dutch shop and have S&H to The Netherlands) and you want to send the item back (for whatever reason, with a few types of products being excluded like underwear, unsealed CD/DVD, download services, ...) then they'll have to issue a full refund INCLUDING the S&H. Here's one source on that: https://www.consuwijzer.nl/thema/koop-op-afstand "Geld terug De verkoper moet uw aankoopbedrag terugbetalen, ook de bezorgkosten" And I guarantee you many shops don't refund S&H at their own discretion. The costs on sending the item(s) back ARE on you btw. Agreed. FWIW, after trying out many fonts (some are mentioned here) I settled on Cousine and PragmataPro depending on the terminal application. One uses Bash, other one Fish. One's for serious work, one's for quick work or backup. Etc etc. Both have the same color palette though (Solarized Dark). The name is good to attract developers, to gain traction, which is the current goal. Any users are a bonus (beta testers), and with a name like this you may gain the type of user who's OK with tinkering. As someone who ran Maemo (and its successors in past) I am happy to see my old N900 would gain new life. However, running Linux terminal apps on a phone isn't very useful. They need to be ported to get gesture support etc as normal applications are made for hardware keyboard and hardware mouse as HIDs. Phones lack these (tho N900 does have a hardware keyboard, the other input device is resistive screen + stylus or finger). With lower end software (like 'firmware') the reasons could also very well be legal. You may think of copyright infringement there, but I'd more think in the lines of licensing other software [either by source, or proprietary] as part of your software. Examples could be library, or firmware of specific hardware chips as part of an end product's hardware. Lack of open drivers is a serious problem in embedded land; specifically, it keeps phones on old Android versions where security fixes aren't backported. Yup. I mean as filesystems for Linux it listed Ext2, Ext3, and ReiserFS. A webpage like this is excellent to be managed via a wiki. Windows (cmd.exe or PowerShell) and OpenVMS aren't mentioned either. And you're removing all the fibers as well. > I do. But I also have to admit that the general public not always shows the best reasoning :P Nor the worst. > From an hygienic point of view at least, I'd find it possible to argue that hugging is less "intimate" than a handshake. > Most people's subjective perception might be different of course. Yes it is different and I'll explain why: if a male and female hug each other, her breast will touch (via clothes) his chest. Especially if she has large breast. This can regularly lead to her getting hard nipples, and it might cause a chain reaction (ie. she figures she fancies him or might fancy him). Males know this (tho very young males might not). How's that not more intimate than shaking hands? Another reason why hugging is intimate is that whilst hugging (feeling each other's body) you don't see each other at that point, and you don't see each other's arms or hands. Yet another reason is, its traditionally part of foreplay for sex. The problem of hygiene as you mentioned is partially solved by washing your hands before dinner. As for hygiene, as a general note, you might wanna check your keyboard and touchscreens for bacteria. Tho neither existed in the Victorian era. > Even the VLC authors documented how Google tried paying them to ship Chrome as default with their installers: It doesn't mention when though. If its around the time where MSIE was dominant, well, I (FWIW) got less of a problem with that. Because -even with its profiling- Google Chrome is objectively a far, far better browser than MSIE ever was. And the Google of 2005 or 2010 is a better Google than Microsoft was in 1998 or 2002. Check the Halloween documents on that one. > Nowadays, not only do a significant portion of the population not know or care what the difference is, they just use Chrome because "Google" and "the internet" are indistinguishable. I hear the same is true about Facebook. Yet both cannot be logically true, and Facebook doesn't make their own browser (though their app does use an embedded version of Chrome). Imagine seeing "the internet" like a gigantic bubble bath. There's some very large bubbles, like Google, Facebook, and Microsoft till some extend. Many can overlap, touch each other. Some small ones get absorbed in larger ones. Some are more omnipresent than others. But right now, there's still other, smaller ones, and new internet-related startups exist every day (little bubbles). But not all of the small or medium bubbles become large ones. Netherlands has DigiD. Banks here are rolling out iDIN which can be used to authenticate elsewhere as well. Banks here have been using TOTP for ages for online banking, with a physical authenticator. Tho iDIN is more recent. Belgium has eID. Yet some RSS feeds do contain ads/spam. > 2. What's the most common phone among security researchers? Not sure about which phone Schneier uses, but he argues that having a smartphone is a logical choice in today's society. However he also brings a nuance to that: that we have the pragmatic choice of leaving our smartphone at home instead of taking it with us, and that we should consider that. Keep in mind a dumbphone also has big brother capabilities. Just likely less precise/severe (assuming no remote holes). Could've been a honeypot. See e.g. for a list of applications https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qt_(software)#Qt_market Of course it depends on where your interests lie but here's some examples: VLC, Spotify (Linux), old Opera, Krita, Google Earth, Tesla Model S in-car UI, webOS, SailfishOS, AMD's Radeon Software Crimson driver tool, and many others including what's already mentioned, Battle.net. > The entire point of security questions is that their answers are supposed to be things that are permanently stored in your memory, that you are physically incapable of forgetting because they are so ingrained. If you store these in a password manager, it is possible to lose them - and that is unacceptable. With a password manager such as Lastpass or 1Password you only need one very strong password you as human can remember . The passwords it manages don't need to be human-rememberable. They can have as high entropy as allowed. > Anything relying on tech (like a password manager) is a bad idea for the general public. The average person does not have multiple off-site backups to guarantee that the information is physically impossible to lose. 2FA of the strong password plus physical OTP (like YubiKey) with one backup key is more than suffice. Sure, its not 3 letter agency proof. They can easily break in your house and steal your backup key temporarily, whilst recording you typing in your password, or catching you on the go. But against most criminals (a much more common vector for the general public) this is going to work just fine. Does the/this beta have debugging enabled (in kernel for example)? Does this affect the performance here specifically? Yes, that configuration still works [1]. DeathToDSStore [2] works as well, but like Asepsis it requires you to disable SIP, and that's very much not recommended! I wonder if its possible to hook into Spotlight real-time (with mdfind?) and just delete them right after its created. Together with disabling it on networks that should be "good enough" to not see them. Might be problematic with removeable media such as USB sticks though. If you're sync/unmounting those via command line, consider a find with xargs [3] on that media before unmounting. I haven't looked at Blue Harvest as already suggested. If that still works (without disabling SIP) I'm curious how they do that. [1] defaults write com.apple.desktopservices DSDontWriteNetworkStores true [2] https://github.com/snielsen/DeathToDSStore [3] find /path_to_USB_media -name .DS_Store -print0 | xargs -0 rm Don't worry, many wouldn't think twice. They simply can't afford $100 USD meds. Not sure why you think depression is not a severe mental illness. If your parents are depressed, this has very much the potential to affect you as a child. For one, since you got the same genes and the same risks involved and two, since you grow up in an environment where your two examples (mom and dad) are depressed with all the effects attached to that. Its difficult to give examples, but say you never see your parents smile or do anything with a smile. Don't you consider that actively malicious to their family members and broader society? Whereas a random heroin addict who sleeps under bridge and doesn't steal is just out of sight, out of mind. And what's to say the person isn't a heroin addict precisely because of mental illnesses? Dead to me ever since they decided to raise the price with 100% for no reason (from consumer PoV) whatsoever. Classic bait & switch. Is there an easy way to convert your current Lastpass database to Bitwarden? Thanks, both of you. Seems 2FA (YubiKey) costs 10 USD/year instead of 24 USD/year which LastPass costs. I've been looking for a recent feature comparison, the Wikipedia one is rather shallow and incomplete [1] [2]. My (incomplete) take on feature comparison: Both are relatively cross-platform, widely supported by what I consider status quo platforms (Windows, Linux, Android, macOS, iOS, Chrome, Firefox). Advantages of Bitwarden are open source and public development, approx half the price (and approx same as Lastpass before purchased by Logmein), and the ability to self-host. Advantages of Lastpass are different login for accessing to account and decrypting database. This is important because without this, a MITM attack gets access to the master password. I also found the announcement of Bitwarden, approx 1 year old now, on HN [3]. It includes some feedback about the software. Bitwarden uses AES256-CBC. How secure is AES256-CBC in this case, and what does Lastpass use? Another criticism is usage of Google Analytics. This can be disabled in the application, but I don't feel it serves a purpose for the user. It should never have been included in the first place. I also don't think either software is audited. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_password_managers [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_password_manager... [3] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12676979 Do you mean Quilt Data, Inc with the product Quilt? Its being mentioned all over this thread. You could easily make an alias. Because the child's personal computer resides in their room. This means less room (no pun intended) for control over active times, more costs involved because of computers not being shared, and also enforces the child to be excluded from social environment. It is a double edged sword. Both options have their pros and cons, and none is ideal. command-not-found [1] could implement that, if it isn't implemented already. I remember a Linux distribution with an application which would let a train pass in a few seconds after typing typical commands wrong. Trust me, you'll learn to type correct when that happens because it is very annoying. EDIT: as mentioned below, it is called 'sl' [1] https://wiki.ubuntu.com/CommandNotFoundMagic rm -i and rm -f (as well as mv and cp) allow to specify certainty not merely for everyone above UID 0. Keyword: Backups. No, it shows that you don't provide any proof for your "theory" (there is not much theory to begin with), and therefore its one of the many conspiracy theories floating around. Occam's razor, please. Just strikes me, immediately apparent: Whats With All The Capitals In Headlines? German influence? > However, I've been part of the open source community for 25 years, and I remember the brutal marketing against the "cancer" of open source. 25 years, so that's since 1992. Do you also remember IBM? Did you hold it against IBM when they started to become actively part of the open source community? Microsoft is changing from a proprietary software company pur-sang to a more service-oriented (and, like Google & Facebook, privacy-invasive) company. We need to forgive Microsoft and move on not out of love for Microsoft but for our own sanity. New threats have arisen. What Microsoft did (see the Halloween documents for a peak into that), any other big, powerful company or monopoly could've (and has, see e.g. IBM or Intel) done in the past. As of now, the invasive privacy concerns en masse (by a plethora of corporations and governments) are a much bigger threat to our liberty than Microsoft. Yeah, that's irony. There's more. A former monopolist getting flak from a current monopolist who tricked IBM with MS-DOS [1]. If you want to be pedantic on the history of Microsoft, however, I'd like to remind you of the history of IBM [2]. Of particular relevance are the parts "IBM in Germany and Nazi Occupied Europe" and "1969: Antitrust, the Unbundling of software and services". Do we still (respectively ~75 and ~50 years later) hold this against IBM? No, we don't. Its longer ago than Microsoft's practices, so I understand people still hold a grudge (heck, I'm one of them, I still tend to avoid Microsoft products). It'll take some time. But that doesn't mean my grudge is still rational. [1] http://thisdayintechhistory.com/11/06/ibm-signs-a-deal-with-... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_IBM Agreed, it is an option to explore. What I disagree with is the fact you're being downvoted means you are being right . If anything, its more likely a sign you're being wrong (or that your comment is otherwise not welcome). I suggest you don't worry too much about up- or downvotes. Ah, "public safety" measure. The naming & shaming is a byproduct or unforeseen consequence. The military calls such "collateral damage". What is the purpose of such database? It falls or stands on recidivism. If there is a way (e.g. medical cocktail) where the chance of recidivism is close enough to 0 just like the average civilian there's no practical need for any "special" register. This stands on the premise that the sex offender actively uses their medical cocktail as prescribed. > The problem with biometrics is not username vs password, biometrics are password. Yes, that is the problem. No, biometrics are not password. Please stop spouting this nonsense? Biometrics are akin to username; they suggest your identity, but don't authenticate you. They should not be used as password because they cannot be changed, and cannot be kept secret. A password (or better, TOTP authentication) can be changed, and can be kept secret; a hardware fingerprint scanner (or face or iris scanner) cannot be changed, and can be faked by any semi-intelligent person or organization. Fingerprint can already be stolen and used in identity theft. We saw this various years ago in CCC when a German minister got his/her fingerprints stolen as a way to prove the insecurity. It is only a matter of time when the common people learn about how to trick face recognition and iris recognition. In the meantime, strong passwords and (preferably) TOTP is secure. Use that instead. > Research in biometric security aims at finding functions of your biometric data that can be revoked and it's not privacy sensitive. Cat and mouse game, and wrong premise: biometrics cannot be revoked. They're permanent. There's also a way to break in your house whilst you're gone or asleep. In the former case, if the device is in your house, would you've disabled FaceID? In the latter case, would you've disabled FaceID? Would you've disabled FaceID when you were going outside (with your device) and you'd be busted then? Answer in all these cases: Of course not. So a PIN alone would've been more secure. It'd have cost the government more effort to crack. A strong password or TOTP would've been a better solution. Pref. 2FA w/both. You could use FaceID as 2FA, but then people need to keep in mind that its a very weak chain in the 2FA. They still need a strong other factor ie. a strong password. TouchID can be easily tricked. From december of 2014 at CCC: [1] Its not merely secret service who can do this. Criminals can do it as well. The easy part of it? Your fingerprint is left all over your device. Including likely the one you authenticate with. If its your index finger of your primary hand, its bingo. A fake 2G cell tower costs 250 EUR on the black market. That's also a bad way to use TOTP. However, 15 years ago those devices were either not sold or still very expensive. That's a different threat model. FaceID is going to be hacked eventually (the question is when, not if), perhaps in the way you described. Until then it is reasonably good to keep criminals who steal your device at bay. Its also worth it to audit it (try to break it, e.g. in the way you described). State agencies, unlikely to keep those at bay with FaceID, given they can force you to authenticate. Criminals who mug you by force may also be able to force you to remove FaceID, but they may also compel you to give away your PIN. Government has already made devices to bruteforce PINs; we should've swapped to passwords ages ago. [1] https://media.ccc.de/v/31c3_-_6450_-_de_-_saal_1_-_201412272... > You don't need to shut off the phone to get into the hardware. Do you mean row hammer [1] or cold boot attack [2]? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Row_hammer [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold_boot_attack Its more nuanced than you put it with physical keys. Consider for a moment the baklava [1]. A baklava increases anonymity of an attacker (ie. burglar in our discussion), but also increases suspiciousness of victims and 3rd parties (ie. innocent bystanders, witnesses). Physical burglary has many of these nuances, trade-offs. A key on a front door is meant to keep an attacker out for as long as they get caught and/or identified, or become afraid they get caught and/or identified. It isn't meant to stop an attacker to enter a house. If an attacker wants to enter your house, they can just break in via a window. Various techniques exist for that, some are noisy, others are more sophisticated and aren't noisy. Someone who's trying to enter via a window by night though is suspicious which means the attacker might be noticed and get caught. Most normal house keys [at least here in NL] are very cheap and have a lot of vulnerabilities, they have weak entropy (e.g. 6 entries with 6 options each), or are vulnerable via lock bumping (takes max 10 sec to enter and doesn't look very suspicious). With electronic devices, its more binary, but it depends a lot on whom you're defending against. Petty criminals, technical criminals, or state actors. > This is in contrast to passwords and pincodes, which can be stolen by eyeballs, cameras, audio recording devices, etc. Yes, passwords can be stolen by eyeballs and cameras and Van Eck phreaking (TEMPEST). However if combined with TOTP it becomes something you have and something you know . Facial recognition is just a form of something you have , and the key cannot be changed. They key can be put off, but that is not more secure than having TOTP on your watch (with yes/no button) and being able to disable the authentication method on your phone by pressing the power button 5 times. Liveness is just obscurity. Its gonna be insecure at some point, and you'll be begging Apple for a newer, more secure solution at that point. Pray they still support your advice by then. [1] Yes, thank you, balaclava (bivakmuts in my primary language). I have difficulty pronouncing and remembering the word. I'll keep it as-is for readability of the discussion, and for admitting my mistake. Thing is, if you buy a new washing machine and replace it within 10 years you end up spending money on a new, cheaper one which is more environment-friendly than the most environment-friendly ones from 10 years ago. Whereas your Miele would've lasted 20 years easily but would've been out of date on the environmental department. Its a catch-22. The same with something like smartphones (I take it readers are thinking about smartphones when they read this article? Very 'ungerman' product IMO). If you buy a new one you end up downcycling the plastic and recycling some of the elements. Yes, you gotta pay again for a phone. But its also presumably better. It wasn't possible to upgrade the old phone because phones are such small, embedded technology (with bad software support being a minor part of the problem) that they've become waste products. We, as tech community, need to solve this problem in order to reduce environmental waste. How? Modular devices. Laptops used to be modular. Now they've gone the smartphone route. Why? Less weight/size, and less durability and the inability to fix it yourself yields more profit. We can stop this by voting with our wallet. > Masturbatory nonsense Thank you for your thought provoking analysis. Why masturbatory nonsense? Yes, the article is rose-tinted because it doesn't describe issues in German society; it is one-sided. However, that's obviously clear from reading it. It doesn't pretend to be otherwise. There's already at least 2 comments which nuance the article. Furthermore, the article's purpose appears to be meant as a counter-thought of the "American Dream" (apparently that's now called "Silicon Valley" because very little in the article was about technology). When I filled GDPR (I was only familiar with the Dutch acronym equivalent, AVG) in Duck Duck Go (non-bubble search engine) I easily figured the meaning. No offense intended. I learned during an energy project at elementary school (begin '90) a hypothetical nuclear fusion reactor would be a prime target for military action more so than fission. Tho I forgot the exact details on why, I suppose the reactor is easier damaged, whereas a fission reactor is much more difficult to cause a fallout with. Can anyone confirm that's true or false? He's got a point though [1]. The price of solar has gone down massively as well. We can use it to charge batteries. Farmers here are renting solar cells on their territory, getting free energy and selling the overabundant for money. If we invest in green companies who use solar energy, we end up stimulating that industry instead of giving the grey energy providers our dime. Tesla's at the upper end of the market, but just today I saw on HN an article that GM is selling an EV in China for ~5k USD. In the mid-90s it was GM who, after an experiment, neglected the idea of an EV. See e.g. the documentary Who Killed The Electric Car? [2] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_energy#Potential [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Who_Killed_the_Electric_Car%3F > On top of that, FaceID disables itself and requires a passcode after 4 hours of no detection or 48 hours of continuous time that the phone hasn't been unlocked. You know how and where Ross Anderson was busted? This is peanuts to beat. You bust the target whilst they're on a dinner having a drink, or right after they went asleep. The government knows your current position, and knows when you're asleep. Once this has become the status quo, rest assured cops with a police warrant wouldn't enter anymore at 6 AM right before you wake up but at 1 AM right after you went asleep (but before your FaceID would time out). > (which would be very rare since it would just require you to squeeze both sides and you'd have the chance to do that while performing the action of handing your phone over). Law enforcement will adapt very quickly to that if this becomes the status quo. They'll first and foremost bust your hands, so that you are unable to lock your phone. Then they hold the phone before you and voila, unlocked. Its not recommended to use ntpd with -g argument in production. An attacker can MITM NTP protocol. The 1000s threshold severely limits this attack. The attack can be used e.g. in defeating TOTP. I'm not sure if this rogue bit can be used to attack TOTP. Can anyone clarify? The problem with phone security nowadays isn't merely the data people have on the phones, its the data people have in the cloud as well with passwords being saved on the device. > If you are so concerned about security that you think there is a good chance someone is going to physically attack you to get into your phone, you should just assume someone will get into your phone eventually, and don't keep any sensitive data on it. For the other 99.9999% of the population, face id is good enough. I don't understand this statistic. Are you arguing 99.9999% of all phones aren't a potential target of being stolen? Are you arguing 99.9999% of all people's data isn't interesting to authorities? You're being overly optimistic about FaceID. Last time I looked into Pi-Hole, it worked via DNS. though perhaps they added options here (like with a proxy, as you mentioned). I'm not sure if PAC can still be MITMed. Old iOS devices can't install OS-wide adblocker (these go for a few USD in the App Store otherwise, and work OS-wide). For them, Pi-Hole is a nice solution. A better solution is to replace the entire devices though. You can fix the issue also by just not using smart TVs, and by fixing MS Windows 10 manually with a tool like DWS [1]. For a mobile phone, Pi-Hole works whilst being in the (W)LAN. If you want to have it on the go as well you're going to have to use something like a VPN, have an always-on, low latency connection at home (e.g. fiber, or recent cable/DSL technology, otherwise an option could be cloud). This is going to have small overhead on data; not much to affect your plan in a great way. The problem is your phone battery! Imagine you have a push connection up on WhatsApp. Now it also needs to reconnect to the VPN, and encrypt the data twice: once E2E with WhatsApp and once between you and the VPN. With no additional security for WhatsApp. Some mobile phone carriers restrict VPN data, or mangle DNS data. They use a transparent proxy to route DNS traffic via their DNS server, so its pointless to have your Pi-Hole listen on your WAN (besides, 3rd party would be able to use your Pi-Hole as well). You want to have your DNS traffic through your VPN instead. However, once again, that's additional overhead. The advantage though is that your DNS traffic cannot be MITMed whilst e.g. being in a coffeeshop. What I do is, I just buy the app or buy a subscription on apps I use a lot, and remove apps with ads which I don't use a lot. I also have targeted ads off in Google settings, so I never get relevant ads either way. I don't want to see relevant ads -if I see ads- because I don't want to limit myself being affected by advertising. Such limiting is always relative; never absolute. Advertising works in many sneaky ways, including e.g. paid advertisement on a popular YouTube vlog channel). Furthermore, uBlock Origin has low impact on phone performance compared to DNS-based blocking. It is better than nothing. Using NoScript can also greatly help, esp if you don't have 4G or have a slower smartphone. [1] https://github.com/Nummer/Destroy-Windows-10-Spying You can just use your distribution's package manager for that. Ignorant is the correct word, not stupid. This is why DNSCrypt [1] and DNSCurve [2] are a good thing because they encrypt the data between client and resolver. Although they can block all of the traffic to/from any known resolvers, that's draconic and a lot of work, and it is quite a list. Mac/Homebrew users: brew cask install dnscrypt Windows/Chocolatey users: choco install simplednscrypt (or alternative see [3]) Linux: should be in your package manager. Generally, searching for dnscrypt should yield some useful software. It isn't difficult to set up via command line IMO. There's probably howto's to be found via search engine as well. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNSCrypt [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNSCurve [3] https://github.com/Noxwizard/dnscrypt-winclient Hmm, you're saying apps use Brave instead of Chrome? That'd be amazing. I mean, you could block ads in apps that way. How does one enable that? > And since it's Chromium based I don't see the sluggishness I do in Firefox for Android. The point of the article is that you'll be able to have a quick experience with Android, without using that one tracker called Google. > Yeah sure, people believe what they want to believe. Or we could just accept that until 2013 he was just another wheel in the giant machinery that is the NSA and that his morals changed - for whatever reason. His motives and how he ultimately ended up leaking information is well documented in the 2014 documentary Citizenfour [1] and the 2016 movie Snowden [2]. > But he was with the bad guys. Are there shades of grey or nuances or is the NSA the root of all evil? Its impossible to care about security as NSA employee? Teaching US civilians how to use GPG means you're trying to protect civilians against the NSA? The world isn't black and white. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizenfour [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snowden_(film)