Learn whichever language is closest to your application. If you want to make a blog, go take a look at some blogging software already out there and learn the language it's written in. (Wordpress -> PHP w/ HTML & CSS just because they're always helpful) Then, once you've got your feet wet, learn another one. I feel like I never understood one language until I could compare it to another. Python and Ruby are great for hammering out functionality and learning. Common Lisp/Scheme are great for widening your perception of how problems can be solved. I don't want to say much about C because I'm not proficient with it, but it definitely gives you a closer feeling to how your computer runs your code even if it obfuscates the problem a little. Learn Haskell/OCaml when you're feeling lucky. They will break your brain and then rebuild it in crazy, inventive new ways. I'm glad to see things like this on Hacker News. Sure it has relatively little to do with the regular topics, but it's the kind of interesting thing that I'd like to find from people who populate here. Digital Signal Processing/Intro to Signal Processing has been one of the most interesting classes I've taken so far. Haskell is fun in that you get to write things using combinators, through abusing laziness, and in a style that feels very mathematical. It makes me program utility function combinators in other languages, which is excellent. It's not so fun the moment you want to use more than one Monad at once, though. This is interesting because it's a good way to look at the domain of language not in its power or application but its audience. Haskell: Because programming isn't enough like math Mozart: Because Prolog is pretty foreign Lisp: Because parens are really underappreciated ; ) I'm no expert, but I'd suggest two things. First, while learning recognize the tricky learning curve and keep poking at complex material as you learn. Macros especially feel dense and frivolous before you see them in action. I'd suggest On Lisp both for being full of excellent examples and free. If you're looking at Scheme, then keep SICP by you at all times. Secondly, more so than in other languages, code to learn. Lisp's parentheses are a turn off to everyone until they reach some critical mass of application and understanding. Learning Lisp reminds me of learning Chinese: the very medium you write with is vastly different from the norm and rather complex, but as you get into it you learn that there is a whole lot of sense to it. Not to snipe at anyone, but skills like this seem pretty essential in solving problems in general. Little tricks from linear algebra like magnitude (what this post concerns) and projections show up in interesting and useful places. Additionally, while they /are/ harder to access, reading and understanding various proofs in Math can be an even more beautiful and enlightening experience than just seeing the practical result. Maybe it's the difference between realizing that setf can be using on all the generalized variables and actually reading the source and seeing why. Math is full of clever hacks. I cannot cite the article, because I read it a long time go, but the author made a point which immediately reflected my experiences with pure FP: FP is all about the glue. What I think will be interesting is using FP (or at least FP style) to glue together solutions to problem which are best expressed using non-pure methods. I think about that whenever I use Monads in Haskell, though they're still awkward. I think FP will teach programmers the potential advantages of making things pure, perhaps even at great effort. It's not always what we're after, but when you can manage that level of simplicity, FP is exploring what kinds of payoff you can make. It doesn't seem like they show evidence for anything more than significant correlation. Other theories (like birth trauma reduction) could explain it just as well. Tai Ji is incredible in my experience, but it does take a lot of initial investment. My classes are probably the least interesting part of college for me. Being in an environment full of various really interesting bleeding-edge developments kicks ass though. I work in neurobiology, code whatever projects are interesting to me, calculate methods for signaling between autonomous vehicles, and am 5 minutes away from talking to someone right in the middle of solving problems in quantum physics or international affairs. And then I go to class. Oh well. I suppose college isn't perfect. I think the book he wrote is even more interesting. My ex-girlfriend was exceedingly smart, but in her young life did poorly being judged as ADD and Dyslexic. I got the opposite treatment with gifted programs and expanded curricula. When we compared symptoms, though, we were generally the same. I wonder how many children in "special" education should actually be in gifted education... Norvig always has exceptional essays. This kind of understanding should be prerequisite to being allowed to read scientific papers. At the very least it's required to demonstrate personal credibility when talking about said papers. Aie! Attack of the floaty yinyang troupe! The presentation is incredible. Reminiscent of iminlikewithyou without the total Flex overhaul. I also like the little artist details that pop up while you listen. There's a styling "error" in Safari 3.0 Mac: the rounded corner sprite is PNG which displays at slightly different color temperatures on different browsers. It's causing all of your rounded boxes to get dark stripes where it doesn't match the CSS background. Just use GIF. I feel like more and more this dumbing down of college leads into making undergraduate degrees a second high school diploma. That begs the suggestion that grad school becomes the "new" college, but that kind of idea isn't too fun in the Startup Crowd. The idea of a reading protocol is a pretty essential concept. I appreciate the author carefully detailing such a protocol for Mathematics, and I imagine this exercise would be pretty simply done for code as well. I'd vie that Mathematics is much more subtle, in general, than code: average reading speed something like 0-15 "concepts" (because we all know how terrible LOC is) in 30 minutes, depending, of course, on how subtle the code is, how skillful the reader, and how elegant the coder. What worries me is how long it'll take to get the HTML5 Bandpass filter and how frustrating it'll be for the first 5 years after adoption writing the same site twice. V. by Thomas Pynchon The Life of Pi by Yann Martel the McSweeney's Quarterly Concern (Not a book per se, but very enjoyable) Shakespeare (Everything, I'm surprised he's only been mentioned once so far) The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald The Book of the New Sun by Gene Wolfe Shogun by James Clavell Then, of course, the regular hodgepodge of Card, Asimov, Adams, Gaiman, Pratchet, Stephenson, Feynman, and that LOTR guy, Tolkey or sommat. (In all seriousness, though, all of these authors are phenomenal, if well-known for being such) It's clearly a very forced analysis, and, like you said, just drips with cliched, volumeless argument. That being said, I'm pretty sure it was posted with some degree of self-referential humor. The idea of analyzing Valve games critically is pretty good, though. They're one of the few studios which makes games worth analyzing! I'd like to see articles like those. Social websites refute this a bit. If you want to connect with people then, generally, you need to have a similar package of web apps as they. Meditation can do wonders. Just sit somewhere comfortable, give yourself 30 minutes, and don't think about anything. It can take practice -- maybe a lot of practice -- but the mental and physical recharge it gives is very refreshing. I find that the trick is scheduling it. Even if you can't turn off, just try for all 30 minutes. Eventually you'll get somewhere. I liken it to getting into the Flow at doing nothing. The problem is arguably that the indirection is really, really costly. Just today I wrote a custom template tag I needed in order to factor out some functionality common to every view on my application. In RoR it would have been maybe 2 lines, but that custom tag was more like 15. I still adore Django for its efforts to remove all the "magic" code, though. Brand development is still deadly important. No one is going to use your site if they can't remember it. If your competitors are on par with you feature-wise, the one with the stronger brand is going to win. That being said, if your opponents aren't on par with you feature-wise, well... Learn many languages as soon as you feel interested. See programing from as many points of view as possible. Now lets hope that avoiding IE8 quirks mode will be intuitive enough to make this announcement pure godsend. This metaphor doesn't work as well as it seems. Architecture firms don't personally build the buildings they design. It's probable that someone dealing with "the semantic web" and fitting in with "new media" companies actually should build websites. Even if they're only working on the back-end solutions, having a poor website is more like an architecture firm having a terribly designed office which undermines the customer's confidence. The School of Expression book is pretty nice and the only one I've had serious experience with, I'd definitely suggest taking a look at it. One thing about the Haskell community that is a breath of cool, minty and decidedly fresh air is that #haskell is actually a great channel to hang out in and ask questions. They have a very powerful bot, Lambdabot, there which helps with examples and manual searching and the people are generally extraordinarily patient and helpful. I'd say that once you get through the basics, heading to IRC to ask some more complex questions is not a bad idea. Prepare to have your mind blown, though, as topics that roam there can be pretty heady sometimes. It's pretty similar to the previous Casting Spels in Lisp tutorial in that it's overly cute and loquacious but does manage to approach a heady topic with some degree of innocence. It's more targeted as an intro to Haskell for the light hobbyist, really. Kind of juvenile. Interesting if you've never heard of the concept before, silly otherwise. Not a typical topic, but fine writing is just as much hacking as programming... or painting. Fantastic. With dense code, you have to think about every word. With sparse code, you have to think along with every line/block/idiom. Both require the (same?) thought process, but with dense code you get two advantages: - You can look ahead easier and get a bird's-eye-view - Once you learn an operator, recognizing it (and writing it correctly) becomes a single word instead of said line/block/idiom. My guess is that [uvar _ topcolor] is a function similar to (lambda (x) (uvar x topcolor)). That's just a guess, but once I learn whatever it is, I'd wage that it's easier to recognize and debug the bracket syntax. I certainly agree with the point that the cartoon aesthetic needs to be dropped in lieu of higher resolution data. Sparklines are an obvious (and very Tufte) solution. Bonus round: what font is the header "arial or helvetica" set in? Haskell's type system will bring a lot of pain first. And then one day it'll click (like macros) and then it makes everything simple. Title typo? 新年快乐！ 这个白人看得懂。 Also: cadr. "Firest" doesn't have the same ring. If you can prove you're an established firm they'll let you have it for 30 days and disassemble it. Who's to say typophiles aren't hackers? When you're first leaning languages, "command" of a language probably ends up being defined as a solid working knowledge of the syntax. However, the real deal is when you understand the solution pattern suggested by the language. When you start to break down problems into objects, functions, or types before you even touch a keyboard, then you've really gotten somewhere. Lock picking and safe cracking are pretty much wet equivalents to computer cracking. It's a very hackerish hobby as long as it's done in a mature, non-destructive way. I don't put a lot of money into it, but working on new locks is a nice way to kill time and relax my mind. The parallels between mathematics and Haskell were what initially drew me to learn the language. If you're looking for a 100-year language, it can't hurt to keep an eye on math. It's kind of like a lisp first written 3000 years ago. Full voting history, probably, yes. Number of votes (some relation to activity, perhaps) not so much. Anything that's obviously going to make it easy to reverse engineer anonymous things isn't a good idea, but that doesn't mean you can't still find interesting gems. Nice hack In this case, the "equivalent" code isn't a line that produces the same result, but is instead a line that illustrates the dynamic culture of the given language's evolution. For Arc, right now, practically every line is an equivalent. Elegant. So how do you break out of these things? I'd think the best way is to recognize that these "prevailing paradigms" are just models for the world that only have some degree of applicability. If you want to create the next paradigm shift, you need to figure out where the current paradigm breaks down. Look for the rough edges: the places where the solution doesn't quite fit the problem contour. That question is somewhat interesting just a little off-topic in this thread. In Arc, that line would be: (reduce + (range 1 100)) which is nice, but not much different from Scheme. Pretty readable. or you can do 3 milliseconds * c Write a toy web server. It'll get you up to par with how the requests actually happen which is a good base for understanding CGI and the more complex systems. For applications launching soon it's worth noting that Django is in a period of flux at the moment. Ver 1.0 is being actively worked toward and will break backwards compatibility. I mean, no one is keeping you from working using Django .96, but several of the neater features in the platform (ContentTypes & Generic relations) are a little sketchy at the moment. You already called this argument, but... ... if you can avoid PHP. It will do all those things mentioned above, and more and more Python and Ruby are becoming common. Of course not. It's practically requisite to understanding Rails or Django and is not so hard a project that you can't start to tackle it quickly (by reading any of the hundreds of simple web server tutorials online) Now there just needs to be an economist to drop in and sneak an entry with a 9% improvement. Statistics and math are excellent tools, but they're quite blind. Agree on 1-4. 5 is probably a non-issue since inverting the gradient is really increasingly common as a hover state "common design is good design". My take: the BBC redesign takes 99% of its ideas from Web Two Point Oh and has never heard of people like, say, Tufte. Thanks, BBC, for updating your site and making it customizable. No thanks for changing the visual style. And why is there a clock ? I already have a clock right there on my screen and it's digital . I agree with your opinion of OS X being related to Disney. I highly disagree with any suggestion that that should be an insult. Disney might not produce the absolutely biggest roller coasters — nor did they really hit on the "Future World" with EPCOT — but they do a lot of things extremely well. Disney accommodates its market extremely well, builds massive installations internationally, has an unearthly attention to detail (just look at the lettering on the signs in the Magic Kingdom or the Tree of Life), has strategic ties all over the place, does fantastic feats of engineering, and, oh yeah, consistently pulls in massive profit. It's had its flops, but it's been in the game forever. You might not like its product, but that probably means you're just not in the target audience and no one is forcing you to buy a ticket. And even if you're not in the target audience you can still appreciate the value other people get out of it. (Disclaimer: I'm an OS X user. Before that I used both Windows and Linux for years at a time. I'm still routinely exposed to and do work with all three) Agreed. Additionally, I hate the rhetoric of Full Disclosure suggesting that somehow, now that you've explicitly mentioned why you are in no good position to write an article, your biases are no longer affecting you. The guy just wants to whine and to point blame at a good thing. By intent, sure, but it's often used that way. I'm mostly just wary when I hear it used — even though I've used it myself. Healthcare, as many others here point out, is difficult, bureaucratic, and potentially unstable do to the political climate; however, medicine is no so bad overall. There are medical technologies growing constantly and while it does involve a little more initial investment some of these areas approach "startup" levels of innovation and risk. I'd suggest there may be more variety on the "healthcare" side the real estate. Another criticism of the article: http://itre.cis.upenn.edu/~myl/languagelog/archives/005422.h... The Language Log tends to be a little scathing, but this is a bit more restrained. A couple of opposing views on the matter from ALA: Against: http://www.alistapart.com/articles/theyshootbrowsers and For: http://www.alistapart.com/articles/minorthreat I, myself, am very glad for this decision! This is that fight. It's the hope that not implementing opt-out version targeting is a precedent that IE8 will continue to follow. The IE team recently has shown great dedication to bringing new versions of IE up to par with the standards set out by the W3C. I would not be surprised if they are close to on par with adoption alongside the other browsers, and with no opt-out version targeting we'll be able to more immediately see these changes take place. The two problems with html table designs are loss of accessibility and semantics. CSS tables do indeed combat both of these by separating content from presentation. The part that you're sore over is just the name. I agree, as it goes, but that doesn't mean CSS tables are obscuring intent. Of course avoiding tables doesn't automatically make things accessible. It makes it possible to be accessible. Accessibility is tricky. For instance, one of the largest things that HTML tables break is the linear flow of the page. For people using screen readers or text-only browsers it becomes far, far more difficult to understand the content of a page. CSS tables can be applied with consideration only against the hierarchal structure of the page allowing you to write pages that are accessibly legible yet stylish. That is unless you want to make whole new versions of your site for any number of accessibility domains: modern browsers, IE 6-, blind people, lynx, mobile browsers, mobile safari, colorblind people, &c. Good luck with SEO on all of those, too. Regular and mobile browsing is one major exception. It's also generally not the trend that I'm referring to. A good site probably does make up to three versions for screen, mobile, and print views. Some sites might even, serendipitously, make out by just changing the stylesheet. Avoiding table based layouts is not the definition of accessibility and I never implied that. They are frequently a symptom of poor accessibility, however, and then they almost always obscure the intended hierarchy of a page which defeats accessibility for text based browsers and screen readers and messes with SEO. This is a nice case study for OCaml. Note that this doesn’t mean that an engineer is any less creative than a hacker. On the contrary, the constraints provided by the engineering problem can provoke more creative and original thinking than that of the original invention. Take a look at that quote and then read this article: http://alistapart.com/articles/oncreativity Hacking is not necessarily a very creative endeavor. Instead it is more inspiring. The non-parallelism in the name of this service is really a problem as far as brand and influence goes, but I'm interested to see if the service is actually useful. It's fun to split these right down the middle into interface design and application design. They tend to fall almost completely into one of those categories. This has to do with the context where I learned Euler's Equation, but I can never separate it from Fourier and (later) Laplace transforms. Those are all so beautiful and mind blowing. Hilbert spaces. Haskell (not just monads, though they were impressive too) To take it up a notch, everything in your body is composed of left over bits of exploded stars. Lisp macros You can also deconstruct and rebuild that ball into another one of infinite size, I believe. I'm not sure if you can do infinite off the top of my head, but I'm certain of at least arbitrary . Pretty much everything that involves abusing the Axiom of Choice ends up trippy and fun. Okay, true, but I'll stand by a "nearly everything" since a very large subset of organic molecules are composed entirely of atoms lighter than Fe. We're probably safe to say that only small parts of your body require more exotic cosmological phenomena for their base material. I see this as being a pretty good way of doing this, too. Uncertain stories, stories with little Karma, are riskier business and are therefore more expensive to support, but if they're good stories the payoff can be lucrative when large parts of the community agree. Amie.st sort of does this. So does thesixtyone. Basically, award original motion and value increasing actions by Karma. (Also, as some other comments mention, there should be some risk — cost — involved in taking those actions) Disincentives to voting give more abstract value to an upmod. Right now the only thing that gives an upmod value is that you can only upmod a story once. Without some sort of constraint the only thing keeping people from upmodding continuously and rampantly is... RSI! As long as we're naming things: Y Combinator acts as a startup hearth — just a little bit of support from money, but included is an environment which promotes growth. Bingo, I was being hyperbolic there. The core idea is that upmods and downmods need to embody some sense of value. Without a buy-in cost, the only contributing source of value is 1-vote-per-story exclusivity. Without a buy-in cost, nothing is stopping me (edit: or someone else , hah. I don't mean to implicate myself for the sake of rhetoric) from getting a bot together to upmod every single story essentially nullifying the benefit of my vote and still maximizing the return. Addendum after the edit period: Wavelet transforms also go on this list. I don't know that I was surprised by the CLT itself. What surprised me about it was how nice it made everything else. In some sense there are whole books full of theorems which go from tedious and complex to 12-year-old simple in just 3 letters. The simplicity and difficulty of Bayes' Law. I honestly have a difficult time understanding the AC paradoxes, too. I recognize that it's totally necessary for many things (i.e. multidimensional integrals) and when it's consistent with a logical conclusion I have little trouble "seeing" it. Otherwise, though, not so much. I think it's interesting to see the connection between the AC and the Law of Excluded Middle which also causes paradoxical issues from time to time. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Axiom_of_choice#Law_of_the_excl... I know this is hardly the most salient point, but... ... the HBase logo is fantastic ! Oh, and it's also great to see open source contributions like that. Good job all around, Powerset! I'd reiterate that you it doesn't matter what language you learn first. You wont really understand any language until you've learned a couple of others and are able to see programming from several perspectives. This must be sarcastic, right? For limited use of varied typography you can use flash very selectively by using Sifr ( http://www.mikeindustries.com/sifr ) I learned that using code as data is more powerful than anyone who hasn't used Lisp can understand. Unfortunately, most languages make it a pain in the ass. I long for macros almost every time I program something in Python. What is that picture of? And why? Seems like a neat idea excepting that BitTorrent doesn't support changing content that well afaik. You just made this thread my all-time HN favorite. Here here! Taking a look at that link (and then going to the YC main page again) made me realize how cool that lecture hall you guys have is. Any chance there are some photos around of the "YC Offices" just for the curious? It's definitely more stark, but O(N) would have gotten a chuckle from the intended audience and a nod to Randall for getting his complexity right . But I'm just advocating for the devil... I have to agree with Atwood, sort of. I actually see it as a wider condition. You Weren't Meant to Have a Boss has a very specific "you" in mind: the kind of people who are aching to become founders (well, obviously). That's in no way a bad thing, but it is worth noting that earlier essays by pg had a wider audience. It's not narcissism, it's focus. It's a symptom of "nearly all the programmers I know are startup founders". Hah, that's a great quote. I think we're both looking at it the same way. PG is in a fantastic position where he gets to spend most of his time around some of the smartest, most driven, and most interesting people all the time. He loves it, and with good reason. His essays are targeted toward those people who could become the kind of person he respects, and they have not a little bit of force behind them because he believes in what he says a whole lot. Italian 'al dente' is a trip. I hardly believed it at first, but it is tasty. A Mathematician's Apology is a beautiful read, by definitions both plain and, to some degree, those elaborated in the essay itself. One interesting thing about the relevancy of the essay is the potential change in the aesthetics of mathematics in wake of the proof of the Four Color Theorem. Personally, I have to believe that some day someone will find a proof that has all the elegance mathematicians are looking for. "We do not want many ‘variations’ in the proof of a mathematical theorem: ‘enumeration of cases’, indeed, is one of the duller forms of mathematical argument. A mathematical proof should resemble a simple and clear-cut constellation, not a scattered cluster in the Milky Way." If you consider his constant foil in Chess, it's fun to think that perhaps he'd see some degree of beauty in computer algorithms that solve the many enumerations of chess in far more "general" and "surprising" ways. I'd say that (good) parody and satire frequently make use of DH1-4 in order to effect an argument that's usually at DH6. It's the matter of creating straw men or ad hominem attacks which are implicit criticisms on the actual content of the argument. Only for comments. Submissions themselves cannot be downmodded. Is there any article like this specific to lisp? What really turned me on to Emacs was learning about Slime, largely through Marco Baringer's videos (they're linked from this post: http://bc.tech.coop/blog/050728.html ) Dang. It's either that or a whole tonne of French mathematicians. Good work! Oh, let me tell you the lead-up there is perfect—serendipitous or otherwise. I had a smooth transition: "Really? That seems pretty interes---- oh man, brilliant!" "Humans can manipulate their tongue, breath, and fingers only so fast, so in theory we shouldn't really have to measure the music many thousands of times a second like we do on a CD." This seems widely flawed. Changes in play are limited by the dexterity of the player (and upper bounded by the dexterity of a body), but choices and timings aren't so mechanical. The exact timing (feel, even) of, say, a swung eighth requires quite a lot of resolution before it's done right. I'd love to see them, even after they get tonguing "down", do a double blind study in Jazz. Another detail oriented bit for you guys: There's a problem with your headers. The rounded corner sprite is a png and I believe, without doing too much testing, that difference in color profile rendering is causing it not to match the generated color of your columns. Solution: use gif. I feel sorry for pg. It wasn't intended poorly, but being called a "thought leader" just seems to ring so sketchily anymore. This is a remarkably common fallacy when interpreting false positives, false negatives, or sensitivity/specificity data. It's a shame Bayesian statistics isn't more commonly known as it's a good way to avoid the misconception. Simply put: extraordinary claims demand extraordinary support. If the prevalence of PGD is very low, you need a great deal of weak tests showing positive results or a hypothetical extremely sensitive and specific test showing positive results. Both routes are difficult and expensive. http://authenticjobs.com/ is a good place to put out a listing as well. A lot of designers, freelance or otherwise, watch that board. For the work I do in lab (testing anti-inflammatory drugs in in vitro neural models) I did some research into etanercept when the first paper was published. Etanercept works roughly by cleaning up that TNF-alpha which is plaqued around in Alzheimer's. It was FDA approved as an arthritis drug which (and I don't fully understand this part) allows doctors to attempt novel treatments using it without much further FDA approval. Etanercept really does appear to cure the symptoms of Alzheimer's, quickly . The real issues are long-term effects for this sort of treatment and whether cleaning up the TNF-alpha actually does anything for fixing the causes of Alzheimer's. They did publish something. I can't link the actual documents, but if you have access to the journals it's: Tobinick E, Gross H: Rapid cognitive improvement in Alzheimer's disease following perispinal etanercept administration . J Neuroinflammation 2008, 5. There's also a commentary paper, Griffin, W. Sue T.: Perispinal etanercept: Potential as an Alzheimer therapeutic . J Neuroinflammation 2008, 5. Calculus is, hands down, the best textbook I have ever bought. Create a first draft and iterate rapidly really ends up being a philosophy for almost anything that can be lumped into "design". It's a great message to espouse. A better wording is that your chance of having the disease if given a positive result from the test is 1/10000 (0.1%). That's a huge increase from a 0.0001% chance of having the disease, but it's still not flat out terrifying. Repeat testing can weed through the false positives at a speed proportional to its accuracy. The causation implied here is unlikely at best. More likely might be that until the last century no one had to deal with numbers large enough to need these kinds of statistics. He's stating that the evidence is P(Was Relative | Child Attacked) is relatively high, especially compared to P(Was Total Stranger | Child Attacked). This means that it should, if you use Bayes' Theorem correctly in everyday life, shift your suspicion away from the random photographer. Of course, since P(Child Attacked) is so very low it's still not a huge deal. It's not really backwards. That sort of inversion is exactly part of Bayes' Theorem. CSS, the language, is relatively simple. CSS, the kung fu, is a matter of learning how tons of edge cases and tricks come together. It's best to treat it like other programming languages: go find some websites that you respect the look of and ask yourself how did they make that effect? Then skim through this stuff: http://alistapart.com/topics/code/css/ I used Blueprint a long time ago, one of the earliest versions, and had a lot of trouble with it. Like any abstraction it's only flexible to a point and I feel like CSS being a presentation language means that that flexibility is hindered and your ability to recover weakened as compared to frameworks in turing complete languages. That being said I haven't used Blueprint in a long time and I've used CSS longer than I've used any language besides HTML. I'm probably not so much in the intended audience. I think some part of the Scribd hating of late is that — at least on osx — pdfs are actually pretty enjoyable. Scribd does a good thing given that they have to operate online through flash, but having pdfs actually be convenient at an OS level trumps that. I know it's no help for those stuck using Adobe, but it is, from my experience, some part of an explanation. If you can manage the mind-numbing, 1990s flash interface, here's another project that did a similar analysis: http://mapofscience.com/ Their site shows a similar, higher resolution map of science and maps it to a sphere. Pretty interesting. Running a literature search, Richard Klavans and Kevin Boyack published papers concerning science mapping between 2005-2006, so I imagine there was a good chance they were inspired by eigenfactor. It's a bit of satirical DH5. Nice. I use Moleskines not for how they look now, but for how they look later. It gives me a sense of satisfaction to have personal notes stored in an attractive way. For that's it's worth the premium, though I can understand dissent. I may go away from Moleskines if I decide I want to take the effort to copy and rebind old notes. It's a tempting route. Here's the problem with Moleskines: if you s/moleskine/notebook/g on almost any article written about them online you get exactly the same effect. My favorite putdown ever received on an English paper: "eradicate that word from your vocabulary" stemmed to an arrow pointing at "paradigm". I honestly had only used the word because I thought it was cool to pronounce "-digm". Like macros? Actually, constructively, opt-in blockquotes might be interesting: you have to click to expand what was quoted making it clear if someone is quoting too heavily. Darcs is pretty cool and innovated out a number of the DVCS features, but it's kind of dead in the water until they figure out the stalling problem where, from time to time, merges take essentially infinite time. A number of comments. 1. The layout is prehistoric. It harkens to the earliest days of internet design. Lose the global auto centering and create some blocks. Do this on a sketch pad and make as many variation as you can before deciding (see: http://v3.jasonsantamaria.com/archive//2004/05/24/grey_box_m... ). Also, if you don't want to actually make borders, ensure the blocks are small enough wrt the text to be well-defined. 2. The pallet chosen is diluted . An easy way to chose pallets is to use a program such as kuler.adobe.com and make an analogous or complementary pallet. Don't make the colors too intense and test them as much as you'd test any other part. 3. The typography runs together. Typography is becoming huge in online design and it's really hard to get right. To learn a bit, I suggest Mark Boulton's "Five Simple Steps" especially steps 4 and 5 ( http://www.markboulton.co.uk/journal/comments/five_simple_st... ). 4. Keep asking people . When you design something you never have a good idea of how effective it is. Asking people here and elsewhere is an absolute must, so this was definitely a good step. Hope those help and inspire. Oh no, not at all. Those cramped, futuristic styles are not the aim. It might be cool to try to pull them off as a retro style, but otherwise I'd stay far away. By 'block' I meant "display: block;" css statements, more or less. Take a look at the link from Jason Santa Maria for one example of those this can be interpreted; although, in my own designs I use them a little differently. It's more complex than just enabling font scaling. Many designs are not tested after fonts have been scaled causing breakages which render the page illegible. Additionally, for those shooting for the greatest cross-browser accessibility, different browsers scale differently based upon whether you define things in pixels, points, percentages, or ems. The really fun part is that Apple's policy states the developer must reimburse refunds 100%. Apple's 30% cut stays with them. Any money the dev got through "accidental" purchases is likely going to fly away again with interest. I've heard probabilities between 10^-19 and 10^-25. Better yet, if black holes start to form that take a little too long to evaporate it's probably quite likely they'll be detected before one capable of destroying the earth. This was on HN earlier today: http://cosmicvariance.com/2008/08/04/what-will-the-lhc-find/ Of course, the real question is how you managed to not check HN for almost all of Wednesday! I think of some Twitterers as becoming the poets of blogging. Their form: 140 words. It's not horribly restrictive, but the best can have a sensibility and quiescence not dissimilar to haiku. After you see that metaphor it just becomes a matter of whether you like poetry or just novels. Nielsen was relevant and aesthetically conventional something like 6 years ago. This was before web designers got the technological capacity to make the sites we enjoy today. Worse, the designers were often infatuated with the kind of aesthetics that was almost completely unreadable (tiny pixelgrid text; low contrast designs; very little "information ink"). In that context, useit was a bastion of sanity. Jump back to today's internet and you realize useit hasn't changed at all. Sensible considering his message has only changed evolutionarily instead of at the rapid pace of design sentimentality. Useit is a design achromatism today, but its message is still just as relevant as before. I remember, and it couldn't have been more than 15 years ago, when you could buy compasses in stores. At that time any curious 10 year old could pick up Calculus and get cranking. But today parents will get worried. Why isn't he out playing baseball or texting people? The police might even get involved. "Are you making vectors kid?" Today everyone says they should just go to school and do multiplication tables like all the rest. That way they won't grow up weird. Reading mathematics is always a huge ruse. Every part of it is designed to make years of sweat and blood look like a 15-second insight of vast subtlety. By design, of course. Er. No. "There are probably rather fewer mathematicians who conceive of themselves as artistic mathematicians." I know there are a number of people on HN running around who are accomplished mathematicians. I'm curious if they know of any mathematicians around who think of themselves as "artistic mathematicians" and focus on communication with laypeople of the deeper parts of math. Who around tries to sell math? The hostility is undoubtedly Zed's calling card, but I feel a great deal of affinity for it. Trial by fire keeps a well defined line between FU and everyone else. Selective permeability is how you maintain a gradient. If you have to think what the key combo is, use the mouse. And sacrifice ever getting to the point where you don't have to think. Isn't that the point? It's not for everyone, sure, but if you can just jump in and combat introversion all at once then more power to you and welcome to the FU. An exception: if you want to make a design that is not easy to do in just HTML/CSS, use Photoshop. Probably first. HTML/CSS is the Blub of design. It's easy and holds your hand, but if you know how to design and know the medium Photoshop makes it easier to do things unimaginable by those working just within HTML/CSS. So, please, feel free to not use Photoshop. For some, it'll work just fine. ( edit: I actually like to use Illustrator more, but a similar argument applies) Crispin Porter is once again rebranding through awkwardness. It's making me feel like Microsoft is a company from a Wes Anderson movie. Feels like it does mean the designer did not do a good job since I'm sure much of the YC crowd is more or less the core audience for Stack Overflow. True, my comment was a bit quick off the block. I didn't mean to imply that the average HN user and the average web-forum-programmer were anything similar. Except, perhaps, aesthetically. Maybe I'm wrong here too, but a failed visual design for HN readers is probably a failed design for the average web-forum-programmer, too. Then it's convenient that, additionally, those two tend to go hand in hand. Good design is prescient of an audience, yes. Often, however, good design applies widely to audiences it was never intended for. For instance, OXO brand kitchen supplies were designed to be big and easy to handle for the arthritic. I own a lot of their supplies because they're sturdy and easy to handle. I never use it and think "Wow. I'm feeling arthritic today" Similarly, Apple. Designing to make computing cool and succeeding wildly probably means the design will apply to a large number of unintended audiences as well. If you wear a suit and are professional, a glowing apple is still going to look better than a clunky black box. In a text editor. People don't want websites, though. They want services, products, information. The creation of those is a debated topic. At HN, miraculously, it might just be. With no intention to disagree with what you're saying, I want to bring up the point that "colleges are businesses" doesn't apply nearly as much as, well, "businesses are businesses". It's an approximate model at best. The poster child for this is the idea of "academic" work as being less valuable (in dollars, anyway) than work done in a business environment. It's more than just cultural — colleges don't suffer under market stress in quite the same way. Part of that effect is an appreciable tuition, walled garden style. So then you have to question what an academic "floating" environment can provide. If half the reason you're there is because you're already motivated to succeed without being there, what do you gain? Does Ivy League provide that in greater amounts? How much do connections and environment really matter? I feel like that might be the stronger question that'll lead to informative answers. Interesting parallel: Y Combinator is a breadth-first search through the possible solution space. It galvanizes a number of potential solutions (similar to following a number of promising concept designs) and eventually is successful. So, in my experience, concept designs are best used when two wildly varying ideas are able to combine. Do two failed startups take their ideas, mesh them together, and produce one new totally innovative one? I'd like to hear stories about that. So if it's sci-fi, what does that say about Nokia? From my skimming, I'm afraid the author is only picking up one of the three things that make The Poignant Guide, well, poignant. 1) Witty, offbeat humor (w/ +1 for cartoons) 2) Interesting examples tackled 3) Restructuring the lesson to work for people who have learning styles unappreciated by typical tutorials. I'm seeing routine examples like summing recursively/with foldr and implementing linked lists all within an outline not so different from any other Haskell tutorial. Of course, the real acid test is seeing what zany metaphor the author thinks up to describe monads with. This is, arguably, the biggest reason to use Monads in the first place, the typeclass thing. You don't even need Monads to have completely functional IO code. Clean's uniqueness types are another method, but you can actually do it with just plain types if you're dedicated. Oddly, monads just make things easier. Really. As dirty as it is, Microsoft was asking for this. It's not polite to tease, but when the head of the pack shows they're susceptible to it, it's going to happen. In an industrial design class I took this sort of methodology was heavily stressed using words like "divergent thinking" and "no-worry prototypes". Generally, I believe that the super-specializing niche engineering that's popular today is best served by broadening your base rather than sharpening your technical skills to stand out in a field of pins. I.e. marketing, ID design attitudes, learning to paint. In general there are several different textual elements to consider in a design. If you're waiting on someone to type an essay (or 5 full blog entries) before you've even set up your font grids, then you'll be in trouble. If you're working with specific copy, attention-grabbing copy, then the exact wording of that is on every bit the same level of detail as the rest of the design and it's pretty necessary to have a good rough draft of the wording before you start crafting the appearance. At the end of the day though, I find myself using Lipsum all the time to very good effect. While the list is noble, I have difficulty trusting the source. Other pages on the scriptol.org website are somewhat immature and, unsurprisingly, full of Scriptol propaganda. Developing a homoiconic entry in a distributed fashion. How awesome The RepRap machine uses polymer extrusion to draw your model, which wouldn't yet work for keys. If it's a good lock, you'd get a couple of uses out of it, but the pins would destroy your key and the torsion would bend it. I feel a need to defend sIFR. It was actually very carefully designed in order to preserve standards, navigation, and accessibility. sIFR is designed to a) be frosting on top of a standards compliant HTML cake and b) fail very gracefully in every combination of javascript or flash availability. When you design using sIFR you are heavily encouraged to build the design with common web fonts first and then simply overlay the sIFR to be optionally rendered when possible. It even preserves behaviors like anchoring and copy/paste. The idea does, at first, sound extremely convoluted and toxic, but should be instead thought of as a really clever hack to make interesting typographic design possible despite constraints of font distribution online. The line height issue comes, somewhat, from the argument about textual color. If you have no leading at all, the text ends up very cramped and dark which is considered very unfavorable. For instance, I'd bet you'd be hard pressed to find many books printed professionally which don't have at least half a line of leading. How leading affects someone's ability to scan lines, I don't know so much about. In my experience, medium text color is more pleasing to read in general -- I feel less eye strain, less cramped -- but I don't experience much difficulty following lines regardless of leading. Most good fiction is written with some message. It's not "just a story", but an illustration of a thought, experience, or feeling. To top it off, I read because it's fun. Why does everything have to have some Franklinesque color of self-improvement? I'm either crawling or racing through Infinite Jest at the moment. Comments on the book are withheld until I've both finished it and have had about a year to digest. I'm also reading GEB , The Interpreter of Maladies , and Confederacy of Dunces , but, really, I'm reading IJ . Reg, as usual, is making Ruby do some pretty exotic gymnastics, but more than the language extensions themselves, I just really want to read To Mock a Mockingbird now. After reading this article I went to take a look at Google Image Service. I played for about two seconds before deciding my keystrokes could be applied to better things But then I felt like I was doing really poorly entirely because my partner was dumb and continued to play for 30 minutes just like that. My point: rationality isn't always the most important driving factor. I doubt it. It's effectiveness relies on the fact that CCR5 isn't so common as to force microevolution. Like antibiotics, something like this needs to be applied very carefully. Oh man, it's nearly time to start investing in Transmittable Tableaux. I don't think I'm ever paying full attention in IMs. 90 petabytes: the "Deep Web" in 2002 - includes private databases, controlled-access sites and so on. 6 years ago, oh my. Matlab is, to the programmer with experience in almost any other language, a tremendous horror. The language is almost as cobbled together and inconsistent as PHP with the added bonus of being worked on almost exclusively by engineers instead of people who actually want to write programs (this coming from an engineering student here). That being said, if you have the mathematical chops to rearrange your problem into something solvable via matrix transformations, you can probably write it quickly and elegantly in Matlab without worrying too greatly about execution speed. Better, the built in toolboxes have already solved huge (engineering) problem spaces. Code already written is better than code potentially written... Unless you want a solution that is repeatable or more general than Matlab affords. At that point you'd be better off doing the math by hand. I feel that the Python et al and C solutions fit into this niche. Prototype the math in Matlab, implement in a language that doesn't suck. I would consider Matlab to be a DSL grown out of control. If you are working purely with matrix/vector/tensor math, as you say, you can be reasonably comfortable with the language as long as you remember to double-check the docs on nearly every function before you use it just in case there is some strange edge-case it handles awkwardly. Unfortunately, in any real project I've ever done with Matlab you cannot survive just inside the matrix DSL and once you start touching the bolted-on bits you lose patience very quickly. So, I suppose I agree, it's a nice DSL, but I'd also wager that the majority of people using it don't realize the limitations implicit there. Anecdotal ramblings, spotty biochemistry, and a few fuzz charts. Edward Tufte would make a poignant chart describing the aneurysm he'd get from reading this. That being said, I anecdotally agree with the thesis: Drink coffee to improve your natural strengths instead of trying to BigPharma more hours into the day. They are one of the best examples of new UI I've seen in a while. They've clearly done a lot of work here — it looks nice and feels very responsive — especially in avoiding the pitfalls of unfamiliarity. You know, forget Rails, forget Mongrel. I'll keep using Ruby for a long time because _why is here, making wonderful, beautiful toys. This would have the added bonus of being the kind of decision that keeps the pipes from redditing up. Disclaiming that I'm more of a statistics enthusiast than a real statistician, here's how I understand the schism. Bayesian (subjective) and Frequentist (objective) are two schools of thought about how statistics should operate. One of the best ways to think about the difference is to call Bayesians pragmatic and Frequentists rigorous. In that face of trying to quantify something you don't know, Bayesians take the stance that if you just say something — even if it's incorrect — and then keep adjusting it as more data comes in then you'll eventually have a valid statement. The idea is that even if your model is only so correct, at least you have one. Unfortunately, no one can actually prove that sort of thing actually works all of the time. It just seems to. Frequentists faced with this situation instead try to understand the reason why something is happening and then model it from the beginning. By considering these rigorous models and testing them against data they eventually build a resilient model for the unknown which validates. That is, unless they don't, in which case Frequentists are kind of out of luck. So when you're talking about statistics, which is all about trying to model things you don't understand, Bayesians and Frequentists get up in arms all the time because they each have something to call foolish about one another. The coolest part is that this sort of schism is being reflected in the world of physics as well where Frequentists are in the Newtonian/Einsteinian school but, bit by bit, that worldview is being shaken up by Quantum. Hire a designer and a copywriter because the way it is now tells me absolutely nothing. My first impression was that you could purchase these chemicals from the interface. Play up the social aspects of it, too. As of now, I don't see what differentiates your site from PubChem (besides speed). Hooking into a spectroscopy database would not be half bad either. In my experience I think in English 90% of the time. When working problems requiring a lot of spatial insight, I pretty easily switch to something more visual and visceral. This also happens when I'm drawing and sometimes when I'm playing music. I'm also learning Chinese. It is anything but an easy language to learn, I'll say, and I don't feel like I'll be thinking fluently in it anytime soon. That being said, if I concentrate and force myself to think in Chinese I can get by with a huge hit to rate of thought. It's something I practice from time to time despite the frustration. Makes me think of that Einstein quote: "It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity" Perhaps some sort of interaction history that shows the last few threads you commented in if they've had any responses. For me, the extra width worked rather well. When I first hit the site, the sidebar was hidden and I focused entirely on the article. At the end, I noticed the little white arrow cue and scrolled over to get extra information about Dustin and his website. I'm not certain if this was a premeditated design choice, but it actually played out very nicely. I feel that math will probably show it's head in studying neuronal networking; after all, we're going to want to model it someday. As a frequent biker in Atlanta: that is exactly the advice people walking need to learn . It is so difficult to avoid people when they keep jumping. (The second most critical bit is to not walk on a handicapped sidewalk ramp if a biker is coming) My notebooks do similar things. My trick to keeping it organized and "professional" is to skip a page and summarize your doodles. It's like an index to your brain. A little conceptual snippet from GEB: Everything in mathematics can be seen from a "meaningless" perspective. In some sense everything from algebra to complex analysis can be stripped of meaning by thinking of them as just "a rearrangement of symbols according to a set of arbitrary rules". And, somewhere, that's really all they are. It's only once we apply an interpretation to these operations that they become "math". Same with numerical rearrangement. Just because it seems like it's just a algorithmic manipulation doesn't mean there isn't an interesting interpretation of the meaning somewhere. To be pathological, take the phrase X2YZ to mean "X + Y = Z if X X" and both 1234 and 3241 are true. Now that manipulation suddenly has a whole lot of (silly) meaning. Oh, sure. My reply was more of a meta argument than really a defense of the meaning of 6174. There's no reason to say that there isn't some property of its representation in base N that isn't useful, but it's pretty unlikely to be general in any interpretation we're used to dealing with (thus the re-representation of "2"). The action of the electronic system is so effortless that, compared with mechanical levers, it leaves users feeling almost disconnected from the bike. That seems like it'll be the death of the product for many. Ah, yes, open source electronic medical records - a panacea for the health care industry. Vendors have been pushing this one for years, with little success, as they don't understand that the inefficiencies in health care keep a lot of people in work. And inefficiencies in health records kill a lot of people just the same. But, you know, vendors don't get the market. The whole suite of Vista fonts is actually very, very good. Which surprises me pretty much daily. It's definitely cool and nearly the first thing I noticed as well, but it'll confuse exactly everyone besides those with experience in both english and chinese. Attributed to Einstein: "Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." (Also, is it just me or does a result like "long methods had to be changed least" seem both rather spun and probably two-edged?) My computer went into the shop 5 days ago. Relying on Uni comp labs has sufficed, barely, to get my work done, but it's also been incredibly relaxing to not have the thing in my spare time. Just about the exact same experience with swing dancing as well. It's a slightly different crowd: higher energy, more into the flourish than the candles, but still it's easy to learn, fun to do, and a wonderful way to meet women. It could, but you can verify that our eyes cannot detect loss of blue information even in the parts of the image that are rather blue (her wristwatch, the car in the background, the edge of the windshield, the stripe on the towel). In each of those cases fidelity is more damaged by loss of quality in the other Another thing that differentiates humor on HN from humor elsewhere is that disrespectful commentary, no matter the level of wit, is rejected. While this is sort of interesting, it strikes me as largely price constrained. Really, the physical act DNA transfection is a menial lab task that is essentially glorified mixing where the major challenge is ensuring correctness and sterility (neither of which seem to be a concern in biohacking). At my college they'll let any enthusiastic freshman do that week one after just a couple hours of training (mostly concerned with correctness, sterility, and what drawer the pipets are hidden in). The more interesting thing would be if they could biohack PCR, sequencing, or even cDNA creation but all of those run into intense price barriers rather fast as you start to need enzymes and machinery. Some of the basic assays could be purchased for rather cheaply if the cost (in the several hundreds for the materials to do around 100 tests) was split. Not to say that all of this might become possible on the cheap in the future (PCR wouldn't be that hard if you purchase Taq polymerase, ~$100/100 rxns) but it amused me to read a comic excitedly proclaiming a DIY kit for unsterile, inconsistent transfection. I've been using the Mac version for a month or so now. My experience has been pretty pleasant: the slight hue shift serves both to decrease eye strain and to suggest that it's getting late (an unintended but useful consequence). I personally am not sure that the ease on my eyes really comes from the hue shifting or simply from the reduced contrast, but either way I enjoy the effects of the program. Easily the biggest problem I have is that the Mac version doesn't actually gradually shift hues and so when it makes its sudden change at around 7pm it literally hurts my eyes as they attempt to adjust. That Anscombe example sheds light on the misuse of r^2. All of those examples have the same r^2 value. I'm not an expert -- more of a hobbyist who is actively trying to improve my statistical chops -- but I don't think there's ever a general metric for this sort of thing. For any statistic it's important to demonstrate that it's being used as intended so that its lay translation means what it seems to mean. I mean, r^2 isn't all that misleading if your relation really is linear. R^2 plus a graph of the regression would be sufficient. Just taking a look at the residuals of the Anscombe sets easily shows that linear fitting (thus r^2) is inappropriate for sets 2-4. (btw: if you fit the second Anscombe data set with a 2nd order polynomial, r^2 = 1. Of course, it's pretty clear that there's hardly any error in that set.) You'll have to ask again in another 3 years when the first of those get provisional FDA approval for clinical trials. I have the same experience as the op and suggest that it's pretty multidimensional. Climbing puts a lot of stress on your hands and you simply have to both increase strength, flexibility, and overall hand health to climb effectively. It's kind of the anti-RSI. If you find mainstream coffee enjoyable, by all means stay with it! Homebrewed (lit.) coffee will definitely teach you to taste deficiencies in everything from restaurants to Starbucks, but if you don't already think they're there then it's definitely either cheaper or easier to just stay innocent. My experience was out of frustration with what I felt was watery or burnt or too sugary. Homebrew fits the bill perfectly. YMMV, yeah? I, American student working in China for a while, had a chance to take a look at Bing just before it went under (and Google itself is operating at maybe 25% tonight) and noticed that it had highly localized search results. I feel that Bing probably was trying to play along with the Chinese government but with June 4th just around the corner it's a very tight ship. My experience with Chinese college students this last month has given me essentially the same impression. The interesting part though is that, widely, they are very self aware and frustrated by this. It's hard not to draw a line directly between exam-based curricula and these sorts of techniques. The above wasn't meant to be a judgmental statement, though I realize now that they way it was written came off that way. More appropriately I should have written something to the extent: Many of the Chinese students I have met over the last month have expressed this same concern (without and without provocation) that educational systems in China stress too heavily testing and rote memorization. Additionally, at least at PKU, there is an increasing motion toward "western" teaching and evaluation methods, especially in post-graduate studies, which are considered an improvement. The same critiques have been provided by American college students, of course, but comparatively the systems seem to suggest that American colleges produce more "real life" experiences which aid students especially in research settings. I agree entirely that there is plenty "art for art's sake" practiced every day here. A simple example includes the man who teaches his child calligraphy several mornings each week outside painting it in water on the concrete. My Chinese isn't strong enough to have a deep conversation with this man, but it was plain that he's doing it just because he loves his art and wants to show that to his son. Finally, I'd like to refute the pigeonholing: I've studied Chinese for two years and am here now both to do research and have those deep encounters you refer to. I can't say I have anything comparable to your experience, but I also feel I'm on the side of trying not to make superficial generalizations. "How close are they of hacking your brain"? Not very, despite the author's thorough Wikipedia research. Mind reading, though, that might not be so far away. If you're curious search around for "MRI SVM whole brain classification". Seconded on the prog rock. A recommendation also goes out for godspeed you!\? black!\? emperor!\? (escapes represent the regex-uncertainty of where they put that damn exclamation point) I disagree. I think the more primal idea (to be taken with all the requisite salt) is that you need to make things as simple as possible but no simpler. [Maybe attributed to Einstein? I'm not sure] In music "more nuance" often can go to far. I went to a concert a few days ago that was had a green noise-pop band as an opener. I really enjoyed their concept, but I wanted to go up there and physically remove some of their nuance. It was too layered, too complex, too cerebral. The pivotal thing though is that I liked their concept. I think the things they were trying to build, and the emotions they were trying to invoke were great. They just needed to spend more time whittling away to that solid core and less time playing with loops on their laptops. So yeah. "If it sounds good, it is good." But that's the kind of statement that takes "simpler is better" more or less axiomatically. I think if adherence to simplicity prevents you from creating what you want to create they you're doing it wrong. Or better: that his pseudonym will outlive his self as a way to describe and cherish those types of people. _Why as an ideal instead of just a person. Living in CN where *.blogspot.com is blacklisted, it's really, really troublesome. You'd be surprised how much knowledge and opinion is stored there even if it's frequently a little obnoxious. Concerns about the results aside I found it wonderful that the people who carried out the experiment, while not producing a bulletproof scientific analysis, were very thorough and kept to the stated aim to have a fair scientific trial. Blinded randomization, repeated measurements, and further information about those tests would have been interesting to see, but the article manages to largely avoid jumping to unwarranted conclusions. They asked a fair question; performed systematic, documented experiments; and then produced compelling research to support their theory. Altogether it's a testament to using science to explore everyday questions. I like Ruby (culturally) more than Python. Python has NumPy/SciPy/and friends, so I use Python. This, I feel, is a strong point for most who are using a scripting language to do scientific work. That's pretty much exactly how I feel. I personally love R. More specifically I love how everything is implemented (at least sketchily) in it. Most specifically, I love how its plots look. If it could handle the large data sets I'm working with these days (MRI 3D+time images, sometimes multiple contrasts at once) I would use it a lot more. So yeah, RPy is another big win for the Python side of things. Not if you guilt us about it at the same time. I've never been too socially anxious, so I wouldn't have felt this article — while inspiring — was very pertinent to me. It has a more general message though: if you feel anxious, the only route to recovery is by passing through it. I'm currently living in a foreign country making due with limited language skills and my experiences learning to use the language in a real situation mirror this Social Skydiving experiment. You have to find the fun in failure. Did the Ars rewrite add anything to the Pew Report besides some thin speculation and ambiguous wording? No wonder scientists don't like journalists. If you already understand limit proofs of calculus go ahead and read the first chapter and the epilogue to get a pretty complete picture on infinitesimal calculus. These suggestions aren't very good suggestions for making charts in general. Instead they seem to be biased for an audience which doesn't want to parse and understand your data but simply be wowed by hand-waving and feel quantitative reassurance in that belief. John Tukey (I believe) suggested that there were two broad classes of charts: exploratory and descriptive. Exploratory (Tufte style) seek to visually describe as many variances in your data and their relations both to one another and the marginal totals. With all this at hand, a careful analysis may reveal patterns and idiosyncrasies in your data. Descriptive comes later, once you know what you want to present, and seeks to maximize the visibility of whatever detail you're highlighting while providing appropriate context. It's the kind of statistic that "lies" via omission (or, rather, selective attention) but it also leaves the hints that let a careful reader suspect a larger picture. Godin's suggestions don't really produce either of these though. Without contextualization his graphs are simply ethos arguments wrapped up in a white lab coat. Not to rag on him: I'm sure he knows this, too. These aren't really suggestions for good graphs but instead for good presentation of technical matters to non-technical audiences: an endeavor which is probably doomed to live as a half-lie. I've been living in Beijing for the last two months and the situation is basically identical here except that taxis are more expensive and there's a well-developed subway. The real trick though is that most people just have normal bikes. The people I see most on e-bikes either work as delivery people (McDonald's is notorious for this: they wear a red uniform and zoom around on major streets) or seem to have to carry some weight for other purposes. Any bundle in which both Guy and someone else approach Carol yields (c) and has reward value 0. Oh, so that's how it works? No wonder this situation seems out of balance. Instead, I would suggest that in the p_star case, N is only the number of other guys who (from Guy's perspective) are more interesting (attractive, well-spoken, outgoing) which helps to keep N down for any suitably attractive, confident Guy. That changes Carol's p_none too. Now she's getting the product across some distribution of p_stars from guys around her, each of which is related to the apparent value of the dating pool and individual confidence. I haven't worked the math, but it definitely seems like p_none The character is different, sure, but the female ta (她) is a relatively recent linguistic invention. I'm not sure about the inanimate ta (它) but I imagine a similar story. In casual speech there is really little distinction. If someone needs to clarify, they tend to use 女 and 男. I want to recommend all of Hadley Wickham's R packages, actually. Ggplot2 is one of the best R plotting packages around, easily, but --- since one of the biggest initial problems with learning R is figuring out how to use the 20-or-so built-in functions to manipulate data to the right shape --- I have to doubly-recommend Plyr and Reshape as well. I think that's the real way to learn R. Play with it until you're thoroughly frustrated, then download a few packages like Reshape and learn them. They'll probably have better documentation and typically have some really specific use cases which will help you understand how to use R toward its strengths. I spent a lot of time talking with people in the Haidian District in Beijing. This area is contains the two most prominent (and many, many lesser) universities in China so it's interesting to see the general opinion of people around there. The unfortunate part is that it's a whole lot of apathy. I'm sure it's not easy, even for a foreigner, to find the heart of some people willing to speak or move against the Chinese government, but so many who I ran in to were casually trying to remain in their own world disjoint from the government. They feel a little rebellious just to support the stores that sell ironic Mao Zeodong merchandise and love to mildly mention that the government is really not that great here. That's about the depth of what I actively observed. I'll disclaim that I didnt' spend much time talking to those in what would have been the most charged fields (politics or philosophy, perhaps), but the general apathy was sort of disheartening. It's not all negative though. The educated Chinese are largely embracing the internet and desire to involve themselves more. For many, they give you a surprised look when you ask them about bypassing the firewall: you mean you don't have access to a proxy? Really? I thought everyone did . If this is the face of the new Tank Man, it's definitely going to be a different ride, but the transformative power of an enormous information pipeline plugged into the future leaders of your country still seems pretty portent. And ethnic strife would need to be the topic of a whole essay. China has cultural problems there, too. Championing Zooming Nabbing Being a connoisseur (commoisseuring?) Sifting Trying to hit some words that aren't just CS/Engineering oriented. I absolutely agree with all of the points Chad makes here! I just recently returned from a 3 month stay in China after studying Chinese for two years and feel the same. An interesting story was when I met another American traveler in a hostel in Shanghai. He was clearly loving his time exploring China, but every time we spoke I felt so bad for him. He was absolutely shackled to the parts of town where he could safely tread or easily find. I would spend a day wandering through streets, major and minor, dipping into shops or checking out maps to find new locations. I could fearlessly walk into a restaurant and have some idea of what I would be getting into. Best of all, I could ask anyone to help me out or just to tell me about their country -- and in a place like China, with thousands of years of rich history, people love to tell you wonderful stories about their country. When you speak someone's language, they feel comfortable around you. They're willing to help you out or listen to you try to explain things you're not quite capable of. There's an immediate reciprocation of the effort you put into that immersion in their warmth and desire to help. Better, if you go somewhere where foreigners are less common (seated train rides in China are a particular example) everyone is excited to meet and share with you. All of these things are pretty much inaccessible if you don't speak the language. So, as stereotypical as the desire to stop being monolingual is for your average American, absolutely do learn another language and then go use it. You can't imagine how tiny a chunk of the world you live in until you do. Asian languages pose a difficulty to those of us only familiar with European languages, certainly. I cannot speak for Japanese directly, but at the highest level Chinese presents the (really quite large) challenges of a writing system where thousands of words are completely orthogonal and there is little (but not zero) connection between a word's written form and its pronunciation; a spoken language that depends on tonal motion to convey meaning at the word level similarly to how an English speaker modifies the connotation of a sentence using tone; and the concept of a language built around slightly different motivating philosophies such as outlining things chronologically instead of descriptively as English does. To my knowledge Japanese shares the first one, not the second, and has the added difficulty of an extremely pervasive system of honorifics which greatly modify the spoken language. That all being said, if you keep an open mind Chinese isn't that difficult to learn. Characters will, after you learn several hundred, begin to form something which feels not unlike a vast alphabet (many people recognize the idea of radicals, but this extends to characters which are collections of other characters though not really radial/phonetic style). Speech is definitely going to be difficult for a long time and you will probably experience a lot of frustration if you think for any instant it'll be comparative to learning a language you've already got a foothold on. Finally, while you might have a slightly easier time than me with an Indian cultural background, I pretty firmly believe that language and culture are inescapably bound and if you don't have that and don't get a chance to experience it your learning prospects will be crippled. So yeah. It's not easy. Then again, if I were in your position I'd pretty much jump into one immediately. If you learn Chinese (Mandarin/Putonghua) you could probably jump into some of the more common dialects (Cantonese/Guangdonghua) or Korean relatively quickly. I'm not sure if the same thing happens with Japanese. The other motivation is that sales end . Once someone thinks that they could save X*3/4 dollars if they bought it now the question has become when they're going to buy it, not if. Physcab suggests a great step #2: diving into some real statistics problems. The information available online today is more than at that point. Step #1 is going to be getting the foundations so that you can quickly digest the meaning and purpose of things like machine learning. Fortunately, statistics can be largely summarized as "the science/math/art of explaining variance". Study what variance is and means and you'll dive through probability, distributions, modeling, inference, prediction, parametrization, simulation, and all of those fun topics while keeping an understanding for why they exist. Finally, I'd highly suggest taking a look at Tufte's work because once you understand variance, you've still got to explain it. Well, we are talking about the measurements of the Z boson being inaccurate (at really, really, really high levels of precision), not that the boson itself is somehow changing mass. Sounds like a lot of fun to be had with super precise measurements in any case. I'd love to be the guy who decided I bet that low frequency monthly term is the tides, let's just regress it out shall we? It's a pretty graph, but oh do I ever wish it was just a bar chart or something. Comparing areas accurately is difficult. For instance, comparing the Chinese gov't stimulus package versus the New Deal. The two squares look just about equivalent despite one being a full 14% larger. Other methods of comparison could make that pretty clear. I love how this post incidentally highlights the differences between science/statistics and information-centric graphic design and then shows how easily they become unified when you just touch the "scientific method" even tangentially. We can all argue about his model now and think critically about the threat of nuclear suicide due to a simple hypothesis, curious data, and some nice visualization to communicate it quickly. Maybe in this case, but since he's not showing the error bars nobody really knows. The question of whether 14% difference is significant isn't even something you are able to cogently discuss within the bounds of this infographic. Multiple comparisons across bar charts could cover the same points of the current chart (you're not really comparing things of greater than an order of magnitude apart with any sort of accuracy), but I'm also not terribly defensive of the bars. There's just nothing all that great about area comparisons of squares, especially when the layout is somewhat arbitrary. If something claims to be scientific but leaves you with less questions than you came in with it's lying. Agreed. It's pretty clear the 80+ group is picking up an integration of a longer tail. You can also clearly note the exponential death rate eating away the effect of the baby boomer impulse. So yeah, sounds like Apple is more or less shooting straight. They're facing a huge problem (hundreds of submissions per day) and are trying to be decent about it. The Google Voice thing is annoying but not altogether unsurprising since no one is really pretending this is an open platform: Google is of course free to provide Google Voice on the iPhone as a web application through Apple’s Safari browser, just as they do for desktop PCs, or to provide its “Google-branded” user experience on other phones, including Android-based phones, and let consumers make their choices. In other words: just try it Google. You're going to play by our rules here. SEO? With something like that you could programattically find semantic locations with lower coverage and then sell the knowledge that you could possibly attack that keyword. For instance, I'd love to see a chart which plotted frequency of use in an English corpus against some hypothetical Google-coverage variable. Anything that's a strong outlier from something like an exponential curve could be a good target. Yeah, sure. Might beat sitting in line in traffic; seeing the inside of just one office building many, many times; eating unhealthy food because you're too lazy to cook good stuff; not getting any exercise; and constantly being concerned about your schedule; and doing this all in the same locale you spend every day of your life in. I mean: it's an adventure. There may be some miserable bits, but if you're spending $600 and traveling around the US and not having some kinds of fun, not learning something new, then you're probably going out of your way to fail. Even if the whole experience IS miserable, you're going to learn a lot about your ability to persevere. And he doesn't have a choice here? In everyday life you make a sacrifice to step away from that optimized, possibly terrible schedule. If DC really just cannot possibly stand to perform this schedule any more he can revert to just traveling normally and freely whenever he wants. The only loss is the bragging rights to having visited every Jet Blue city in a month. His choice. Biochemists use easily hundreds of different techniques to elucidate, logically or probabilistically, details about cellular processes. They take serious advantage of techniques like optical properties of solutions and selective targeting of fluorescent tags to visualize effects. Moreover, they tend to abuse the very nanomachine proteins they're trying to study in order to study them further. A simple example (the names are removed to make this easier to digest, but if you're curious it's the action of Glyceraldehyde-3-Phosphate Dehydrogenase in glycolysis) involves a protein which is known to play a part in the breakdown of glucose. This protein catalyzes the addition of a "high energy" phosphate to our compound so we can break it down further while also pulling off a reactive hydrogen (and adding it to NAD+ to make NADH) so the cell can use that later (another kind of energy like ATP). Biochemists, assuming they can already purify the compound and know the overall reaction, investigated the action of the enzyme by mixing in a highly reactive fluorescent-tagged molecule that looks similar to the product of the reaction. This molecule bound permanently to the inside of the enzyme which was then denatured and sequenced, looking for whatever amino acid showed the fluorescent tag (cysteine). Then the inserted modified reagents which contained radioactive hydrogen and phosphate to figure out where exactly those molecules ended up. In this way they learned where the enzyme added the phosphate to the product and exactly which hydrogen was removed from the initial compound to make that NADH. Biochemistry is a really fascinating story of minute triumphs of discovery. Unfortunately, like any part of science like that, it means that the day-to-day life of a biochemist is backbreaking and tedious. Regardless, if you're interesting, there is a lot of fun stuff to study. Oh, and as far as imaging goes, it's simply amazing what has been done with X-ray crystallography. And that's the crux of scientific modeling! There's a pretty famous quote to the effect of scientists don't stay up at night wondering if they're testing the right thing, but instead if they chose the right controls . Are you advocating total awareness of the world? Total immersion in both refulgent horror and terrible wonder? Constant consideration of ounce of harm you inflict on the world around you? An unclosing eye toward this miracle of entropy we call home? Unending empathy toward every single person you pass and even those you never meet. Total awareness that your own personal self has quite possibly culminated and now has only got forty years of slowly turning to dust. At some point you've got to shield your eyes; or, put it differently, find an interpretation you're comfortable with and settle down. Who can claim to not lie to themselves every day just to put their next foot forward? Even if you can see the honor, the honesty, in living that way I highly doubt you can survive. If you can, write a book about it. I think David Foster Wallace tried. Life isn't science. If you can go to a museum and enjoy the paintings, you can embellish the way you interpret your own sight. And if you're going to do it, why not pick a beautiful story? Reminds me of a subway station in Beijing. It's one of the more popular ones, an exchange between major lines, and once people exit the train they need to go down stairs to get to the other platform. Just in front of the stairs is an enormous shoulder-height roadblock, ostentatiously there to prevent the mass from just shoving people down the stairs. Oddly, though, it also makes the traffic just breeze through that part of the station. People near the obstruction form nice orderly lines and, knowing that it's totally useless to try to push by, keep them. Later down the stairs there's a 90 degree turn and immediately the crowd slows down again Can you say there aren't trolls in the walls that grant us creativity? Can you assume that genius still happens in a vacuum? Can you hope to describe these things fully, attribute it to humanism? Perhaps the human achievement is in becoming an antenna for the inspiration of our chaotic world? I mean, no. I don't advocate intentional blindness to problems in our world. I would even go so far as to actually advocate a greater awareness of the weight of our impact in the world. We can learn something from knowing more what the impact of a dollar is. But humans are nothing if not machines for selective attention. If every time I bought my lunch I thought about the fertilizers dripping into the ocean causing immense algal blooms full of asphyxiated fish and oh the smell! I'd probably starve. If your life, the thing that puts you closest to your own understanding of divinity, is being creative; if you honestly have to face the idea of never being able to communicate like you did that one time not so long ago; if you have to keep going in face of that, well, I know what I'm not going to expend my attention toward. But even so, the speech wasn't about finding ways to ignore some nasty personal tragedy. It's about finding an interpretation on the charity and capriciousness of the creative process. What really is the best way to contextualize the immense amount of discipline and work and training that goes into creation that can all amount to precisely nothing without something widely considered to be external to us? Genius is 99% perspiration, 1% inspiration. Even when we can assume the sweat, we're still might end up short one spark. What gives? (I apologize for the waxing here, but god this is such a fascinating philosophical question.) Try this: http://www.paulgraham.com/onlisp.html Ulysses , haha. Not entirely ouch. Much like when I read Portrait of the Artist I am pressed between wanting to stab Joyce for having obnoxious and terrible worldviews and steal his flatcap for its clearly mystical powers of English wrangling. I guess those aren't exactly mutually exclusive. Haha! I feel so justified. I've been doing this for years. I also, as a rampant sketcher and hobbyist graphic designer, got into the habit of making anything I know will be up there for some time somewhat artistic looking. The variety of styles serves as a coding system (using obvious design strategies like big and bold for important deadlines) and make it so that if anyone asks I just say it's a sort of spontaneous work of art. Future two-variable surveys like this should definitely consider taking Dave's Hacker Survey data ( http://davelyon.net/mldata.html ) into perspective. The 21-35 range seems to cover something like 1.5 sd on either side — around 85% of us if we assume normality. Investing more of these poll choices to age resolution within that range would have been interesting. We've all probably read this many times, but for me this is the first time I realized how incredibly suppositional the essay is. Largely it's an appeal of pathos and ethos and while I intuitively agree with its various conclusions, it'd be fascinating to see some of the more measurable suppositions (GDP v. Civil Liberties, which I'm sure exists somewhere) next to it. Traveling, like most other activities, really is contingent on how much work you put into it. Traveling passively is easy to do and essentially useless. You go somewhere else, rapidly seek out the things that make you comfortable, and then sit there bothered by how these approximations don't quite make you as comfortable as you would have been if you never left. You might go try the tourist gig a little, snap some pictures to prove to your friends and family you were wherever, and then go and hide some more. It seems hyperbolic, but go to any practically and hostel in a developed city worldwide and you'll find a group of Americans doing just that (not to mention other debaucheries). Traveling actively is basically the exact opposite of that. It takes research, bravery, spontaneity, social skill, and a boat load of curiosity. When you travel like this though you can paint yourself into entirely new environments and see the ways you expand, you can look back into the ways you live normally and then pick and choose the parts you like the most. In this way you can actively change your own world and certainly put yourself in a better place to continue making positive changes. Most immediately: you'll soften your bias and become aware of the biases of others, you'll understand the traditions of your culture and be better able to interpret their necessity or value, you'll become experienced in some other culture able to interpret things through a slightly different point of view. Together these things can be used to vastly improve your home or can become skills to help you change the world. Of course, if you want to travel and at that very moment do some active changing, you may want to try something like Peace Corps, Doctors/Engineers Without Borders, or other world health initiatives. You should be careful though because if you don't have the experience which can let you isolate your own cultural biases a little then you may get connected with some group which will inhibit your ability to learn. In my opinion, this is the trap which things like mission trips fall into and, as an effect, they may become some kind of mixture of harm and benefit. Thomas Andrews (1873 – 1912) died with 1,516 others when his innovative, "unsinkable" design for the RMS Titanic proved to be much more sinkable than he had anticipated. Seems to be a little violation of NPOV, and a very sad one at that, but I can't help but grin. Unlike web typography, PDFs usually use font embedding to ensure that they display "identically" on all platforms. To do this, some subset of the intended font is included in the PDF file. Due to this habit, you probably wouldn't think of a PDF as using Calibri or Georgia. It could use one, the other, or both. Font choice becomes a static thing. This is pretty fascinating. The most important thing I notice almost immediately is that there are generally two classes of articles: 1. those which reach the front page by virtue of quickly getting a few votes while they are young and then dwindle 2. those which barely reach the front page and have some kind of resurgence (discernible by a large jump in front page rank). It'd be interesting to group articles based on how they perform like this and see if there are any other correlated factors. My feeling is that the ones with resurgence are either long and require some amount of karma "activation energy" before people are willing to dive into them or that they're ones with long conversation chains which have a spike for similar reasons. It's not blur, it's overlapping line segments with some transparency effect. Not great for visualization, I agree. I would not want to go down a hill on that thing. I find that after a little practice with typography, my handwriting moved to something similar to this naturally (including air joins when necessary). I've recently worked a bit to reacquire my cursive skills, and as someone who practices both pretty fluently I'll vouch for italic as being easier to read and easier/faster to write. My general handwriting is italic-form. I use block lettering, classic straight lettering, and cursive as various ways to denote headings and sidenotes. I think it's a pretty perfect upgrade. It's still bare-metal minimalist and that's a nice association with something like tarsnap. The only thing place I think might need improvement is that first 5 minutes while someone internalizes what exactly tarsnap is. I can't judge it myself since I already got over that hump, but something as simple as a transcript of a backup session with a hint toward the strong security features would go nicely on the front page. I do like "online backups for the truly paranoid" I think it gets the concept out nicely, but I remember the first time I looked at tarsnap being slightly confused about the mechanism. I don't feel like I'm much help because I can't tell what clicked when I suddenly felt comfortable with the idea. The security part doesn't need to be anything more than a nod toward that core. Maybe something along the lines of: Bomb-proof backup in two commands: Nothing terribly fancy but putting a glimpse of the exact product right on the front page seems good. A user can digest that there's (a) encryption (b) online backups (c) a nice pricing scheme in all of about 30 seconds. Not quite. I would argue the total opposite in fact. The cited study postulates in the discussion that Tip of Tongue events come from simple reduced frequency of use in any given word stemming from a much larger lexicon. There's no evidence at all suggest that there's actually a neurological disadvantage to bilingualism. Also, it seems pretty counterintuitive to think that practice in an entirely new cognitive arena, something like a new language, could do anything but improve your ability to process language. If there's a paper out there I'd love to read it. Though I don't have aggregate data, I don't think Amazon has this issue. People seem able to differentiate within the 2-4 range when there's an actual purchase involved. Then again, Amazon doesn't account for the statistical uncertainty of votes, so it's a little odd as well. When I used Vimperator (I finally changed back just because I don't like how FF performs on OS X) I found I was strongly bimodal — surprise — where I'd spend the majority of my time just using the keyboard, both hands, and then if something demanded the mouse I shift to my trackpad. The thing I want to point out is how loathe I became to switch to that trackpad. Vimperator makes you despise flash even more. I think HN has always been an experiment. Playing with fire sounds almost like a compliment then. Off topic, but you can test recognition a lot easier. Show a huge list of randomly generated names with real ones mixed in and measure galvanic skin response. MRI would be hugely expensive and probably totally inconclusive really. If you must do both statistics and interpretation, be absolutely certain to keep the roles separate. or If you have nothing else to go by, put the most trust in the statistician who, at the end of the day, admits they don't know how to interpret their results. Is it another change to HN that handles don't show up sometimes? Any background for this change or is it a bug? In my usage, the orange dot is getting confused with the orange star of "this is my post". I like the consistent color scheme, but maybe there needs to be something else to make it more distinct. Other than that, I really like it. Oi! Those bar graphs confused me for so very long. A better graphic would have been a scatterplot or time series chart and the x label should be something like "repetition no." or "trial no." Latest news being: Bugbase, the core module you build from, now has WiFi baked in. Bug always interested me in the same way Arduino does. Oh! I'm so trained to seeing the "X points by somebody" I didn't even think of that. Statistics has a pretty interesting stigma in science. It's something you're not allowed to question. Generally. You can question if someone's models are right. You can question if their controls narrowed the experiment well enough. You can question if their interpretation makes any sense. What you can't question is if something like a t-test, LLS, or ANOVA is the best way to pull meaningful parameters out of the data. Just look at how much resistance Bayesian methods face in publication. This is a fundamental friction that statistics has to overcome as long as its still called statistics. I think of ML as the parts of statistical research that escaped through the window opened by Shannon back when he invented information theory. It's a bird now, free to invent its words for the world and try crazy stuff that the religion of "Statistics" could never accept. This isn't to say that Statistics isn't growing. The article itself does a good job pointing out just how similar recent Stat has been to ML. However, if you see a research paper in some of the more core, less data intensive sciences that dares to drop "SVM", "Ridge Regression", "Clustering", "Bayes", or god forbid "Machine Learning" itself you see scowls: isn't your data normal enough ? Why do you need to do something fancy when I can work out the z-score of that result right here on my pocket calculator/slide rule. ( Lets go ahead and concede that ML certainly has a lot of broken yet overhyped parts which helps form the nucleus of an argument not to infect scientific knowledge with some untested infrastructure. Growing pains. ) It's a classic fight between tradition and innovation with all the usual arguments available, but what makes this different is that such a huge community of people who thrive off the image of really, really knowing things pretty much take the frequentist methodologies as an unimpeachable gold standard. Things can get dicey when you start to ask what the actual meaning of a p-value is, how we really know anything about "estimators", why people work so hard not to use computers. It works! Stop asking questions. I've been reading through this bit by bit the last few days, mostly to get a handle on how to implement MCMC for Bayesian posteriors, and I have to say its fantastically written. I wouldn't call it comprehensive or unbiased, but it sets up the infrastructure of interrelatedness between noisy channels, information theory, statistics, and machine learning pretty much as effortlessly as possible. Note: I'm buying it entirely because it has wide margins. Many of the calculations he outlines deserve to be worked out in full. Wide margins are absolutely the most important publishing concern for a math/science/engineering-based text. Conway's Game of Life has a slightly different rule set. Cellular Automata is the blanket term for things like this and there are a pretty incredible variety of rulesets. I appreciate both, honestly. Lisp achieves a great deal through purity of syntax, but that sort of thing was never Haskell's goal. Personally, I almost never think about how precedences compare; instead you learn a Haskell coding style that support the syntactic tricks allowed by operator precedence. A pretty common one goes something like this: forM [1..] $ \n -> do a Which is sort of ugly from a Lisp point of view, but I think it's a great trick enabled by having $ be an ultra-low precedence sequencing combinator. It looks like a Ruby block almost, but has zero extra syntax and very clear semantics. I think at any level level of reasoning where you compare computer science and physics they become pretty indistinguishable. At that point it's all about which words you use to describe it. Some pretty important ones seem to be: entropy, energy, information, logic, and computability. Those seem to sit squarely between information theory, physics, and math. I think what this debate really means is that we're not yet going to find some sort of nice hierarchy where every result in chemistry can be considered a practical simplification of something squarely in physics. Instead perhaps both physics and CS are attacking a problem so fundamental that eventually there will be a new body of study that considers both CS and physics both to be a practical simplification of its results. Exciting, no? It'd definitely be interesting to see how HS math teaching could be improved using code. It could definitely improve interest for some by approaching the meaty, interesting bits through a common language. Unfortunately, though I've not gone through one of the so labelled Math XXXX for CS Majors style classes, I feel a little worried about this approach. It might garner interest initially, but if you're not eventually writing things down using math notation and reasoning at that level then you'll be doing math with a crutch forever. Mathematical notations are not consistent or testable across any significant body. Most authors abuse notation every chance they get ("syntax sugar", maybe) though the good ones are conscientious about this. The difference is that Math is fundamentally a human language. It exists not to be computed directly but to inspire our non-linear brains to jump to the proper conclusions while laying down a map that (hopefully) outlines some perfectly "consistent" method for getting there. ( Consistent is in quotes because Gödel and so forth. Read the comments at the end of the second chapter of the Jaynes book online for free. ) Computer code is increasingly necessary in anything resembling a practical application of math. I'd suggest that it's as important for an (ugh) applied mathematician as the language of math itself, but I would never think that it could be practiced to the exclusion of the other. Sure: pique some interest by showing how really cool things can be done with computers that abuse fundamental mathematical things. Do it with graphics or show infinite sum approximations, whatever you like. In the end, your students better be able to at least recognize the mathspeak for what they're doing though. Otherwise you're crippling them even as you inspire. I wonder if there's any pattern to the order in which people discover the special properties. I saw it as: green, no frame, small, circle. This means it becomes an issue of trust. You have to trust whoever is flipping (yourself or otherwise) to flip consistently. Second the general message here! Specifically, rock climbing absolutely puts your wrists through the gamut. The strength and flexibility building you'll go through will demolish RSI. Sure, except that Mann isn't trying to write a replacement press release for NewsGator, not really. He's really just trying to turn up some ears toward just how utterly opaque the previous one was. "Bullshit", "douchey", "dumbass", and "hold me" are great words for the intended audience, viz. those of us curious about why the hell the first one was so dense. In the end, don't you just want to rewrite the goddamn thing yourself? Take out the buzz and the sass, put in the keywords. You're practically working for NewsGator already, and you're definitely caught in the wave Mann stirred up and tossed up to his internet call box. I'll admit that he took this pretty far out of context. He only tossed the very leanest of bones to the business sense of the article and totally dropped the visceral reality of PR you invoke. Worse, once he deflated this ecosystem where this kind of writing can and does exist, he used that censored point of view to fuel a snarky diatribe against the practice as a whole. So, yeah, judgements made out of context hold less water. But Merlin's audience isn't sweatshop PR workers. It's techy blogreaders with too much time on their hands and a sense of humor. He's not offering this as criticism to NewsGator, but more wants to just burn it at the stake and point. If it were something more then I'd hope for more consideration of the actual audience and environment. As it stands it's a calling. By writing something that hyperbolically demonstrates his point, perhaps he just hopes to incrementally move the actual practice that direction. This works for builtins maybe, but the majority of the words you use in a language tend to be either from libraries or your own functions, so multi-lingual languages would then put the burden of translation on to every single person to write code in that language. So despite any potential advantages, it'd certainly never have good libraries. Well, keyword substitution doesn't imply a change in syntax, though it's about as asinine I have to believe. It makes a ton of sense when if you concede that every single time you say it (well, really, say anything) it's done in context. You rarely say someone is "smart, without qualification" and even if you did it really absolutely means something more like "smart in most of the ways I admire and have observed that person performing". Which is really total agreement with your point. "Smart" is as much a partial ordering as "friendly" is, for a lot of the same reasons. How do people account for complexity of the tricks? Is there a standard trick or is that number fairly stable? Norvig's advice is cautionary not contingent. When you want to study the effects of natural evolution on human populations (really any population) you're forced to do a wide, long observational study including as many subjects and cofactors as possible. Since that's pretty nearly prohibitively expensive, you're really better off just seeing if you can get someone else's data just like Stearns did. This data specifically doesn't have a lot of power to generalize to populations outside of Framington. Additionally, making bold future predictions is not something that scientists like to show one another, just news reporters. What it does, though, is show support to already leading theories. Stearns is quoted in an NPR interview saying the real point that "the result that we have here is no surprise to any evolutionary biologist. It's exactly what we expected to see." No matter what the possible confounding factors may have been, the fact that when decent statistical methods were used to control for and limit just to correlations that could be feasibly tied to evolutionary processes the remaining effect fits the predictions developed by theories made prior to this result means that the data provided some interesting justification. Stearns also is quoted in that the study attempted to "lift the level of discussion and get everybody on the same page." It's not groundbreaking, it's just some solid human-based evidence for things long predicted. The hype is centered around news stories which pick up on the wide future predictions (an offhand, light comment in the interview) and the philosophical/moral implications of evolution playing police state on our futures (which is a suitable target for arguments about statistical weakness and Stearns himself brings up that only about 5% of the variability was involved in this evolution trend). All the study really says is that, yes, like we thought, somewhere deep inside human cultural motion is a definite seed of evolutionary guidance. It takes 60 years of intense observation to see it, but it almost certainly exists and plays some tiny role. Which is kind of a boring news story. [NPR interview: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1140814... ] My desire to become a doctor. As a college undergraduate in a biomedical engineering major there's a lot of contact and allure toward that field, but after extensive shadowing experience in the ER I realized that while I undeniably admire those who can become doctors, there is absolutely something missing, for me, in that profession: The ability to innovate, build, create, explore. An MD's life is more oriented toward dispensing the benefits of knowledge than actively seeking, crafting more. It is a consideration, but with the 10+ year path it takes to acquire it, I'm a little shaken. At any rate, I'm looking at PhD in neurosciences so it'd be a decent play with an MD if I wanted it later. I'm not certain that this still lets you get MD tuition waived, but that would be excellent. The huge difference being that in Germany you have functional apprenticeship programs. In the US, which this article is centric to, you're really just going to go to college, have little option besides CS, and then end up somewhere in the chasm of this debate. Trade schools exist, but since they're generally looked down upon you're not going to see a lot of popularity in Programming Trade degrees. Though perhaps the only difference between programming and metal craftsmen is that CS is more obviously popular and valuable these days. P only might equal NP so computers and robots haven't yet taken over the job of crafting programs. This is meant to be a lot less a critique of programming and a lot more a nod toward the intense craft that goes into many of the things you might learn as a "trade". The general skill to build something physical and high quality is so frequently looked down upon these days. I don't know where the op is situated, but it's surprising how frequently bad enough traffic occurs in Atlanta. Even what seems to be a decently long distance (20 mi) can be covered on bike faster than that commute. Hills and unsafe roads permitting anyway. The impression I've gotten from the PhDs in my dept. is that the title is something they expect and appreciate as a nod to their years of work, but, by the same token, anyone you might compare with them based on merit probably is also a Dr making it useless to brag. Anyone can technically become a CEO for $89. It only has meaning when attached the success of companies. It's not really surprising in either case I feel. For Facebook, their social network is their greatest value. For Apple, it's their experience. It takes more courage than I can imagine to put your golden egg on a pedestal for anyone to touch, study, steal. Sucks for developers, sure, but at some point devs start to sound kind of greedy. In both cases, you're getting the privilege to play in a very, very market. At the very least, you should respect the risk these companies take. One thing I'd emphasize is that all writers begin with imitation. It's how the human brain learns new things and so you might as well abuse that. Find a writer whose style you admire. Figure out why . Practice, practice, practice. But realize that until you're speaking with your own voice you haven't even begun to yet walk. 99.9% of it coming after 2008. Actually, this is a good idea. I'm going to go name-squat repositories on every other hard-to-search programming language name I can think of. This is exactly where I am on the coffee spectrum. Cheap everything, fresh beans, plus a $40 investment on ebay to nab a burr grinder. The roasting section actually has a few hidden gems. The first "pop" (called the first crack in roasting lingo) occurs slightly after the green bean begins to brown from carmelization and the moisture trapped inside rapidly expands via evaporation cracking the bean. After the first crack is known as a City Roast and is lighter, more woody and fruity tasting than the darker roasts. The second crack occurs shortly after the first one at the end of the City Roast range as the cellulose matrices that form the coffee bean themselves begin to break down from the heat damage. At exactly the start of the second crack the beans are called Vienna roasted and begin to have darker, richer flavors. These coffees are where you hear about honey and chocolate flavors. As you keep going the beans will continue to crack as they begin to literally degrade to ash. Further carbonization begins to take over the flavor alongside the aromatic oils which seep out of the now lipid-hostile inner bean environment. These form the oily-looking French roasts which are known for strong flavors, intense bodies, and bitterness. If you do start to buy fresh coffee, play with the roasts. A single bean from a single place in the world has a wide spectrum of flavors depending on how long it's been roasted. Notes: http://www.sweetmarias.com/roasting-VisualGuideV2.php Palatino being a pre-computer font also has a tendency to be hurt by screen aliasing a lot. If you can activate some sort of anti-aliasing/smooth font layer on your computer even the italicized version shouldn't look so painful. My favorite trick for self editing is an extension on the "change your margins" trick. My print writing/publishing cycle involves typesetting, so even if it's not going to be used for my final target I typeset things in LaTeX and then edit them there. Wide margins and a totally different presentation from my monospaced text editor makes detachment much, much easier. Yeah, it's good to bring that up. I got lucky on the auction and grabbed a conic burr: the Bodum Antigua. http://www.google.com/products?hl=en&client=safari&r... Works fantastic so far. Pretty highly recommended by me. My major at my college has a class that asks these kinds of questions on tests. It's widely considered to be one of the most difficult and painful weed out courses in the major. We were asked to describe how we would make an elephant fly, how much oil is used to make all the french toast for waffle house in a day, and other silly questions. We were also asked to rewrite non-linear equations in new units, design simple industrial scale chemical processes, and generally do the kinds of problem solving engineering trains you to do. These kinds of problems are relevant when done properly. The ability to reason with enormous quantities, think logically and out-of-the-box at once, make consistent complex plans, and, finally, explain these things to another person are often instrumental for solving problems and building new things. Those who passed and enjoyed this class are easy to pick out: they've been breezing through all of the upper level problem solving and group-based classes. At the same time, I think something like that bike-for-the-blind answer is genius. Sometimes it does come down to rejecting the question or, perhaps better, redefining it in a way that is creative and useful. Who knows how well interviewers are prepared to respond to these answers though? The strategy I've always employed is to pay no more than $6-9 unless it's a special varietal. Some of the best wines I've ever had were South American bought as one-offs for $10-15 though much of the enjoyment came from the novelty. Much better than honing your pallet to the taste of expensive wine is to learn to pair wines with food. Learn what varietals you like and then play with foods spicy, sweet, and sour. The most enjoyment from wine comes from learning how the tastes combine and change wildly. Pairing wine is a game of combinatorics. The tricks tend to be to maximize the number of other flavors you can try with your wine. In this way, you can transform a single bottle into 3 or more different flavors. Some tricks: Bread, cheese, and wine is a common thing but don't go overboard on the bread. Much of the time the heavy starch is going to wipe out the flavors. Invest in more variety in the wines and cheeses. Spice comes in many, many varieties (from peppercorn to bright red ground cayenne, to Chinese sichuan pepper) and each one often has a different reaction with wines. Steak and wine is a great combination because well-prepared meats have tons of interesting flavors thanks to the "maillard reaction". Sausages are a particularly good choice. I wouldn't call ugh's response either blind or a defense. I've used almost that exactly line (here I used a trick to hide the trend) for perfectly legitimate uses — what if you're trying to analyze the fast signal? The volume of leaked correspondence does begin to form a context, but before the heavy and severe claim of scientific misconduct is really substantiated it's going to require scientific analysis of the fault. Cherrypicked quotes appearing on a news site is often known as researcher bias and it's just as big a flaw. A watched child never boi... grows ! Regardless of the state of the current process, how could review become anything but better from increased openness? Increased openness is definitely a direction scientific computing needs to move toward. The trick is conflating that with "peer review" which often, for all its merit, is strongly tied to red tape and frustration. It's impossible to peer review software not because it's impossible to verify techniques but because without some level of trust somewhere it becomes impossible to publish, to communicate. There's definitely a startup in there. There are tons of opportunities to kill off scientific journals as they are. The challenge is that you can't kill peer review at the same time. Peer review is still, at the end of the day, critical. It's not a holy sword of truth but instead more like rinsing your plates in the sink before you throw them in the washing machine. Starbucks has always seemed self-defeating to me. The original goal was to introduce coffee art to a consumer culture that was, at the time, fixated on Folger's. They've succeeded in moving people to believe that there's a lot more to coffee which has seriously expanded the market for the kind of high-craft coffee possible at smaller, non-franchise shops. Today, Starbucks doesn't really have the brand to move into that niche, everyone knows their secret is just sugar and milk, so they need to stealthily make inroads. Unfortunately, at the end of the day, franchise and craft don't go together that well. I remember reading an article about a certain kind of highly engineered coffee maker. It combined the grinder, water heater, mixer, and press all into one and thus turned perfect coffee into an exactly repeatable formula. A trained operator can never fail to please and Starbucks bought the company hoping to put one of those devices in every franchise and revolutionize the availability of the "perfect cup". In pilots the baristas still fill them with stale beans. That was it! I couldn't remember the name. http://www.starbucks.com/clover/ The difficulty I tend to encounter in promoting Bayesian statistics among scientists is the "sudden" appearance of a statistical model. Too many people go one further than believing frequentist statistics are answering "What is the probability that H0 is true" but instead just fully over the analysis and believe that frequentist methods tell you, simply, accurately, objectively, whether an experimental treatment is "significant". If you try to press on what people believe "significant" to mean it gets ugly fast, but it's generally a good thing and definitely necessary to publish. If you don't get significance it's just because you need a bigger n. If you can think of some factors or covariates then you really need to use ANOVA. Stating that there is anything more complex to looking at data and deciding what it means is practically unthinkable. Likelihood ratios are definitely nice, though. I've sort of gotten people to think about it at a high level by talking about "information flows" and log likelihood values. There are a ton of things to clarify, but I'll take a stab at it. A proper Bayesian who is betting and doesn't want to lose badly and still ends up as a fan of the 'da Bears' has probably got a prior that gives some confident edge to them winning. Belief A could be stated using this joint distribution as the product of their predicted chances of winning each game in order. If it's actually 'likely' then that means you've got a pretty incredible edge on them winning (the size proportional to how much season is left). Belief B is a weird one though. It's a meta-hypothesis about the calibration of your own personal beliefs. The evidence you use to update on this belief is the discrepancy between what you would honestly predict and what actually happened. A proper Bayesian with money on the line would want to recalibrate as best as they could using data already available in order to get the probability of B as low as possible before starting to look at A. So our proper Bayesian first looks over old predictions he has about the Bear's performance, reworking whatever internal understanding of the factors that go into winning in football he has, until he is well calibrated. At this point, his probability for belief A has almost certainly dropped because it's a pretty unlikely thing for a team to just take a thing apart at every single game for the whole season, but if he still ends up with a strong prior on them winning then a single loss, even if it's pretty bad, won't shift it around a lot. In short, he'll think about it a lot, cancel out whatever personal biases he can manage, then bet conservatively unless he has some sort of knowledge that provides a really, really strong edge on them winning. IMO, he's got an inside line with some dirty, dirty men. Other: R That's definitely an interesting space. I think the highly principled side of the Bayesian boat would state that meta-hypotheses are tied into your prior on model building information (Pr(I), etc) and that it needs to be updated alongside everything else. So now if your hypothesis' posterior becomes something like Pr(H, theta, I) the whole business needs to be updated and will include all the meta level intellectual rigor. At this point I feel like I might be walking into the space of Structural Causal Modeling and I'm not too well versed there at all. In the informal setting though you're only ever likely to be trying to "update" one belief at a time, so, yeah, it definitely requires intellectual care to make sure to follow dependencies. Worse though, is that it should be possible to two have codependent estimations and if you aren't aware of that codependency you won't ever be able to get along. I think that's all interesting, but I'm not sure it applies to informal situations as well as one might hope. Frequently, Bayesian techniques are only used informally in conjunction with strong rationalist heuristics which help to build these reductionist hierarchies of effects and then allow for clear(er) methodology to find an accurate answer. Few people thinking carefully and rationally would be willing to bet on their beliefs so long as they know that thy have an outstanding miscalibration. That's why scientists, good scientists anyway, will so often preclude things with disclaimers. They want you to be aware of whatever biases they can before you start to judge their opinions. I think, roughly, the blame goes out to Fisher and anyone else who promoted the "Recipe for Understanding the World" style statistics. It's not that people are being blocked by their understanding of complex frequentist methods but instead the idea that they don't need to understand anything more because statistics is just a black box you use for verification. Insert results, get a green or red "significance" light, move on. Best acquisition ever. I actually wasn't aware of that. It's an interesting business structure, but I think at the end of the day it is only going to bring a small improvement to the atmosphere. I don't think an upvote does this enough justice. At the end of the day, we're all just trying to be better. Shaking strawmen at progress just because it's not perfect (you'll note that some of the Less Wrong/Overcoming Bias arguments leave small disclaimers of assumptions of infinite computing power; not all, but some) is just as foolish as refusing to see when the ground moves beneath your feet. The relationship between significance level and sample size is reliant on a complex set of assumptions to say the least, and, when everything is stripped away, is perhaps best seen as a way of discovering just how difficult it will be to deblur the world. What power prescription we need. Often (always?) these constraints are all so very much more complex than Gaussian power analysis states. You do it as a way of sketching the depth of a problem I think, not much more. The linked paper is a pretty clear introduction of the high level problems. I think it's perhaps a little more grim than necessary, but then again that might just be my own bias. Hamilton, I'd like to email you about your work at Stanford if you don't mind. Could you drop me a line? A rational person would consider the other direction to be more likely You're, I think, making that conclusion based off the prevailing knowledge that ESP isn't true. A rational person seeking to learn if it is or isn't would still attempt to consider causality in the direction the op stated and otherwise be guilty of irrationality. Some individuals will always experience slightly above or below mean (since variance isn't 0) By my understanding of the standard ESP experiment the observation you state there would be evidence against the null hypothesis, evidence stating that there is some external factor tied to personal identity which changes your ability (for better or worse) to guess the identity of these cards. If the both experiment was perfectly designed and ESP totally impossible you'd expect that over time no one would have an edge on anyone else in their ability to guess these cards. But people who have a belief tend to cherish and protect it Much as you're doing now with the counterbelief? (Disclaimer: I personally strongly don't believe in ESP. I also don't believe it's worth spending my own time on it. Finally, I do believe that if you're going to spend time on it you should do it carefully because it is clear that if there is an effect it's going to be something highly unexpected and subtle because most of the expectable and obvious things have been tested) Maybe 10 years of new isn't enough to root out the real design advantages of web in comparison to print. Maybe over the 800 years of print design we learned a few things. The web of today is exciting, but it's also useful and powerful. Overestimating the future is a depressing business. I bet that whole light coming from little threads in your walls that kill you if you touch them was quite a doozy too. Commercial airflight. Fertilizer. The idea of foreign pathogens causing diseases. Which is not to say that internet technology isn't widely more crazy than all of those previous or that there won't continue to be wider and crazier things to come. It is to say that we're not escaping exponential growth and there still isn't anything like a spike in that sort of curve. The singularity theory proposes an increase from exponential: some technology that speeds new technology's ability to speed new technology. Without the feedback --- without the efficient feedback --- everything "stays exponential". Which is only really depressing if you're looking for hypersmart AI and endless free human life in the next 20 orso. Oh. Time lapse photography. I didn't even notice the picture my brain tuned it out as photoshopped so quickly, but long-exposure times and a spiraling rocket make a perfect explanation. No, it's still long exposure to catch the winding of the flumes. High speed photography would show each flume as being directional. This is the kind of minute feature that completely converts someone when they catch it. Also: Until you start getting into the most complex (and powerful) aspects of lisp, the last two lines of syntax are rarely used. You get get a very long way without understanding them, but once you do lisp will become one of your favorite languages. From a Haskell background, I'd say static languages of a sufficient power still have the advantage due to things like QuickCheck. 50% of the battle with a unit test is writing up good edge cases, thus smart typing and QC systems can make (up to) half the problem disappear. I'm aware of the Erlang implementation. Actually, people have even implemented it on Python and Javascript. So far as I know in order to use these implementation you have to specify static type information about the test functions. Moreover, I don't think any of the alternative implementations have the flexibility of Haskell QC's Arbitrary typeclass for generating test data. Obviously anything can be implemented equivalently across any Turing equivalent language. QC is deeply tied to the kinds of power you get from strong static typing, though. I'd be willing to bet that even though it exists on a few other platforms, it is not as useful or easy as it is in Haskell -- perhaps measurable by the average test coverage divided by the time spent writing tests in similarly developed programs. Hm. I'd agree there. It's always very important to write a decent Arbitrary typeclass instance. I've never found it terribly hard -- it's always exactly as hard as trying to decide what the potential input space you support should be -- and I don't expect it to be in Erlang either. The difference is that once you start combining Arbitrary instances you need to have strict, careful control over these input spaces, something "trivial" when you're abusing the Hindley-Miller type system. I've never written QC tests in Erlang, let alone at higher levels of complexity, but I can only imagine that it's a short while before you're forced to manually do inference a static type system auto-infers. Not quite. The author's point is that, at least according to released information and any unavoidable biases involved, the physical evidence strongly suggests Guede while hardly even slightly suggesting he had help. More strongly the author is trying to argue that its an easy fallacy to get drawn into psychological motives because we're "great" at modeling other people's thoughts. In light of this implicitly perceived strength we tend to ignore the real likelihood of the evidences. I don't know if it's something I agree about, however. I haven't personally reviewed the evidence and don't particularly put a lot of trust in any of the sources including the Less Wrong contributors. See also: the experimental portion of this essay http://lesswrong.com/lw/1j7/the_amanda_knox_test_how_an_hour... Lies, damn lies, and charts. Not to say your boss was totally in the right, but if he thought the summary statistics could never be negative (due to knowledge of the source and meaning of the data) that can be very informative. If I were told the numbers {1,2,100} and that the data was definitely non-negative, I'd fit the thing to an exponential perhaps and thus set my 95% error bounds as (1.74, 101). Which isn't a whole lot better than the mean/sigma stuff, but it would take into account the non-negativity. It's not "easy" to make a list, but instead maybe you would be able to work with a tuple (which is easy). More practically, Haskell is going to ask you implicitly why you want a heterogenous list of functions. In all likelihood they're going to have a common interface at some point and you abstract around that so that the list is still "homogenous" (which is harder, but still pretty easy). I'm curious about the origins of language in East Asia then. I was always under the impression that Chinese dialects heavily influenced both Korean and Japanese (and visa versa) so I'm a little confused by considering both of those to be isolates. I know the word order is vastly different and the honorific system obscures the language, but what about more fundamental tendencies of Mandarin such as the heavy dependency on chronology or the kind of general sounds of the phonemes. I know, for instance, that it can often take a second or two for me to differentiate Mandarin from Korean or Japanese when it being spoken quickly and loudly (such as when you first turn on a movie). Slight nitpick: the Condorcet Criterion doesn't actually specify that the one with the majority #1 votes is first ranked. It explicitly states that the candidate that, when compared pairwise with each other candidate, wins most frequently should win overall. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Condorcet_criterion The story I hear (again from the Chinese) is that Korean is a dialect/divergence from Chinese that lost much of the tonality. I've not studied it personally, but from my knowledge it wouldn't be surprising for a Chinese speaker to believe Korean (and Japanese) lack tonal structure. Japanese on the other hand is considered more likely to be separate but high influenced due to word sharing from the many wars between China and Japan. this seems pretty plausible considering the sharing of the written language which is widely considered to be Chinese in origin. It's all interesting because I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of the ancient history is obscured by the three proud nations. That is a really fantastic visualization. It's amazing how much IRV produces inconsistent results. Desperately need a way to test into higher levels more quickly than just running the vocabulary. Also, it'd be wonderful to have a keyboard-based way to run the tests. That being said, I'm almost still tempted to run through the intro vocabulary due to the achievement system. Just type the tone number at the end of each word ni3hao3 for instance. Ah, just found the textbook section, though it's still not easy to understand how to find vocabulary at the appropriate level. One thing I believe holds well is that nasty comments are often short. Smart assholes often go for clever comments that skirt the edge of useful and obnoxious. So how about a karma-moderated length minimum . New commenters (less than ~300 karma, maybe) have to post several sentences which has some chance of disincentivizing quick, brutal snark. Longer comments can still be nasty of course, but it's going to require a lot more involvement for the user while making them a bigger target for moderators. This blog scrapes HN comments and reposts them on the blog without permission. In the process it serializes the threading and so it's going to destroy the threaded nature of these reposted conversations. In this way it's rebranding the information served here, misrepresenting the attention commenters here give the post, and confusing the outside reader. I know there's an attempt to smooth these difficulties with the "This comment was originally posted on [[Hacker News]]" line but that leaves me still confused as to the origin and meaning of the comment quoted. I interpret that to mean, ridiculously, that commenters at HN gave their permission explicitly to repost comments on Feint. Actually, it even appears to me that they personally moved it. This is, of course, very similar to the the controversy AllThingsDigital stirred up a little while ago ( http://waxy.org/2009/04/all_things_digital_and_transparency_... ) but I don't think Feint is really making a large improvement over that situation. Like sfk, I don't think its popularity makes it any more valid, though similarly I also don't mean to single you out. Linking and sharing information is undoubtedly one of the foundations of the internet, but at the same time identity/anonymity is important. Backtype provides an interesting consumer service, but at the same time its plugin is destructive to maintenance of identity. If you're drawing from HN, separate it clearly from the comments left on at your blog and somehow summarize, emulate, or eliminate threads. Otherwise it's damaging to all around. Having done work with a similar sort of recording (fMRI, which is actually quite a bit more spatially sensitive to brain activity) I, like the op, don't have a lot of faith in "training" unless someone has developed a fantastic model of the brain's functioning and never talked about it. That being said, brain-computer interfaces are probably decently possible if they abuse brain plasticity to overload our already highly developed IO systems: our senses and physical actions. Extremely simple in principle, obscenely difficult in implementation. The real difficulty is the confounding variables. Being unable to accurately measure or predict things like level of language familiarity, programming experience, domain knowledge, or intelligence means that it'd be impossible to tie any visible effects to something as simple as language choice. So, no, I wouldn't agree. The best study I could think of off hand would be a randomized study of programming productivity (measured somehow ) of programming naïve high schoolers. Each subject gets an incentive to learn some language over the course of X weeks and then program something. The sample size would have to be magnificent even to prove a large effect because you'd need to demonstrate control for intelligence/drive and regressing out math scores (or anything similar) would not be convincing really. At the end, you'd still not be able to talk too much about working productivity, but you might have a chance of talking about... anything at all. Actually, this is an extraordinarily difficult study I think. This paper is another interesting anecdote, unfortunately. They're not really claiming anything quantitatively. Also, though it's not explicit, I feel it's obvious that the researchers had a prior bias toward functional languages. That's how I interpret it as well, but in order for Blub to be an interesting thing experiment it makes the assumption that languages form some sort of continuum of power/ease/abstraction/usefulness. Generally, the only one of those four people can agree upon (sometimes) is abstraction and that's not even necessarily the most important of the four. I personally think one of the most interesting dimensions to analyze a language would be in how quickly one could prototype a problem. Lisp often is said to score well here; the Cs are thought to fall short; Arc was more or less designed to optimize this technique in online apps; and Haskell somehow manages to perform here despite a lot of criticisms in its design. So there's a hypothetical contiuum. Prove to me it exists and then you can pick your Blub. That would undoubtedly be qualitative, though you're right that it's probably the closest thing to programmer productivity you can measure. I think you're wrong that reductionism can't find an interesting gem buried below. Productivity is something difficult to measure because it takes a long time and has a lot of influencing factors, but if you can split it apart just a little bit and lose some of the confounders you might be able to give at least a little quantitative foundation to claims shown anecdotally. Running through these papers, the Prechelt (Tcl/Python/Perl/Rexx) paper probably comes closest to producing the kind of analysis desired, but at the end of the day they're all begging for more controls. In particular to some of the Prechelt paper's most interesting results (LOC, comments, time spent) are marred by the collection methods ("script" languages were not sampled under controlled settings). Within some problem spaces might it not be true the some languages are somewhat definitively better than others on average? Knowing many languages definitely operates as a toolbelt for different problems, but there's a reason languages die out. Could that same reason not still apply, at least slightly, in the languages still alive? Small point, but If the complexities that its retail competitors have mastered really are an insuperable difficulty for Amazon, it could contract with a commercial vendor that specializes in these calculations, like Vertex, as Netflix does. What the hell is Stross's point here? If Amazon has deliberately masterminded an enormous sales tax loophole they undoubtedly are not confused or unwilling to deal with the complexities of tax law. By ignoring the obvious subtext with which the Amazon spokesperson suggested "simple" and "fair" taxing schemes for all business models Stross is only making a fool of himself while undermining the entire shoddy article. I'm not an aerospace expert, but it seems to me that higher speeds would allow for larger draft envelopes. Since this would be pivotally necessary to study I'm sure the scientists spearheading this opinion have. Personal experience suggests that you don't need to be so close to semis and while I love the Mythbusters' attitude to just go ahead and test things they are a far cry from scientific data. There is undoubtedly specialization, but I also believe in a linear continuum across efficiency. Any programming problem, at some level, ends up including solving a constraint problem: how do you fit your solution elegantly into an initially unknown problem space? Greater expressive freedom and abstraction are often heralded as wins in programming languages perhaps because they both promote though toward elegant solutions and then provide the structure necessary to easily build them. I think that this kind of test is not so different from testing something like Sapir-Whorf. Does using language X by itself help someone to solve problems more quickly/elegantly/efficiently/effectively? So, instead of considering specialization to be multidimensional and therefore impossible to quantify, I'm thinking of it as something you'd "just" need to control for. Randomization across a large number of programming problems could possibly get a handle on that control. Poor Pluto There's a division. Asimov and Herbert are science fiction, but not so easily grouped with Stephenson. In Haskell you might do the same thing as C. By recasting the logic where A and B are called to include some read/write state you can get "globals" just the same and, yeah, this can be done with Monads (State or even IORef). The question becomes, though, why are A and B suddenly interlinked? Why was this context not already in place? Is there not a better structure to this data that would allow a minimization of stateful computations? Does this sudden A B dependence actually suggest a radically different shape of the code? A well-written functional program should make these refactorings "easy" by having many useful and well-defined interchangeable pieces, and often it turns out that complex Haskell programs must refactor until the best dataflow structure is found (Theory of Patches for Darcs or the Zipper in xmonad). Libel doesn't have to be false, just damaging. More specifically, Kolmogorov randomness which is closely linked to compressibility. A sufficiently long string which has a generating program longer than itself is random. Since "4..." is highly compressible --- its unpredictable error is zero --- it is unlikely to be governed by a random process. The longer the series is, the less likely. I stand corrected. Obviously, also IANAL. As a guy just about to graduate from a BME program it's anecdotally just not the case. Okay, good example. At the same time, though, trying to see the problem through a functional lens I'm stuck wondering why there isn't already some stateful context in place. You're linking coupons with the order data and unless you've been just threading that through functions --- which nobody wants to do --- I'd feel like that there would be more structure. For some reason I'm stuck on the idea of using heterogenous lists to store "things that can affect the order". You apply them in order in a stateful context and produce a finalized order or an error. To add coupons you just make an instance that lets coupons be a "thing that affects the order" and stick it in the list. The code is decoupled, order processing is modular, and you're using a data structure which fits the problem well. I'm obviously using some 20/20 hindsight, but I think that frequently the initial headaches of refactoring by type turn into insights to how the problem is forcing you to use the right tools. I was in that boat for a while being both of a similar mind and in a similar situation. I got over it by the simple work of being absolutely pulled through the ringer by a diabolical prof on Abstract Vector Spaces. (btw: I love that professor today. He was just underhanded enough to do what we all needed.) I'm utterly convinced that pure math needs to be taught at a high level for anyone in advanced science/engineering. It hurts for a while, and then you look back and everything is clear, simple, and bright shining. I've also heard this just keeps happening if you keep on with math. At the same time the article IS absurd. The author even admits it. FP is letting us get control of our state in ways undreamt of previously. Unfortunately, we're still not really good at it. And the singular craziest bug is Incompleteness? Purely Functional is the right default Imperative constructs are vital features that must be exposed through explicit effects-typing constructs This is precisely the argument Haskellers make every time someone complains about algorithms that are difficult to formulate functionally. If you've never read anything by David Foster Wallace, this is an excellent place to start. It has all of his tricks — the footnotes, the hyperliterate sentences, the disregard for periods, total maximalism — and not a few examples of his descriptive virtuosity. It'll also, no matter how much you may already be awed, keep you from ever watching another of Federer's match without seeing the effervescent white light surrounding him or looking to see if his feet every really do touch the ground. A bit more fascinating information Kevin Kelly's Technium http://www.kk.org/thetechnium/archives/2008/03/the_unspeakab... The main problem with any Drake Eqn. related statement is that nobody seems to propagate uncertainty about the terms. The main problem with any mathematical analysis of whether you're going to meet someone and build a rewarding relationship with them is that you're looking hard at your own life instead of caring about someone else's. Though this has nothing to do with GIL or Python, the presentation reminds me of threadscope: http://raintown.org/?page_id=132 Take a look at it in action http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZXq8fxebKU I'm working on a graphical model MCMC sampler for doing Bayesian statistics in Haskell. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_model http://www.mrc-bsu.cam.ac.uk/bugs/ I'm not a security person, but my understanding is that all security systems are known to fail and thus come with a lifetime. Real safes aren't uncrackable, but uncrackable under 15 minutes of duress. Crypto seems a little different since exponential complexity pushes those lifetimes out to what people often assume is infnite. A demonstration of a 4 year lifetime of a 768-bit under moderately powerful attack makes it clear that it isn't different and that its lifetime is now scarily short. It's a lot like what I assume the introduction of power tools might have done to safe cracking. What previously was a 30 minute safe becomes a 30 second safe once the people you want to keep out can drill. Totally agree. This was obviously one of Zed's older, asshole dramatic posts and it doesn't read anywhere more clearly than him yelling about people failing to do statistics correctly and then blanket assuming normality on something pretty unlikely to be normal. Your method is a safe bet as long as you can collect "enough" data to be sure that you're covering all cases you claim to be covering. That being said, power analysis and data interpretation (ramp up, confounders, etc.) are all more difficult and important than this rant conveys. One R function is not your cure-all. I can't advise books, but I want to add that beyond the vanilla statistics often taught you'll also probably want to read a book on probability theory and/or combinatorics. These along with some basic calculus are the important underpinning maths that let you build statistics. Historically, China would do that. Probably it'll depend on how many influential people actually use google docs and such. I suspect not enough. Here's a good example: http://waxy.org/2009/04/all_things_digital_and_transparency_... The short of it being that identity is paramount online. Stealing content can be a copyright issue, but stepping into someone else's voice and holding someone else's creative content as your own is simply evil. With proper, comprehensive attribution there's some flex to go around, but even then it's generally something done with consent and grace. Cross-posting someone else's comment might just be borrowing their pencil for an argument, but since it's kind of an amazing pencil and now you're showing it off to your friends like it's your own, you should expect cold stares when you give it back. Additionally, they recruit heavily from China's top universities. There are constantly suggestions that some ratios of proportions of the human body are averaged at around the golden mean. I like his language toolbelt for this kind of work. At a minimum, I would recommend learning python (numpy/scipy), R, and at least one nice functional language (probably Haskell, Clojure, or OCaml). This is effectively what I use as well. Python as a general purpose data munging library that's good for all of your dirty work whenever you need it. R for graphing, graphing, graphing, running statistical tests other people already wrote and foolproofed, database munging, and then more graphing. Haskell for prototyping and reasoning with types and then that occasional algorithm that screams for functional implementation or the not so occasional one that requires more speed than Python can provide. I also write a few things in C/C++, though I try to avoid it. It's mostly there for standing on the backs of other people and that occasional need to blaze. I think Zeroth Law of On-Topic is "adds value". Flagged, honestly. Performance and evaluation of the Lumix GF-1, the EVIL pictured in this article. http://craigmod.com/journal/gf1-fieldtest/ It's not aimed as a gadget review but instead a caring review of the camera across one photographer's grand adventure. The photography and review are both excellent. He's referring to the fact that whenever you display an image on an LCD you're losing an incredible amount of data about the the lighting and color. Data that the CCD actually does collect. The comment about RAW is saying that your eye, capturing through a mirror viewfinder, is aware of this level of detail. If you view it through the LCD you miss out. This is unimportant if you only use JPG, because that will be neutered similarly to the electronic viewfinder, but if you are shooting RAW then you're looking for something more subtle and need analog control. I like the attempt to use Haskell type signatures as terse documentation. For 'tmp' it pretty nearly tells the whole story (especially rewritten flipping the first two arguments as below) tmp :: (FilePath -> IO ()) -> (Stream -> IO ()) Transforms file-accepting function to work on an input stream. 'keep' is a bit more ambiguous, but I think it's more clear if you write it instead as keep :: IO a -> IO [()] which has parallels to 'repeat :: a -> [a]' and suggests that the first action will be "kept" and repeated periodically, throwing away the output. At this point, you have to guess when it repeats, but since you provide 'keep' no further information, blocking until files update is a pretty logical guess. No, I thought so at first as well, but later realized that he was doing it totally for documentation's purposes (well, and impact). Good call. I agree in disagreeing with his type for 'keep'. I think he was aiming at the idea of "any computation which is liftable to an IO computation" instead of "computation which can be evaluated within an IO context". In my opinion, since 'keep' takes a function which is, in general, fully capable of any effectful action, it necessarily is of the type keep :: IO a -> ... but since it's roughly ignoring any potential return 'a', yet still evaluating the function repeatedly, the best type is something like keep :: IO a -> IO [()] Shannon's original paper introducing Information Theory is pretty great. Shannon 48 [ http://cm.bell-labs.com/cm/ms/what/shannonday/shannon1948.pd... ] Widely known as the best masters thesis ever, yeah, but I still put his Info Theo paper as my favorite. Maybe he just had a little time to age, the theoretical ground he covers in that one paper is incredible and yet the text remains conversational and approachable. The author seems to be learning a lot from Haskell, but still unable to really accept the larger picture Fortress goes beyond Haskell in that the type Maybe[\T\] extends type Generator[\T\] so that it can be treated much like a set that will generate either one item or no items at all. One can conveniently use generator syntax to extract the contained item of a Maybe type, bind a variable to that value, and then execute a chunk of code---but only if there is in fact a contained item The following examples are both trivially available in Haskell as the very general monadic binding (>>=) or a case statement. It's great that other languages are learning powerful lessons that the strong typing in Haskell can teach, but if they're going to do it they might as well learn all that they can instead of stumbling down the same path again. I bet in no time Fortress will have do notation. Drawing conclusions from the data is misleading. The original set is not comprehensive and any human trends you might look for are surely obscured by uncontrolled variation. One of the most frustrating parts about learning math is that it is a body of knowledge driven constantly to generalization. This usually pays off, because once mathematicians connect just a few dots then often whole new problem spaces just collapse into yesterday's math, taken down by powerful, general theories, like convex optimization, applied with just the right slant. The problem is that often those applications are so wide and varied that nobody bothers to talk very much about them. You're just supposed to understand the underlying purpose and need on your own. For someone with the background, that's ok, because the background is the context that lets you internalize the math. Without the background, applications are necessary. Of course, this is well known for basic math. That's why you learn how to add apples and subtract oranges instead of number theory and fields. At some point, though, if you want to understand "real" mathematics, you need to somehow build that critical mass and context shift to where you can get by on the general level. My advice is to take the math you do know and go read the proofs that make it operate. Use the applications you already are comfortable with and understand the reasons why they work. Instead of diving both into generalized math and a complex new subject at once, just use your strengths. My anecdote is that I liked math but never really had a grasp on it until I got thrown through the ringer on infinite series, linear algebra, abstract vector spaces all at once. I learned to read and understand proofs (sometimes), I learned how to prioritize when reading complex math (i.e. internalizing definitions is often half or more of the battle), I learned how to synthesize my own general mathematical arguments. I wouldn't call myself anything close to a mathematician, but by jumping into the language and structure of generalized math, I have a lot of the tools to get somewhere with whatever field I want. Wikipedia still often confuses me, but if I want to learn it I know how to take what I learn and use it as the building blocks to a deeper understanding. Because prior to seeing it happen, slime mold configuration wasn't expected to be equivalent to railroad optimization. And then it was. Saying things are obvious after they've happened is 100% useless. Demonstrating you have the mental models to say these things predictively is pretty exciting, though. If you can do that, go become a scientist. Use those models. Publish papers. You'll get into Science, too. I prefer #47, it's been made with quite a bit more attention to detail. The glasses suggest intelligence which is good for a translation service and it does better in greyscale suggesting that the contrast has a lot of information and is memorable. The font is a little broken though, particularly the "a" and how the ".com" doesn't align with the baseline. The best part is the justification arguments from each side. Maybe they're not universal, but each is a strong attractor of models given a relatively small number of commonly satisfied assumptions. In particular: dimensioned measurements must represent the same relationships between data under many different scales thus leading to logarithmic sampling. Without further information to give expectations to other trends, these laws great starts. I think the biggest obvious point people are missing is that Jobs intends many, many people to own a MacBook and an iPad. Probably an iPhone, too. They serve different niches in the ecology of your technological life. (Oh, and if you've got some other laptop and pick up an iPad just how long do you think the average user will last before drooling a little more over the MacBook lineup?) Oh, and comparing the iPhone to the Razr is a bit of a strawman. The Razr, first time around, captured people's imaginations because it suddenly offered the deep, unheard of cultural need to have the world in your pocket and have it be so small and sleek that you forget what that means. The iPhone is very comparable, except when Apple did it they redefined world . I'd say that 98% of people don't even know that Apple had a keynote today. But when the commercials come out, 75% of people will drool. If you look at it from a cultural perspective, Apple is once again selling us the future. It was already here, sure, but now it'll be at your doorstep, charged, as soon as you like. swernli nailed it. Prior to the Razr you could definitely own a cell phone, but it was the first one to dare that putting a phone line in your pocket could be easy, sleek, attractive. It took the extant technology and made it into a piece of future-stuff. I just started last week and can I ever reiterate the calf-screaming bit . I think that's fascinating though. Until just recently I never even touched on how weak my calves must be. Now I'm hoping to learn the depths of it. Strictly, both of these are possible. Technically, it's well known that type systems cannot be perfect in the sense of consistency and finding all "good" programs. Therefore, socially, it's known that there are bad neighborhoods like Foreign, Typeable, and System.IO.Unsafe where one has to be extremely careful while playing around. So, sure, you make a great, fun technical point, but at the same time Haskell as a language and a community has very, very carefully worked to make sure people don't make segfaults — actually, they tried to make sure people don't even write ugly code with polluted namespaces and odd global state. Perl, C, Java just haven't (as much). Take a look at Parsec sometime. Sure, you can do parsers in any language, but the monadic/combinator structure is a little bit eccentric and a lot amazing. It's just the opposite actually, and worse. If he's aware of his surroundings, he's been trapped for 6 years without any output instead. Able to observe and think, but unable to move, unable to speak, unable to interact with or affect his environment except as a comatose patient. Being Locked-in is one of the worst things I can imagine and yet is very real. I think it's important that the graphs don't perfectly fit and that the equations look simple (though some aren't really). It might be taking her work too far, but if you think of art as a way of communicating, it's nice to think of messages about how math can guide the real world, but rarely does the real world fully fit. I don't know about user-end software, but all of that image processing would be fairly simple to do in either Matlab or SciPy. It requires image segmentation (which should be fairly easy in pictures like these with strong edges) and then just running a FFT. One could still teach someone new. A common misconception is that "simple" is easy to do. Instead, it's often as hard if not more difficult. Solid design is a battle won in the detail and with simple designs you have fewer details that each must be perfect. For example: The left part of DedaSys - The fonts are sized as to have an ambiguous hierarchy - The shadows are not consistent and thus break the illusion of layered paper - (especially important is that the shadow on the yellow bar at the top doesn't match the shadow in the menu block) - The current location box is larger than the others once again breaking the illusion of layered paper - The grey line surrounding the whole thing crosses layers On your personal site - The text grids are not equal or obviously intentionally unequal - The navigation headers are almost randomly arranged - The picture doesn't fit well into the gridlines formed by your text - Your text doesn't have a visual flow Each of these criticisms is a tiny fix in and of itself, but they build an emotional reaction in a viewer. It's an unfortunate circumstance that your designs are judged by all viewers on the same level as those done by professionals. No matter how hard you try, nothing looks "good" unless it's close enough to perfect that people can't tell it isn't. --- So, what are you going to do? Simple designs are a good place to start: you can iterate them much more quickly, and, just like all design, you definitely are going to be iterating. Graphic design can be thought of as the unification of a message with a design metaphor. Simple designs should have simple messages and simple metaphors. Interestingly, your sites provide a great comparison. DedaSys has a simple message (a shallow hierarchy) but a complex metaphor (stacked, multicolored paper in hard lighting). Your personal site has a simple metaphor (text blocks in white void) but a complex message (highly nested hierarchy with many levels of equal importance makes it difficult to skim). So pick a simple metaphor and craft a simple message and then keep iterating. - single sheet of brilliant plain paper with two columns - a sheet of nice, lined paper lain on textured wall paint - Two sheets of paper, laid atop one another, with shadows between them (these all involve paper because it's easy to visualize, but it's possible to get more exotic while still being simple) - a pane of glass with big bold letters stuck to it, held over interesting scenes which are wildly out of focus in the background Visualizations of your message and metaphor drive the "simple" details which build your design, but you should always be moving in a positive direction. There are three focuses I like to use: 1. intent: make it clear that even your accidents were thought out 2. consistency: if you've made an intentional decision, defer to it throughout the design 3. illusion: let a realistic design metaphor guide your decisions --- So with that theory in mind, there are also a few pretty common design tricks that help you to be effective. All sorts of comments have already covered these, but I'll reiterate 1. Pick a grid, both horizontal *and vertical* and stick to it 2. Study other designs, especially classic and powerful ones like Coca-cola's logo or a newspaper, and understand what makes them attractive. Steal it. 3. Study the shape and appearance of real things. If you can physically build what you want your website to look like, you have a wonderful guide for how to design it. 4. Study a little typography. It's a very old art which has strong traditions. Some of them are important and necessary, some of them are simply important because of consistency. We're all expert consumers of type design, whether we know it or not. and finally 5. Break any and all of these rules when you think you should, but know when you're doing it and DO IT INTENTIONALLY. Breaking a rule shyly looks terrible. Breaking one with panaché makes something striking and phenomenal. --- Graphic design is a fun thing, but it takes just as much effort and skill as programming. With that in mind, good luck on your journey. I honestly think this is related to the ideas in Edward Tufte's "Cognitive Style of Power Point: Pitching Out Corrupts Within" [1]. I've had professors who used PP elegantly, but, anecdotally, their methodology was far different. I'd speculate that PP simply doesn't have the information capacity to truly cover complex material. If a professor understands this, they can use it effectively as a skeleton of a lecture which persists aiding students' intuition of the hierarchy of the material. If a professor, who may well understand the material, doesn't catch the information dearth of PP, they often only end up presenting a small part of the material. [1] http://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/books_pp a very interesting graph: one that shows the number of code commits to WebKit Except the graph is of commits/day, not overall commits. This means even less than the way TC wants to advertise it. Integrate the lines and it'll be a long time before Google touches Apple's contributions in the way this story implies. In fact, TC's coverage is flat dishonest by stripping any mention of scale and then zooming in on the overtake point. It's never any surprise to conclude that TC is sensationalist lying, but when they post numbers it casts hard light on the truth of the matter. Very clean writeup on Vul's paper. It's also a fantastic real world example of "lying with statistics" that is subtle and easily overlooked. The simple presentation of a subtle (and possibly misguided) descriptive statistic can easily mislead a casual or biased reader. Any chemistry guys able to explain in detail how this works? What always has interested me is that whoever is running it has some sizeable investment. It can't be cheap. Three years into studying Chinese and noting her non-technical background, I think I disagree. I think it's a great metaphor. The strength of the comparison doesn't come from the need for persistence, which is truly critical to either undertaking, but instead the kind of mental reformatting that needs to go on before either mode of expression is going to make sense. I liked her bopomofo example because it highlights the fact that there is a level below programming can even begin --- it's the level that "your grandmother" can't even see --- and if you think you can just dive into an intro to Python (sorry Mark Pilgrim) and hope you'll be sadly, sadly mistaken. Both endeavors require a great deal of tedious study of minor detail. You need to unlearn a lot and relearn it more generally. You can't program if the idea that computers run instructions isn't implicit; you can't speak Mandarin if you don't speak and hear tones without thinking twice. Considering Linus speaks Swedish I'd have to agree. To his kind of bilingualism, hearing people 'gitpull' all the time can't help but summon a grin. 20,000 users all the time with total anonymity and no site-related income and it doesn't matter how you're doing video. IE just never gets the joke. I'm always aware of this when I look at model rooms for designer furniture. They are always alarmingly spartan. With that image, it's easy to notice that without the pressure of real stuff, your mind prefers it not be there. That always struck me about IKEA. It tries to have both by trying to appeal to high design while filling their model rooms with clutter. It's very telling and a wonderful business model since they'll sell you the stuff: moose spaghetti, tiny candles, cacti. Step 11 should be: If you don't have an element to clear out the bottom, you can get limited functionality by applying overflow: hidden to the containing element. In most cases this will cause it to extend and prevent the inner elements from bleeding out. In some edge cases it will cause them to be hidden, though. 6ish. Apps release sub-application platforms for apps that we really have no use for but are just so available now anyway. As a coding designer, there's a two-edged sword here. 1) Considering the costs of implementation limits the space of possible designs thus reducing originality. 2) Considering the costs of implementation limits the space of possible designs thus inspiring creation. Which is just an obnoxious way to say that sometimes it's pretty damn useful to design things that are hard to implement. If you're too tied to the CSS, you won't try dumb enough things often enough and that's a direct line to insipid design. fla;dr? http://www.slideshare.net/smartrevolution/how-a-clojure-pet-... In my experience, that's not how design works. You don't "start" with any design. Eventually you whittle your way through a bunch (100s?) of bad designs to something you want to spend the effort to perfect. And at this point, I agree. If you know how to code you can use the principles of practicality to guide your final decision to a design that fits the medium. But I'm always starting with pen and paper drawing things that could never exist in your browser. I think it's integral. I'll just take the quicker method of waiting for the singularity. This is a great place to start. http://putthison.com/ is a great place to keep going back to. Fashion hacking is just generally something good to do. It'll make all impressions of you automatically more of everything positive. At least so long as you don't brag about it. Fashion is about emphasizing the traits you already have by putting them against a pleasing background. You'd use the statistics from the likely huge amount of sales data that Campbell almost certainly already has to adjust for things like that. You'd also have a magnificent sample size to play around in. Reading the Typeclassopedia is a great way to hear this all over again slightly different and is therefore highly recommended. Really the biggest step is, as jrockway says, to realize that Monad is (kind of) a verb. "Here's a list and here's how you can monad it." Probably because of the sort of stuff found here http://daringfireballwithcomments.net/ Science PhD's are on roughly the same ground as those poor MDs who didn't know what a positive test result does not imply high chances of having a rare disease. Statistics can be non-intuitive because common sense only ever approximates it at best. You've got to either always run the math or build some good heuristics for when to expect that common sense just failed you. Not quite true. If the host gives you the option to switch based on a coin flip, that flip will be independent of the state of the game and just average the overall probabilities between a regular game and a switch-style game. Now, allowing the host to act totally randomly will remove the advantage. In particular, the host needs to randomly choose which door to open from all three (including your own). If he finds the goat, you reset and play again perhaps, if he doesn't find the goat then you've got a 50/50 chance between the remaining doors. The probabilities are simple because each door was treated exchangeably and there could be no possible information flow that is mutual to, entangled with, the location of the goat. You're absolutely right and my argument fails, but it doesn't invalidate the point I wanted to get at. In the long run, your coin flipping method does cause the game to behave as though there were only two doors, but in any given game you'll know whether or not the host is going to choose a door. That means that, conditional on a good flip, you may still be able to act to your advantage since there's information transfer from the host to you. Sure, but it introduces two new, even scarier names and isn't even as short as multiclamp = clamp >=> return clamp or as general as allclamp lims x = foldM (flip clamp) x lims Haskell is easy to make very, very opaque at the promise of generality, but if you're just making Maybes there's no need to dig that deep. Oh, no. I like the foldM implementation. I like Kleisli arrows, too, but this application isn't even on the same planet of generality from where Kleisli lives on. The value of money is at least in some ways derived from laws. It's well known not to be. I don't know if that's fully true. One pattern used nearly ubiquitously and having relatively little fear of vanishing is the function. That example makes me either doubt the power of that quote or curious as to what in the hell could out abstract abstraction . (More concretely, works like the Typeclassopedia seem to get at the heart as to why I think Monads are a different beast than language patterns like Singleton.) I wonder about the reverse causation situation as well: does rule based ethical thinking help people to gain power? Without trying to debate deontology versus consequentialism, it certainly seems that someone who can just decide things based on rules would have an easier time gaining power than someone who wastes effort considering the consequences of each action. Yeah, I had to introduce one more scary name to do it, but (>=>) is really a good one to learn. It's monadic composition. (>=>) :: (Monad m) => (a -> m b) -> (b -> m c) -> (a -> m c) (>=>) c1 c2 a = (c1 a) >>= c2 It really helps to clean up some names that normally would be carried all throughout do-less monadic code. No, it depends on the distribution. Let's say (as a first guess) that number of children follow a poisson distribution. A poisson distribution with mean of 1.84 has 74% of children being first borns. There are a lot of reasons why a poisson model probably isn't great, but it's worth pointing out that a model with more density near zero is probably likely and implies that first borns are more popular than the they look. 74% versus 80% isn't anything to write home about. Moreover, as Mz points out, only-children are a totally different case. I think part of the op's argument was to consider what the best way to learn programming is. Imperative/OO programming is important to learn someday, but it's not necessarily the easiest or best one to start on. So Microsoft's motivations might not be clearly aligned with learning. Should or shouldn't they be? I think in a post iPad world it might become a lot more common. More like a fundamentally stupid mistake of inverting my parameters when I checked the number, getting a result in tune with the article, and then not thinking it through at all. It'd be possible to have a whole great deal of families with 0.1st children, but that's just the egg on my face. I think you nailed it: I'm pretty sure Microsoft's motivations are simply to make the best development environment they can. But children aren't developers (yet) and learning to program isn't necessarily easiest or best using imperative languages. It's not judgment, it's a difference of goals. Imitate The Deck ( http://decknetwork.net/ ). They produce beautiful, low impact, relevant ads which I frequently consider carefully and often click-through on. They do an amazing job and I've deliberately reduced the power of my adblock blacklists to see those ads. An example ad: http://hivelogic.com/ They're clearly not even attempting to scale, but they have the ideas that -- if brought to scale -- could make advertising less sinful. Absolutely. There is no free lunch. Typesetting is a difficult job and unique typesetting is still considered a innovative profession. Latex is a wonderful tool for doing it, but you still need skill, creativity, and drive to use it masterfully. That being said, Latex defaults have more typsetting heritage influencing their design than anything WYSIWYG tool. If you can handle the tradeoffs selected, it's a fantastic default route. I do this using org-mode's tables pretty frequently. It's the way I generate 95% of my Latex tables. I agree and disagree. TeX isn't a terrible language, but it's not a modern language either. Additionally, there's a lot of environmental complexity knowing that typesetting is a complex business. Writing a fluff template language that compiles to Sty files would be a great project. Kolmogorov Complexity relates to the idea that you can use some kind of computer to encapsulate repeating patterns. When you do this, you have to store the data of your program somewhere and its size relates (sort of) to abstractly just how complex the problem was. It's also equivalent to Minimum Message Length, so looking into that might help. Roughly, the relevance remains the same if you just remove "Kolmogorov" from the op's statement. The manager doesn't understand that inventing a whole new solution is complex no matter how many or few people use it. Which isn't strictly true, but it's definitely a good rule of thumb. — or pop? Depressing as it is, I wouldn't be surprised if suicide rates climb. Durkheim would probably think so. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%89mile_Durkheim A list (for instance) is not a monad. A list plus appropriately defined unit_list and bind_list together form a tuple which is a monad. That's the 'is a' sense of monads. When you refer to a list itself, it's easier to think of it as having the adjective "monad ed " since unit and bind are defined even if you don't usually carry them around with you. A list is a monad/has the properties of a monad because the appropriate definitions of unit and bind both can exist and are written. Which just reinforces the fact that a monad is the collection of ( , bind, unit). What a gross invasion of people's privacy as enabled by collecting information they already willingly submitted. If chatroulette proper is an unwavering stare into the faces and bodies of the internet, chatroulette map is stripping one further layer of anonymity away. It's also terrifying to think what'll happen when this collides with registered sex offender counts. The announcement from the band's website: http://www.okgo.net/2010/03/10/onwards-and-upwards/ And a community of library writers so prolific that I actually went to check to see if M-x spoon existed. A catalogue of charities giving information about their goals and their financials. Help me to help others most efficiently with my money. Engaging lay science journalism that doesn't suck. Actually pretty damn close to perfect. I'd wish there was a better overview (multiple comparisons) so that I could begin to get a better understanding for their ratings and charity expense breakdowns, but the information is all there. Thanks for the plug. This bothered me for a while because I'm not sure what you mean. I can take it three ways. 1. Negative means data that contradicts the popular hypothesis. This is frequently reported very prestigiously, though sometimes care has to be taken depending on just how deeply held the refuted belief is. 2. Negative means data that is highly inconclusive. This data is often non-reported since people continue experiments until they have a story or just drop inquiry. It should still (in some cases) be reported along with the final, telling data but probably isn't. 3. Negative means data that supports already "known" beliefs. Totally "uninteresting" results which just serve to give us the tiniest greater justification to believe what we do. Rarely reported. I can see (2) but mostly (3) being suitable targets, but you might have a different idea in mind for what negative data is. In the end it sounds like a need to make big advances in meta-analysis in order to have data reported against a more quantified context. Global, public, and automatic meta-analysis of the state of scientific belief is a hard problem I would love to see solved. It breaks simple random sampling meaning that you're optimizing purely for some unknown subset. That becomes a problem when someone someone realizes that Netflix is spending millions of dollars to have a recommendation engine that ends up being racist. I suppose I'm a minority opinion, especially with the high YC concentration of developers, but I feel pretty personally gratified by Apple's policies. I don't own an iPhone, but I'm more interested in purchasing one who's App Store is full of quality, innovative applications. You can call it stifling free speech or alienating developers, but I feel like there's at least an attempt internally at Apple to follow the rules they set plus the one, unwritten one of "improve our brand, we worked really hard to make it the way it is". I'm not going to agree with every ridiculous decision that's happened so far, but I will say that the removal of crude sexy apps and cookie cutter RSS feeds makes me more interested in poring through the App Store someday. It's, to me, equivalent to pruning out spammy advertisements. I never mind paying, in attention or money, for craft. I totally agree with supporting (2), it's actually something I'm interested in as a research topic. Like I mentioned, I think part of the difficulty is the non-generality of being able to summarize that sort of material. There are (orders of magnitude) more inconclusive results than telling ones. Now the idea of being able to search a scientific question and somehow find a meta-analytical summary of all the inconclusive results ever reported would be flat magical. If the summaries were really useful it'd likely generate a large number of telling results almost automatically. Of course, a resource like that is almost mythical sounding for today. It depends on what you're logging. Pure code can keep its own log in Writer and then depose the whole thing to the IO logger later. Since there's no guarantee of the timing or synchronicity on non-IO code, this works well. Of course, zip code and birthday are a pretty huge amount of information. With the simplifying assumptions of roughly uniform distributions, knowing a birthday confers ~8.5 bits and knowing your zip code is worth ~15 bits. That's 23.8 in total. It's not surprising that those two pieces of information can pretty easily narrow down an identity. log2(3*10^8) = 28.2 I think the critique is less the use of the technique and more the ubiquity of it. Digital lighting can easy appear curious and unreal. My roommate doesn't think it's crazy. He's recently been doing better but has previously been the emergency room more than 20 times for asthma-related complications including full blown pneumonia and the conversion of the lower third of one lung to complete scar tissue. It can become bad enough. To quote justokay quoting Mike Jordan http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1055389 I've read a number of books from that sequence and they are definitely the core you need to start hitting for advanced stat. There's almost a 1 in 10 chance of seeing any 9 digit string (according to the website), so it might be a little bit surprising at least. More like Jazz marketing got undercut by the popularization of cool. That used to be half the marketing: they were superhuman levels of cool. Untouchable. Today's Jazz musicians are just nerdy. If we're going to use a Bayesian treatment, the real sin is throwing away your uncertainty. What I would love to see is a ranking algorithm that provides an elegant, intuitive interface to fuzzy ranking. If we can't be confident of the ordering, why pretend? It's a usability problem, not a statistics problem. Your estimator is slightly more resilient than Amazon's and somewhat less conservative than the author's. It's definitely simpler, but who cares? Visitors never have to compute it after all. I agree. I think it's a great problem to motivate a startup on. I've been using velcro and double-sided tape, but I think this method is even better. That's incredibly misleading and a fantastically blunt example of correlation not implying causation. Do you really think Indian Independence was the only factor over a 60 year period responsible for that 33 year life expectancy increase? It's what you comment appears to say. I'd still believe your (implied) argument considering that it was likely that after Indian Independence the people were more able to get access to modern medicine and distribute it effectively, but without including some comparative estimate those data points are particularly biased and misleading. A friend of mine at JHU is working on iPad integration in health system informatics. It's a great device and all, but the first thing doctors ask: Can this thing be autoclaved? I don't think Steve Jobs is thinking about that one. Android might be better off. So how do you tell between options (1 & 2) and (3)? It's not satisfying to chalk it up to "consensus", I think. Gelman himself recommends very generalized model checking as a philosophy to search the space of underlying theories, but aren't Bayesian methods supposed to let us "put a prior on that"? Why must something like human intuition go unmodeled? I didn't get the impression only bad data was fixed, instead they used model misfit to highlight deficiencies in the model (it didn't account for all information, namely the motion of the satellite) and then updated the model. The question becomes at what point does adding more degrees of freedom to your model lead to overfitting, though for reasons I've never felt fully confident in, Gelman tends to assume that Bayesian methods don't overfit. Again, nobody is disagreeing. This isn't a defense of Monster, it's a typical It's More Complicated Than That jibe. Don't buy Monster unless that flowchart checks out, but also realize that it's not impossible to see signal degradation on those cheaper digital cables. It's just a lot less likely. The scary part is that delete and send are pretty close to each other in gmail. Off windows, it probably takes more processor to run the youtube video than it would to run the game. I'm in. The contact email is also armin.ronacher+dontbelieveanythingontheinternet@active-4.com So. ... and is part of the American culture. More presciently, total ignorance of the question of culture and assumed dominance and superiority over even the possibility of other cultures is part of the American culture. Whatever you might think about Zed, try to separate that from your argument and realize that he does have a point. It's distorted by his comical Personal Over Intensification Field, but if you're the type to throw your feet up on the table do take at least one thing away from this article. It's extremely rude to some people and thus loudly demonstrates that you're considering their point of view worth pretty much precisely zilch . Even without the dog shit. Can't the major complaints be addressed by just moving all this to the bottom of the file? # foo.py: objects that manage the interaction between foos and bars # (see eof for license and detailed description) Not just when promoting. You're right, it's exactly equivalent to releasing a keyboard with shift on either side in a world where keyboards don't yet exist. Multitouch is a different world. Haskell's motto is "avoid success at all costs". I'd be fascinated to see how fast he could run if blood doped. R is not such a terrible language, though it is quirky. Unfortunately, yes, you are kind of handicapping yourself. The libraries behind R are, for statistical purposes, infinitely better than Python. Honestly, once you learn them both, it's best to use Illustrator when you need good presentation and R all other times. I can think of very little that Excel can do that can't be done faster in R and prettier with Illustrator. So I'd condense the argument to: if you're not comfortable with R/Illustrator and don't have time to learn, use Excel. It's generally for finishing and publication. For rapidly updating graphics, the libraries lattice and ggplot2 are both good enough looking. Before anyone goes to jail, Apple needs to publicly admit that this is their device. Current analysis seems to suggest strongly that it is , but it'll be interesting to see if they admit it. I love this style. Notably: "if X doesn't look like Y, something broke. Figure out why. " Nothing is more important in learning any task than learning how to keep learning, and holding someone's hand too tightly might keep them from trying. Sink or swim. Great start, Zed. And if anything, that argument might suggest the upper 10% should almost have the lower 90 enthralled. Society is a fundamentally mental event. To claim you're more skilled than 90% of it and still fail to succeed is to not really be telling the whole s story. Which is fine. Maybe you don't care about other people enough to invest. Maybe you've decided to spend time elsewhere. Just stop trying to be so holy that you can't overcome the challenge of learning about and appreciating others. I wish Apple would just change the agreement to say "if your app isn't totally polished to our legendarily exacting concepts of quality, we reserve the right not to bless it with the App Store". It wouldn't make anyone even sort of happier, but I can't help but feel it's closer to the truth of the matter than questions of language use. I highly doubt Apple would cry if a top notch app was developed in Haskell so long as the developer knew the burden of maintaining the API divide and still delivered. It makes me feel the whole thing is a matter of lacking trust and legalese, and though language restrictions seem dumb I myself can't think of a better way to achieve the goals Apple appears to be aiming at. A key point to keep in mind in this whole debate it mentioned here. There's an assumption on Apple's part that these new platforms are so infant that they're certainly going to be doing major transformations over the next few years. That sort of lends a bit more credence to the demand for control. I actually love this limitation. My ADD has plummeted and I don't feel like I'm so much less effective. What can be said at all can be said clearly, and what we cannot talk about we must pass over in silence. Ludwig Wittgenstein He meant it of certain kinds of philosophy, but there may be other applications. In particular, making note of this situation serves directly to expand the problem. It saddens me to see Aza proud of dropping out of "3/4 of the schools he attended" as his title bar proclaims. It's one thing to note that a lot of people drop out of schools to seek their passions, but I never think of the dropping out as being the moment of pride. Questions of loyalty aside, you're trying too hard to be profound. I'm using sympathy, an interesting human emotion, to make commentary, not dredging up personal strife or attempting directly to change Aza's life and purpose. Also, I still have to disagree with marketing dropping out 3 times so blithely. Opinions may differ, but as it stands I could interpret that to mean he's had 3 semesters at different colleges and the a degree from a community college. Without even critiquing that course of action, it certainly doesn't seem to convey the same message Aza undoubtedly wants to share. "I've attended four colleges to learn what I use today" is closer to useful, though still weak when you're talking about such easily misunderstood life choices. It invites questioning, discusses the positive mentality that might lead to those decisions, and doesn't sound like a Business Week fluff piece. 98% of people who've had a successful life have dropped out of college; isn't that surprising and almost certainly causal? I've never had such a sudden swing in opinion about a product. Previously, I can remember real panic in seeing your logo pop up: this was about to be a waste of 20 seconds of browsing. Now I'm reading PDFs on my iPad in an experience that very nearly beats some of the native apps. You guys listened, pulled a herculean engineering job, and absolutely hit aces. 1 day into it I can't say how I'll use your site, but I'm now excited to find out. Fantastic job! I have Flickr, Twitter, email, and blogs. All I need now is a half decent way to schedule events and a super flexible, privacy controlled index of friends and their blogs/twitter/flickr/email. Exploration and friend discovery were huge draws from Facebook. Sounds like there might be an interesting psychology at play. Anecdotally, I didn't even notice the changes until they pleasantly surprised me. I wonder how many others feel this way. It's the headline the article uses as well. It seems his argument is that information inundation lets stupid ideas live longer than they might otherwise, which is actually pretty wise. It's not necessary to pin it on iPods and XBoxes, but the idea that we need to learn healthy ways to survive information bombardment is neither new nor unwieldy. The historical comparisons are interesting, but I suppose it's one of those questions where technology is available but human nature and morality are lagging. The original site, Gilt Group, is a clothing sales store which has sales which start at 12pm EST. Frequently things will sell out within scarse minutes of the start. I imagine having your stats update 20 times/sec is extremely interesting (and exciting) for that kind of application.