It seems there are two things going on here. 1. Upset that people are now reacting negatively to this change as opposed to voicing criticism earlier 2. Being upset that criticism exists (2) is the sort of problem I can't help with except to say maybe grow a thicker skin or be a bit more aware of what it was you signed up for, but in regards to (1) - It's important to note that the people heavily invested in your project (enough to follow every new issue on Github and respond to them and have opinions) will be very different from your mainstream users. There is no shortage of people who heavily use a project and yet probably don't follow them in any way. So it's important to note that using that source of feedback likely subjects us to bias. Should I, in making a critical statement, be denied because someone else (or maybe several other someone elses) already have? It seems a bit odd that if I'm a critic that my ability to exercise my freedom there is constrained by whether other people have. They probably get a bonk on the head and checked for a concussion. Better then being hit by a delivery truck I suppose. There's a huge difference in quality between a $200 smartphone and a $6,000 high end DSLR camera. This is concerning. While TLS interception may be desirable by some, this is a dangerous precedent and I hope the de facto standard for all software will be to block and disallow this kind of behavior, and warn when it's been enabled ("This connection is not fully secure"). Agile is a very loaded word. One meaning of Agile is a very specific kind of process, the other meaning and perhaps closer to the original manifesto is what you're describing with the "non-agile" team. Certainly their job isn't to illegally deny him his right to representation or confiscate without returning his headphones? The CC conference is hardly some blackhat meetup. Likewise, Romania is by no means our enemy. So a guy, who has followed the law entirely, coming from a friendly country from a well known meeting, should be denied his basic legal rights and have his equipment confiscated... why exactly? What law did he break? How did TSA (or what you actually mean in this case, the CBP) "save us" from this gentleman? I've been on the opposite side of this. My own experience was that the person suffered from a mix of being a slow typer, and also didn't assemble ideas well before communicating them. For me at least, this was bad enough that I had to write as the person talked and rephrase their words back to them to make sure I had turned it into what they meant. A DM in a chat is precisely the place for those kind of convos (especially the "Well what about X, Y Z.. wait, nevermind, I figured it out" kind of comments which I'm especially guilty of). Just spend some time getting your thoughts distilled down before you start typing. If all websites fall into one of two categories: fast or slow, and you penalize one, it's the same as helping the other and vice versa. I mean, really, that's most of AMP: a restriction on a bunch of elements that may slow things down and a bit of special mark up so things can be further accelerated. If most websites actually did load quickly, then I don't think AMP would have a reason to exist. But if most websites can't manage to slim down their bloat, then one potential answer may be to take away some of their toys (and I'm not saying it's the right answer, just a large part of AMP). Imagine someone unable to read - they lose access to an important source of information. Lacking basic computer literacy is similar - they lose access to news, modern encyclopedias, research, political announcements, etc. Those resources are critical to being an educated citizen and being able to participate in the democratic process meaningfully. An educated driver may not be able to explain in technical detail how an engine works, but they can explain the basic rules of the road and understand that a car needs oil, gas and basic maintenance. They likely have a basic understanding of what a modern combustion engine is (it takes in oil and gas to produce rotational energy) and understand that emission standards exist and that they have to follow them to some extent (they can't dump oil in their backyard). Google Home is starting to get there, especially in the games where the total set of commands and responses is much lower. It definitely has room to grow, but it'll get there given time. VR was terrible in the 90s, now it's breathtaking. Computer science != learning to code There's a danger in mixing technical spec information (a phone number can contain non-numeric characters) and non-technical spec information (women...). Some falsehoods are provably correct/incorrect, statements about people don't fit into that mold. I switched over a large group of friends from using a gazillion hangouts to slack and it's mostly been an improvement. That being said, there's a lot less of us: around 30. I'm definitely disappointed to hear about this. The pricing model sucks for us as well since it means $60 a head to add someone to the friend group if we wanted to pay for slack. If we could pay a fixed price and get a slightly better message history and more integrations, I'd gladly pay it, but per-head is just ridiculous. We also use Discord for online gaming since it's easier to invite people outside the group. It's been absolutely fantastic, but we had issues with some people not having access at work. Yeah, it's "gaming" related. Which to be fair, is why we use it... They clearly indicate otherwise. Slack is certainly meant as a productivity tool, but they make several claims: + For all kinds of "Work" + For teams of all types and sizes + Bringing people together to make them productive Compare that to the messaging for say Hipchat: + "Team chat built for business" + Enterprise features + Loved by your IT team (Edit - Formatting) This reads like a general lament about the world at large declining. That doesn't terribly surprise me. More/larger products, more opportunity to miss bugs or not be agile enough to work on them. Emails seem to be going out. I got one a while ago. I suspect this was an initial response geared towards the general audience and a more specific technical response will be forthcoming. They do rob sites of the ability to load 14 fonts, 2Mb of javascript and a gazillion images before letting me read the two paragraphs I want. Just like they also rob you of forcing me to take a survey first, or hounding me for my email, or otherwise preventing me from doing the single thing I want to do (read your content). Your site should be sticky because you have good content, not because you've tricked me into clicking more links. In general, users do make their choice. Product designers counter by making it more difficult to leave or get content. I'm a firmly bitter user who has stopped frequenting a lot of websites because they don't load well or don't give me what I consider to be an acceptable value prop (I'll happily turn off my adblocker if your ads are well behaved, I won't take a survey to read a one paragraph article). But most users, and especially most non-technical users, aren't willing to take that same stance despite being very frustrated. It seems to vary between "well that's just how the internet is" to "I don't know any other sources". Having google prioritize non-terrible sources is a big boon to those non-technical users in my eyes, cemented firmly when I watch my mom or other older family members try to search the internet. 1. Lots of users care. Watch any senior citizen on a mediocre PC surf the internet for twenty minutes. 2. Google did and still does. Load times were still unacceptable across the board, usually not because they had to be but often times because the people running the websites don't care enough to. Same as for HTTPS. 3. AMP is a more drastic reaction. It appears to be working. That being said, I would like to see AMP become enacted only on sites that do actually take a long while to load. At the same time, AMP is still opt in. This isn't forced altruism, but you can play nicely or be lowered in rankings in response. -- edited for formatting It's funny because I'm the exact opposite. I have to have paper books for my pleasure reading, but most of my technical or higher brow books I keep digital since it's massively cheaper and easier to search/bookmark/leave notes/etc. :( -- clarification Technically all it means, if the error is as advertised, is that the uefi bootscript failed to match. Now, it could be as simple as that UEFI was customized by a vendor. Or it could be something less innocent. Well no, but as the title said, if you'd like to continue being an employee for Uber in the Seattle area, it sounds like you have to at least pretend to listen to outright propaganda. Imagine if before you were allowed to sit down at your desk to work in the morning you had to listen to pro-genocide propaganda. It's obviously not something you want to listen to, it's not related to your work, and it's an abuse of the basic system of business. These kind of tactics are shortsighted and will absolutely hurt uber. It doesn't appear to have it, which is a shame. That would of been a killer feature on a tablet this size for a lot of people. That's a wee bit troubling. There might be an argument for some kind of user experience, but, uh, that's not how it's actually phrased. Obviously client side encryption is an important part of using any kind of cloud storage, so disallowing it pretty much removes any potential use of Amazon drive for me. I have some photos I don't mind being stored unencrypted, but I have plenty I'd rather not allow any and every app to have access to. The install parameter you provide already requires yarn and the rather large ember-cli, in addition to requiring my app to be built on top of glimmer instead of with it. How can this possibly be considered remotely lightweight, especially compared to something like Mithril? I count at least 12 repos on your github that seem to be integral components including a dedicated CLI! Do those free meals meet everyone's requirements? My office gets pizza or tacos for us on a very frequent basis, which while a nice gesture doesn't fit in with my own diet at all (which often means if I'm at the office, I end up eating my carefully prepared meal while being stared at funny while everyone else chows down on junk food). Consider other dietary options like pork free, gluten free, vegan, IF, etc. Also just the plain factor of some employees just won't like a given kind of food (not everyone likes tacos, etc). Quite frankly, I can eat super cheaply and healthy at home, on my own weird food schedule. I don't need my office to feed me (though the gesture is a nice one). Even as a JS developer, I'm not sure JS would be my goto. I actually really like introducing people through pure Ruby (so, not rails) since the syntax is pleasing, it has OO concepts but can also be used functionally, and really cuts down on the "scaryness" of the language. Python isn't a bad choice but virtualenv, v2/v3 issues, etc do make it a bit scarier. Also there are a lot of bad tutorials out there that teach poor habits (not that JS is any better..) ANSI C isn't a bad one either but I think it's more difficult to grasp and is slower to get results which might dissuade some new developers. Extremely useful! I'm currently on DO (and I love them) but I've been eyeing vultr and this definitely pushed me to give them a go. Regular small meals have been frequently recommended for a variety of diet reasons and is in no way tied to diabetes or other health issues, and is often times better then a glut of food in a single meal. In addition, people prone to hypoglycemia can benefit from gentle gnoshing through the day. http://www.webmd.com/diet/obesity/features/6_meals_a_day#1 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-53111/Why-eating-l... That's not a massive ton of protein. It's probably a bit more than the average person is likely to make use of but I'd rather an extra 20g of protein than an extra 20g+ of sugar. Mmm, beer and kebab. I'm the last person to defend Cloudflare. They do a fair bit of crappy things (treat TOR poorly amongst them). But, we do have freedom of speech in the US. And while that doesn't mean everyone has to give you a platform for that speech, it does mean a content provider needs to decide between being a judge or allowing everything. Sure, Neo-Nazis seem like an easy case - nobody likes Nazis. But, what about people calling for a boycott of Israel? Or what about critical political speech? Should Cloudflare (or anyone) be in the business of making judgements about those kinds of content and if they're allowed or not? :( So, if you go to Cloudflare's abuse form ( https://www.cloudflare.com/abuse/form ) they do state: > CloudFlare will notify the site owner and, where appropriate, the web hosting provider for the site in question. That being said, it's in body sized font, in a huge block of text, and if I wasn't looking for it, I wouldn't see it. So, it's "stated" but probably not very clear that abuse reports may be forwarded. As a webmaster/previous ISP, I expect (again, prior knowledge here) that abuse complaints will be forwarded. But, does the average person? Probably not. My $0.02 - Cloudflare states it, but they need to make it much more clear if they intend to keep the policy, or possibly revise the policy. However, bad UI seems a weak reason to vilify them. ---- Edit: Actually, they state it twice - including right before the submit button in larger font size. It's pretty hard to miss. Are you seeing a lot of benefit from daily meditation? Does having it be firmly scheduled help it become a regular habit? Despite the fact that I usually bring my coffee from home, or go to a local shop, the fact that a company offers free coffee/snacks/etc matters from a perspective. If a company is going to nickel and dime you, charge you $0.25 for a coffee or force you to provide your own... they probably are going to be cheap in other places as well. If they aren't willing to give you coffee or seltzer, they are hardly going to give you good hardware or software - which is something that does affect me. That being said, that only goes so far. I don't really care about free lunches, or if a company has some game console. I mostly just don't want to work for a company that is going to nickel and dime me because it means they're cheapskates. I've stopped interviewing with companies that do this. Take home interview "challenges" take up a lot of time and resources. Most of the ones I've gotten have been prototypes/MVP type deals. + You're asking me to spend almost a week of my time, for free + I have similar examples on my Github + I'm not usually allowed to share the solution Sorry, but if you can't look at my significant github profile and figure out if I can code or not, then we probably aren't a good match. I'm not going to work for free because you're bad at interviewing. To put this another way, flip the question. Would you give me your product for free for a week? (Probably not...) That being said, I think paying for the interview is probably acceptable. The fact that they were only getting 1k reqs/sec with Node gives me concern. It clearly shows something went wrong there very early on at a very fundamental level. By no means is Node the end-all be-all for performance by any measure, but you should definitely be getting much much higher throughput than 1k reqs/sec. Simply booting up a single core http server should net you around 4-5k requests per second. Spin up an instance per core and you should be _at least_ in the 10k realm. Pretty much. If Ads were without JS and videos (or, at least autoplaying videos) I really wouldn't care. Hell, if they were relevant ads to the website, I'd probably even click on them and buy things occasionally. But when a modal pops up or I get redirected, or your ad floats over your content and tries to follow my scrolling not only are you not going to sell to me, but I'm going to leave your website. Why should I be cursed with the weight of your type system when I chose a language without types? If I wanted a typed language, I would use a typed language . JS has a lot of benefits. Being able to use JS to make native-ish apps has it's place. Being able to use typed JS to make native-ish apps probably means you should be using a different language. But this isn't web development, this is a native-ish app. One certainly doesn't need to us JS to make a native-ish app. Then why use electron? Electron's entire purpose to let you use JS to build native-ish apps. If you want to use a typed system, then use a typed language that supports apps. As someone who occasionally has slow internet and doesn't want to wait 5+ minutes for CNN or such to load, it's pretty awesome. In terms of "a worse place", well, as a user, I disagree. I wish it wasn't necessary but it clearly is. Unless you just setup your own VPN? Or maybe trust external auditors? Or otherwise spend time actually looking into service providers before giving them your money? AMP is opt in. Full stop. You choose to participate in AMP. You can't choose to not be throttled by an ISP, or to bypass censorship. "I would use a browser with javascript disabled". See, this is the point where AMP provides actual benefit. Many sites don't function at all without JS. AMP gives me a site that actually works without the extra crap. 1. Correct, I mean opt-in from the publishers, who seem to be the exclusive people complaining 2. Yes. As a user who really enjoys amp and really hates that every single text-based news source takes over a minute to load on a 100Mb/s+ connection, I feel not bad at all. Not even the tiniest bit. Publishers entirely brought this upon themselves. Internet speeds are faster than they've ever been, and websites are the slowest they have ever been. This is fundamentally unacceptable. It would be better for users, and by extension, the web, if publishers stopped building horrendously bloated websites. Since they absolutely positively refuse to, AMP seems the appropriate answer - if there's demand to take away their toys, someone is going to feed into it eventually. My willingness to jump through hoops is proportionate to how much I want to work with you. If you pay me well and treat me well, I want to work with you. If you're trying to hire me for 50% of market, my tolerance is much lower. If you think frozen pizza is a replacement for freshly made pizza (regardless of what makes it), then you must not have any taste buds. A fresh pizza has qualities in the dough and especially in the meats that just don't carry over to a frozen pizza. One is a proper dinner, the other is a backup plan. Ask for a sabbatical. Take a month (or better yet, three). It will benefit both you and the company. Discuss options here, and whether or not it's paid (or paid partially). It's a hard ask and a really hard conversation to start, but it sounds like you need the time. Early retirement (significantly early that is) does not tend to do well for folks who take it. The loss of mental faculties once you have a reason to stop using them is astounding. The ones who are most successful tend to "retire" and then switch to low paid or unpaid volunteer work full time. Err, it's not clear that EU law applies to US companies online, nor should it. There are many things illegal in the EU that are quite allowable in the US including a lot of freedom of speech issues. One of the issues anytime we have legislation on the internet is how it applies. If XYZ company is based out of the US, markets itself to the US, but has a generally available website, does EU law apply to it at all? Even if an EU citizen uses it? Alternatively, can every country force their laws on websites based out of the EU? This is a fantastic example of how to not write a blog post. Putting aside the ridiculous self quotes, the author has missed the point and value prop of linting entirely and set up a perfectly silly straw man in it's place. Linting exists for two reasons: 1. To catch silly mistakes (unused variables) 2. To provide a standard style In most code bases, and I imagine this is probably true for Invision, code is read much more frequently then it's written. Someone reading my code shouldn't struggle because I prefer tabs or spaces, or because I happen to appreciate an odd spacing scheme. Code should be relatively consistent, expected and non-magical. Instead this blog post reads like a school kid mad that they have a dress code. There are valid concerns around linting: + linting rules can hurt good practices (what makes sense for one codebase may not make sense for all code bases) + they require regular review (is this pattern still the best one for the team?) + they may be overly designed (and require developers to spend more time fighting whitespace alignment then actually helping readability) Of course, all of the above are fixable problems. There's no sense in throwing linting out with a ruleset. For most developers linting provides a lot of value in the form of immediate feedback, even if the rulesets used can be flawed. I go back and forth on this idea. It sounds very convenient, but then I also think about the crap I keep in my own vehicle that I like having close at hand: a serious first aid kit, some food and water, a cheap picnic style blanket, flash light, multitool. Stuff that I'm probably not going to carry on me but that I want nearby in case there's an accident or someone gets hurt or if I get stuck somewhere for a few hours without warning. I don't know, and in media stories about it, it has required a significant amount of chasing to actually read it. I don't agree with it, and it overly politicizes a social kind of argument - but I think it's important to drag these things into the light and debate them with clear facts and sources, not to let them linger in the darkness. For all it's faults, it did have one good suggestion - that programming may be more attractive to a lot of folks if we make it more collaborative in nature. That's an area where some otherwise really talented engineers suffer, and if we expand the discipline I think it would be a meaningful improvement for all. That's a good idea. What's the locality? > There's no way you can argue that obesity is anything other than a conflict between the environment we evolved for, and the one we live in I'll bite. Obesity occurs because our food is too cheap. Especially in the US, our food is horrendously cheap for a ton of calories. I (by some mistake) bought a $4 taco the other day that was about 1000 calories (and quite good). We went from having people dying from hunger, to having too much food available for extremely low prices. I eat on about $50 a week and live like a damned king - fresh gourmet bread, chicken and steak twice a day, hand folded pasta, imported olive oil, etc. A few hundred years ago and you were doing well to have some soup and a piece of bread on a daily basis. Now I can get a decent bottle of wine for below $8. > By the same token, the only kind of negotiating power the modern worker has in finding a good salary is the power to quit, and so people quit often and early, which leads to them moving frequently away from the friends they've managed to find. I don't think that's it either. I think, just like food has gotten to be too cheap and too readily accessible for our primate brains, we've managed to fake having friends. I can send a facebook friend request and get it accepted by anyone, I can have a drink with coworkers after work, or talk over the water cooler about game of thrones - and none of those are meaningful friends. Again, it's too "cheap" to form faux relationships. There's a (probably entirely unsourced) quote that it takes about 18 months to know a person. How many people do you spend quality, non-work time with, at least one or twice a month, for at least two years? For most people that may not even include their spouse. Any tech stack will work. That being said, I'd optimize for something that has enough power for NLP, but still makes it easy to work with sometimes unreliable chat services. Javascript and Python are both common options, Go and Elixir would be newer more experimental choices. There is nothing about a chatbot like framework that precludes any given technology. It's a cheap way to play with clusters while still using pretty common hardware and operating system choices. In addition the pi is small, the hardware is pretty simple and available, and it has enough flexibility for any basic project. In terms of any performance benefit? No. Containers come with their own set of expectations, needs, requirements and problems. They can be a useful tool but I suspect the cluster of Pis is a much more accurate model for multi-computer modeling. It depends :tm:. There are still a lot of codebases that are callback heavy. For one, callbacks are faster than promises in a lot of node versions by a very large margin. In other code bases, legacy rules still apply. Promises don't work well for some more complicated logical flows (though they're pretty damn perfect for the common ones) and async is still pretty new. Just because it's not a problem you deal with doesn't mean that it doesn't still affect plenty of devs. Genuinely curious, how? Do you have some example code to post? `git push deploy` You can get quite far without any kind of "pipeline system" nor does building imply a pipeline. If you want strong direction, then open world is the wrong end of the spectrum. Give me a large world with lots of complexity and I'll entertain myself for hundreds of hours. Give me a directed plot and I'll probably stop caring in about 4 hours. It seems to me there are two very different views of story telling in games. One camp wants games to be strongly directed minimal choice stories with a very specific narrative and it's entirely ok to curtail player agency to tell that story. Another camp thinks the opposite: player agency always comes first and there is no set narrative but the one that players create for themselves. This comes with the potential that said narrative can be dumb. I don't think either camp is wrong, just different ways to tell a story. I really favor the later, and I really hate when my agency is abridged as a player because some writer wants to tell a story I don't care about. At the same time, I'm sure plenty of folks have the opposite viewpoint. This used to be an issue I struggled with. I found sprinting towards small, but functional deadlines was effective. This way even if I put down a project for a few months and then came back, it was in an ok place to pick back up again and sprint some more on. I also found that being able to complete one small task and then switch gears on the project kept me more entertained. Also working with a good coding partner can be helpful, but that takes it's own time to setup and organize. Skyrim is definitely a gem of a game. I wouldn't however call it "directed" or "central". I've had several playthroughs of it as just a hunter or a spelunker and totally ignored the main story of dragonborn/background war (which is a strength of the game, not a fault). I would consider Fallout 4 to be much more directed. You have to be the survivor, you have to save the patriots, you have to ultimately destroy one of the three powers. Sure you can ignore the plot for a bit, but you can't advance any storyline. You can't play PI or explore vaults unless you've advanced the story. The Netflix scoring system is personalized so it doesn't outright help or harm anyone but you. They moved away from stars because it's too relative of a scale. Is 3 stars worth watching? What about 5? If I liked a movie but it wasn't amazing, do I give a 3 or a 4? Is 3 bad or median? I've always chosen Atom over VSCode because I don't want these features. Autocomplete even on really expensive IDEs runs way to slow, clever auto formatting and it's ilk tend to not work well for me at all, and I dislike the overbearing project management features in most IDEs. I want a text editor that vaguely understands code with some simple file browsing and plug and play extensions. Atom trying to become VSCode isn't beneficial here at all. Text editors and IDEs are different ends of the spectrum. IDEs present a feature rich and often opinionated dev environment while text editors are, well, editors for text like content. Even with a fully unlocked enterprise license on it, autocomplete was lagging far behind me on a high end macbook pro. Maybe I just type too fast or the libraries I use are poorly laid out, but it was not working. I'd love a world where the brains are a wrist watch form factor, and phones/tablets/laptops are just better screens and keyboards (ie dumb interfaces) which connect to said watch. Let me scale up to the form factor I need, but keep my encrypted and personal hardware, data and connection on my person at all times in a waterproof form factor. Not as of 3.0 though I did enjoy 2.x quite a bit. Metal. http://www.metalsmith.io/ For sites which are closer to books, gitbook is an option as well. https://www.gitbook.com/ I wouldn't call it bullying. He isn't attacking the committer personally or due to anything outside the issue. He isn't hounding the committer. Bluntly telling someone they really screwed up and need to stop denying it isn't bullying. Someone being mean isn't bullying. Nope. This is a valid case to call someone out. Not just for Linus, but for anyone. Typescript isn't going to magically fix any issues, it'll just make your types a bit more obvious. Likewise, CoffeeScript, React, or any other tech isn't going to fix your issue. Javascript is powerful and flexible, and sometimes that's a flaw. It sounds like you need an architect who can look into modularization and setting some standards to in which teams are accountable. This isn't a perfect process, it usually takes a few iterations to see progress, and it requires a pitch to your business side of the house (usually along the lines of "Hey, we need more time to do maintenance work, but it'll drastically lower bugs seen by end users"). > Doesn't a person have a right to escape his miserable circumstances for a short time? Yes but not on my dime. I'm entirely happy to pay (directly or via taxes) to feed the hungry, shelter the homeless, get them medical care and clean clothes. But I really don't think buying them cigarettes and light beer is improving their situation in a meaningful way. Right, and if you disabled 50% of the language, you would also have a better codebase, but the trade off is going to be that any development is probably slower. Programming is about trade offs, and typescript offers you a fixed set of tradeoffs - much more project complexity for type checking ahead of time. That can be valuable in some instances - when one codebase has to be shared across a lot of team members that are unable to communicate well. But typically the better fix is to break down and modularize code so that we smaller, more easily managed pieces that can be handled by just a few hands. I prefer using `ed` to write pure ASCII C, obviously writing performance sensitive parts in pure x86 asm. /s This is good, with one major critique: > ECMAScript is an object-oriented programming language, having concept of an object as its core abstraction. This is technically correct but misses that Javascript is not OO in the way that many other languages are, but is instead prototypical in nature. That's an important distinction because creating long prototype chains in JS is a very bad and negative habit, where as the same behavior is absolutely fine in Java. Does your ISP have the ability to censor the internet for you? Do you watch Netflix? If you don't, that's ok, because most consumers do use it or a competing service. Internet Companies absolutely did try to charge Netflix extra, and in some cases throttled them. This was well documented. I don't know if you're a corporate shill or just genuinely lack the ability to comprehend how bad this is. Spectrum, Verizon and their ilk have absolutely shown zero regard for consumers and there is no reason to believe that pattern of behavior is going to change anytime soon. If they can screw over their consumers for a dollar, they will, just like they have continually done so in the past. I have a recommendation, and it's going to sound scary at first so please read all the way through. We should convince the firearms industry that Net Neutrality is in their interest. They benefit heavily from an internet presence, and recent actions on Youtube related to demonitizing firearms content have already affected the community. Firearms related content is absolutely an easy target for ISPs to block and censor. And if there's anything the firearms industry is good at in the US, it's fighting tooth and nail and using their reps to get things done. I realize it's an uncomfortable and unlikely alliance, but it could be a powerful one. Net Neutrality doesn't prevent QoS related management, but it does prevent per site throttling. My ISP doesn't have a right to throttle streaming video content because they want to sell me a $90 cable package. That is perhaps the single greatest amount of bullshit in one paragraph that I have ever read in my entire life. Before the gas chamber was the firing squad. Before that was the noose, the axe, and the guillotine. Humans have a long history of killing each other, and typically over time (with a few exceptions such as the electric chair) the methods have generally gotten more humane (if state sanctioned punishment resulting in death can ever be considered humane) and when those methods failed to be available, no human government has ever held off on using a more barbaric act of killing in it's place. Technology will either evolve without us, or less humane methods will continue to be used. Progress is both a promise and a threat. Right, you need to continue reading. Even if the Gas Chamber had never been designed, those people would of still been marched outside and shot by firing squad. Should we go back to the days of mandated government work programs? What is your actual recommendation here? At some point we have to accept that people should be able to make free choices, and will typically make sub-optimal choices. We can increase the burden on employers but then that means less overall jobs - which then leads to that starvation outcome you mention. So we should stop shopping at Amazon so their workforce is laid off? Or we should force Amazon to raise their prices which affects low income consumers the most? The HTML mode tag should put the browser into compatibility mode. This content should not be lost. This is being added to the browser, outside the realm of security updates, through what is supposed to be a UX improvement program, for commercial purposes. It's written by a commercial company that produces advertisement content. It's not clear this code is audited. Sorry, but I'm uninstalling firefox. They have broken the basic trust I have in them as a user to not push arbitrary code to my machine against my interests. I use some Jenkins and some Travis-CI( https://travis-ci.org/ ) with good luck. Travis seems capable of most things that Jenkins can do, while still being a pleasure to configure and work with. Also delicious in frozen margarita form! Re -Charitable interpretations I use a modified model of this called the 'Forgiving Copycat' model. Basically, I assume there is some chance people accidentally do rude/inconsiderate things. At the same time, someone who consistently does rude or inconsiderate things is probably rude or inconsiderate. To that end, I ignore rude behavior the first time, address it the second time, and return it the third. Even if the system doesn't do this directly, it's easy for a contractor with the data to do as much if the data is highly accurate. I hope that some mitigations are being put in place by limiting data accuracy to relatively wide windows (and the wideness of those windows will need to vary depending on how busy a thing is). Things that set off alarms: + Lots of unmodified forks or tutorials. A few is fine but too many is suspicious. + Tons of empty repos Things I like: + Lots of messing with different projects even unsuccessful work + Side projects, even incomplete ones + A mix of languages/designs/idioms Super awesome things: + OSS contributions + Working well with others + Good branching > No code reviews, security review, integration testing, quality assurance testing, compatibility testing, or validation. If this was a small startup, I can absolutely see those being hurdles. This is Microsoft on a product they've had for 20+ years that is a major part of their platform - those things should be mostly automated and well oiled machines. A mature enterprise level company has no excuses for "QA is hard!" or "We can't validate patches!" for a product they sell. I don't expect them to get this out in ten minutes, but they should be able to manage a patch in 24 - 72 hours for a fairly critical and relatively easily solved security bug. > IMO Javascript should not be allowed in ads at all. I agree fully. I think part of the issue is that the folks submitting ads want to collect a lot of data. They probably don't use that data (or if they do, not well), nor do I trust them to not collect very invasive and unsafe data, but I suspect for many folks that having their own JS payload makes or breaks a possible ad network. Given concerns about Monero mining, redirects, and other hijinks, removing JS from ads is even more critical now. I think the compromise will be to give ads some kind of network provided hook to get data back to "home" eventually, though then the issues above only shift from the ad provider to the ad network provider. That's kind of an odd assumption. I suppose for a coffee stand that only has a chair or two that might be true, but most cafes around me have a dozen or more seats and I've never sat down just to drink a coffee or have a snack. It seems if you don't want people to hang out, then don't have seating? I do it for high focus tasks. I like the noise level of cafe's and that interruptions are very rare. I can be extremely productive, and sometimes I'll do work at a cafe even if it isn't for my actual job. For instance I'll work on some fiction writing, or a coding project. At least around here most people seem to be on laptops. Whether they're playing a game or doing actual work I don't know since I try to not peep at other screens, but nobody has given me any stare-downs or anything rude. async/await worries me, not for abstract language reasons but because it hides complexity in a way not friendly for junior engineers. I imagine a lot of code that should be thought out and made parallel being forced into a synchronous flow. Note that promises aren't a ton better in this regard, and come with a ton of confusion themselves. In short, async is hard. Likely either coils start melting or RF burns. IPv4 and IPv6 are different underlying protocols that both carry services like HTTP. IPv4 is older, and uses what you likely think of as "standard" IP address (192.168.1.1). IPv6 uses longer hexadecimal addresses. IPv4 is due to run out of possible addresses and has been this way for a long time. However this has been consistently avoided by NATing, essentially hiding multiple devices behind a single router. IPv6 makes many more addresses available and solves this problem. However many data centers, online services, and even popular applications fail to correctly work nicely with IPv6 only users. Since the IPv4 exhaustion has been going on for a while, most developers don't consider it a concern when designing new services. I've pushed against tests like this before, especially "sample projects". My experience doing so falls into exactly two categories: + Companies that get very upset (one even had the CEO email me cursing me out after I said I wasn't going to remake a twitter API client considering I had a github full of API clients including one for twitter already!) + Companies that go "Oh, actually yeah, that seems to make sense. Can you highlight a few repos you'd prefer to show us, or do you mind doing some whiteboarding with us?" You never, ever, want to work for the first category. The first category of companies are the same people who usually expect you to work a lot of additional hours for free, have poor internal practices at least around work/life balance, and generally treat their engineers like code monkeys instead of people. So, I usually push back against these tests because it's very revealing to do. Even if you end up caving, it's important to test the companies response to a bit of polite push back. While I agree with your opinions here, those things are also somewhat personal. I place a lot of value on large housing, cheap car ownership and easy access to nice outdoor spaces. A lot of other folks place more value on not needing a car ever, lots of easy food delivery options, and access to any kind or show or performance you might ever want to see without having to travel. When I was first playing with this, I actually really expected you to be using an expensive performant solution like neo4j. When I read that you were using sqlite, I didn't believe it at first and thought it was a mistype from dev until I looked over the source. That's an impressive and well thought out performance enhancement, and that the app runs so blazingly fast on sqlite is very impressive. Reuse is important, but realistically, how much code is actually re-used? Sure, you have a lot of meaningful subcomponents or libraries that should be correctly isolated for re-use (and really, for testing purposes) but moving a state machine into the core of an application and away from segmented components and libraries hardly harms whatever reuse is likely to happen. I'm going to talk about a counter case that happened in real life, where a journalist was put on a "kill list" by the US Government. If you haven't read the entire [Drone Papers]( https://theintercept.com/drone-papers/ ) I highly recommend doing so. The government basically had a naive likelihood analysis program that attempted to group terrorists. If someone went to the same places as terrorists, in about the same schedule, then the system came to the conclusion they were a terrorist. In programming we use the duck metaphor - "if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it's probably a duck." What occurred was that a journalist who was interviewing these terrorists ended up on the kill list. In theory the human element was supposed to filter out such things - and I'm sure that's what the developers of the system intentioned. It's also clear the human operators were simply rubber stamping everything the system produced, and allowed a kill order on a journalist to go out. And if you're discussing evaluating types, then our duck solution is just fine. If you're discussing firing hellfire missiles at unarmed people, then we probably need to take a step back. Predictive algorithms and network analysis are naive - they're fine for recognizing pictures of dogs and cats, or pinging a friend when you upload a photo with their face. They're not sufficient to apply to policing or resourcing, especially since algorithms display the exact same bias as their input data. System designers, including myself, often expect human elements to act as reliably as algorithmic components. The truth is that humans are lazy, biased and easily prone to pavlovian conditioning (The system showed me a dialog, when I click OK the thing I want to happen happens.) The other truth is that frequently these systems, even if they are honest - they show likelihood percents, their flaws have been explained to their operators, they were made with the best available data - are too complicated for most people to grasp. Most folks can't schedule a meeting across five calendars without assistance or get email marketing correct. Do we really expect them to grasp the nuances of a statistical network analysis model and correctly interpret the results on a repeated basis? The solution is that we need to stop pretending an algorithm is a replacement for human decision making in these life or death cases. There are defenses against this, but they're not reasonably in grasp for most people. If I start having a police officer interrogate me about something outside of a traffic stop: 1. I know enough to stop answering questions 2. I have a lawyer I can call and ask to get involved Both 1 and 2 are, however, not choices for the vast majority of people. Your point here is correct. A very common tactic is for police to make a wrong claim - which is legal - such as "If you don't cooperate with me, I'm going to arrest you and charge you with X". The police are absolutely allowed to lie to you, including about the law. Likewise, they will use your reluctance to cause a fracas against you to extract easy answers. They may even, as you say above, move to detain you and bring you in. Again, actually having a lawyer here is what's important, and again, usually not something most people can afford. 1. Gun violence has been net decreasing (actually, all violence has been) 2. Immigration has slowed down, and immigrants have generally seen better outcomes not withstanding the current abuses by ICE 3. Race issues are worse this year than they have been, but exceptions occur. We as a country are at least in the beginning stages of a conversation about it, which has not and may not occur in other countries. 4. The National Debt is increasing, but budget deficits fell drastically under Obama. National debt does not necessarily grow at the same rate as GDP. You've bought into a lot of propaganda unfortunately. I really recommend you pull a Descartes and re-evaluate from ground zero. Not to say China isn't a rising power, but Democracy is not dead. I worked in DC while living in the suburbs of Maryland. The DC metro is far from perfect, but it's really not a terrible option. The bus system is also decent. Obviously a strong remote program is even better, but very unlikely for government work. Just start making the AI take forever on their turns until you give up. If I choke on food, that's sort of on me. If I die from a drunk driver rear-ending me at 6pm in the evening, well, that's not quite my fault now is it? The problem is that humans are de facto terrible at driving. Cellphones and other distractions, bad decision making, emotional clouding, etc. I've literally seen someone have to slam on their brakes and pull in the shoulder to avoid a rear end collision because they were tailgating and speeding... and then repeat the exact same mistake in less than five minutes. People are garbage at driving and when a mistake can cost not only your own life, but the lives of others, you don't have some intrinsic right to endanger me because you can't follow a posted speed limit or maintain a safe distance. I also notice that folks who think they're the best at driving are some of the worst. "I'm a good driver! I can talk on my cellphone and drive at the same time!" There's a difference between food good for survival and food that is good for you. You can buy modern high calorie food bars that will last ten years and contain 3000 cals in a tiny package, but they're mostly carbs. Again, great for survival but not something to live off of while on a fun trip in the backcountry. I usually pack precooked meats (frozen if needed), dried meats, firm biscuits or crackers, and some nuts and fruit. Granola and oats are good too of course. If you have conveyance (a canoe or kayak, an atv, etc) then you can afford to bring much less dense (and usually better tasting) food. There's a theater chain in my area that is always crowded and does really well: Alamo Drafthouse. Their pitch? Pretty much comes down to good service including food and cocktails, at low prices, and a no-noise policy. You buy a ticket ahead of time picking your exact seats. Tickets are about $11. The pre-show instead of being ads are usually short videos or clips from earlier movies. Food is around $12-16 an entree, alcoholic beverages are between $6 and $20 with most cocktails around $12. Oh, and if they see your phone or if you're talking during the movie, you get kicked out with the option to be banned. It's an amazing movie experience, and I regularly go at least once a month. Their food is genuinely good restaurant quality and their drinks are creative, often times with special cocktails or entrees to go along with big releases. It's obviously not an every day thing, but it's cheap enough to be a once a week kind of thing. We need more information about why you didn't like programming. Assuming that you need a job now as opposed to in four years, your best bet is likely something along the lines of technical sales or something else where you can use your work history to your benefit. This seems a trivial crime to commit. Use an unmonitored public computer to download your illegal imagery to a USB drive, write a little autorun script to copy it half-randomly around and change some names, and boom - done. Sure there's some chance of the employee being caught, but more than likely they won't be. Plus, why would your work colleagues report you (once, for $500) when they can make their own $500 repeatedly? Remember, and this is the important part - criminals are not typically longterm thinkers. They don't think about retirement, medical expenses, or even next week. They're simply interested in obtaining the thing they want today and believe, reasonably or not, that they can get away with it. I use pairing when introducing a peer to a new concept, a new library, or helping them get complicated stuff working. I think pairing works best when it has a very intentional purpose - "Together, we're going to get this service up and running locally so you can develop against it" kind of thing. I'll chime in as well. + Weightlifting at the gym. Met a lot of really nice people who I wouldn't normally talk to. Can be hard to make friends this way if you just go during the lunch rush, but try and go early on the weekends. + Martial arts. You tend to become good friends with people when you spar with them weekly. + Hiking. In the US, see if you have a local Sierra Club. The ultimate introvert activity. Baofengs are terrible but they're cheap and extremely accessible. Also they provide enough room for experimentation with antennas and basic theory. Not all equipment has to be the best equipment. Sometimes "OK" is enough. This article is quite incorrect. Some of these points were valid many versions ago (try/catch did have a cost with it several V8 majors ago, but that has since been resolved). And, again, for the last time, Node.js is not actually single threaded and may whatever deity help you if you choose to start additional threads without understanding how libuv works. This isn't java, the answer isn't to throw more threads at it. Honestly, it's this kind of stuff that really hinders javascript. So many people write "expert" articles that show fundamental misunderstandings about the core of JS (including setTimeout vs setImmediate!) Would it make sense to have retailers that cater to these heavy returners? Charge them a subscription and give them a monthly box they can return items in, allow partial refunds with a well described contract, and generally work with their use cases? "Steve needs your help in farmville!" Because I have lot more choice with my browser than I do with my ISP, and my browser isn't going to charge me a monthly service fee to disable it. It took me a few times of reading carefully to understand their intent. The wording itself is absolutely atrocious and far reaching in comparison. Honestly, just leave out the default config and have a ToS on the hosted server instance itself. Or just ask for a few donations to pay for direct costs and disable relaying. Because libuv (which Node uses for multi-tasking) depends on threads being yielded in order for multiple things to happen without blocking. This is way easier to think about and harder to screw up then traditional thread management with mutexes. If your api is not asynchronous, then any expensive call is going to lock the entire application which is bad and also why I won't be using this library despite the actual underlying implementation being much faster. This is both terrifying and normal. The bike lanes in my area are frequently used as turn lanes... by vehicles that don't fit in them - despite being clearly marked as bike lanes. Human drivers are terrible. Some DBMS' do require a limit... eventually. I think 256 is a reasonable bound, since that allows very generous pass phrases. And actually, the NIST password recommendations are very reasonable, at least currently. I realize now that the article I had read was for Oregon, and apparently this is very different depending on the state. What's more concerning is that my state (Texas) seems to have a lot of vagueness around the laws. Well, that's confusing to say the least. My wife had to deal with one of those, and it was abstractly written to the point of us paying a lawyer to read over it. The lawyer had her fill out quite an additional bit of disclosure about it and did not like that clause. At the time my wife really wanted the position, but I doubt she would bother going forward with such a contract. "Hi, would it be possible to remove clause X?" usually works for me. I've occasionally had to use the slightly stronger, "I'm sorry, but I actually can't sign this until clause X is removed." Don't go into reasons, or get into a philosophical debate about it. The only time I've given an explanation was for a volunteer gig where I refused to sign an NDA at all, and had to explain to the coordinator "We can either be employee and employer where you pay me a lot more money then you have, or we can be two buddies working on a thing for free. We can't be two buddies where one guy has a contract against everyone else." This is not a new idea. At no point previously in history has this worked out well. Companies like Facebook (and they aren't alone in this) love the idea of employees living around the company both literally and figuratively - spend 12 hours a day at the office and in return we'll give you free food and a gym and games. This is not a great future. Improve transportation and remote working opportunities so not everybody is trying to live in the same city. A company whose main business model is giving things out for free, to gather your data, which they then make billions of dollars selling to other businesses? And you think they're suddenly taking on the very complex and muddied problem of real estate because they have passionate feelings about the housing crises? I'm extremely skeptical of any stats around firearm counts, and ownership stats. Firearms aren't registered, which means the only data we have are the amount of background checks for buying them from a dealer (which goes through a department at the FBI called NICS). The issue is: + Those background checks are used for lots of things other than firearm purchases + Firearms can be transferred legally in some cases without background checks + Plenty of firearms existed before the background check system and are still owned and functioning + Many firearms are purchased, left to rust or otherwise break, and never repaired. + Firearms are occasionally turned in to the police or surrendered (usually when a family member passes and their relatives don't know what to do with the firearms). The other source of information is directly asking people, but that runs into a bunch of problems too, mostly that people will lie. I also don't think there's any kind of remotely common pattern that lets us correct this bad data from self reporting. Liberal gun owners are likely to lie about owning a firearm since they don't want their family to know, and conservative firearm owners are less likely to trust the person they're reporting to. Many firearm owners are taught to never ever talk about being a firearm owner to avoid being a target for burglary. My point is, we simply don't know at all. Any gross figure is extremely suspect. I'm in the same boat as you. I use a unique email alias for every single sign-up, so I know who sells my email address or sends me marketing cruft accidentally. I'm very aggressive in reporting bad actors to their mail provider if they don't honor or don't have unsubscribe links. But I think I'm the exception, not the rule, in this case. The vast, vast majority of spam that I get is from otherwise perfectly reasonable companies who don't understand the law. To that end, my steps are: 1. Try their unsubscribe, give them a few days for it to "take effect" (which is nonsense, but, so it goes) 2. Send a polite, but direct email to `postmaster@`, and usually cc `webmaster@` - it usually goes to somebody. 3. If none of the above works, pull the full email headers and `dig` around some to find their MX provider, and file a claim with `abuse@` on the provider. That being said, again usually it's an ignorance problem. I have a friend who helps run a company that does escape rooms, and I had only provided my email on a release form. However a few months later, I started getting marketing spam from them to that email - oops. A lot of small companies don't understand the regs around marketing emails and treat them the same as all other emails. > continuing to build a world where they are more and more necessary My grandmother can still, to this day, recount living in an apartment with no furniture except a mattress, with my grandfather who was employed as an engineer in New York. It took, by her estimate, about two years to have enough furniture before she was willing to invite over any sorts of company. Today you can furnish an apartment reasonably with about a months worth of wages. I know this because I helped take a friend who makes a bit over minimum wage to IKEA to get all their furniture for an apartment they moved into. The myth of decline is that - a myth. The economy is better then it has been in decades, violence is at an all time low, and jobs are widely available in many areas of the country. I have friends who complain about the economy "being destroyed", who max out credit cards to buy brand new cars and buy expensive home theaters. I have one friend who despite making six figures a year, took a predatory payday loan because she had spent her wages on expensive unused tools. That's not to blame "millennials" anymore than to blame any other generation. Bad financial choices have existed since the dawn of human history, but in many cases today they are choices, not pre-supposed economic outcomes. We can help correct that by teaching good finance skills (budgeting, doing things yourself instead of hiring people, focusing on cheaper hobbies, etc). Yes, and the consumer has the right to do whatever they want with the hardware and OSS components of Android. They don't have any right to use the Play Store or other Google specific components. You can sideload your own. FWIW, Google is allowing power-users a work around where you register the device to your own account, and then you can use their products. It seems as if they're targeting bootleggers who may be selling tampered products to non-savvy consumers, which isn't unreasonable imo. Android is an operating system that is open source. The Google Play Store is a proprietary software package that is released on some devices which use a proprietary licensed version of Android. Using the open source operating system known as Android does not entitle you magically to Google's other proprietary software. Google only gives the Play Store to some certified hardware handsets, that meet requirements they arbitrarily decide on. There was an issue with vendors, who were using open source Android (legally), sideloading the proprietary Google play store without permission (illegal) and then selling that to Consumers. Again, you can sideload your own different store that isn't Google Play. Your account isn't being banned or restricted - you can sign in on Google Play on a valid device that's allowed to have it - but this is Google's only recourse against manufacturers sideloading the Play store when they aren't allowed to. My grandmother couldn't afford a chair. Most people today have reasonably furnished apartments, smartphones, some kind of vaguely functional computer with (low speed) internet access, and probably a car. Food went from being very expensive (people actually died of starvation not that long ago!) to being so cheap that obesity is a major epidemic among the poor. Since 1940, the percent of the US with a high school degree went from What is your argument that the economy is in decline? That you don't magically get a two story house with a yard, a new car, and the ability to support a family of four? That has never once been the case in US history. It's a great myth in the past that the 1950s were somehow a magical time when everyone had a house and the income for a family, but it's that - a myth. > but everything else is more expensive Yes and no. One thing to keep in mind is inflation, so we always need to compare prices to average incomes. A house is listed as being However, things have genuinely gotten more expensive in some cases usually due not to the economy, but due to safety. That's a good thing - we no longer have asbestos and lead paint, cars are safer, and working fire alarms are a thing. However, those things do cost money. You can no longer buy an all metal box that goes 80mph without seatbelts or airbags. I find the car claim to be somewhat of a red herring. Yes, you need a car now whereas before a bicycle might of sufficed. However, a decent car can be had for two thousand dollars - not a pretty one, but a functional one. You might be able to go cheaper if you have any mechanical ability, but we'll assume the average person doesn't have that. In addition now of course you need drivers insurance, and you probably need to take a drivers ed course before getting your license. Those things do add cost, but they also save lives. Flashing your own rom onto a device invalidates the certification it has. You can restore it to default settings, or use the user bypass for it (which if you're flashing your own rom is trivial.) My grandfather retired at 67 due to failing health. He was primarily supported by his military pension, and to a smaller extent by a pension from working at a major grocery store. My grandmother only worked odd jobs, but collects a small amount of social security. She's still doing quite well and spends most of her time reading library books and painting (though notice both of those are extremely cheap hobbies). I'm a distinctly unfair comparison, since I could retire as early as 55 to 60 (I doubt I will, I do terribly when left without something to do, but who knows.) That being said, I recognize my situation is very unlike most of my peers. My cohort falls into three categories: + Those with high income and good financial management. Like me they are capable of retiring without any government assistance at 60ish in most situations. + Those with high income, but no financial management skills. Even now with no family to support and no "required" debts, they struggle to remain afloat. Simply throwing more money into the fire doesn't help it turns out. + Those with low income. Universally, and not for lack of intelligence, they have no 401k, no major longterm savings. If they retire it will be through programs such as Social Security (assuming it still exists). This is the group that worries me the most, because I don't have any answer for how to improve their situation. They're simply caught in the spiral of not having enough money to make progress on saving. Please don't take my argument as "Everything is perfect now!". Mostly my argument is, "Things aren't majorly worse and are generally better." Nor am I making the claim that the future will forever be better - Social Security might collapse, pension programs dry up, etc. We shouldn't stop assisting the poor, teaching financial literacy, or behaving intelligently. Simply that the average condition of people is better than it was. So anything which doesn't fit your prescribed narrative is bad journalism? That seems like you have a disagreement with external realities. I heard they make pills for that now. You don't get a free pass on hosting deceptive ads because your platform is automated. Just like you don't get a free pass on any other crime by automating it. Further, when it's clear your staff is very aware of the illegal practice and is encouraging it by taking meetings with the people committing the crime, that removes any defense that the behavior is incidental to legal behavior. But yes, clearly this is all just a character assassination planned by the lizard people. Definitely the only reason at play here. Car is likely to hit object. Car hits brakes. Not to say on a closed course you might not disable it, but fundamentally new self driving tech on open roads? Redundancy is an important part of reducing risk. 1. Find a real life non-work thing you care about. For instance, Dungeons & Dragons. Or alternatively, PTSD. It can be silly or serious, just has to be something you care about. 2. Find a way to apply programming to help. Make an open database of data from the game, or volunteer to make websites to connect those struggling with PTSD with support animals. 3. Start small and work up, but always build to finish. One of my greatest projects by stars is a tiny JSON file of the open spells from a game. Avoid being mired down in building "the perfect solution", because any solution is an improvement over no solution. "Perfect is the enemy of good." So is it OK for Russia to push Brexit? What about pushing for Ukraine to give up land to Russia? Obviously not. Foreign countries are always going to act in their own interest. They are not interested in the stability or longterm prosperity of other nations, usually quite the opposite. Those affected by foreign policy have other ways of exerting influence (tariffs, their own policies, immigration policies, etc) they don't get to alter my day to day life. Freedom of the press and Freedom of speech in the US is a critical and fundamental right - China doesn't get to throw money at shutting those down because they're inconvenient to Chinese policy. It's not authorized or unauthorized. We have laws that say somebody pushing political ads has to have their name associated with it so the target of that ad can decide the trustworthyness. Somebody who is conservative might distrust information paid for by the DNC and vice versa. When foreign actors are allowed to subvert that rule and are aided by an American company selling access to Americans, that's a problem. No other country would ever allow such a thing - can you imagine if the US started taking out political ads on Baidu against the current Chinese administration? > fluoride water So... tap water? Most countries add flouride to their tap water because it improves dental health. Unless you're a redneck screaming about alien mind control, that isn't some crazy scary chemical compound. > soy sauce with sodium beonzoate *Sodium Benzoate Again, perfectly boring salt that reduces pH. Not some scary mind control substance, just a salt you can produce at home. > sodium nitrate-laden Every preserved meat in the world. Also found naturally in Chile. > pesticide- and preservative-laden bread Pretty much been the case since humans found out about vinegar. I wouldn't call > yellow #5 You realize that was a myth that it would reduce your sperm count right? There is a segment of the population that has a sensitivity to it, but it's pretty small. > heats up frozen soup in a plastic bag Again, most plastics are rated for this. Also helps cut down on glass shards in your food, or badly sanitized cookware giving you the runs. I'm sorry, but your points here aren't some ultimate "gotcha", they're just anti-scientific scaremongering. I'd tell you to stock up on tinfoil for those hats, but I heard that causes alzheimer's. Producing movies that clearly list where and by whom they are made is not propaganda. That's just a movie. Most countries produce movies and sell them abroad. > How do you know which plastics This is regulated by the FDA. See [1] for a link to their hub which goes into far more detail. Obviously a restaurant can violate the regulation, just as they can slip glass shards into your food or not wear gloves. > Just because it's common or "natural" doesn't mean it's not bad for you You're correct in this regard at large, see Sharks, Lions and Bears. However nitrates (especially sodium nitrate, not to be confused with potassium nitrate) have been used for a very very very long time in human history for preserving meat. The guardian article is extremely disappointing in that it makes no reference to published material and seems to make several bad claims, including to the reference of salting meat as an "alternative". That being said like all chemicals too much of it will cause adverse side effects, and there are people with genuine reasons (migraines) who want to watch their consumption of it. > This sort of snark is really not welcome on HN I'm mostly surprised to see blatantly conspiracy theorist level "there's fluoride in the water man!" kind of nonsense here. It's one thing to discuss your favorite nitrate-free red wine or have a preference on bacon, it's another to suggest that flouridated tap water is a negative. There was recently a town near me, in Texas, that voted to de-flouridate their water supply. This kind of non-logical fear is backed by comments like this that suggest anything with a vaguely scientific name is bad for you or should be avoided. We have already seen this happen with vaccines and already kids have died from measles - MEASLES. A disease that should never pop up again in the industrialized world. We shouldn't be wasting resources to convince educated adults in a first world country to get their vaccines, we should be helping to bring life saving basic medicine to everyone. So yes, that was snarky and sharp. However I don't think it's okay to spew blatantly alarmist non-scientific nonsense and pretend it's "just an opinion". (And sorry for the rather long rant.) [1] - https://www.fda.gov/Food/IngredientsPackagingLabeling/Packag... Processed meat itself is basically a carcinogen according to the WHO: > Furthermore, processed meats can also contain other carcinogenic compounds such as PAHs which can be formed during smoking of meat (e.g. salami). Processed meats, particularly those containing red meat also contain heme iron, which can enhance the formation of carcinogenic compounds (NOCs) in the body. I'm not opposed to specific, verifiable claims - "Non-foodsafe plastics are likely to leech into food especially when heated", etc. I'm entirely opposed to vague claims - "plastics are in your food and killing you!" If you have a specific claim, then by all means make it. Don't make the claim "but nitrate laden meats!" because that is meaningless. Shame on that source for splitting up those two graphs and giving them different axes. Furthermore it doesn't give us the actual incidence rate of cavities between the two groups numerically, or account for differences in dental care. But yes, unsurprisingly, dental care has improved since 1975. I would be horrified if that were not the case. Let's follow that link at the bottom of the story, the one that lists "Letters in response". > On behalf of the American Dental Association and its 159,000 member dentists, I am writing to express sincere concern over the article entitled, “Is fluoridated water safe,” by Nicole Davis that appears in Harvard Public Health, Spring 2016. The article overlooks critical facts about community water fluoridation that must be shared with your esteemed readers and the public at large. https://cdn1.sph.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/201... > I am writing to express concern that Harvard Public Health would publish an article titled “Is Fluoridated Drinking Water Safe?” in the Spring 2016 issue and to share the reasons why the American Academy of Pediatrics stands behind the safety and effectiveness of community water fluoridation https://cdn1.sph.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/201... I'm going to stop there, despite there being MANY more letters. Flouride in water is safe. That doesn't mean we can't still research it, ask specific questions and continue being informed, but if you are petitioning to remove flouride from water currently, you are acting irrationally and with no scientific basis whatsoever. I strongly suspect they are aiming to sell sometime soon. The new rules, the new redesign, the attempt to facebook-ify the site. I've used Sails, and man, it was painful. When they say "Rails-like" they mean they somehow managed to adopt the worst patterns from early versions of Rails and none of the cleverness of later versions. If bloat was a contest, Sails would be a winner. Mailchimp actually states that list buying is a no go on their platform. They also have a very nice unsubscribe system that they honor - even if the downstream customer doesn't want to. I'm sorry you've had issues with them. I hope you got a bad rep and they haven't become evil. When I used to do business with them I genuinely felt they wanted to do the right thing. United States here. I've worked at two companies that had this kind of unlimited policy. The first one not only did I end up taking less vacation then I would of, I actually had my manager get mad at me for using more than two weeks of leave. I no longer work at said place for a myriad of reasons. The current one is pretty good. I definitely need to be proactive about it, but I've never been denied or guilted. Last year I used a bit over 3 weeks (so about normal for my field), but this year I'm planning to use a bit more because I have a few different places I'd like to visit. It definitely took me some mental effort to get past my natural tendency to avoid taking off. So human drivers are terrible at driving for any long period of time, especially on relatively consistent "boring" highways. Guess what computers excel at? Driving consistently on consistent highways. The Tesla Autopilot is supposed to be the always aware and paying attention portion on these cases where a human driver would be very likely to start texting or dozing off. Now, it's not fully autonomous and may well decide it can't handle a situation (or apparently try to drive you into a barrier to see if you're still awake...). In this case the human driver who is somewhat zoned out needs to take control instantly and correct the situation, until they can safely re-engage autopilot (or pull over and make sure they're still alive, etc). Biometrics are terrible, especially if they ever become compromised. You can change a pin code or a password much more easily than you can change your eyeball or fingerprint. Or you just build your permissions and opt-in platform as a base for the social app. We wouldn't let a self driving startup ignore traffic laws because it's "too hard". Likewise we shouldn't let a social startup ignore privacy laws and auditing. Usually you'd save the users opt in time, and tie it back to their user account. You would need to make sure the opt in clearly explains what it's for. You would also save the context of the opt in - was it during account registration, when they visited a blog post, etc. Obviously make sure to otherwise comply with the GDPR as you do this. Going to reprint here for those that are shy about visiting the facebook.com domain: Effective Date: May 25, 2018. To view the current Custom Audience Terms, click here Custom Audiences Terms Facebook’s custom audiences feature enables you to create an audience using your data such as email addresses and phone numbers. When using Facebook’s custom audiences feature, your data is locally hashed on your system before you upload and pass such data to Facebook to be used to create your custom audience (the “Hashed Data”). Without limiting any agreement between you and Facebook, by clicking “I accept,” passing to Facebook the Hashed Data, or using custom audiences or advertising, you agree to the following: You represent and warrant, without limiting anything in these terms, that you have all necessary rights and permissions and a lawful basis to disclose and use the Hashed Data in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and industry guidelines. If you are using a Facebook identifier to create a custom audience, you must have obtained the identifier directly from the data subject in compliance with these terms. If you are providing Hashed Data on behalf of an advertiser, you must upload the Hashed Data directly into the advertiser’s advertising accounts. You agree to use only that advertiser’s own data to create custom audiences and not to augment or supplement the data with other data except as expressly authorized by Facebook. You represent and warrant that you have the authority as agent to the advertiser to disclose and use such data on their behalf and will bind the advertiser to these terms. You represent and warrant that the Hashed Data does not relate to data about any individual who has exercised an option that you have, directly or indirectly, committed to honoring or provided to opt out of having that data disclosed and used by you or on your behalf for targeted advertising. To the extent an individual exercises such an opt-out after you have used data relating to that individual to create a custom audience, you will remove that data subject from the custom audience. You instruct Facebook to use the Hashed Data for the matching process. Facebook will not share the Hashed Data with third parties or other advertisers and will delete the Hashed Data promptly after the match process is complete. Facebook will maintain the confidentiality and security of the Hashed Data and the collection of Facebook User IDs that comprise the custom audience(s) created from your Hashed Data (“your custom audience(s)”), including by maintaining technical and physical safeguards that are designed to (a) protect the security and integrity of data while it is within Facebook's systems and (b) guard against the accidental or unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of data within Facebook's systems. Facebook will not give access to or information about the custom audience(s) to third parties or other advertisers, use your custom audience(s) to append to the information we have about our users or build interest-based profiles, or use your custom audience(s) except to provide services to you, unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law. Facebook may modify, suspend or terminate access to, or discontinue the availability of, the custom audiences feature at any time. You may discontinue your use of the custom audiences feature at any time. You may delete your custom audience(s) from the Facebook system at any time through your account tools. You may not use the custom audiences feature unless you are an advertiser (or an agency acting on behalf of an advertiser), Ads API or Custom Audiences API partner, a data partner uploading an advertiser’s audience on behalf of that advertiser, or have obtained express, written permission from Facebook. You may not sell or transfer custom audiences, or authorize any third party to sell or transfer custom audiences. A note to EU and Swiss data controllers: To the extent the Hashed Data contains personal data relating to an individual who resides in the European Union or Switzerland, the parties acknowledge and agree that for purposes of creating the custom audiences, as described above, that you are the data controller in respect of such personal data, and you have instructed Facebook Ireland Limited to process such personal data on your behalf as your data processor pursuant to these terms and Facebook’s Data Processing Terms, which are incorporated herein by reference. You hereby acknowledge and agree that Facebook, Inc. may act as a sub-processor for and on behalf of Facebook Ireland Limited for the purpose of fulfilling Facebook Ireland Limited’s obligations under these Custom Audiences Terms. “Personal data,” “data controller,” and “data processor” in this paragraph have the meanings set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679). These Custom Audiences Terms and, to the extent applicable, the Data Processing Terms, govern the provision by you of Hashed Data to us and your use of the custom audiences feature, and your use of custom audiences for advertising. They do not replace any terms applicable to your purchase of advertising inventory from Facebook (including but not limited to the Facebook Advertising Guidelines at https://www.facebook.com/ad_guidelines.php), and such terms will continue to apply to your ad campaigns targeted to your custom audience. The custom audiences feature is part of “Facebook” under Facebook’s Terms of Service (https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms, the “Terms”), and your use of the custom audiences feature (including your use of data) is deemed part of your use of, and actions on, “Facebook.” In the event of any express conflict between these Custom Audiences Terms and the Terms, these Custom Audiences Terms will govern solely with respect to your use of the custom audiences feature and solely to the extent of the conflict. Facebook reserves the right to monitor or audit your compliance with these terms and to update these terms from time to time. Last Modified April 4, 2018 I'm never sure the best way to format this stuff on HN. Most other sites allow you to "quote" content using the > character, but HN doesn't seem to have support for that at all. We had a restaurant near us that ran as a co-op. The food was good, the service was OK (it was very self-serve, which was fine, but it was communicated poorly...), but they repeatedly could not stay afloat or manage a budget over a long time period. That's obviously just an anecdotal example, but I don't know of any co-ops aside from REI that seem to really stick around and do well longterm. Twitter is probably a better indicator if there are AWS problems than their dashboard unfortunately... Have you ever tried to ship 100 books? Last time I tried to ship 2 cookbooks across the US it was nearly $30 for just shipping. I would much rather ship a laptop and a power solution. Not to mention the storage and care of 100 books in less-than-ideal housing where moisture and rodents are very real problems. Plus the actual volume of 100 some books. Compared to a laptop, that can sit in your bag, and also serve as a light source. It doesn't need to be a good laptop, it just has to be a laptop. There were still french farmers using text only BBS like terminals a decade ago, quite happily. But, you're going from maybe 10k * X requests a day, to several million. Any system is vulnerable in that kind of very aggressive scaling situation - see every single game launch with a multiplayer component since the dawn of time. Obviously you can scale systems ahead of time if you know, but you still run into issues because you probably haven't scaled the entire system and don't know the likely bottlenecks since it's hard to generate that kind of traffic in a QA environment. Think of the scale of facebook, and then realize most of their payloads are If you want to escape infantilisation, you need to in many ways escape consumerism and go back to the days of just whipping up your own beard oils. I'm going to have to dredge it back up, but I was just reading a rather alarming tale from a medical assistant. She had a child come into her practice, saw obvious signs of abuse, and filed a supposedly anonymous report - as she's legally mandated to do. The abuser of the child, a parent, apparently harassed the agency that received and forwarded the report until they gave up that "a medical practitioner had filed the report", which narrowed it down to a single practice. At which point then the abuser was able to call the practice, get a record of who had seen the child, and even get their work schedule. Even tiny leaks are a major problem in these cases. A minimum wage of $7/hr in the Bay Area or NYC is useless. That won't cover transportation. $14/hr is still, basically, the same amount of more or less useless. In, to quote Ken White, "pluck-my-banjo" Texas, that's a perfectly fine and livable sum. A dollar or two raise and you can probably start saving up for a house realistically. $14/hr is kingly. Amazon warehouses are usually not in banjo-playing rural areas, but rather as close to major towns as is economically feasible for Amazon's rent bill. This is neither a basic income nor a federal minimum wage problem. This is a lack of competing opportunities for minimally skilled workers problem. If these same workers had realistic job opportunities that paid well, then Amazon would have to raise wages (and pass some of that onto the consumers, but, that's relatively nothing). I'm a high paid software engineer. I also had amazing computer teachers and remember writing BASIC programs to play MIDI in elementary. I also have the advantage of living in the city, being a white male, and being young and social. Being a software engineer requires a particular mindset, a lot of time and exposure, and people willing to support that. I was lucky enough to have all of the above, but most folks do not. I'm in the midst of helping a friend who is currently a welder move into software engineering. He's extremely intelligent and has the brain for it, but it's also taken literal years, finding him a capable dev machine (a used macbook air, donated from another engineer), tutoring him (me and another engineer, going on for two years now), and now he's going to a bootcamp (which cost thousands of dollars he didn't have in his pocket). He is still going to have to find an actual job and make the move from bootcamp to real life. That's another involved process that will require multiple people helping him. And again, this is a young white male who has a very high aptitude for this. It's a bit more work than "just invest in yourself!". The average computer user has difficulty searching their own email or resetting a password. Even those with natural aptitude require help - and not a trivial amount either. That's about $30k a year. That's comfortable in areas within an hour or two of my town. I made that amount when I was in college, in the DC area, and most certainly survived just fine. Had I lived more rural in an area where entry level homes are And the banjo-playing is mostly a joke, especially in Texas. That being said, as an avid hiker, I spend a significant chunk of my time in places best labeled as "Nowhere, really". I understand that's a problem, but if I have an entire github of highly starred and heavily developed projects with reasonable commit histories... don't make me do your do damned homework or implement a toy BST. I have better things to do with my personal time than toy problems because you can't be bothered to open my github. The worst part is that usually these toy problems are justified with "but you can post this to your Github for others to see!" And that is entirely fine. I'm all for group white boarding exercises, or pair programming. I think there's a lot of value to be had in making sure the other person can communicate in a technical setting effectively, and explain why they make choices. Likewise, if someone wants me to walk them through a project I have with explanations of what choices I made and why, I'm happy to do that. But please don't waste my time asking me to implement DFS, or write another twitter API client. I think having written short sighted things and then regretting them is a somewhat universal thing. I also don't have a problem with either side using previous writings, as long as they are reproduced accurately and faithfully. In short, before you publish a blog post that is sexist/racist/homophobic/whatever, consider that even if you delete it, others may have a copy and will use it against you. I'm not an older programmer, I'm in fact a pretty young programmer, but I want the same things: + A company that gives me a good work/life balance + Regular WFH or preferably be fully remote + Interesting tasks, in a relatively stable environment Most of my peers seem to want the same thing as well. While I've done the crazy workweek startup thing before, it burns you out and it's simply not sustainable. I don't have a single peer who still works in startup land. "I just feel it's ok to have variables named after single letters." I've actually had this argument with someone who was attempting to force the use of a framework because "I just feel it's easier." As a good faith speaker, I agree with you. A native speaker should be self aware enough to not confuse an unsupported opinion with a "feeling", nor should we dismiss feelings. However, frequently, feelings are used as a poor substitute for rationality. Therefore I reject the argument that feelings can't be debated or argued. Same lunch box as someone else. In an office of 7 people, I had the same lunch box as two coworkers. Have someone else make your lunch or bring a generic enough item and it could happen. Honest mixups happen and when they are followed up with an apology then it's fine. Let common sense prevail. Pandoc ultimately either has to move the html through another markup format such as laTeX or uses a plugin that attempts to convert html4 to pdf code. This uses a full browser rendering engine that supports modern html5/css3/js by ultimately running a headless browser. I suspect pandoc is still a great approach for a lot of cases. Running a headless browser isn't cheap, especially at scale. If your output is a simple book or an invoice, pandoc is probably the way to go. If you want to pdf websites or dump an html file with charts into a pdf, use this. > because lazy web developers did not implement it right No, because the legislators fundamentally misunderstood cookies. Almost any website needs to have some basic tracking of users for fraud detection, bot detection, and yes, basic analytics. Instead of writing out a thoughtful approach, we get a mandatory nag screen right up there with "This product is known to cause cancer in the state of California" on anything sold ever. Users ignore them because the information isn't useful - infinite noise, no signal. This is the opposite of the CAN SPAM law which did have thoughtful requirements - allowing exceptions for account related emails, requiring one-click unsubscribe but also giving systems a period to obey that to handle mail already in transit. GDPR has so far been grossly in the cookie nag screen category, except instead of a tiny bar on visiting a page I get a multi-select based dialog of doom. The answer most companies are going to take is simply not market services to folks in the EU, and those that do will implement annoying nag screens. More rules blindly applied rarely solves problems. Except every single website just has a banner anyways because it's easier to cover your back then get legal involved every time you tweak something. So it has no meaning at all, in any way, except it's very confusing to some users. The average computer user has difficulty searching their email or scheduling a meeting. You expect them to complete a nag screen about how their personal information is going to be used, with sliders for opt-in versus opt-out, every time they visit a new website? Like the cookie nag, users are going to blindly click through until the confusing nag screen goes away and then be upset that it wasted their time. It's great for watching movies on an airplane. None of the games have done anything for me, but the movies are cool. The goal of many modern martial arts is to bring the discipline and training to a civilian population. These are fighting techniques that were made more kind, then taught to the population as a mix of exercise, discipline and training. Not all martial arts follow this, but many do. The goal isn't to teach you how to win a street fight (take krav maga if you want to learn that), but to keep you active and help instill discipline through a fighting art. A good test is this - if there are competitions, it's probably a civilian-ized fighting form. If you used serious fighting moves on someone in a competition, it would be unsafe and you would hurt your partner. > But many "self-defence" situations in the real world rely much more on your approach and behavior. Correct. Self defense should more or less follow this pattern: 1. Situation Awareness (being aware of danger) 2. Avoid (leaving before trouble occurs) 3. De-escalate (using words) 4. Evade (run) 5. Force This is a pretty par-for-course academic paper written on the philosophy of Aesthetics. The writer is using themselves as a subject via introspection, which is perfectly allowed, and attempting to highlight the aesthetic comparison between three of their favorite hobbies. This isn't supposed to be a hard sciences paper. Aesthetics can, validly, be introspected on a personal level. If reading the paper makes you feel insecure, then you should probably engage in some self-introspection as well. > that the entire paper was incredibly pretentious Is it pretentious in it's writing style or it's topic? Writing style wise it's a perfectly par-for-the-course humanities paper. It's not a blog entry, nor a letter to a friend. It's a formal academic humanities paper. Topic wise, it's discussing aesthetics. There are plenty of places for criticizing the authors aesthetic arguments (in a formal manner), but in terms of writing about the topics and their relation to aesthetics the author does a perfectly fine job touching on the usual points. So I'm confused as to how the paper could be pretentious. He isn't making the claim that the only way to achieve aesthetic pleasure is to partake in his particular hobbies, or to argue for some idealized version of these hobbies. He's not glorifying programming, jazz or martial arts as being anything other than rule based frameworks with room for exceptions and growth. He isn't making strong exclusionary arguments in regards to other languages. Nor does he make any claim that he is special, or that his introspection is special or unique. So if reading a perfectly standard academic humanities paper leads you to think it's incredibly pretentious, then that says something of the beholder. > when the hell do you expect to be making your friends over 30, during your 8-hours asleep? You neglect the other 8 hours in a day, and you aren't alone in that. I have a ton of coworkers who do their 8, go home and watch tv and have a beer, then go to bed. Meanwhile I'm going on short hikes, taking classes or hitting the gym, or going to shows and meeting new people. With kids, the equation is obviously different (at least the eight hours of sleep portion) but you can take the little one to the park, to play dates with other kids, and occasionally non-kid focused events (the last beer fest I went to seemed to have several kids running about). At the end of the day you have to prioritize how to spend your time and use it fully. It is harder then just watching tv and having a beer, but much more rewarding. Take classes, volunteer, be social. Your time is limited, always use it well. This model already exists with those damned "click here to continue reading buttons". Just charge me a few pennies when I click that button and we're good. Give me a little browser based wallet that I can re-up with my "news" budget on a regular basis and I'm a happy paying customer. Charge me $30/month to read your site at all (bloomberg) and you're never making a cent off of me again. UI is everything. My purchase of The amount of money I spend with Amazon's one-swipe checkout is obnoxious. Ask me to give you my full address twice and manually enter a credit card, even if you have an item I really want? Nope, probably not doing it. In general, stamina (social, mental and physical) is like a muscle. The more you train it, the better shape it gets in and the more work it can do before it's exhausted. Start with something small like reading a book in a coffee shop after work, or meeting a friend for dinner and a beer. Slowly do more over time. Just like you wouldn't go to a gym and deadlift 300lbs cold, you're not going to get off work and run a social club in your free time - but if you put in the consistent work, you can absolutely get there. To continue using the gym metaphor - there's often times an initial hurdle, but once you're actually socializing and out there, you have a good time and you feel good afterwards. Once upon a time, builds used to be very expensive and take forever. Entire development teams shared a single single-pipe build server, and builds could not even be built locally first. We're (mostly) past those times now, but "breaking the build" is still in the mind of many devs as a negative behavior. Kubernetes does suffer from complexity right now, but that also gives it it's flexibility. I think turnkey kubernetes solutions like Rancher will dominate for a lot of use cases, especially for individual devs and small teams that can't have a dedicated DevOps resource to manage kubernetes. I prefer to think of the term as "sensible default". A "best practice" is usually not the worst default to have, and if you don't have the time or bandwidth to dive into a problem and just want to pick a solution from a hat, you could do a lot worse. The danger comes in that when you want to supplant the best practice with a new practice, you have to genuinely understand the problem in your context, and be able to articulate a full explanation about why the new practice has an advantage. But there is definitely cargo culting around best practices - see using Redux. Core features of your app shouldn't be left to just acceptable defaults, but instead you should grapple with those problems and choose the best possible answer you can at the time. It's no worse than them breaking into a password manager, and is quite a bit better since they now have to deal with full on private keys. Most passwords are vulnerable because they are easily guessed, not because somebody breaks your encrypted password store. I can imagine a lot of cases in the future where this goes awry and is abused, probably not directly by Google Duplex, but by homemade versions. I think there should be a kind of non-jarring way for AIs to identify themselves - maybe playing three quick tones before the AI speaks - to identify that it isn't a human on the other hand and therefore shouldn't be able to say, order thousands of dollars of food. This is quick, unobtrusive, easy for an AI to do, and easy for an AI to detect. I've worked fully remote before and I loved it. I got tons of work done, had time and energy for doing stuff after work, and generally flourished. I'm in an office for a few days a week now with a new company, and I genuinely struggle to get work done on those days. I'm interrupted frequently, office mates love having very loud conversations by my desk, and I can't even fix healthy food on demand and instead drag in a lunch box like a child. But, and here is the important bit, that's my experience. I have coworkers for whom the inverse is true, who would hate being remote at all, and see the office as the only space they can be productive in. Just like shoes come in different sizes, so too do office working styles. My overwhelming complaint is that I have to fight tooth and nail to work from home, and I usually get the complaint "Well I don't like working from home, so you shouldn't do it either". It's like I'm trying to justify being left handed. It's ridiculous. What works for me works for me, and I have direct stats that prove that on every basis (benefit of being a dev, work can be measured). Everybody and their cousin can write basic javascript, especially for these kinds of pretty easy cases. If you know python and had never written JS before, you could probably still play this with a bit of trial and error. cert-manager is marked as alpha/non-production currently. Event sourcing and CQRS as a whole leads to horrific complexity quickly, especially if you violate certain constraints. How do you synchronize multiple events? How do you handle partial system outages? What is the retry strategy for failed events and how do we handle inconsistent data? Then comes the fact that you've more then doubled your data size since you need your source of truth and a copy on each read view - that gets expensive quickly. I agree with Fowler - CQRS/ES is probably too complicated and you should avoid it unless you have a well described bounded domain that fits the model. If you can do those things, you don't need cqrs to begin with. Our main bus for microservices is a RabbitMQ cluster. Most services have their own isolated write store and read store (which might be a true read store, or just a db replica). Long running jobs are a rarity, so we usually spin up a new RabbitMQ cluster and services, but tie those services back to the main write/read stores. This allows regular operations to still occur, but we can monitor the bulk process and commit resources to it in a more isolated fashion. Errors end up in error queues in Rabbit, and can be dumped back in to be reprocessed if appropriate (or just ignored if it's a side effect we don't care about). Once it's setup and running, it works well enough. Spinning up a new rabbit cluster and service instances is currently manual, but since we've moved to Kubernetes I'm hoping this can be automated almost entirely. How did you get started doing volunteer book reviews? > I only just skimmmed the article Great start > Do you know how you feel now? I bet until I asked you, you didn't So emotions only exist when they're put into words? Or only emotions that can be described have value? Emotions are complicated, influenced by many factors, and exist as a composite of conscious and unconscious factors. To think that you can easily monitor emotions in a meaningful way, chart that to be useful data, and alter processes to "improve" emotional scores (whatever that means exactly) is foolhardy indeed. Emotions exist when they aren't measured. Measuring emotions is hard, even if we directly ask a truthful person, we only get part of the story. Your manager isn't a therapist, nor should they be. Kids take cues from those around them not just verbally, but emotionally and actively. If your friend stayed married and responds to being mistreated passively, that isn't enough (for him or the kids). Not giving a fuck isn't the same as apathy. Today I spent an hour waiting for some poor chap to repin a simple lock at the hardware store - I didn't give a fuck that he was a bit clueless and flying by the seat of his pants - but if someone scammed me tomorrow I would absolutely jump into action. There are things that don't matter (someone a bit clueless working earnestly) and things that do (scammers, violence, etc). The goal is to differentiate and respond appropriately. > i don't understand all this animosity toward PHP Most PHP code is terrible . That's not really PHPs fault - it's capable of producing very nice programs with beautiful behavior. As a language, it suffers a bit from being older and it was internally very inconsistent for a long time. For a long while, it's package management and practices were way behind the curve. Many people who program in PHP learned it as a first language, hacked together programs in it, and probably used hack together libraries and tooling. PHP can be used with grace, but most people don't have that experience with it. > Standard disclaimer: When reading software design advice, always imagine the examples given are 10x longer. Overengineering is bad. But, if you’re not sure whether applying a technique to your code would be overengineering, error on the side of doing it. Abstract early. Please, please, please absolutely disregard this advice. More errors, pain and suffering come from early abstraction and poor understanding then not enough abstraction. Build simple, extend as needed. It's a 'frggin stats page where a developer forgot to remove a call. It could of been written much cleaner initially, but breaking it into a bunch of classes at the initial stage is fruitless abstraction. Versions, timestamps and unique IDs are definitely base design requirements on anything. Judging from the CloudFlare 502s, you have successfully been HN'd. Might be time to add in a static cache in front of the site. Blocks out other distracting sounds. Helps kids, animals and some people relax. Helps some people sleep. If I'm home and don't have my phone (or have my hands full, or it's dark, or whatever) I can easily turn lights on or off and without fumbling around for switches or trying to juggle a cat or a child. I can also control my tv, thermostat, get a news briefing, check my calendar and set reminders. Yes, it's ultimately a convenience, but so is indoor plumbing and store bought bread. For some products this makes sense, because Edge has made some questionable choices to either not support some standards, or have their own flavor of them (see WebRTC). No offense, but I won't support Edge on some stuff I build because very few people use it, and it's too much of a snowflake in some areas. Note that this doesn't apply to general apps and sites, which should work with Edge more or less out of the box. I'm speaking specifically to cases where the Edge team has decided to ignore a standard and choose their business priorities over consistency. You seem to be intentionally missing the point. Change my earlier examples to remote controls for your TV if you prefer. Convenience does, absolutely, have strong value and can be meaningful improvement to one's life. Generalized voice control is a major and meaningful convenience - even if it's currently early and might have some problems - because it drastically changes how we can interact with our environments. Sure, we can short sell the case as "not needing to walk to a light switch", but even then if it's dark, my arms are full, and the path to the switch is littered with children's toys then that's a meaningful improvement to be able to say "Hey google, turn on the living room light". Consider cases of people with severe MS or who otherwise can't easily walk. Sure, they could hook up a remote control and keep it near them, or get one of those stupid clapper things, but even then that only works for the lights. A generalized voice assistant gives me control over my house, from anywhere my voice can be heard, and not only executes my actions, but can give me realtime feedback and data. Best of all, this requires no special skills on my part, just a willingness to talk to the damned thing loudly and clearly with simple words. Can it act as a wire tap? Of course it can. My store bought bread can also be contaminated (right now in my area there is a huge contamination issue with eggs and lettuce), my indoor plumbing can burst and flood my house, so on. It's a new technology, it has kinks and flaws, and we're currently in the early adopter curve of it moving towards the initial disappointment trend. I still see it as an option in some places, but I don't ever see it used. It had a lot of promise, but very poor actual implementation. I'd still like to see a generalized, cross-platform replacement for SMB/NFS/CIFS. Really disappointed in NPM lately. These past few months have been downright silly. How many major problems like this affect other package managers? > I’d add that GDPR explicitly forbids just the kind of “press yes to forfeit all of your rights” crap we’ve seen before. I realize that some sites are still trying to get away with it, it it’s non-compliant. I have yet to see a non-terrible GDPR screen, and I'm an American. Every single one so far has been either a giant box of doom, or a giant modal of doom with a dozen checkboxes and a freakin' contract on it. Nope, don't care, I just want to read the one paragraph of your blog - that's it. Cartels use violence to gain profit. Homeowners invest their own money, at significant interest rates, to obtain a place to live. They do of course have an interest in protecting that investment - with increased density comes increased crime, stressed parking, and other problems. To call homeowners a "cartel" as if they're extorting their local community for protection money is inherently misleading. Accusing me of dog whistling seems to be an extremely bad faith interpretation of anything I said. There is absolutely a well supported, highly researched and discussed relationship between density and increased crime rates and that you simply dismissed my point reeks of preconceived notions that you aren't attempting to actually grapple with. http://theipti.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/covariance.pdf http://newsinfo.iu.edu/news/page/normal/13030.html (non-primary) So I should be able to build a fracking site next to your apartment building then, since it's "land I own". There's nothing wrong with offering a public API. There's everything wrong with offering a secret, non-public API where you give a third party I didn't consent to full access to all of my data. See how that's a bit different? One of them is offering public information (say, stock quotes), publicly. One of them is offering private information (my sexual orientation and date of birth) to tons of third parties I didn't consent to having that information shared with. If Samsung secretly runs a keylogger on all their phones and then steals your data that way, that's a Samsung problem and you should be angry. That is not what happened here. Facebook officially blessed other platforms, allowed them to say you were signing into Facebook, and then allowed those platforms to have access not only to your data, but your friends exhaustive data. Facebook was aware of this, explicitly allowed this, and their only safeguard was vaguely worded policies with their partners. Even if the partners haven't stolen any data or broken their policies, Facebook intentionally and knowingly gave my data to a third party without my consent. Presumably now all 66 of these device partners have my full data, and I did not sign in on their device or otherwise authorize it. It's interesting because your view of the law is very optimistic, and you assume law is deterministic. The truth is that fundamentally law is not deterministic. You can't deterministically apply the reasonable person standard, or even the layman standard. How do you handle the expanse of human nature, and it's intricacies and vagaries? Law can't be perfectly deterministic because life is not deterministic given the constraint of free will. Trying to make an idealized code without human judgement (and yes, that exposes human bias as well) results in the worst kind of law - an autocracy. Law is fuzzy logic that takes in wide band information in a contextual way. AIs are terrible at that, at least as we have them now. > I'm betting in 5 years we'll see lawyers use AI to help them do their job, specifically to help them create logical arguments for their cases. So, actually, Lawyers are using AI right now - but not in that way. Specifically AI is used to analyze and bring up relevant case law, in the same way a law clerk might. It's not perfect, it still requires humans to clean up, but it saves some hours since it can analyze a lot of law quickly and vaguely run a likelihood analysis. Law is also in English. English is not formally logical. Frequently laws have subtle wording problems. All of us have those kinds of problems. I've been laid off, paid a tremendous amount of cash for dental work (growing up with poor dental health sucks), and have no meaningful help from relatives (quite the opposite, they're a regular financial drain because they need constant help.) I remember being so poor growing up that I used my first paycheck to buy a loaf of bread and a tube of cheap sausage and it was the first time having anything approaching a real meal in a few days. Costs happen. Kids get sick/injured, cars get damaged or break down, taxes only ever increase. I save aggressively, consistently live below my means (not miserly, but frugally), do all of the home maintenance and car work I can do safely and legally, and cook almost all of my meals at home from relatively basic ingredients. And you know what? I have a pretty damned good life. I had to move across the US to a place with a lower cost of living and better job opportunities. My wife had to switch careers. I had to work several years at crappy jobs. When you buy a thing, evaluate it's lifetime cost. When something breaks, fix it quickly and correctly. Avoid unnecessary costs. Prefer mending to replacing. Save for the unexpected, and then save some more. When dealing in dangerous waters (legal troubles, real estate, complex investments or financials), hire a skilled expert, even if it means lowering your quality of life. Keep enough insurance, and do the work to get multiple quotes or bids for any kind of job. I was also alive in the 90s, and can confirm it did. It, in fact, still happens today in places where permit laws are not required or not enforced. I'm taking your question to mean "how do they deal with the normal non-formal anxieties everyone has". I'm theorizing here, I'm nowhere near a billionaire, but I've known some fairly wealthy people (though wealthy with a M, not a B). + Diverse investments Instead of keeping all their eggs in one basket, they tend to be invested heavily across multiple spectrums. Oil and gas, health insurance marketplaces, real estate, etc. Even if one facet of their portfolio crashed, they wouldn't be screwed. Many of them will even make well known subpar choices to add some "insurance", like keeping a safe full of metal silver and gold bars, or even investing in a well supplied safe room. It's not that they're expecting to use those things or make a profit from holding rare metals, but to them $20k is nothing to invest in a "just in case" fashion. + Multiple experts You or me might have one doctor, they might have three or four they get opinions from. Likewise for accountants or lawyers. This gives them flexibility, better chances for good outcomes, and less likelihood of a single person being able to screw them over. + Outsourcing to experts Most of us probably only go to a doctor or a lawyer when things get way out of our depth. Likewise for an electrician. Someone who is wealthy can afford to apply experts to every problem they have. Instead of only going to a lawyer when they really think things have gone wrong, every single contract can be reviewed by an expert. + Concierge services for when things go wrong Ever have a flight get massively delayed or end up in the wrong city? For most of us, it sucks and we scramble to deal with it. The wealthy can afford custom concierge and assistants who can fix things in a single call. Flight stopped in the wrong city on your way to your exotic adventure? No problem, one call and you'll have train tickets and a cab booked so you don't miss anything. This applies beyond travel. Health crises in a foreign country? Call the hotline and have a doctor show up at your hotel instantly. Lost in the mountains while hiking? Pick up the sat phone and have a rescue team scramble to your location. + Amazing amounts of connections When we go to a museum and there's a crazy line, we have the choice of waiting or walking away. Someone who is wealthy and a savvy donor can call and arrange a private tour instead. Likewise for getting into sold out shows, better seats at plays, or even booking tables at restaurants. For someone massively wealthy, donating a few thousand a year to local art institutes not only looks good and has tax benefits, but costs relatively nothing and comes with amazing benefits. Likewise, they get to mingle with actors, celebrities, important leaders, etc. Suddenly the rolodex goes from a few well known friends to an impressive array of people with amazing amounts of power. They have other challenges. A large one is the amount of work that goes into managing that kind of money - usually at any given time there are several real estate transactions going on, stocks moving, social events that are borderline mandatory from a politics side of things, etc. There's a big concern that your money might be used illicitly or illegally, or even if you try to give it to a good cause, that it may be squandered. You also have to worry about nutjobs who find out you have money - this leads to security, both guards and changes in how you live your life. If you have kids, their lives are probably very sheltered since kidnapping is a very real and very serious threat. Likewise for close family members. The value of money is always a diminishing return, and eventually it can become a liability. Can't collect tax income until people live there. Can't build fire stations or bus lines where there's no room. We've had this problem with developers as well - they want to build mega high-rise apartments with no parking whatsoever and force the city to deal with it, despite the city struggling to fill current transportation demand. From the one paragraph I was able to read this seems interesting, unfortunately scroll is so terribly broken on this site I can't make any further progress. I realize this is constrained somewhat by what the prosecutors can actually prove... but it seems like the person in question should go to jail for outright fraud and identity theft. I used to be a huge reader of reddit's /r/politics. Enough that it was my primary aggregator - until I started to notice that a lot of the stories didn't seem to mesh with reality. So I switched to an RSS feed of the top 20 news publications - in an attempt to get a relatively unbiased feed (obviously still biased, but hopefully at least more moderate) and the picture I get in my political news is very different now. It's difficult because so many of these subreddits pretend to be neutral but are extremely biased one way or another - often in subtle ways that aren't disclosed or easily discovered. Crewed weapons are really the best choice - teaches important team building skills. + [Fate Core]( https://www.evilhat.com/home/fate-core/ ) + Pure D20 + Slim down D&D 5e and play it a bit fast and loose I remember playing "D&D" with my dad at about that age. He used a D6, but basically he used a simplified D20 system with a lot of fudged rolls and minimal mechanics. Fate Core is great at just telling a really good action adventure without concepts of inventory or death. It has some optional mechanics to let the players add to the story (recognizing the person who has kidnapped them, having been a smuggler in this town before, etc). If your players enjoy jenga and horror, you can always run [Dread]( https://dreadthegame.wordpress.com/about-dread-the-game/ ) which is very fast to get running and runs very smoothly, even for folks who haven't played an RPG before. > what is it with software developers and laptops? I've had to do emergency patches while sitting in a car on a cross-state roadtrip. I've had to ssh in to verify issues in national parks. Sometimes I just like sitting in a coffee shop or a park when I'm writing mindless code. I run an older macbook, with some semi-heavy docker containers for dev work. It's fine enough for most of my work. Are there ways we as citizens can push them to follow up on this? Fox news is about the same amount of biased as Huffpost (which is to say, both are quite biased). WSJ is definitely fiscally conservative, and otherwise fairly moderate. Economist is actually quite liberal leaning. It's possible that your personal bias is very liberal so normal "conservative" positions seem far right. To be fair, news as a whole tends to lean slightly liberal. http://guides.lib.umich.edu/c.php?g=637508&p=4462444 is a decent source for news bias alignment. So the general method for analyzing political leaning/bias is by analyzing not the stated policy positions but the self declared leaning of the audience. The reason for that is the bias of any given position is very difficult to calculate and political identities are heavily nuanced across the entire spectrum. In addition, most people don't subscribe to well fixed ideological positions on most issues - and the line of being moderate shifts over time. But yes, as I said earlier, most news is a bit liberal leaning so news isn't perfectly aligned and in general there are much more liberal news sources then conservative news sources. In general your best bet is to read a lot of news sources, understand that all news has some bias (towards increasing readership, as well as a slight liberal lean), and do your best to kind of meet in the middle. Be aware of general logical fallacies and try to correct for them as best you can, and always question everything. So instead of using ACH which uses a currency with a fairly stable value and has a resolution process, they should use the blockchain instead, hope there are no major security issues in the near future, and hope their transaction eventually settles? > Square creating a liquidity solution How is putting transactions across the blockchain instead of ACH or Swift "more liquid"? I mean, I suppose if you want to evade taxes maybe, but I'm not clear how that actually helps the payment processor. Square doesn't benefit from "liquidity". So YouTube created an effective monopoly through social networking, and now is abusing that position. Not surprising but disappointing. Hopefully people leave YouTube in droves and remind them that their position is not static. First time hearing of PeerTube, but looks good so far. Blocking your videos and holding them hostage until you agree to a new contract would be abuse, yes. No, I'm suggesting that you can't change a contract (ToS) after it's been accepted without consideration. Blender already had an account and videos hosted on Youtube. Blender did not change their videos. YouTube changed their rules - and is holding Blender's videos hostage until they accept NEW terms. These aren't terms already part of Blender's contract - which is why Youtube is literally trying to force Blender to sign a new contract and refuses to execute their original ToS. A contract in the US can't override tort law. Material change without consideration is de facto no go. This is pretty standard torts 101. You can say whatever you want in a contract but that doesn't mean the clause is valid. Furthermore ToS fall under sticker contracts which have a different level of scrutiny especially in regards to material changes post facto. YouTube knows this. This is why they are trying to get Blender to sign a new contract. If your claim above was correct, YouTube would of simply already monetized the channel and unblocked the videos. But you can't agree to paint my house for free, decide you would rather be paid halfway through and then prevent me from entering my house until I pay you. That's a bit of a clumsy analogy, but the issue here is the immediate blocking of content and then demanding of pay. If Youtube instead said "Hey, you have 90 days to remove your content or let us monetize it" that would be a bit different. > The YT ToS does not create an obligation on YT's part to serve your videos. Correct. The issue here is that they blocked the videos (not plain removal) with no warning or stated limit, and then demanded monetization to unblock the videos, thus creating a duress situation. If YouTube had a stated policy saying "Videos getting over 250k views must be monetized" or sent a 90 day warning the situation would be different. Instead YouTube blocked the videos without warning and then demanded a new monetization contract to restore service. That reeks of a duress case. So then obviously CNN should never write an article again and isn't a profitable business... That is complete and utter nonsense. Linking itself adds value - see the uproar with Facebook getting rid of news in the feed. If the publishers genuinely felt as you do, they would simply prevent content being linked to by Google News/etc. Instead they want to demand payment for it, and force the behavior instead of letting Google choose cheaper news sources to link to. Which is why comprehensive testing is important. If we have test cases that accurately capture our requirements, then we can refactor and know when we've err'd from the path. If we don't have test cases, then we have to make best guesses (and we know how that one turns out). So Tether is keeping 2 billion dollars in two bank accounts, way-way-way-way-way above the FDIC protection limit? Ignoring anything else, that seems astoundingly stupid. No I mean, Tether, as a company, has two bank accounts, and in just two plain-jane bank accounts, has 2 billion USD. The FDIC limit is 250k. Tomorrow if there is a crises, Tether goes from a 2 billion dollar company to a 500k company. No company would do that. They would either spread across as many banks as possible to stretch out FDIC as much as they can, or they would keep their cash invested in some kind of relatively stable asset. You didn't counter the point. An Audit isn't some pinky swear. It requires an external accountant to review not only the account balance but how it got there. "Woopsie, we totally just accidentally blocked all your videos and then demanded payment via monetization. Total goof after you posted our demand to the internet. Yup, just the fault of that support person whose name you don't remember." I like Atom because I can keep it a relatively dumb editor. I hate autocomplete, I hate automated code formatting usually (I do occasionally use Prettier to get legacy code cleaner) and I don't want to see my linter until I go to make a commit. I do wish Atom was faster, especially on Windows. I do appreciate the support for ligatures in font though, and how easy it is to change editor behavior as I go. It's slow and usually wrong. By the time it has a suggestion I am usually down a function. Notepad++ is windows only. gedit is a bit too dumb with no support for most syntax highlighters. For what it's worth, WireCutter does disclose this rather prominently. They effectively make money through you buying their recommended products through their website, and often depend on receiving expensive products for free. In general I think they're usually a decent guide, but they are sometimes not aligned to the values I'm after. I don't usually trust them for camping or hiking stuff since they tend to be overly focused on things being cheap or uselessly multi-purpose. People on drugs tend to behave in erratic ways. In the case of a jaywalker, this might be as simple as crossing with no warning when a sober person might not cross. Any driver (human or machine) should of course do their absolute best to avoid a collision, but whether or not that collision is avoidable is determined in part by the object you collide with. In the case of violence by the police, somebody who is holding a weapon and behaving erratically is inherently more of a threat then somebody holding a weapon and complying. There's nothing per-say "evil" about drugs, but somebody with meth in their system is a hell of a lot harder to predict then somebody sober, whether that's in terms of jaywalking or a violent confrontation. When we evaluate situations, especially emotionally involving situations, we have to try and gather the totality of evidence. Can a human driver handle those things? I had a near-collision when I was headed to work one day. I was going the speed limit on a major four lane road. I noticed ahead of me that a car was stopped in a neighboring lane. It wasn't clear if it had broken down or what, so I started slowing down. Cue a group of kids jaywalking, and running in front of my car causing me to slam on my brakes. Had I not seen or reacted to the already stopped car (or had it simply not been there), I probably could not have stopped in time. Not that I wouldn't have absolutely tried my best, but physics dictates that a compact SUV going at 45 mph doesn't come to a stop immediately. That doesn't mean we shouldn't evaluate whether Uber seriously messed up and should face dramatic consequences - it certainly seems like they disabled a critical safety system that would of saved the pedestrians life. Rather, we shouldn't make such grandiose statements like "Jaywalking shouldn't carry a death sentence" which don't really touch on the facts of the case. We should instead ask, "Did Uber's negligence cause this to result in a death when it shouldn't of been one?" I recently took up martial arts, and after sparring a few times, I've learned that you do not need to be armed to be a threat. If somebody drives an elbow to the back of your head with force, you're going to the hospital. If somebody manages to get you in a clinch, you are likely going to pass out. If somebody manages to get you on the ground while they're standing - you better really hope they're content to walk away at that point because they can permanently mess you up for the rest of your life. Any case of self defense needs to be evaluated by a court. I'm not suggesting police should get a free pass, but that somebody is unarmed does not mean they are not a lethal threat. You have a pistol pointed at someone who you perceive to be a threat. The person charges you from 30 feet away. Do you shoot them? Does that change if they have a knife? What if it's dark and they're holding something that seems like a knife but you're not sure? Holding a gun doesn't make you immune to being injured or killed. Pointing a gun at someone doesn't always make them comply. A gun is a deadly weapon, but it's not a token of immunity and compliance. Shooting someone doesn't magically stop them or cause them to become a statue or a corpse. > cops shoot people into the back You're a police officer. You're called to investigate a violent rape by a suspect armed by a knife. The suspect runs and is quickly getting away. Do you: 1. Shoot them in the back 2. Let them escape and possibly rape someone else, hoping you catch them in the future Neither of those is a good outcome and, just to make things more confusing, different states and departments have different rules in those situations. > still victims are smeared You can't know who the victim is until after the chips have landed. If someone gets shot by a police officer, they might have been an innocent person doing nothing wrong, or they might have been a violent predator who sexually assaults and murders kids for fun. When we're trying to assess that situation, you need all the evidence to come out - whether that hurts the cop (How many times have they used their weapons before? Do they have previous misconduct charges? Have they made racially charged statements previously?) or the person on the other side (Do they have a history of violence and crime? Are they a known felon? Were they on drugs?) There are a few YouTube videos of use-of-force activists undergoing police training ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfi3Ndh3n-g ) and one of the things that stands out to me is that they are very, very fast to pull the trigger compared to most police officers. That isn't to say their points are invalid, but it's easy to criticize from a sofa and it's a different thing to be in that fight-or-flight life-or-death moment of decision making. In addition, most editors these days should be able to fix this as you go so you can use whatever your preference is and comply with the projects standards. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fleeing_felon_rule > a CRM-focused blockchain might place the business logic for managing customer relations and sales on-chain and enable competing clients to build on the protocol Why.. would you need to put those on a blockchain across a bunch of disparate consumers? In theory isn't my business logic fairly, you know, secret sauce? Blockchain is vaguely "A spreadsheet everyone gets a copy of." There are some cases where that can be useful - usually for verification. There are also some issues with that - there are no takebacksies if somebody say, publishes illegal content. If I want to prove to everyone in Minecraft that I hold a million minecraft points, a blockchain might be a good answer. If I want to store my secret, frequently updated business rules with tons of private details about my clients... why in the world would I use a blockchain? I imagine they're worried about their service being used to send spam, which would trash their reputation as a sender. > There is very little antifa violence With you so far... > especially in the context of a far-right that routinely murders people. And you just repeated the exact same silly claim you disputed, but you switched the political affiliation! Is every single act of violence by a liberal "antifa"? Of course not. Therefore, it seems silly to pretend every act of violence by a conservative is "the far right" which are a particular (abhorrent) set of political views. 1. Sign up for an account to comment, using a free email account 2. POP3/IMAP your email to your bot, clicking any links 3. Write spammy comments What an unfortunate name... > I can't find a section of GDPR requiring these individual toggles for each "partner" This isn't happening because websites are falling over themselves to comply with GDPR. This is the case because websites explicitly want to make opting out as difficult as possible. Somehow a large portion of web content creators have gone astray and confused locking users in a metaphorical room against their will with "consent". File a complaint with whatever firm they work for. Reassure your employer you're just keeping an ear to the ground. Can you elaborate on the issues with that? I've used that pattern and haven't found any major woes (yet), but also don't usually paginate complicated queries. More than that, this database contains way too much data beyond the minimum needed - to be totally unguarded in addition is abhorrent. At one point, Google was pretty not-evil. They had the capacity for great evil, but generally didn't use it. That has obviously changed over the past couple years, in a slow creeping way. 1. The vast majority of blockchain/ICO/cryptocurrency startups are buzzword abusing scams and schemes 2. Everyone else seems to want to use the blockchain for wildly inappropriate applications 3. There's a small subset of people who have realized and monetized that adding the word "blockchain" will result in more money magically appearing 4. There's a fair segment that just want to use cryptocurrency to commit illegal acts and evade taxes (we're going to use Monero to run prostitution rings!) There are some people doing some genuinely awesome things in this space, but for every person using smart contracts for low-cost electricity arbitrage, there's a dozen other people using ICOs to create distributed-blockchains-over-bittorrent that will use "machine learning" and "AI" to solve the unsolvable. Throwing buzzwords in the mix doesn't create solutions, it only attracts dumb investors. It's sort of an interesting tradeoff. On one hand, it's not desirable for most people to rent longterm, and owning property is an important way to store and grow wealth. On the other hand, you don't want a few well financed investors sweeping in and buying all the available housing just as a kind of depository for funds. Texas has an interesting setup. Property taxes are relatively high, but you can choose one house that you occupy to get a "Homestead exemption" that brings the taxes down quite a bit. This doesn't prevent you from owning say, a vacation home, but does make it quite a bit more expensive (which seems to be fair). You can't live in or raise kids on a stock portfolio. If you're a single bachelor who moves wherever they can make 5% more every year, then by all means, rent. Kids, spouses, and most people with friends, don't care to be constantly uprooted or at the mercy of a landlord who is likely to raise prices every year. Renting results in no value - it's a direct cost for never any gain. Even buying a house in a declining market will net you less loss then pure renting. Does it tie up your wealth? No. It converts your wealth into a usable asset (a house). You can't build a shelter out of bricks of cash, or convert a money market account to a nursery. I genuinely don't understand the pull of cheating in a competitive game. The whole goal is that it's a contest of skill and wits, and the "prize" is simply the emotional gratification and internet points (and when you win by cheating you remove those prizes.) Cheating makes sense in gambling where money is at play, but your fortnight level/win-loss/etc doesn't equate to anything of value. You are in burn out. It's not that you aren't intelligent or capable of the work, but it sounds like you just haven't clocked out in a long time. You can fight burn out for a short period but you can't delay it forever. You resist burn out by working out hard, engaging in stimulating non-job work (eg a hobby) and engaging in intentional relaxation. Ultimately you need to find a way to take time off. Great to see stuff like this built but having an app this simple require a full RoR backend seems overkill - either I'm stuck running it in Docker (which isn't too bad) or manually getting the right Ruby environment up (horrifying). When I read the headline, it seemed to me that Nissan was falsifying data to meet Government/mandated emissions tests and was caught. In reality, Nissan's internal workers were caught falsifying an internal test. That might seem like a small point but it's quite an important difference - the difference between a live malicious data breach and an internal audit failing. One of those is a crime, and one of those is an internal problem. One of those results in extensive fines and jail, one results in finger wagging from the authorities. > With its unique combination of capabilities, our platform aims to enable true innovations and new applications that could not be built before. It is designed to help users leverage and reclaim control of their data, and enable frictionless collaboration between mutually distrusting parties for greater societal good–all without relying on any central party. Vague claims to solve the probably-unsolvable - Check. > Privacy-preserving smart contracts Heavy Buzzwords - Check > privacy-preserving machine learning within smart contracts on our platform Vague mention of ML - Check My skepticism is at max here. This is awfully light on any kind of even vague detail and is super dense on meaningless buzzwords. They link out to their own previous research - which isn't by itself bad but isn't exactly trust enhancing either. Their staff seems to be all colleagues from previous research work. If you're making 110k anywhere else in the US while single and without kids, you're buying houses and cars when you're not traveling. Not renting a one bedroom and eating $14 avocado toast with your roommates. These are fundamentally different database technologies. Postgres is a powerful SQL based store while Mongo was originally built around the idea of a write never failing. Postgres tends to keep a speed edge but the jsonb syntax is awkward and some operations can be trickier for a developer to navigate. Scaling uses traditional sql strategies. Mongo has a pretty nifty query language but more difficult queries start becoming quite slow. Scaling is a bit different then Postgres. Like any tech choice, it's not about what is vogue or trendy but what best fits your problem space. > I'd be interested in any opinions here about how to financially support this project. At the very least I'd just love to somehow make this my job. One of the cases where developers still use text based browsers is in attempting to check accessibility of websites. For many large enterprises, there's a legal or contractual requirement to ensure a certain level of accessibility for users with disabilities. The tradeoff is "consistency". As long as some node of Mongo is running, it'll do it's absolute damned best to accept a write, including buffering in memory and all kinds of other tricks. However, if you write to it and then immediately read.. you might not get back what you just wrote (but it will eventually show up in reads). Likewise, you might get different responses from different nodes in some weird situations. A few things to note: This weird behavior is only in a failure state (eg a network partition), and I believe it's no longer the default but can be enabled. It's very useful for lots of applications, but isn't the right choice for all applications. Yeah it's a bit weird with it's fuzzy graphics. I'm not quite sure the best way to use this, but one of the most common forms of "blindness" is not a total lack of sight, but very poor eyesight. Or they just chose a very common pattern of keeping configs in files instead and haven't gotten around to support environment variables. Probably not a conspiracy... given that you could fork it, implement this feature, and then PR it back to the main repo... Can you post a eth/bitcoin wallet address on your site? > a minimum damage value for all information leaks (say $10 per person). $10 for an email, name or other semi-common info. $100 for a hashed password $1000 for social security, credit card numbers, unhashed password That's what a company does. That is the entire purpose of a company. They don't owe any social good, they are a profit seeking entity. If you don't agree with a given company, stop giving them profit. Don't like Facebook? Stop using it. Don't care for Microsoft? Stop buying Windows and Office. The only other option for controlling companies is government control - that has never worked out well longterm. 1. Sandbox file access 2. Limit network calls without additional permissions 3. Warn when the dependency tree goes too deep (8 or 9 levels of deps) 4. Better auditing of suspicious patterns (accessing .npmrc should throw a flag) I barely trust Facebook/Microsoft/et al. at an arms length. The last thing I want is them aggressively making choices about what kind of content is ok or not - it seems easy to censor Nazi's but what about brexitors or pro-firearms talk? Add in a government compulsion to crack down on "bad speech" and we've circumvented free speech. Facebook has a right to not allow some content, but when Governments start setting standards across companies, what then? In the UK, firearms talk is basically verboten. In the US, that's protected speech. Whose rules does Facebook follow? Or do we have a separate UK facebook? Does the private citizen owe social good? Unless you have a clear argument that all people have a prima facie duty to always do social good (mandatory volunteering?) then it seems very difficult to claim there's a special duty when multiple people group together. Does that duty affect the bake shop up the road? The bookshop that employs 20 people? I can't imagine most modules need to read or write your .npmrc directly (npm itself does). That should flag a module (with the understanding that I'm sure there's some modules that do legitimately need that access - eg to easily swap which registry you're publishing too). When a dependency tree starts going too deep, it's too easy for malicious modules to get snuck in. You pull in Popular Library X which depends on well-known module A, which in turn pulls in shim B, which in turn depends on an unpinned utility C. Somebody sneaks a malicious hook into utility C which isn't used directly by anybody really, but propagates the malicious code to all the users of Popular Library X (eg Babel). > The idea that they are legally obliged only to maximise shareholder value is also a myth I'm pretty sure. The CEO and other officers of a company have a stated, legal requirement to act in the companies best interest in regards to the shareholders. All commercial companies (let's ignore non-profits and such for a moment) are founded to generate profit for their shareholders since that is what in turn attracts shareholders. > I believe everybody part of a society has a responsibility minimise or prevent the harm they do That's a nice belief and it'd be great if it was true - but that's not an argument for an a priori duty to do social good. Let's just imagine for a moment that you, yourself, are legally obligated to do social good. What does that look like? Do you have a minimum amount of hours per week you're forced to do free work (eg, forced labor)? Can you get out of that by being forced to give some money to charity (eg, taxes)? What are the punishments if you don't execute your duty? Jail? Imagine that system scaled up and applied just to everyone - each person individually. Forced labor, some kind of weird mandatory charity tax thing, and the threat of punishment if you don't comply - is that the kind of world you want to live in? It's easy to demand other people do good. It's much harder to do good ourselves when it's our own time and money. So the linked article doesn't directly cite any work but does provide highlighted notes for an article, which I followed... which also doesn't actually cite anything. So I went down a rabbit hole of researching early zoning laws to evaluate a very specific claim: that the origin of zoning laws is racist. In 1917 Buchanan v Warley mades directly racist zoning illegal... which affected a single city in Kentucky and otherwise had very little effect. In addition, the very first zoning laws didn't get passed until 1910 in the US and zoning didn't exist much until the 1920s [1] so that seems to undermine that claim as an emotional, not a factual one. Everyone seems to suggest that the fix for high housing prices is to simply build more densely (more supply, same demand, therefore prices should go down right?). Yet that appears to not be the case either - as buildings get taller and more dense, costs seem to increase outside the direct supply/demand system [3] and those units which are built are typically more expensive then low density options. [1] - https://www.dartmouth.edu/~wfischel/Papers/02-03.pdf [3] - https://www.forbes.com/sites/joelkotkin/2017/08/31/high-rise... -- [2] - http://marketurbanism.com/2017/11/01/does-density-raise-hous... As silly as it sounds, emojis are surprisingly important in how people communicate. It's very hard for most folks to indicate emotions over text and emojis help support that. They've also been an effective way to communicate better across language barriers. Side note - "yelling fire in a crowded theater" is not persay illegal, and was actually used in a free speech trial against a man who wrote anti-draft pamphlets. > Is there some legal reason they aren't giving more details? Company fires CEO Bob because they claim he had an affair with a dozen employees and publishes it. CEO Bob immediately sues the company for defamation. Company fails to meet legal standard to show said affair happened. 1. CEO Bob now claims (to the public) he was fired wrongfully 2. Company looks terrible and also loses a bunch of money The company isn't required to meet a legal threshold to fire a CEO for an abuse of conduct, but by publishing details, they might open themselves for a lawsuit related not to the firing, but the actual publication of details. Sometimes you'll see cases where the person being terminated makes the admission - since it's pretty difficult to sue yourself over defamation, that changes the equation a bit. So if CEO Bob loudly declares on twitter that he had an affair with a dozen employees at once, then the company is free to basically restate his own comment. Elite Dangerous did turn out a very successful game though. NMS turned things around and is an excellent example of a team acknowledging their mistakes and taking the time to correct. It's a game that initially I refused to back, but have now logged solid game time in. > why the US is involved in the conflict there in the first place? Active and believable threats directed at the US, including sending resources and fighters to actively engage the US. It'd be great if we could give just give Iraq a ring and ask them to go shove a boot up these folks other-sides, but since they're massively losing cities and land to these warlords, they're not really in a place to handle the situation themselves. Something about a terrorist group taking large swathes of your land, borderline enslaving your people into forced labor and selling the pretty ones as "wives" to be raped endlessly kind of makes it hard to function as a normal country. > to what extent the US is really threatened by people on the other side of the planet? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_terrorist_incidents_li... + June 2016 + November 2016 + October 2017 You spent thousands to be treated for cancer, despite only having one tumor a year? Clearly you should be spending that money on a gym membership instead... It's hard to wage terrorist activities when you're fighting a literal multi-sided war. What about the innocent people freed by the American response to those events? Or do Iraq citizens being raped and murdered not count? Do we include the tally for terrorist events in the UK, France and other allies as well? "Oh hey, yeah, sorry that a terrorist group armed someone to shoot up a gay nightclub, we feel real bad about that, but we need at least a hundred more people killed before we can do anything." When the government is responsible for your healthcare, and also has a fiduciary duty to it's taxpayers, then the government has a further responsibility to restrict what you can eat, drink and do (not just safe or unsafe, but to penalize snack foods and restrict sports that have a higher risk of injury.) All of a sudden, my choice to say, engage in martial arts or boxing, goes from a personal decision (Do I want to do this? Do I have the money for the gear? Is this in my risk comfort zone?) to a decision involving the government (is this behavior too risky for the general pool of insured people?) Healthcare is not free. Healthcare research and technology is in fact, extremely expensive. Somebody is paying - whether that's the individual via an insurance pool or the government through taxpayers. Does the person paying your bill have your same prerogatives in mind? When you're poor, you can't afford to buy massive bags of rice and store them airtight to keep out insects, so instead you buy small portions which are much more expensive. You can't afford the time to cook the rice, and you don't have anything decent to season it with. Instead you buy a microwaveable rice dish. It's about the same cost as actual rice (just a bit more expensive), far quicker to cook, tastes better than unseasoned undercooked rice, and is usually pretty unhealthy. When it comes to spoilable things like meat, it's difficult to know ahead of time when you'll be able to cook a proper dinner and therefore plan your purchases. You might well end up just catching a burger at a fast food place and never get a chance to cook the $8 of meat you bought. Now I'm in a place where I cook all my meals. I can go to the store twice a week and buy nice cuts of steak or chicken. I can take two hours to make a fancy meal. I have no shortage of things to season with (imported oil, foreign spices, etc). I eat much better now for less total cost, but I have more upfront costs and much more time invested. I grew up poor as dirt on the east coast. We couldn't keep flour on hand more than a couple of weeks because it would almost certainly be infested with loaches in the summer. I had many cases of opening bags of rice to the same (extremely unappetizing) surprise. I didn't lack time to do cooking because I was working constantly. I lacked time to do cooking because my work schedule was all over the place and the buses in the DC metro area are never on time. Between working and trying to get classes in (or working a second job, or watching your kid) you don't really have time to watch rice cook for an hour. I'm sorry my experience growing up poor as dirt doesn't align with your preference for eating shitty food. Obviously I'm the one in the wrong here. This is a case where a snarky reply is unneeded, and you could simply do some basic research. It looks like there is official permission in London to exhume some graves for re-use after 75 years, and it's generally accepted that a grave is only owned for a 100 years (that seems to come from the Burial Act of 1857 in the UK). In general it seems that yes, given sufficient time, the tricky legal problems of exhuming become quite a bit more simple. I moved over a project from GitHub to GitLab recently - I wanted to try a competitor, and I wanted to take advantage of their CI/CD feature. I've actually been very impressed. The UI is laggy at times, and they haven't mastered the UX/information architecture like Github has, but they have added a lot of other valuable features. > most likely you are just ingesting dopamine-flavored noise. I hope you don't mind if I steal that phrase. Well put. > in preventing scientific study into a area The policy came about because a particular CDC head in the 1980s specifically said he intended to show firearms as the root cause of violence, nevermind what any actual stats said. The CDC to this day still has problems with doing a study, not liking the result, and then deciding it would rather not publish the study - https://www.forbes.com/sites/paulhsieh/2018/04/30/that-time-... This has no effect on private research. It only prevents federal money from being used for a traditionally partisan cause. This sounds great until we realize that the vast majority of crimes, even minor ones, have someone on the other side of them. Simple assault, theft, fraud, reckless driving. Hey, someone came up and beat the crap out of you for the $20 in your wallet? Well sorry, we can't do anything but talk about how they might of come to this point. Someone who gets the flu, unless they're acting to intentionally infect others, has no "victim". That doesn't mean justice should be based on retribution, but removal of the offender from society is something which society typically requires. > When you talk about violence being a positivie in solving a bank robberies, you should be talking about how to prevent bank robberies in the first place, rather than designing a solution that presumes the robbery is going to happen no matter what. That's easy to say when you're not the one being held hostage in the bank robbery! We shouldn't learn to debug code or mitigate downtime either, we should just write code without bugs... No my argument is that the major organization pushing for this has repeatedly been caught on record, under oath, explicitly admitting to bias and consistently pushing biased research. If even 5% of a research coming out of a publication was biased, nobody would let anything in the publication be cited. When that publication is funded exclusively by tax payer money paid to a government with a fiduciary duty... People aren't as helpful as one would think during high stress scenarios either. > could Amazon or a tech administering it be liable for someone falsely imprisoned? I would wager "absolutely not" for the exact same issue as firearms or cars. The person who mis-applied the technology or a middle man vendor though? Unless they fall under qualified immunity, there's your fall guy. University work tends to pay in different ways. Lots of opportunity for your own projects, cool toys, small teams that report directly to the owner. Twitter has been very sloppy in maintaining a clear line between abuse and unpopular opinions. Twitter has value because it's a relatively open place where anyone can interact. When twitter starts having strong opinions about what content is acceptable or not outside of abuse, then it becomes a very liberal echo chamber which drastically biases all the conversations that go on in it. The issue, and this isn't a twitter specific issue, is that the line between preventing abuse and censoring content is not a clear or distinct line at all - some users want every art installation to have a trigger warning before it while other users hold the firm political opinion that the mixing of different races is unethical. It's not clear that Twitter (or Facebook, or Reddit) has ever been good at navigating that line, or that they should be in that business. Reddit is somewhat successful in that most of the moderation happens at least at a subreddit level, so that if you disagree with a given community you can simply move to a different one. Never assume malice where stupidity will do. I've been in an enterprise-y work environment. It's amazing the crap that gets churned out by massive teams for simple tasks. Both of those are extreme opinions on different sides of the spectrum. You should have issues with both of them. But neither of them, in and of themselves, is abuse. Yes, they might be promulgated in a way that becomes abusive (sending racist opinions repeatedly as you mention, or sending your followers to harass a PR department because they didn't include a trigger warning), but censoring either opinion, outside of abuse, falls into the same trap of playing not the responsible platform, but engaging in censorship. If you consistently censor one and not the other, then you are a biased censor. Is someone who is a professed neo-nazi using your platform, but not otherwise engaging in abuse, worth banning? Let's try it with this example. Is someone who genuinely and openly holds the opinion that all men are rapists, but not otherwise engaging in abuse, worth banning? When we start going down this path of trying to get rid of "undesirables", we start engaging in censorship. I didn't use the word feminist. I suspect this is to help websites crack down on crappy ad networks without actually having to moderate their ads? > I know that various people have suggested that Mars might be a useful second home for humanity in case some event wipes us all out.. but really, if we get wiped out it's going to be self-inflicted, and compared with the difficulty of setting up a viable colony on Mars, the difficulty of sending a few nukes over there is negligible Given that even with really clever laser-based links the latency between Earth and Mars would be significant (a couple of minutes), not to mention the weeks of space travel to actually move people/tanks/missiles/etc, it's very unlikely that a Mars colony would be significantly embroiled in any on-Earth dispute (political disputes, wars, etc). In that way, even if we do have a MAD kind of scenario, Mars is likely to escape not because we couldn't attack it, but because it's expensive to attack it and nobody would care very much to. There is a Russian beverage made by adding a ton of good quality honey to hot boiling water that is supposed to be an excellent cold remedy. No idea if it actually does anything, but it is delicious and soothing. This feels exactly like coffeescript. At some point, it does seem like TS should simply outright fork javascript and go from there. That would at least remove most of my objections to the developer overhead. What packages are folks using these days? To be fair, I'm not entirely convinced that a truly universal system is the best. After all, a single parent has significant additional expenses - and should taxpayers be paying to give violent criminals a work-free existence? (Would you pay a living wage to someone who sexually assaulted your daughter?) In the US, this is especially a problem. The cost of living in Texas is low enough that my salary as an engineer gives me a very high quality of life - but the same salary in NYC would be very different in life results. A federally set UBI then seems... well, to have the same issues that minimum wage do. > You don't need to read the news every day As someone who votes, you should read the news on a very regular basis. Ideally that means reading a variety of news sources from a variety of political leanings. Those kids and their newspapers! I bet all they are ever going to do is read the news and not focus on the lesson. Can't they read that muck-racking when they get home? It's going to rot their brains! Don't even get me started on that overtly sexual and disgusting ballroom dancing! Obviously you have the special truth from the only true source, and all news media is fake except for the ones who hawk gold pills and testosterone boosters - they know how it really is. Not sure for Solar, but most HAMs using field radio setups still use deep cycle marine batteries as they withstand abuse and are much cheaper. I've used inspectors on both of my home purchases, and both times it was a major lifesaver. The first one caught that the house had a leveling issue (and had us bring in a foundation repair company to measure) and the second one caught a dead heater and a hole in the roof. That being said, I always hire my own certified home inspectors. Both my spouse and I have enough understanding to know when an inspector is blowing smoke and when they are looking at a real issue, and we monitor them while they do the inspection. A home inspector can't go into details on an issue - that isn't their job - they are only there to tell you what experts you need to call in during your option period. You can pay off enough to not need PMI, and in many areas the house value increasing will help you. > Only downside is replacing things that seem to break all the time when you own a home :P The nice thing is that you can choose to fix them yourself and save money. You can also use that as an opportunity to upgrade them and do the job right. Once or twice a year, go through your house and check on the major parts like appliances, fixtures, etc. Make a list of what is due to be updated or repaired soon so you can save up money and do some research. Determine what is in your wheelhouse of what you can fix and what you need to call in a contractor for - personally I'll do appliance repair or drywall all day, but I refuse to go climbing into trees to prune them. Aim to buy good replacements - avoid fancy (easily broken) features, but splurge to get better made stuff. Don't be afraid to use quality non-oem parts either, since they are much cheaper and usually still very good. Youtube is a godsend for a lot of repair jobs. Don't peel them. Pat them down with a paper towel to remove any extra moisture (especially if you're cutting them) and then use butter to get that delicious crunch and browning on them. If social media platforms have devolved into only cat memes and sponsored clothing shoots, that's pretty disappointing for the human race. While crackpots like Alex Jones are objectionable to all people of sense, I don't trust Facebook/Twitter/Et Al to act as arbitrators of free speech. > Dangerous people shouldn't be allowed platforms MLK was a borderline enemy of the state in the 1950s because he petitioned for equal rights. Who gets to decide who is "dangerous"? I'm going to say something terrifying, and it should cause you terror indeed: Most people don't shop banks. Ask random coworkers why they use the bank they do - "Well, that's what my parents used" or "that's what was convenient" is the usual reply. Anytime I ask people if they pay fees for regular banking, they look at me like I'm a crazy person - "of course I pay fees all the time, but I don't pay very much..." Most banks are terrible and treat you terribly unless you keep enough money with them to get the special treatment. Before World War 1, there was a (relative) period of some peace, and something insane happened - people started glorifying war. The idea of war bringing out the "real" in a person, or skimming off the excess of society was a thing. Then of course, once mustard gas is rolling through your neighborhood, glorifying war seems rather stupid. People are dumb forgetful creatures, but it's important to keep well in mind that war is terrible and horrible, and we as people never want it. Public opinion won't prevent another war from happening ever, but it will make war much harder to argue for. lua is much easier to execute and much easier to sandbox than JS. > For instance have you ever thought about how completely idiotic resisting arrest is? If someone grabs your wrist and yanks you off balance - guess what, you're probably going to try to resist them if only to not fall over. Likewise humans are not perfectly rational beings - if someone runs towards you and you're already scared, you're going to start to run. This isn't because you somehow played out a competent mental calculus on your chances of escaping, it's because you're an animal with instincts. Hell, this effect is counted on in martial arts - if you want someone to move, push them the opposite way. The issue is that "resisting arrest" has grown to be a vague charge that encapsulates everything from people outright fighting police officers to people who are scared and trying to not get knocked off balance. Since you're obviously a savant, it's curious that you don't simply contribute to v8 development given that it's open source. Package management is a really-really-really difficult problem that is far from solved. Not to say that your critiques are invalid (quite the opposite), but Julia is just now hitting 1.0 - by contrast Node/NPM have been around quite a bit longer and still have terrible package issues they're working to solve. If you can, try and find a few hours to help pitch in and solve the package problems, even if it's just updating docs or updating deprecated-but-useful packages. Voice apps for games have been used for a long, long, long time. Most games don't really keep a constant voice connection (it drops during menus), and it can be very hard to coordinate to all be on voice together in a multiplayer game. Plus a clan may well be too large to fit in a single "squad" or "team" in a game, and require multiple levels of coordination. Coordination isn't cheating. I'd really like to see an electron competitor built on Servo. Electron has made desktop experiences very accessible, but it runs like a dog. I don't believe there are any insurmountable issues with NPM currently. The current major issue, as it stands, is that it's very easily for a malicious bit of code to sneak into a heavily used JS package and have oversized effects - this happened very recently with a very popular linting-support package. The other issue is general posting of malicious packages under mistyped names, or takeover of existing packages with malicious updates by new owners. At the same time, nobody wants to have NPM (the org) manually vet every upload ever made. So, there's that. Many JS packages are extremely dep heavy, overwhelmingly for minor features (checking something is an array, promise-fying FS, etc) which makes it very easy to infiltrate packages and very hard to vet a package entirely. Finally, npm (the program) runs into a fair bit of caching woes and it's own dumb bugs which feel like they shouldn't slip into production nowadays. Oh, and sometimes npm (the website) goes down. The answer for JS, unfortunately, is probably segmentation - as better managed and more secure package repos come up, likely with their own package managers, npm will probably have to up their game. That, I am sure, will bring a whole fresh set of issues. I'm not sure why you're being downvoted. I've had grown women, strangers, inappropriately grab my butt in public or otherwise inappropriately touch me. Sexual harassment is inappropriate, full stop . There's no gender based excuse that allows it or makes it acceptable. > Am I totally off base here? https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20-TECHS/H37.html My mom worked at a bank that installed what they called a "man trap". Essentially there's a large magnetometer between two sets of heavy doors that locks the doors if it detects someone with a firearm (or any large block of magnetic material) has tried to enter the bank. On any given week, they'd catch about a half dozen police officers, a maintenance person or two who still had their tools on them, and the occasional delivery person. After a few weeks they disabled the system entirely. Food margins are on average consistently > 66% if not more for many types of restaurants. Delivery services usually pass on costs to consumers (delivery fee + tip) which means they are only removing consumers buying alcohol - but that assumes if delivery were not available that I would go to the restaurant which is false. Delivery is not an alternative to going to a restaurant, it's an alternative to cooking at home. They're shopping this out to a journalistic outlet. > Because Facebook forwards posts that are marked as false to third-party fact-checkers, she said it was important to build systems to assess whether the posts were likely to be false to make efficient use of fact-checkers’ time. This seems like a "the road to hell is paved with good intentions" kind of thing. On one hand, I understand not wanting to forward every single story when a troll is mass-reporting, on the other hand though, this seems like a very 1984 approach that like all algorithms is horrendously naive. Any closed group is likely to have a skewed sense of reality. On one hand, third party fact checkers are hopefully true to their title, but on the other hand, they could just be adding their own bias to the decisions with no oversight in a way that affects users going forward. Add in no ability to appeal and no visibility into the system, and you have a closed system ripe for abuse. Good job Facebook, you have learned nothing. 25% of your friends rated this article as false. 2% of all facebook users rated this article as false. Politico has fact checked this article as true. Fox News has fact checked this article as false. Federalist paper #10 contains a lot of thought on this topic, and it's worth reading. Like all documents of this type, it should be read as a kind of argument between two competing sides. http://avalon.law.yale.edu/18th_century/fed10.asp > can also be synchronous Then you're giving up several of the benefits of CQRS, and might as well just not bother with the additional complexity. > Well they don't have to be immutable. I don't see why you can't update/migrate events. The events are your source of truth. When you "migrate" your source of truth, you're in somewhat dangerous waters (and if you're using CQRS for scale, a 1% failure to migrate data might be millions of records). You also now have the issue that your source of truth is being migrated, and probably can't accept writes (or you need to emit writes in both new format and old format for whenever your change over happens) You still have migrations, but they exist on the read store, which means they can be done semi-transparently to clients (pause writes and let them queue up, migrate existing read store to new instance, point read calls and indexers to new store, resume writes). CQRS adds a lot of complexity. Sometimes it's absolutely worth it, especially if you've already invested in the expertise and tooling to support it. It drastically changes the scaling math, both on the low end (at the very least you need a write store, a read store, a queue, an indexer and an api) and on the high end (you can scale any part of the system as needed in relative isolation). You add in timing issues, rollbacks, asynchronous error handling, and delays between reads/writes. That's not "Command Query Responsibility Segregation" (CQRS). That's modeling your data as a time series - which is a totally valid and perfectly useful model in many cases, but has nothing to do with the architectural pattern known as CQRS. Martin Fowler gives the following simple definition of CQRS: > At its heart is the notion that you can use a different model to update information than the model you use to read information. CQRS takes data (events, time series, plain old records, whatever), stores it into a write store which acts as a singular source of truth, and queues that data to be stored in a (usually eventually consistent) read store as a projection - not simply duplicating the write store, but building a read record meant to be consumed directly by some client - with potentially several projections, one for each set of client needs. Microservices from a startup perspective: don't. Microservices are great. They are also complex, expensive and require much higher expertise. Start with a well groomed monolith that is well modularized then split it when scale (user scale, team scale) makes sense. > just send other asynchronous messages out So we're sending a new data model in the form of JSON over TCP using AMQP? Or are we using STOMP over websockets? Who maintains the broker? Do we use a direct exchange or topic exchange? How do we replicate messages across exchange nodes to ensure uptime? How do we upgrade the broker? > Shouldn't finger grained scaling be cheaper in some cases? Monolith, basic high availability is 3 servers, minimum. Now every single microservice needs 3x servers, plus autoscaling, plus we need things like distributed logs, a resilient broker, etc. Even simple things like uptime pinging are more expensive because we're tracking more hosts. Sure, if you ignore everything outside of your system then it's really easy to work on a single microservice, and if your startup has several million dollars and hundreds of engineers - great, use microservices. Hiking, which eats even quality shoes because sliding down a mountain side tends to pull apart rubber. These need to be able to go through creeks, slide down mountains, and still be comfortable to walk up to 20 miles in. Martial arts, because mat shoes need to be soft enough to not injure a sparring partner, but still get used aggressively for hours every week. Semi-formal shoes for work and going out. Casual shoes for mowing the lawn in or other house work. Flat-footed trainers for the gym, kept clean of any oil or other hazards (which is why they can't overlap with the lawn mowing shoes). A pair of decent, well shined shoes for truly formal occasions (weddings, funerals). Water shoes, for swimming in water holes and going tubing down the local river. Note here that I don't run, which apparently truly eats shoes, and all of my shoes are high quality except my lawn mowing/house work shoes, because they're exposed to all sorts of crap like paint. These are just the shoes I've bought this year - my safety boots are still in decent condition, and it's likely my dress shoes will be last many more years. Electron started as an experiment that took off with quite a bang, and all told it's still pretty new. I think there's a lot of efficiency work to be had, but it's stunning how easy it makes building GUIs. How do restaurant prices compare to grocery prices typically? Do folks tend to go out as often as they do in the US? They uh, could charge for the operating system if they wanted to recoup their costs. Or, they could have their app store with their 30% cut, and allow other app stores to be available. Google does this, it solves 99% of the problems available, and seems to be an OK balance. Apple totally disallows this, has a draconian policy, and does everything in their power to make sideloading borderline impossible - oh, and prevents sales of anything through apps, which makes things like the Kindle app useless. By your logic, your ISP ran all the lines, runs the service, services your modem, and should be allowed to determine exactly what websites you can and can not visit, and if it wants to charge you $50/month to go to Netflix.com then it can. Yes, they are running a gambit that their app is critical enough that Apple won't ban them. Given how many people use Netflix on their phones (a ton), that's a safe bet. Same gamble Spotify is doing and winning. The Ford Pinto Deluxe, a beautiful car for only $10k!∞•º ∞ Known to cause cancer in the state of California • This statement not evaluated by the FDA º Might spontaneously catch fire and explode in minor accidents It'll be half the price of the fancy American version, it'll be repairable in a cave with nothing more than basic welding equipment and every single country will make their own slightly modified version of it. Google has very public disclosure deadlines that they followed in this case. The patch was out, Google told people to update. Alternatively, Google could of let users continue running unpatched software until the 90 days expired... Source was down for me, here's the archive link: https://web.archive.org/web/20180828133125/https://www.ostec... The poor man's laser etched silicon? That is a real problem that I'm curious to see how Alphabet solves. In many areas of the country, the posted speed limit is often much lower than the realistic speed cars are going - following the letter of the law becomes unsafe behavior when you're going 15mph slower than everyone else. Of course, the answer here is probably the most boring: following the letter of the law ensures the least liability. I wish I could force people who break at merges to try merging with a line of parked cars. Leave a gap, keep a consistent speed. https://www.planetizen.com/news/2017/11/95695-raising-speed-... Flood insurance is a different program. No actual company is stupid enough to put money that a floodplain won't flood. Instead the federal government uses tax money to basically back insurance so that when, surprise, your floodplain floods, the insurance companies aren't actually losing money. As much as it'd be great to just point a finger and say "You should of known better!", houses are the bulk of most folks assets and the last thing we need is to turn a few small cities worth of people into homeless refugees. So realistically they'll get a bail out so they can at least recover somewhat. It will still be a loss for them, it'll be a loss to everyone who pays taxes, but it's still better then the alternatives. We shouldn't have unemployment, since people should just be saving enough money to make it through the hard times! People as ends, not means. It's not ok to leave people starving in the streets as an example to others. Fight for laws to restrict building in flood plains, but don't abandon the forlorn. Dated heavily through HS and college, got married my last semester of university and am still happily married. I have a few friends who are still in the dating game, and some who have gotten married recently as adults, so I'll try to fuse what I can: + Unless your goal is to hookup or just have fun, avoid dating apps. Dating apps are basically meat markets with a layer of social skills. Instead focus on engaging in activities that you really enjoy and meeting people through them - hiking, classic cinema, etc. Instead of judging purely on looks you'll have a chance to interact with possible partners and start with strong common ground. You'll also gain meaningful friendships this way which is beneficial in a lot of other ways. + Do focus on self improvement. Do active things (that are also enjoyable and fun), have a robust career, and seriously spend time introspecting your own personality and mind. Learn the finer points of manners, make sure to have spotless hygiene, and clean up your style. + Important note here - charisma, like everything else, can be studied and learned. I had terrible charisma until I spent time learning it. Ask a socially skilled confidant to (gently) critique your charisma and give you feedback. Consider taking something like improv if you do better in a classroom setting. + 60/40. 60% of your attention should be focused on your partner and their needs. You don't want to hog all the attention, but you also don't want to dote on them like some kind of clingy rescue animal. Given that people tend to be a little bit self biased, 60/40 tends to be a good split to keep in mind. Small gestures (filling their glass before yours, pulling chairs out for them, etc) go a very very long way. + Treat other people well, and treat other people personably. That is to say, treat others (whether it's a romantic partner or a random waiter) as if they are a good friend, and that you will see them quite frequently. I have worked on a lot of ugly rails apps that would of been infinitely less painful as a thin Sinatra app. Use the solution to fit your problem. Microframeworks for small composable problems. For some reason rails devs see it as the hammer for every nail, screw, bolt, pipe fitting and joint. Prepare properly. I bring a map and compass anytime I go out for a hike, even if it's a local trail that I know well. If I am going outside of cell coverage I bring a 2m radio (that requires your ham license but it is very easy to get). Tell someone where you are going and give them a check in time. Always bring a decent knife (within your local laws), a fire implement, and a decent medical kit. > a pillow isolates my left ear, while my right biceps isolates my right ear from sounds Have you experimented with any kind of ear plugs? I have really good hearing which makes falling asleep stressful if the house isn't otherwise quiet, even with white noise. I'd love to find a good set of ear plugs or ear muffs or something that can be worn to sleep. Like a sleep mask, but for your ears. I have friends, who are adults, who have never cooked. If I put them in my kitchen tomorrow and expected them to feed themselves, they'd be eating burned cereal and cold beans. Kids always have inherently less context in a situation. They'll get the context when you give it to them, but they just take a bit more time to ramp up. That doesn't mean you shouldn't teach them - since if you don't teach them now they won't magically know in a decade or two. What, you don't want arbitrary javascript payloads executing on that important legal contract with all your personal details on it? Look, I'm sure whatever underpaid secretary found that contract on the internet definitely audited any and all JS on it. Maybe instead we can have little badges called "Googs" that'll direct you to the AMP version of a website. Obviously, you'll need to pay the Google for this privilege. They'll make the design open source, but since their browser and Firefox will only support the official "Googs" implementation, oss versions will be dead from the start. Letting a commercial company define a breaking web standard change won't have any repercussions whatsoever. I use a knockoff Roomba from Eufy. The benefit of it is that it can run while I make dinner. I don't care if it's imperfect or takes forever - it's an improvement and I don't have to monitor it. Ours handles cat toys and random junk fairly well, usually doesn't eat cables and does surprisingly well on our hardwood floors. It also gets the lip under the cabinets that usually requires me to get the hand vac, which is nice. You're right, we should be totally OK with a company that makes profit off of us using 10 year old outdated security techniques - we wouldn't want to be rude. Imagine you went to an amusement park and saw the rides were being operated unsafely. No seatbelts, no safety protocols, no even making sure passengers were seated first. Do you stay quiet because after all, the teenager running the ride probably didn't invent the safety protocol? Sure, someone might get beheaded, but you don't want to be rude. > The security treadmill is hard for even the most modern tech companies to stay on That is nonsense. If you have the resources to track me across the web, hold vast amounts of my private information and profit off of me, you'd best damn invest in basic security practices like SSL and encryption at rest. If you don't have the in-team expertise, bring in a consultant. These aren't Mom & Pop ice cream shops, these are major international companies and banks - stop cheaping out on security to save a few pennies. My mother spent two months without a functional credit or debit card because her identity was stolen and it took a marathon of paperwork and disputes. Thank goodness she has family who was able to give her a sizeable amount of cash during that period. I suspect many are not so lucky. What about people fleeing abusive spouses or other folks who have a very real reason to keep things like their address under wraps? There was a training school that recently leaked the addresses of it's participants - several of whom were undercover police officers. Don't get me started on the OPM breach. Just because a breach doesn't affect you very much doesn't mean there aren't serious consequences. When every single business has horrendous amounts of information on me, any minor breach becomes a major problem. Federal law and state law are different. Federal law is like a system level policy, while state law is like application level policy. When state law explicitly allows things disallowed by federal law, things get a bit more confusing - local police follow state law, but federal departments like the DEA follow federal law. That's incorrect. Those states explicitly legalized the possession and consumption of marijuana. That legalization is in conflict with the federal prohibition - so consuming marijuana in those instances is not a state crime (any more then walking down the street or eating cake is) but might still be a federal crime in those cases where the federal government has the ability to charge you (interstate commerce). There's a difference between shaming a company because they didn't give orphans free food, and failing to secure the data they opted into collect. We have a duty to treat people as ends, but no such duty applies to companies nor their paid mouthpieces (during their duties). If the company didn't want the burden of security, then don't keep secured content. They opted in. I'm a javascript developer, and I agree heavily with this article. The web experience has gotten worse these past few years. I don't want a stupid autoplaying video following me around on the damned page. I don't want Facebook to track me endlessly and mastermind what I see. There are some really cool things the web has gained. WebRTC, ubiquitous web previews, and using mp4s to add cheap animation. I'm also glad Flash has finally been killed off. We should be focusing on providing well crafted, clean and slim experiences that are thoughtful and not bloated. Get rid of the 10+ trackers, the kitchen sink approaches, and all the cruft that isn't directly useful. At the same time, let's maybe not have a single entity own this slimmed down platform (AMP), but have it be the normal experience. There's another profit model on the web, and it usually involves the user just entering their credit card. Hell, it doesn't even need all of them to do that, just enough. I absolutely use services like Patreon to support artists who make all their work available for free. I tip open source projects (usually every time I install it on a new PC). I happily pay for decent email. Sites like Facebook and Twitter don't seem truly sustainable, and they aren't free. "If you are in the EU, you are not allowed to use this website." Pretty much the same solution for kids under 13 years of age (which is to say, they of course still do use these sites, they simply lie about it which shifts the burden...) So we've come full circle now yeah? Rebuilding desktop component sets in the web, to port our web apps to the desktop... This reads like it was written by someone terrified of even potentially offending others. A good trick if you have trouble striking up conversation or finding what to talk about: FORD - Family, Occupation, Recreation, Dreams. Once you have a conversation going, just let it flow of course - but it's a trick to get past the initial "hello" stage. Shame about bluntly discussing salary is one of the greatest tricks the rich have played on the poor. Family here should mean your immediate situation, eg if you're a bachelor, if you have 16 sons, or live with a bunch of friends in a haunted mansion. And you know, be proud of who you are. Some people spend 40 hours a week as a blood elf archer. As long as your work is in a private branch, you can go back and squash those WIP commits into a single descriptive commit. > generally not advisable to say "well I own a canoe that's painted up for duck hunting" when everyone else it talking about their yachts Why? The goal of most social conversations is to find a common thread, and if your commonality with this mustache twirling yacht owning theoretical is that you have a little canoe you enjoy taking duck hunting, then you at least have the beginnings of your thread. Wealth and it's presence or absence is not indicative of social or moral worth, nor is socializing about "besting" the other person with your knowledge of imported French brandy. You may well talk to the person for five minutes, get through the usual pleasantries, and find you have nothing at all in common and part ways - or you might both settle on talking about small game hunting. Has WASM become the new bittorrent/cryptocurrency/ML that's going to solve any and all problems? I think that's supposed to read as "Someone who votes differently than I do" That observatory is near a couple of bases. They likely want to fly some experimental aircraft and minimize the amount of specialized recording equipment in the area. I hate YAML with a passion - I understand the goals of the project but the whitespacing and awkward syntax is really just too frightfully painful on large configs. JSON by itself is definitely lacking in human friendliness. HJSON and JSON5 were both solutions I liked. TOML is good too, and HCL is ok - but they don't quite serve as that nice drop in replacement that HJSON offered. The current voting systems basically increment a number in a crappy unsecured database. These systems cost tens of thousands each, are the standard, and probably still too complicated for anybody in your local elections office to actually inspect. If you think switching this to a cryptographic proof of vote is somehow easy, or easier then moving to slices of dead trees and a pen, then it's time to put down the keyboard and go outside. Maybe you should try and visit a voting office sometime? This reads pretty distinctly like "Get off my lawn you damned kids with your attempts at decentralization!". ActivityPub is a pretty new protocol and what it looks like in the wild is still evolving - but it's clear it's filling different voids then RSS. Sure, you could probably force most of these cases with some hacked up RSS implementation, and I can also use a longsword to mow my lawn. I'm personally very excited to see what ActivityPub brings with it and projects like PeerTube show that it's an extremely capable protocol even if we're still learning how to best use it and implement it. As some one who usually hates on the blockchain, this actually sounds like a very reasonable use for it. It's a solid step up from the current system of embossed seals, the only potential pitfall it adds is some additional complexity (but I can very easily imagine platforms taking that on, ala DocuSign but for Notaries). My only concern is how this would fare out in an a court system that is constantly behind the times. As a user, I really like AMP. It converts terrible web experiences into non-terrible ones because it forcibly removes the rope for major websites to hang themselves with. As a developer, most of my concerns with AMP are with it being very Google centric and controlled - and the addition of Cloudflare didn't really solve those for me. Seeing AMP move to a TSC however does, and I really hope that it helps AMP become a globally adopted standard instead of a "Google thing". It's not delivery speed that I care about, it's "time to first paint". I want to read the damned news article, not wait for your crappy fonts to load and have to mute your autoplaying video nonsense. That's outright cult behavior in a very disturbing sense. Often cults operate as a way to cover for some verboten behavior - usually perpetrated by the founders - and use the cohesive group identity to prevent people from leaking whatever inappropriate behavior is occurring. AMP does some things to allow CSS fonts without letting them get out of scope and go insane. The GoPro is easy to mount, whether that's in a helmet mount while ziplining in Mexico, on a backpack strap while horse riding, or on a chest mount while hiking through a waterfall. The GoPro is quite waterproof and with the outer housing, can be used for some scuba situations - certainly safe for kayaking and whatnot. The GoPro is also simple to operate and can be operated with gloves on - which is important if you're trying to use it while snowboarding. This is ripe for a horror game (and maybe even partially inspired by one - Five Nights at Freddy's). Just imagine an oozing slime that turns ordinary crap into creepy robots intent on eating you. The experience most people have with the homeless is being harassed by the chronically homeless as they go on about their regular lives, especially downtown. I worked a block from a homeless shelter for a few years, and there was an overdose or knife fight a couple times per day, not to mention people shooting up drugs or shitting on sidewalks. It's great to hold a moral high ground, but at some point we need to connect with reality. There are people who are chronically homeless and certainly not moral guiding stars, and there are many more situationally homeless people who need help and are perfectly fine folks. You now have to have that location tracking permission to scan wifi SSIDs, and it came about because spammy data stealing apps were using SSID maps to get rough location. Not to say Google isn't evil because they certainly seem to be headed to hell while holding us in a hand basket, but this one is legit. > with no appreciation for what it takes to build robust failure-tolerant systems It's a risk aversion issue. Large software projects are horrendously difficult to get right, and managing airlines is a horrifically complicated kind of project. Fault tolerance aside, just correctly modeling the problem is a mess and by the time you have a correct solution, the problem itself may well have changed. So you end up having to throw a lot of resources at a very complex problem and know that you may entirely fail at it, which is not the kind of gamble execs love. Even if it is totally illegal, you're still going to go to court to fight it, and lawyers are expensive. Nobody sane is going to spend 30k+ going to trial on a side project. That's actually a very smooth website for a side project! Those are definitely already a thing, unfortunately. https://hackaday.com/tag/cell-site-simulator/ https://www.evilsocket.net/2016/03/31/how-to-build-your-own-... They could file the suit and then drop it last second. Most large companies have several lawyers on staff, so it's not really any additional cost. I think this is good advice... for larger companies with well established patterns. One of the issues of a startup is that the founders are breathing down your neck and often don't care a whole lot about "well designed software" (or want to overbuild mvp products). Standing up to management, building best practices, and being agile while still pushing back when needed against founders/sales isn't easy but it's something engineers in a startup environment have to deal with directly constantly. A larger company has more layers of management to, hopefully, help filter that out. Larger companies have best practices written down and figured out, CI/CD pipelines in place, etc. It gives newer engineers more opportunity to succeed in areas where they are strong, while letting them have mentorship in areas they are new to them. One of the hardest challenges of being an engineer, especially at senior levels, is protecting your peers from bureaucracy - but it is a doable challenge. A corporate structure is like any other social structure and it can be navigated and changed over time with persistent work and buy in from the bottom up. That being said, larger corporations do have more structure because they don't want you to repeat the mistakes of the past. That can obviously go too far, but if any constraint becomes "You're limiting my creative expression!" then you've missed the goal. "I'm not holding you hostage and demanding $20k, you can instead just give me your first born child!" Holy crap does anybody actually think that's remotely acceptable behavior? I get better support on discounted Chinese routers I've bought in back alleys - they at least put out their patches for free. My suitcase doesn't contain: + Communications with my lawyer + My private health information + My detailed financial information + My communications with significant others which may be of various degrees of sfw + My work files, including proprietary or secret information Any of those things would absolutely require a warrant, and may even require a specialized warrant in some cases (communications with my lawyer, health information). In most countries, border security isn't entirely free to run rampant over your basic freedoms. Privileged communications (eg client/attorney) is an extremely important basic bastion of freedom and law, and violating that (which in this case seems incidental, not intentional) is a mockery. Sure, any country is welcome to violate that norm, just the same as any country is welcome to force it's people in labor camps for insulting Dearest Leader. The rest of the world is also welcome to respond appropriately. And understanding how different technologies work will help you build expertise in future ones more easily. Technologies are not usually born out of thin air, they inherit approaches from earlier ones. Several phone carriers have free anti-spam settings you can enable. The one for t-mobile has been pretty solid. Err, is corn not a vegetable? > Complexity is a weak argument I see you've never tried to upgrade a running kubernetes cluster or been in an on call schedule for one. It's a new technology that is still maturing but it has a lot of moving parts all of which require a fair bit of understanding and which change on a regular basis. Hell, just a few months ago the ACM agent totally got rewritten and now you have a choice between alpha software or a deprecated project! That is how reviews work, yes. When I buy $5 headphones for the gym, I'm happy they generally don't have static and seem to work. If I buy $200 headphones for the office, I'm going to complain if the 13khz range is a bit muddy. Likewise, I'm happy when my $40 bookshelf doesn't fall over, but I expect more from a $400 bookshelf. "Good faith" and by extension "bad faith" are quasi-legal terms. To do business in good faith is to act by the letter and spirit of terms without an intention of attempting to defraud. As I understand it, someone who acts in Good faith usually has more leniency then someone who acts in bad faith. For instance, I had a friend who upon leaving an apartment building was charged several hundred dollars for maintenance having to replace lightbulbs - she disputed the debt, but the apartment complex attempted to charge her interest on it during the dispute. Because the apartment complex acted in bad faith, not only was the debt canceled, but the apartment complex had to pay out additional damages to her. A business should act on good faith. That doesn't mean not having legal agreements or being naive, it means following the letter and spirit of laws. You might be able to technically trick someone into letting you steal their open source contributions and sell them, but that would be bad faith. Wikipedia explains it this way: "In contract law, the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing is a general presumption that the parties to a contract will deal with each other honestly, fairly, and in good faith, so as to not destroy the right of the other party or parties to receive the benefits of the contract. It is implied in every contract in order to reinforce the express covenants or promises of the contract. A lawsuit (or a cause of action) based upon the breach of the covenant may arise when one party to the contract attempts to claim the benefit of a technical excuse for breaching the contract, or when he or she uses specific contractual terms in isolation in order to refuse to perform his or her contractual obligations, despite the general circumstances and understandings between the parties. When a court or triar or fact interprets a contract, there is always an "implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing" in every written agreement.[1]" - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_faith_(law) I won't contribute to any open source project with a CLA - which has been a shame for a few open source projects. I caught a serious security vulnerability in one project including them openly posting admin secrets - and privately contacted and let them know, appropriately - only to get back a response of "Can you sign our CLA and help us fix this?". I politely told them I don't do CLAs. I checked a few weeks later and the passwords were still posted. "You wouldn't steal a car..." Atlas is built to form a registered Delaware Corp with an agent and a corporate bank account in the US. If your goal is to be acquired or go the traditional startup route then it's perfect. If you just want to roll a new entity for legal/financial protection it is akin to combating mosquitos with a grenade. If you just want some legal/financial protection, most countries have a simplified way to form a basic company (in the US it's LLC) that you can easily file for yourself, and usually the taxes are easier then say a C corp. Atlas was designed to correctly setup a company to become acquired or go public. You simply don't need those features and the complexity included on the cap table, taxes, etc. I agree entirely. Microservices have advantages but they also bring along severe complexity. Many problems can be cleanly modeled as a monolith - and they should be. No architecture pattern is immune to abuse. No architectual pattern can survive a lack of maintenance and grooming. Sprawling microservices written in a dozen different languages can be worse then a mangled monolith. A few things I notice: + Nobody making food is wearing gloves or hair nets (aside from the one guy making cheese). That's probably not a requirement, but given the amount of food being made and how bad even minor contamination would be, that surprises me. + Any large food operation is going to require a lot of sanitation/cleanliness. They also mention they don't use "anything not natural". I wonder if that extends to bleach and commercial cleaners. + $150 for a discretionary fund to cover cellphone and a car is nothing. That won't cover a single car breakdown. + I wonder how well they will handle a serious medical cost. One person with an autoimmune disease will easily wipe out their cash on hand - as will a chainsaw accident. It's an interesting thing to follow, but I'm happy to be merely an observer. It seems like everyone in the community does a lot of manual labor, and it's really hard to get a ton of calories from a vegan diet especially when you need to feed 73 people. Dairy and meat are calorie and nutrient dense. There are some fruits/vegetables/nuts that are as well of course, but it sounds like they mostly sell their nut butters. > And then, there’s is often nothing I can tell people to make them afraid. You need only to send your friend an email: "Steve, Please remember to bring the poison and knife tonight when you meet me under the bridge at 12am at 1st and Congress. I will meet you there with the cocaine and unmarked bills. I appreciate your help in this matter, and suspect Bob will not see it coming." And if your main dynamic features are things like handling forms or an occasional db call on the backend, this isn't a bad approach. It's cheaper and less maintenance generally for a lot of simple cases, but obviously won't apply to all cases equally well. The chance of salmonella in a dozen eggs is quite low. The chance of it in 300+ eggs is quite a bit more - even with impeccable personal cleanliness. Likewise, if I got a bit of salmonella in something I made, it would affect me and my wife - which would be unfortunate but, that's it. If a commercial kitchen making food for 73 people gets an egg contaminated with salmonella and then spreads that to all the other dishes it's making... well, that's quite a different problem. I also know that I wash my hands, and I sanitize every cooking surface in my kitchen daily (or more often). A kitchen with 6+ full time cooks and 70 some people helping themselves to snacks is liable to much more tracked in dirt, unwashed hands, and badly washed dishes. One of the things I do is infuse alcohols, often in bulk for gifts. When I do this, my sanitation protocol actually changes - I pre-sanitize every vessel using bleach, and I often times do wear gloves if I'm touching anything directly. Consider this: If you had a small cut on your hand, would you wear gloves before making yourself lunch? What if it was a stranger with a cough making your lunch, would you want them to wear gloves? https://www.thespruceeats.com/how-to-infuse-spirits-760696 If you're using a high proof liquor you typically don't need to pre-sanitize, but I typically do. You can either boil the jar for 5 minutes (timed) or rinse with bleach. The more finely cut the fruit is, the more flavor will be absorbed. I usually let them age for a minimum of 2 months, but up to 6 is preferred. Make sure to use ball jars with fresh wax seals and seal them while hot - once cooled, the lid should have a bit of flex to let you know the seal is unbroken. Make sure to mark contents and date on each one. Eggs, chicken, pork, even flour can be contaminated - Chipotle (a popular US fast-ish food chain) had woes upon woes until they finally gave it and started pasteurizing their flour. Dairy and meat are more susceptible of course, but even dry ingredients can come with contamination problems. Vinegar is a decent cleaner. I use it quite a bit myself, but it's not the best choice to clean up after raw meats and some other more aggressive bacteria. You may have a good immune system, and not run into any problems - good for you, I'm glad - but that is not going to be the case for any large group of people. > Lactic acid bacteria and yeasts do an excellent job of preservation Preservation is not sanitation. Yeast will feed off of many things and grow, but it won't typically attack germs or viruses. Those germs will however gladly feed off of the same food you're giving the yeast. This is why aggressively sanitizing any fermenting vessel is so important - you're creating the ideal environments for bacteria to grow and you want to make sure it's only your selected bacteria that are growing. > Keep in mind this is how society was for a long time. That is a myth and falsehood. The work week for the average person going back thousands of years was 60+ hours. There was no vacation or sick leave. Sure, if you had a small cottage industry you might be able to ask a family member to do extra work for a day so you can rest, but for most of history children were pressed into labor at ages 8 - 10. > People who abandon everything to live in a commune take personal interest in caring for one another Then they should practice good sanitation and cleanliness. I'm not saying they shouldn't live in a commune, or that they're bad people - I'm saying they are not correctly practicing what we've learned in 10,000+ years of handling food stuffs for a community. If you care for your friend/neighbor/fellow commune-peer, then take a moment to wear gloves and a hair net so you don't get them sick. Should we run them through the censor as well? Just because your beliefs conflict with the outcome of a study or you don't like it's author's gender isn't reason to strike it from the record. Stating there is or is not any difference in brains based on gender seems an exceptionally hard fiat statement to make at all. Brains are complicated. Doesn't that run the risk that content is then "optimized" only for those Western eyeballs? That's not quite right. Remember that grouped numbers count as a singular number within some limits. For example, if I was trying to remember a phone number in my working set: 1-2-3 4-5-6 7-8-9-0 that would be too large, but if I group the numbers: 12-3 45-6 78-90 then now it fits. Of course, most adults will remember that number like this: 123 456 78-90 When you're multiplying large numbers you only need around 5 or 6 items. Emphasis added: > provide network content or any other services to anyone outside of your Premises local area network I'm not sure if Verizon has the same intention, but if they take their own wording exceptionally strict, you would be in the wrong whenever you play a multiplayer game and end up being the host. Generally in my own experience they don't want you hosting a service opened to the general public running all the time. I think running an open mail relay would get you banned very quick. It seems like this product is intended to be used purely for yourself. Can AWS be non-neutral? Sure, legally and even ethically, that's fine. If AWS is non-neutral, will that hurt their ability to attract clients? Absolutely. I'm the first one in line to abolish ICE, but if AWS starts kicking people they don't like off of AWS I'll also be the first one to stop using it. Sure, we agree on ICE, what about companies that make violent video games? Companies that make firearm accessories? ICE has a weird history going back a long time. They've inked a lot of warrants for.. software piracy, actually. Yeah, not across borders, not like involving immigrants, just, ye olde plain jane software piracy. Note that I'm not saying we should be getting rid of Customs and Border Patrol, nor am I saying anything crazy like we shouldn't have borders. The problem with ICE is that they're a weird pet agency under DHS that has a lot of power, minimal oversight, and a history of abusing their power. They also do some exceptionally terrible things like snatching immigrants from courtrooms instead of you know, using local police forces like they should. "All things are poison, and nothing is without poison, the dosage alone makes it so a thing is not a poison." - Paracelsus Think about the amount of green tea (the plant) that you actually consume in a cup of tea. Even if it's loose tea and you've done a sloppy job, perhaps a few granules. Now imagine popping a couple of capsules packed with the stuff every day. All of a sudden your intake of something has spiked a few hundred times. It could be cinnamon and you'd have health consequences. Right, because dead people pay such awesome tax rates. Clearly this is the fault of those nameless multi-national corporations who are gleefully clasping their hands while laughing madly. Obviously these drug addicts having major problems and injecting themselves with illegally acquired, addictive drugs is exactly the same as bombing innocent people, and we should retaliate by having the marines storm the lobby of Pfizer. Screens are cheap. Sure a tablet is a few hundred dollars, but figure it's a hand me down from a relative, and it can entertain a kid for thousands of hours with minimal effort. Meanwhile, keeping a kid off a screen and giving them other activities is expensive, in parental time if not direct cost. I don't know if it's education directly, or income, or anything else because those are all correlation. If I had to guess, and this is a guess, is that the deciding factor is whether parents have decided their kids are simply a cost (something to be fed, entertained, educated, etc) or an investment. When a kid always wants your attention, and you view them simply as a consumer, it's easy to just hand them a digital device and ask them to get lost. It's much more work to sit down with them and play a game or read together. The main concern is that it hurts socialization, which is actually a really important skill. I don't think there's anything wrong with screen time, especially if it's productive time for the person using the screen (adult or kid). The issue is like anything - when that screen time is so great it chokes out other activities like socializing or fitness. If you presented the post-hoc changed contract as binding, I believe so. If you presented the post-hoc changed contract back to IBM and went "Hey, do you agree to an updated contract?" then you'd probably be laughed out of their office, but that's not a crime to ask them to update a contract. Given the rise of asics and other specialized high performance hardware, that seems a hard statement to make. I doubt anyone is doing it currently, but given enough time it will certainly be possible. I guess that's one way to stand behind your products? I question the size of the market for this kind of thing. You might wear one if you're paranoid or an undercover cop, but otherwise who, exactly, would wear this? If you're on a range, an actual vest isn't out of place, likewise for actual security or guard duty. If you feel the need to wear armor every day and can't openly wear a ballistic vest, you might want to consider moving. Nobody is compelled to take methamphetamines or heroin, especially not the first time. Yes, physical addiction is a beastly problem beyond simply quitting cold turkey - but you sort of put yourself in that boat to begin with. It's a bit like not knowing how to swim, and deciding to jump into the ocean. If you don't know how to swim, don't jump in the ocean. Except most people know that heroin isn't like candy. The side effects and consequences of snorting a few lines of cocaine isn't some secret. Well done. Point proven. But I could see it being useful if you aren't the kidnapping target but others around you are - getting hit by a stray round seems like an unfortunate way to die. Rifle rounds pack a whole lot more power than 9mm, the flip side is that 9mm is very common. One of the original inventors of the second chance vests shot himself with a .357 point blank in front of an audience and walked away: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwBLL7Z3OvU That seems like a correlation argument. I'm sure at least 86% of those users had also been exposed to cell phones and sugar. Even if that correlation shows causation, that's a big jump to: > What if they're being intentionally coerced by pharma? These are brownies, but they happen to contain a bit of horse shit. Not a lot, it's just like a tiny sprinkling on top, but they are definitely still brownies! You can't make a substantive change to a license and pretend it's a small deal. You can't hijack core tenants of a license, and then just put a little disclaimer at the bottom. "Buy one get one half off! *The one half off is actually just a plastic model and doesn't do anything" Abusing FOSS licenses to try and control your users software while still using their claim strikes me as pretty bad faith. If you want to use a dual license, that's fine - just do that. "Hey, you can use this for free if you don't make any money, but we want 10% if you're using this in a paid product" -> See? Done, easy, nobody upset. Don't pretend "Hey, this is open source, except it isn't, and please give me your money." If you want to publish open source and not have cloud companies use it for their own profit without contributing back, there's a license for that called the GPL. If you want to write software and get paid for it, then ask for money for your software instead of handing it out as open source then changing your mind once it's popular. In common parlance that's called a bait and switch. Mongo and PG are not quite alternatives. That make different kinds of consistency promises. One FOSS alternative to Mongo that offers similar consistency behaviors is RethinkDB. An alternative to Redis if you don't need persistence is plain old Memcache. I have a usb c jack on my Android and haven't had any lint woes. chopsticks are useful too, especially when you can't easily wash your hands and want to eat something a bit messy, but they only work for food well cut up in advance... I'd imagine an enemy combatant would be using camouflage unlike a a lost hiker who would want to be found. To bolster your point, even if my clothes are drab, I probably have a brightly colored buff or bandana on me intentionally if only to be easier to spot through the woods by fellow hikers. Likewise a fair bit of my gear is in flavors of "rescue orange". I've solved many difficult problems sleeping or showering. > inevitably other people will jump up and say (in essence) "Well, that isn't true for me and you are evil and bad and wrong for saying this is true for women generally and you don't represent me!!!!!" type nonsense. Your detractors are engaging in the No True Scotsman fallacy. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_true_Scotsman One of the issues is that identity is, for most, a very emotional construct and anything which threatens that will illicit an emotional threat response - anger, lashing out, attacking. The best response is to, as much as possible, simply ignore those responses and continue doing what you'd like to do - the same as researchers will hopefully continue to do. In old adage form - "You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them drink." As one of my peers noticed one time: "I can't solve other peoples problems for them, but I can choose to leave them out of my life when they refuse to solve their own issues." > the wrong perspective for shaping society Who says I want your shape for my society? > The correct and highest thing to optimize for is not the maximization of free speech, but the minimization of suffering. Why should we minimize suffering? Should we get rid of all pointed knives and force the world to eat their steak with plastic cutlery? Then again, steak causes it's own suffering, maybe we should feed the world with baby food. What does it mean to suffer? Is losing a sparring match suffering? Is coming in last place in a race suffering? What about when someone calls me ugly or fat? What if someone really doesn't care for cats? Why do you have some special right to design my world? What if instead I got to design yours? > I don't care what you want. I hope you have sufficient force to back up your desires then. The problem with any attempt at Utopia is that it becomes fascism, and fascism can only be maintained by force - which means suffering. Force is always met with force. > why would this be better than me simply burying his naked body in the forest somewhere If he's not embalmed? Not much. If you embalm him first? A whole lot of time. It has everything to do with the story because it shows that most copyright claims are done in absolute bad faith and consumers are given no real tools to defend themselves. Right now for the majority of people who get a DMCA, there is nothing they can do. There is no functional appeals process, there is no office in charge of handling bad DMCAs. Shy of actually going to court with a lawyer and attempting a suit, if a company files a bogus DMCA then you are boned. That is an abortion of free speech and property rights, and the Swartz case is a perfect example of that. Most of the papers Swartz obtained were supposed to belong to the public, and yet he was sued into oblivion for DOING NOTHING ILLEGAL. He had no counterclaim short of going to full court with lawyers, something entirely out of his grasp and reach, and because he felt he had no alternatives to having his life ruined, he committed suicide. It's not a farcical tragedy, it's a flipping shame for the human race. edit - language > I am pretty upset that my Samsung ~$1200 TV has ads built into it. Welp, never buying a Samsung TV. You already do, it's called your knuckles. > we feel really great and really strongly about the value that Amazon Rekognition is providing our customers of all sizes and all types of industries in law enforcement Translation: "We are making so much money that we have entirely sold our ethics and will continue doing whatever makes us more money." My only semi joking answer has been to hire a personal trainer and follow John Cena's workout regiment in an attempt to get truly sculpted - while I hit the gym frequently now, making it my job would let me get some awesome results. Alternatively, I would take a hardcore tech break. Rent out a cabin in a remote area and just relax, write and hike all day. Maybe pick archery back up. From what I can find, the original survivor had a child and seems to have a functional adult life. Not to say there weren't side effects (and it seems like she was in therapy for several months), but she seems to have a normal enough life. According to a source I've found, it seems there are at least 5 known survivors thanks to the Milwaukee protocol: http://outbreaknewstoday.com/rabies-survivor-milwaukee-proto... An NCBI article claims 13: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4947331/ This NCBI article claims 13: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4947331/ Sources? Anything I've found seems to indicate survivors have gone to have kids and reasonably functional lives - not side effect free, but not by any means worse than death. How painful of a series was it? What was the time between injections? Is your setup documented anywhere? I'd be interested in seeing those schematics and code. You could always mount some of those fire extinguisher balls over the printers - no need for fancy electronics. Might ruin the printer though... I would obtain a full copy of the copyright laws, ask your lawyer to put them on legal paperhead in a PDF, then attach them in full to your email. What is interesting about these posts is how diffuse the messages are - it's more about causing divisions then pushing any single cause. > the first task for the police is to protect innocent civilians The first task for police is to keep crime reduced. Notice the police don't usually arrive until after a crime has happened. Not to say they won't genuinely do their best to help you, but that isn't their job. Their job is to keep crime down. The only person responsible for your safety and protection is yourself. > Even if it causes harm to the policemen themselves A fair bit of cops get killed in the line of duty. A lot more are "lucky" and only get injured - that might mean losing an eye, permanent spinal cord injuries, or just losing a few fingers or toes. Sucks to be the police officer, also sucks to be their family. Cops deal with the worst of the worst on a daily basis - the rapists, the murderers, the drug dealers - and they have to constantly make life and death decisions. Is that junkie reaching into their pocket to grab their ID or a used needle to stab you with? Would you take a bullet for a serial rapist or a spouse abuser? It's easy to cast stones. It's a lot harder to be the one driving up to a potential hostage situation where innocent lives may depend on you. Sure, it might be a prank - or it could absolutely be a barricaded suspect with innocent family inside the house with them. You're arguing semantics in a non-cooperative way. I had to re-read your first sentence five or six times to glean the meaningful difference. It's unfortunately put you in the camp of either trying to make a moving target argument, or dismissing your peers as children - neither of which is a positive end. Like with anything, you have to pick what the likely scenario should be and build to it. You can build a nuclear power plant to resist 40ft high swells and still get a 50ft swell and be powerless. Obviously more protected is better, but also more expensive (which makes housing less available and affordable, etc). The recurrent nature of the problem suggests to me that the code may be too lax currently, and that the solutions are non-trivial: likely major work for existing homes (from a homeowner perspective, forest management may be able to do more). Here is how this always goes for me: 1. Initial convo, things seem interesting, no salary details from recruiter, lots of questions about how much I make 2. They ask me to sign an NDA, a bunch of other paperwork, and spend a bunch of time in meetings doing dumb whiteboard questions 3. "You're amazing! Can we hire you for 50k below market? It's totally worth it, we have a $200 xbox that you can stare at while you work 60 hour weeks trying to fix our abortion of a product!" So, unfortunately, my rules have become: + Salary range upfront. If you can't give me a number, I can't give you the time of day. + No NDAs or other BS unless you give me the $600 for my lawyer to go over it. Protip, my lawyer is going to reject it. + You get one day of whiteboarding/whatever. I don't do follow up visits. I don't do "projects" or "homework". I'm not implementing the twitter api for you. Sorry, spent too many days doing projects for free. I'm sure you'll be able to fill out a form and get an email a day later, "We're sorry, we've reviewed your case but have decided against you (because we have no reason to ever take any risk)" The DMCA is a shining example of just how well these appeals processes work... Yes, I use aggregators so I don't fall victim (as easily) to echochambers of my own design. All sources are biased, but at least you can hopefully get some idea of the truth by reading differently biased sources. > It's very possible that only government regulation which forces participation (such as the link tax) can actually work. Why don't we just make Google give every news org a few million a year then? Why pretend it's anything else but Google directly paying for the news? Side point, if news subscriptions were reasonably priced (upfront pricing, and billed monthly instead of this odd weekly nonsense), they would probably not care at all about Google.