Hi all, I wrote this in my spare time, originally aimed at the American Competitive Policy Debate community (though it's applicable to anyone) - some notes. 1. No one seems to have made anything like this (queryable, word level extractive summarization) , and I was pissed because when I was doing competitive debate I really wanted this tool (I spent days doing this stupud underlining and highlighting of evidence that I'd like back). 2. This is also equivalent to a "Semantic Search" engine. I've seriously thought of trying to write a word2vec powered ctrl-F replacement for a web-browser. I'm convinced that CX_DB8 is proof that this could be neat. 3. While my idea of making a tool that can make any document "say what I want it to say" was cool, the reality is that it's kinda hard to make it look like a document says the opposite of what it naturally says. To a word vector model, "X is bad" and "X is good" are usually very similar, meaning that the summaries given for each query are very similar. 4. Is there anything I could improve? I feel like there's gotta be something better than Cosine Similarity and mean pooling for the creation of document vectors out of word vectors. I saw something implying that TF-IDF weighting doesn't help - which sucks - so I'm skeptical. Thank you to all the people who contributed the packages that makes CX_DB8 possible Reposting because even though I got 0 upvotes on the last post, github insights shows that a TON of people saw this via HN - and I got an additional 10 github stars after I posted this. Ugh Lurkers Hi all, I wrote this in my spare time, originally aimed at the American Competitive Policy Debate community (though it's applicable to anyone) - some notes. 1. No one seems to have made anything like this (queryable, word level extractive summarization) , and I was pissed because when I was doing competitive debate I really wanted this tool (I spent days doing this stupud underlining and highlighting of evidence that I'd like back). 2. This is also equivalent to a "Semantic Search" engine. I've seriously thought of trying to write a word2vec powered ctrl-F replacement for a web-browser. I'm convinced that CX_DB8 is proof that this could be neat. 3. While my idea of making a tool that can make any document "say what I want it to say" was cool, the reality is that it's kinda hard to make it look like a document says the opposite of what it naturally says. To a word vector model, "X is bad" and "X is good" are usually very similar, meaning that the summaries given for each query are very similar. 4. Is there anything I could improve? I feel like there's gotta be something better than Cosine Similarity and mean pooling for the creation of document vectors out of word vectors. I saw something implying that TF-IDF weighting doesn't help - which sucks - so I'm skeptical. Thank you to all the people who contributed the packages that makes CX_DB8 possible Pretty sure that Python has a larger total ecosystem of packages than R. What you describe is not postmodernism. Antinatalism is certainly not nihilism. You seem to be confused The term used for this by philsophers at least after hegel is "the dialectic". I've always thought that many philsophers uncritical acceptance of a dialectical process within the world was absurd. I am happy to see some evidence from science indicating this to be the case. Einstein was explicitly anti stalinist and advocates globalism in his work "Why Socialism" You can read it online A right, even and especially a positive right, is strictly always a curtailment of some form of freedom. The "right to life" means that no one has the freedom to kill you arbitrarily. The right to health care means that the market is not free to deny you health care. The right to freedom of religion means that the religious must make do without your religious donation. The NAP is literally impossible to not break over even the most trivial of things and if you seriously believe in it or similar you're far more ignorant than the person you accuse. I can buy Android phones that do nothing to stop me from rooting them or unlocking the boot loader (OnePlus). I have to fight Apple for root access, and frequently I will lose. You can do anything on an Android phone that requires root access. None of that is possible on iPhone unless it's been out for quite awhile. I bet he can do that more effectively on his DIY build than a top of the line Mac Pro can. Hell, he can put a faster Xeon in for half of the price and already beat it on whatever the Xeon would beat an I7 in. Lol it's both. Men don't get pregnant Most antinatalists reject rationalism. No, not "rationality", "rationalism" as a philosophical position How can one be a rational trader without an effecient market? Books are cooked and I'm sure that Boeing spent more on "lobbying" or "lobbying and backroom deals" than 15 million. Id expect a difference of at least a factor of 10 but it's not easy to prove as they have a vested interest to keep that money out of the public eye. Heidigger isn't worth reading by anyone of any age. He's one of the OG Charlatans before DnG and Lacan beat him out Egoism is not bad - it's inevitable. Abrahamic values teach this literal self-hatred and "humans as innately evil" line but it has no basis in reality. See the work of Max Stirner on a rehabilitation of egoism and why a union of egoists (differing from a society only in the voluntary nature of the association) isn't synonymous with "egoistic psudo-individualism" It's like the franco-prussian war and German unification just didn't happen! Have you ever asked yourself why France was so willing to fight Germany? Progressive Dems like Bernie Sanders are considerably less friendly to mass surveillance than centerist Dems like Obama. Bernie votes against the Patriot act every time. You can elect people who will fight it. Folks just don't want too because it might involve pot getting legalized and "socialism" Between this and the UMAP paper on cancer publishing in Nature, I'm convinced that my next publication will be in the sample place that Isaac Newton published in Wait, how is K-NN harder to implement than a perception... Even in hardware? What about linear regression? What about decision trees? What about naive Bayes? I like attacking academics for careerism as much as the next guy (and especially in the context of the strange embrasure of post modernist authors) but they straight up aren't even talking about the worst form of this yet. The French authors listed at least had a sembalance of value from their works. Hell, I'd highly recommend everything Arendt wrote and Derrida wrote at least one good book on the Marx/Stirner rivalry. Plus if you're getting a philosophy degree you basically need to read everyone on that list (okay maybe exclude Foucault cus he says some dumb and anti-historical shit about leprosy) But this piece failed to really get at the heart of Charlatanism. What really scares me are the "academics" who unironically believe in psychoanalysis today. It's not just for fashion - it's pure lunancy. These are your "lacanians". Try reading Lacan, or Deleuze and Guattari and you will see a whole level of bullshit one wouldn't even imagine possible. Seriously the story of Jacques Lacan and his popularity today among academics should scare you. Hit me up when this competes with tabNine Foucault's only half decent book was discipline and punish (where the panopticon chapter is in) but if you actually read him (or open up any of DnGs anti-oedipus) you will see very rapidly why you had to have a secondary source understand them. It's because modern people don't read Charlatan authors as much as Foucault did. Foucault is a terrible historographer and no amount of writing against "metanarratives" or "totalizing descriptions of history" saves him from this "Deconstruction" is not what I critique. I critique people who unironically stlll believe in the powers of psychoanalysis. DnG don't get a pass for inventing schozoanalysis - it's way worse! This is exactly why the term for what this article is criticising is "Critical Theory". Leftist postmodernists are damn good at critiquing things, and calling out why one should reject a mainstream position. Of course, they forgot that the seductive belief in rationalism - specifically in the claim that some human recognize reality more correctly than others (and education is what separates the wrong from the correct) - is most likely the beginning of every from of hierarchy and oppression that they critique. Why is it that Foucault - an author who writes all about how shitty schools are - is required reading in many undergraduate classes? If he saw people being graded for regurgitating his ideas, he'd be spinning in his grave! The Academy is where critical theory goes to be neutered. And it must be, as it would be too subversive without tenured academics to keep the proles from direct action. No you don't. Lay-people offer great criticism against "language" without knowing the "language of critique". I don't need to say "Your epistemology is built upon a reductionist and totalizing conception of the self". I can say "There is no all-knowable truth in the world if there is no directly identifiable self" Fourth option, and one that may seriously be advocated by Anti-natalists, is a "pro-death" view which would advocate for as many abortions as possible because all life invokes harm and on balance the ethical harm of even a small amount of suffering outweighs the ethical good of the pleasure of enjoyment - leading to the attempt to create a "benevolent end of the world" through not having children. The only reason that the person before you didn't include this view is because its outside of their overton window. "maybe if academics churned out more philosophy that spoke to the concerns of real people Peterson would have less of an audience" Someone did. His name is Wittgenstein. Folks just don't read him. Also, real people def experience existential dread. Camus and Sartre are great reads for trying to come to terms with the possibility of infinite (but some infinities are larger than others!) freedom Real people experience oppression, which is why most of the "postmodern neo-marxists" care so much about stopping it. Real people experience ethical dilemmas, and would find a lot of utility in exploring the thoughts of Kant, JSM, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Arendt. Out of those, Kant is the only one whose sort of difficult to understand without knowing the jargon. Really this article is about how terrible contemporary French Philosophy given that the useless jargon seems only to be in their works (since Hegel anyway) There's entire books written which contradict every point you've brought up. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Structure_of_Scientific_Re... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Against_Method https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proofs_and_Refutations https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imre_Lakatos https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ego_and_Its_Own (his stuff on epistemology not the rest) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demarcation_problem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Is%E2%80%93ought_problem Uhhhhh??????? Unsupervised learning is totally a thing! Word embedding models are achieving STOA results on massive unlabeled corpuses . That's what's powering most of the new results in NLP. Clustering and Dimensionality Reduction folks just sitting here thrown out to dry too... This is plain wrong. https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.04938 A simple counter-example. A really neat library called "eli5" and specifically, it's white-boxing functionality for NLP and CV applications does a great job of helping one figure out if their model is learning "incorrect" information in its prediction pipeline. The paper I link show why this does a good job of improving user trust in models, which is your second point on human-computer interaction https://eli5.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/black-box-te... For instance, one can run the same TextExplainer algorithm on a word embedding powered model, which encodes its features in some N dimensional space that doesn't correspond to anything that a human understands directly. TextExplainer can reverse engineer which words were most important for a classifier predicting x sample in y class, when this would otherwise be difficult to do (as is the case for basically all state of the art NLP models) All you need to do is comb through your models erroneous predictions with Textexplainer and you can figure out what "incorrect" information is being learned. I found out this way that punctuation is pretty bad for generalizable NLP, and should be preprocessed out in most circumstances. I can take the really simple vizualizations and show them to managers and suits to justify why a model was wrong somewhere. This is value gained from interpretability This absolutely is an interpretability technique which actually helps people achieve a task they care about. The only cavet of this method is that the white-box model which immitates the black-box model isn't 100% accurate, but its accuracy is a hyper-paramater. PS. If you look into who the developers of eli5 are - it's an agency which takes money from DARPA and works with sigint agencies. Eli5 and text-explainer can work on any type of black-box model. Spooks want to crack open the models. That should be your signal that there's valuable information to be gained from interpretable machine learning. Lain from the hit anime, "Serial experiments lain" used lisp when she coded The connection is apparent to everyone else reading. 1. Most neural network architectures have fewer "neurons" than 10^5. Maybe the word you are looking for is "parameters" 2. A neuron in the brain and a neuron in a neural network are totally different things. It's nice to see folks becoming aware of negative utilitarianism. This just in - Science gives evidence for a Jainist world-view! Topic models are going to get blown the hell out by UMAP and other manifold based dimensionality reduction algorithms Re: promising results Yes, there have been. https://github.com/lmcinnes/umap_paper_notebooks The author of UMAP shows impressive results with 3 million word vectors For dealing with multiple meanings, It's already been done. Sense2vec resolves most of these issues and a wordnet integrated version of word2vec or the newer "XLNet" would be state of the art by a long shot but no one seems to want to implement it so the world waits longer for good NLP models I guess... You'll find that if you run UMAP on a large corpus (the same size as your original word embeddings), the ones it'll generate (especially if you feed it any labels as UMAP supports semi-supervised and supervised dimensionality reduction) should outperform those generated I'd even wager by modern transformers. if they don't, than they'll be like 2% worse for a lot of speed improvement on the currently single threaded implementation of UMAP Oh and you can use UMAP to concat tons of vector models together and all other side data for super-loaded embeddings Has the author made sure he's using the exact same set of word embeddings as utilized by the authors of that paper? Are they trained on exactly the same corpus with the same parameters? Do the md5 hashes match? This could be cheating... Or it could be a case of model mismatch. I'm left without a clear reason to prefer one explanation over the other. I wrote a tool for this called CX_DB8. It's better than any other "TextRank" based extractive summarizer in that it utilizes the latest in word embeddings, and supports queryability. Furthermore, it is the only word-level extractive summarizer to support all of this. Mostly aimed at the competitive debate community but anyone can use it. https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 Hopefully you'll see my paper about this in EMNLP 2019 System Demos... Shameless self plug, but for anyone interested in the SOTA of extractive text summarization, I wrote a tool for this which allows for folks to use any type of word embeddings to run a modified queryable text rank on. This leads to SOTA text extraction. https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 CX_DB8 also supports word and sentence level extraction. I plan on adding paragraph extraction in a future update. My github name is "Hellisotherpeople" which ideally would be lengthened as "Hell is other peoples code". Yet, I like the alternative variation in the title of the article Why isn't this being used heavily in other NLP frameworks? All the newest Language Models seem to be throwing more compute at transformer models instead of moving away from Euclidean Space. 1. Most French Intellectuals at the time supported this. You'll have to disvow basically most of Critical Theory if you don't like frenchies who want to remove the age of consent. 2. More importantly, all of this is totally unrelated to the point made by the previous poster. Idea: My model takes in documents from the user using Standard Input - Then the model classifies, explains why it classified the way it did, and asks the user if the predicted label is the ground truth or not. User supplies the ground truth, the model incrementally trains on the new example, and that new example (with human supplied label) is appended to my dataset and the cycle continues. This is called active learning I want to take in massive sums of articles from a news API which will be placed in their corresponding file based on where my classifier says I should put them. I have to generate my own labeled data for this. That is a problem. Most people don't realize that the sample efficiency in models which utilize transfer learning is so great that AI-assisted data labeling is extremely useful and can significantly shorten what is ordinarily a painful data labeling process. We need a way to quickly create word embedding powered document classifiers which learn with a human in the loop. For some classes, an extremely limited number of examples may be all that is necessary to get results that a user would consider to be successful for their task. I want to know what my model is learning - so I integrate the word embeddings available with Flair, combine with Classifiers in Sklearn and Tensorflow/Keras/PyTorch, and finish it off with a nice squeeze of the LIME algorithm for model interpretability (implemented within the ELI5 Library) There was a genuinely "left-wing" part of the Nazi party (Strassurists)[1], though they along with their leader (Ernst Rohm)[2] were purged in the night of the long knives (also known as the Rohm purge)[3] The Germans had a term for communists who swapped to the Nazi party - Beefsteak Nazis[4]. Brown on the outside and red on the inside. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strasserism 2. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernst_R%C3%B6hm 3. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_of_the_Long_Knives 4. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beefsteak_Nazi Dimensionality reduction is absolutely a form of "machine learning". UMAP or Ivis are doing the same thing but utilize fancier methods so now they must be more relavent? I'd be curious to see what happens when you combine the system with a system that removes the possibility of illegal moves. I bet accuracy will go dramatically up - especially if they utilize a really modern transformers based architecture for the vectorization part. Peer review is so shit at major AI conferences that his paper was most likely rejected for nonsensical reasons What you are describing is called "Negative Utilitarianism" And yet Arma 3 is pathetically unrealistic. The fact that Picture-In-Picture scopes are so rare even within the game's assets shows a certain contempt for realism. I've never had to load bullets into my magazine one by one in Arma before. I've had to do that plenty of times in Escape from Tarkov. Red Orchestra also has more realistic scopes and gun mechanics. It's funny to watch folks here rediscover nationalization. Unfortunately, regardless of the justice of that action, Nationalization is the fastest way around to not just cause capital flight, but (if you're a small country) those wealthy individuals who lose will also hire thugs/counter-revolutionaries to destroy those who tried to expraproiate them. You literally cannot win. Either enjoy the corporate dread or enjoy a bullet to the head You nationalize any domestic assets You should have posted GDP per capita, not just total GDP. Good thing that Deontology is nothing but Utilitarianism with a different name. We can think Schopenhauer for pointing out Kant's errors on this one. What? "His merit in this respect, therefore, is very great; yet justice requires that we also remember here, firstly that his exposition and argument are often not in keeping with the tendency and spirit ofhis ethics, as we shall see in a moment, and secondly that, even so,he is not the first to have purged virtue of all principles of happiness.For Plato, especially in the Republic, of which the main tendencyis precisely this, expressly teaches that virtue is to be chosen for itsown sake alone, even if unhappiness and ignominy should be in-evitably associated with it. But still more does Christianity preach awholly unselfish virtue, that is also practised not for the sake of thereward in a life after death, but quite gratuitously out of love forGod, inasmuch as works do not justify, but only faith which virtueaccompanies, as its mere symptom so to speak, and which thereforeappears quite gratuitously and of its own accord. See Luther's DeLibertate Christiana. I will not take at all into account the Indians,in whose sacred books the hope of a reward for our works iseverywhere described as the path of darkness which can never leadto the blissful state. However, we do not find Kant's doctrine ofvirtue so pure; or rather the presentation falls far short of the spirit,and has in fact lapsed into inconsistency. In his highest good, whichhe subsequently discussed, we find virtue wedded to happiness. Yetthe ought, originally so unconditioned, does postulate afterwards acondition for itself, really in order to be rid of the inner contradic-tion, burdened with which it cannot live. Now supreme happinessin the highest good should not really be the motive for virtue; yetit is there like a secret article, the presence of which makes all therest a mere sham contract. It is not really the reward of virtue,but yet is a voluntary gift for which virtue, after work has beendone, stealthily holds its hand open. We can convince ourselves ofthis from the Critique of Practical Reason (pp. 223-266 of thefourth, or pp. 264-295 of the Rosenkranz edition). The whole ofKant's moral theology also has the same tendency, and on this veryaccount morality really destroys itself through moral theology. ForI repeat that all virtue in any way practised for the sake of a re-ward is based on a prudent, methodical, far-seeing egoism.Now the purport of the absolute ought, the fundamental law of practical reason, is the famous: "So act that the maxim of your willmight always be valid at the same time as the principle of a uni-versal legislation." This principle gives to the person who demandsa regulation for his own will, the task of seeking a regulation forthe will of all. The question then arises how such a regulation is tobe found. Obviously, to discover the rule of my conduct, I oughtnot to have regard to myself alone, but to the sum-total of all indi-viduals. Then instead of my own well-being, the well-being of allwithout distinction becomes my object and aim. This aim, however,still always remains well-being. I then find that all can be equallywell off only if each makes the egoism of others the limit of his own.It naturally follows from this that I ought not to injure anyone, sothat, since this principle is assumed to be universal, / also may notbe injured. This, however, is the only ground on account of whichI, not yet possessing a moral principle but only looking for one,can desire this to be a universal law. But obviously in this way thedesire for well-being, in other words egoism, remains the source ofthis ethical principle. As the basis of political science it would beexcellent; as the basis of ethics it is worthless. For the man who at-tempts to establish a regulation for the will of all, which is proposedin that moral principle, is himself in turn necessarily in need of aregulation, otherwise everything would be a matter of indifferenceto him. This regulation, however, can only be his own egoism, asthe conduct of others influences this alone. Therefore only by meansof this, and with respect to it, can that man have a will concerningthe conduct of others, and is such conduct not a matter of indiffer-ence to him. Kant himself very naïvely intimates this" Pg 524-525, The World as Will and Representation, http://www.gutenberg.org/files/38427/38427-pdf.pdf Kant was eternally destroyed by Schopenhauer and Philip Mainlander. There's an improvement to T-SNE called UMAP Oh you mean like that time when the Mongol conquered and ruled china for like, 100+ years, ushering in the largest case of minority rule the world had ever seen to that point. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuan_dynasty Wait... That's what dimensionality reduction is for. I can interpret 3 PCA dimensions pretty damn well since I can figure out the covariance explained by each dimension of my original dimensions That's why you use interpretability tools like LIME Example of this would be here: https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/Active-Explainable-Clas... Imagine that we made word vectors out of PCA reduced sparse tf-idf or countvectorized vectors. I can tell you exactly what each PCA component explains. I could even do that at the word level because it's not difficult to do inverse transforms with some simple dimensionality reduction techniques The model interpretability goes out the window because we used techniques for the vectorization that kinda suck. NLP is obsessed with self-supervision unnecessarily when they should be innovating in dimensionality reduction techniques You don't deserve the downvotes that you are getting. They dislike you because you're right Lol, GitHub search is far better than tf-idf you are seriously mistaken if you think that tf-idf will be better BTW for real world use if you want to do PCA but want a better solution than an algorithm which makes linearity assumptions there are two really hot algorithms for dimensionality reduction right now UMAP - topology manifold learning based method Ivis - simese triplet network autoencoder Both of them will blow PCA out of the water on basically all datasets. PCAs only advantages are speed and interpretability (easy to see explained covariance) Transfer learning is no longer under-investigated. Just look at how the NLP and CV communities get state of the art results UMAP is basically one of the most innovative things I've ever seen. It's highly used in NLP with extremely good results Any type of clustering I strongly suspect that it's worse than UMAP or Ivis. Graph based methods are great for some things but not clustering I don't even believe the thesis about one dominating the other in a specific domain. I dont think top mentions in conferences in a good measure of usage. har har Godwins law and all that, but this comparison is pertinent The Nazi's didn't seek to destroy Civilization (at least not in the sense that a Primitivist would), but they absolutely affirmed the ideology of "we should not protect the weak" [1] while attempting to preserve some form of "Civilized Society". [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aktion_T4 >But who advocates for those who can't or won't? The answer is literal leftist "SJWs" which is a slur to all but those who agree with the policies. Radical liberation, equality, and compassion for the weak. Negative Utilitarian ethics about reducing suffering above all else is frequently the implicit ethical decision calculus used by: Communists, Socialists, Liberals, Harm-reduction activists, Intactivists, Feminists, Disability Rights Activists, Humanists, among others. If you are in the role of a bullied individual, your best friend is the one advocating for a more systemically equal and just system. I've never understood where the criticism was for American Universities having a somewhat more "Leftist" culture among social sciences is coming from. Once you learn how to speak the "leftist" language, it's extremely easy to get high grades. Read and understand a Foucault and De Beuvoir work, coast on easy A's through these "grievance" studies courses. I did 1/10th the amount of work for a graduate level gender studies course as I did in a graduate level programming class. I certainly don't like the idea of not knowing the political orientation of a professor before I write an essay (as it is eminently important for my grade, no matter how impartial one pretends to be), and a radical left cannon means that I can write like I'm Marx and get a free pass into the Academy. The people on HN who don't like this simply don't know how to play the game. Lol all you have to do is vote by mail like all other sane States... If that's what you got from reading Plato than it sounds like you read a different Plato from the Plato read by most other Philosophy students The higher you go in the ladder the more likely you are to be talking to a spook I've done personal experiments with merging PageRank and Word Embeddings (trying to make a high quality Extractive Summarizer). Word Embedding techniques and Graph Ranking are a natural fit for each other. That's what I thought with Soylant but here we are... Echo the other commentator. Unsupervised techniques are the only reason NLP works as well as it does. I love this and the previous two posts! This is extremely pertinent to me as I have written my own "semantic search engine" and extractive summarizer using word vectors and it is available here: https://www.nlpsearch.io So far, it's using a 100D glove model (very simple and not all that good compared to BERT et al) for performance reasons and because I'm hosting it for free with AWS A much more fleshed out version of my extractive summarizer with a CLI (supporting all major language models like GPT-2) is also available here: https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 I love reading about how 0x65.dev is dealing with issues I've ran into. Trying to index large numbers of text vectors is a headache for me, and at the moment that I saw this, I was writing code to get the popular approximate nearest neighbors library "Annoy" to work with my research engine. As far as the issues that other HN users noted ("Isn't average pooling not that great?) the answer is "Yeah we know but there's literally nothing better". They authors mentioned using a weighted average of vectors, which I assume is being weighted using tf-idf over the word vectors. I've read several papers which say that doing this is not necessarily better than traditional averaging. I've found some success with concatenating average and max and min pooled vectors together before cosine similarity searches - but it's certainly not a good fix and is much slower for not a lot of gain If anyone is a total nerd about word/document vectors and wants to chat / brainstorm about applying text vectors to search / extractive summarization - please contact me! I'm desperate to work with others on this problem! gedboy2112@gmail.com Can you provide psudocode or code for this? I'd post a snippet of my implementation but I'm too dumb to figure out the format. But wow this is much better for results! Now to figure out how to make it fast! Looks like we need to change site guidelines because edit posts like this are substantive and desirable when people are unfairly downvoting a post Hopefully HN mods will eventually see the error in their ways Taleb most likely sees reality more closely to how it is than almost anyone else on earth. Sorry that him dropping truth bombs on everyone was "insufferable" to you Not to imply that Myanmar is a place where sigint entites should work, but since 2010 the country has dramatically improved and democratized and even has a (mostly) free press Yeah this is a totally wrong take. It's like you haven't seen the advancements in CV or NLP (not involving translations) made capable entirely due to fancy neural network arcitectures Baudrillard is a hack of epic proportions. He's an example of the worst kind of French psudo-intellectualism almost on par with Lacan or Deleuze. Actually, bro the gulf war happened! And most of the book you linked is full of utter nonsense and crankery. His review of JG Ballard's novel "Crash" was the only good chapter in the whole book. Just because it was in the matrix doesn't mean that it described our world accurately at all. It's nothing but fashionable nonsense. This boy crying wolf bullshit of accusing everyone of being a fascist means that when it really happens here no one will believe it. Is our government getting increasingly Authoritarian and Repressive? Yes. Are we anywhere near fascism? Fucking no Stirner, and the rest of the German young hegelians, are far more coherent and interesting than French post modernists. They also don't engage in any type of fashionable nonsense. Stirner also doesn't advocate for his ideas on the basis of anything except self interest. The "dialectical" Frenchies will tell you a far different story about why you should agree with them. Oh boy! The guy who hates jazz! French postmodernism is not the right place to go for epistemology Because state sanctioned sources with an incentive for American discord have used it to subvert the educational system. If you don't believe me, take a look at what a competitive high school or college policy debate looks like today. It's literally 4 kids speed reading (as fast as they can!!! Seriously auctioneers would be proud!) Obscure French post-modernist philosophy. They avoid any discussion that might be about a policy implementation of the topic being debated (it's not strategic to use regular language or arguments anymore due to the judges) As a result, I routinely speak with wealthy 15 year olds who insist on calling themselves "maoists". Don't believe me? Look up "TOC semi final policy round" or "Harvard vs Berkely finals policy debate" on YouTube. anything even kind of like that. There's no way that this happened without the intervention of either spooks or worse, foreign spooks Books like this, or the works of other terrible French scholars, are the bread and butter of this fashionable nonsense Hence why it's called "critical theory". Marxism is what you get when you take "critical thinking" to the extreme. Autoencoders aren't even the best dimensionality reduction technique. Where are UMAP powered "manifold" fakes? There are GPU implementations... It's very easy for an intelligence agency to make it look like this was a Grass Roots movement. I am a member of this community (debate community) and I believe that it was anything but grassroots. Also, the students have to adapt to the judges, not the other way around. I'm sure that judges are more to blame for this than anything else. If this post becomes greyed out than it's obvious that I've hit a nerve It's not courses. It's tournaments. And the people who speak fastest and read the most obscure arguments are the ones who win the most. How do you read Lacan or Deleuze and think those thoughts? "it's about the "mirror stage", except my body without organs didn't reterritorialize enough for me. Such a Westphalian cartography of thought is telelogical and causes Freud's solar anuses to explode from my nose." Is this a Deleuze or Lacan quote? No, but you'd be hard pressed to prove it isn't because you can ctrl-F through any word or phrase I used above and find the exact line where they begin their charade. The worst part about them is that now people think that Freud's bullshit was right. No the Oedipus complex doesn't exist. The additional context of knowing why DnG or Lacan are critiquing Freud doesn't help when you realize that every intellectual link in that chain is bankrupt. Worse yet, they abjectly failed to treat any psychiatric patients and themselves literally went crazy. Deleuze killed himself. Althusser killed his wife. All of them hurt future psychiatry with their nonsense. And don't get me started on lacans bullshit math symbols. Better dimensionality reduction techniques are high up there. How do we get better than UMAP? Last I checked, Socialists were the ones who tried extremely hard to get everyone to be physically active. It was the Machismo Cuban Revolutionary who fought and won against decadent bourgeois ideology. Not the Sedentary Cuban Revolutionary... Sigh Why do people here like Deleuze and Guattari? They're intellectual charlatans of the highest caliber. Yeah! Fasttext has some models in polish which I can convert into the magnitude format for you! File an issue for it and I'll get it done Don't forget Intel! Furthermore, it is rationalism which exists as the first non religious justification of hierarchy. Read Plato. [flagged] The "progress" made is entirely marketing and will have no impact on making quantum computing a reality for individual users. Be careful you'll be downvoted by people who want shareholders to have as many profits as possible while people are dying from a preventable disease Until self driving is possible with purely unsupervised data, self driving cars and other algorithms relying on massive datasets are unlikely to get really strong because label inaccuracies like this are inevitable Also, far worse has been found in large scale datasets. Pretty sure there was CP found somewhere in imagenet Deontology is consequentialism. I think schopenhauer is a bit of a quack but his analysis on why Kant is actually the biggest egoist (and consequentialist of then all) is super on point Kants categorical imparative (the foundation of deontology) redundantly repeats the ancient command: "don't do to another what you don't want done to you." Is egoistic because its universality includes the person who both gives and obeys the command. And it's cold and dead because it is to be followed without love, feeling, or inclination, but merely out of a sense of duty. And the study you posted doesn't refute his anecdote. If we always listened to depersonalized studies rather than using the context of a situation, than we will make extremely poor choices of how to handle bad situations like this The OP gives strong analysis for why giving this family money directly doesn't solve any other structural problems This book is hot garbage. His analysis of real estate (apperently not an asset) is so bad that I cannot imagine that anyone who read this book made money. Even if the author wasn't shady I'd throw it away Lmfao this is so wrong it's absurd. The categorical imparative is absolutely supposed to be the antithesis of consequentialism. It is an implementation of deontology. Deontology comes about as an attempt to escape consequentialism The fact that it breaks down back into consequentialism is as a result of deontology being not actually different from consequentialism Al Jazeera is the opposite of reputable journalism. Just look into their ties with the government's of the oil producing Arab States as well as their support for the OIC They're also responsible for things like extremely biased reporting against Myanmar (no reporting about Ang sang su kyis speech at the genocide tribunal except "she didn't say the word rohinga!"). It's no surprise that there's also a strong campaign by the OIC to slander Myanmar which is running concurrently Honestly the real reason why Americans don't care is that many absolutely, unconsciously or consciously, believe that syrians (and those not from a first world country) are subhuman. I don't see a world without these horrors until Americans can gain an authentic ethic of compassion and can humanize the subaltern others "over there" which is honestly pretty fricken unlikely Anything that is function approximation is AI. This includes decision trees have you ever heard of the "Take care" clause? Writing a 5-6 page paper in middle school never taught anyone anything, but it did take away time that could have been used constructively. Is this seriously something that a HN user would write? I'm sure that I could find a single example of a research paper assignment "teaching" a middle schooler something. I bet I could find a million of those examples too. Yes, and if HN ever cracks down on stuff that literally saves people's lives, than maybe it's time for folks to leave and find a better platform... Long term puts (at least 2 weeks out) on the market are the safest investment that you could possibly make. The market recovery today is a dead cat bounce. Mark my words I guarantee you that I will be right about this Us GDP to debt ratio is not dramatically worse compared to where it was 30-50 years ago if you just look at how other countries were during this period Boomers are the ones who tell you to be scared of the debt. Same boomers tell me that gold is the best investment Software engineers are uniquely qualified to analyze supply chains and supply chain problems. In this case, technical analysis looks a whole lot different than the chicken bone divination stuff you see with thinkorswim or other trading platforms... Maybe it can also kill for-profit health care. A person can dream... You could immediately fund the CDC to "absurd" levels, such as by giving them say, 100 billion dollars. I think that would be far more effective than rate cuts which are likely far more "expensive" but won't actually help. Though, I want to see the current CDC leadership out. They should not have silently removed their total tests done. The world needs to see their current incompetence as a lesson. Plus, the Chinese are most likely lying to "save face" It's funny because the post you responded to would be better as a refutation of this post rather than the other way around OP just explained why people (or rather, the upper middle class tech workers) of these two cities for out produce potentially thousands of people. A team of software engineers who can nail software for flipped classrooms will replace thousands of teachers AND improve educational outcomes Now this would be actual capital S Socialism. I'm surprised to see this advocated here Tangentially related: Bernie Sanders should stop calling himself a socialist, partly because he's never actually advocated for nationalizing industries (redistributing the means of production to the "peoples state"), and partly because it's so damn unpopular with the electorate to call yourself one. Even that's far better than status quo USA policy which is to simply not negotiate on drug prices and pay 80% of whatever the bill is. There's a reason why medicare is so bloody expensive... Only a bad bottleneck because proper database techniques aren't being used widely for embeddings yet within ML pipelines See libraries like magnitude for proper embedding lookup implementations Good! Companies which don't allow WFH for their employees in these circumstances should be punished for their greediness and incompetence. Sounds like a good time for capital N nationalization! :) Lmao the current market panic is not short term and is absolutely systemic. Supply chains have ground to a halt . Actually, it's easy to "time the market"... Just buy puts when everyone is panicking. Long term puts right now would be printing money for those kids. They just have to get a nice pair of diamond hands and some late April puts It's happening now. Today is "black monday". I've got broad market puts (SPY) as well as puts on Square which are literally printing me money right now. If puts are consistently making money, than you're likely to be laid off in the next few months. I consider market shorts to be a form of insurance for this reason. If I lose my investment, than it means I keep my job. If my investment moons, than I'm about to lose my job. I just gave him an upvote because that rule is stupid and should be changed. No, you SHOULD call people out for this BS My entire reason for investing heavily in the market right now is that if the economy collapses, I can use my earnings from puts to literally bribe doctors for an ICU bed. Cus without that, I just won't get an ICU bed and may actually die You know that China is most likely lying about their infection numbers. They have to "save face" and all that. I don't know which is worse, not testing, or actively lying. Only company that was up on the first day of market panic so the puts were super cheap. Ended up printing me money today though :) Just switched to TDAmeritrade as a result of this crap. That's because not aggressively testing is exactly what led to this PANDEMIC. Than why do I keep getting richer on my puts? Maybe it's because there are actually ways to make money during a crisis... It's a lottery ticket except when an event happens that you know more about than most investors. In this case, investors are dealing with something they know nothing about - Epidemology. When black swans happen, you can EASILY beat the market. We've known that Coronavirus was going to get this bad for months. We know the R0 rate. We know the CFR. Markets completely failed to "price coronavirus in" Sometimes, you really can outperform the market but its only possible in situations where financial policy and monetary policy are unable to help. I see that supply chains are grinding to a halt and I know that this means the whole economy is going to be in pain. But it's okay, keep on thinking that it's all like the lottery and see where you are in 6 months. You'll wish you were shorting the market. I invest in things that print money during a market collapse. Sure, you can argue that the USD will become worthless, but every country is being hit by this and if all currency is worthless than the best currency out of the lot is worth it. I don't think it's apocalypse levels where money stops mattering and it's only about material goods. I'm gonna be enjoying my Yacht in two years when a vaccine is finally out because the USD will remain strong relative to competitor currencies. Isn't this just bagging and boosting? Your answer doesn't explain to me how it's meaningfully different from boosting and bagging. Boosting finds the "hard" datapoints by figuring out what the early weak learners fail on, and then trains further weak learners by boosting the weights of those "hard" datapoints in the training data. Sounds just like what you described How is the method used by the "military industrial complex" meaningfully different? I put 1000 in, but I could have put on 200$ in. Options are even MORE appropriate for the non super rich, because if you put a small amount of money in, you either win big or you lose it all. I'm fine with losing 200$ occasionally. This is not concern trolling or virtue signalling. What you're doing is closer to both of those words than what the author did. Especially if you read the two sentences that the author writes under that section. It's pretty damn tame. (and that's why I'm pretty sure you didn't based on your response) Unfortunately, the medical field is one place where credentialism is mandated and good for society. I would never let a "self-trained" doctor anywhere near me the way we accept bootcamp developers. Chinese are certainly lying about numbers, and even if they aren't, they can't possibly return to work (which they're also lying about) and simultaneously be containing this bug. At best, even if they're telling the truth about numbers, the moment that they stop lying about economic activity and actually bring workers back to work, than their case numbers will go back up again. "The constitution isn't a suicide pact" is the exact wording used by Lincoln to defend suspending Habeas Corpus during the Civil War. The same exact line was used to defend Kormatsu vs United States (Japanese Internment, which is still fully legal to execute in 2020 per Trump v Hawaii) If shit gets bad, the courts will rubber stamp literally anything done in the name of national security. I fully expect constitutional rights to be thrown out the window temporarily. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Constitution_is_not_a_suic... At no point was the author ever claiming that the US is a disgusting or racist country. At best, the author noted a minor uptick in racist acts as a result of corona, which is objectively true. You are projecting your concern about a narrative that the author is not contributing to. Maybe those readers who can't filter out the "politically charged information" wouldn't be especially helped by lists like this anyway. Call me a conspiracy theorist, but I believe that either 1. The Chinese will go to great lengths to show evidence that "things are the way we say they are" in much the same way that North Korea does with American tourists. The less likely scenario in my mind 2. is that the claims of the WHO being compromised by China are true. This article doesn't do much for me to dispel those concerns given that it's a prominent WHO doctor who penned your linked article. Maybe I'm totally wrong and China is telling the truth, but that sort of intuition when applied to basically any other part of economic activity with the Chinese is just blatantly wrong (just ask people who work with Chinese suppliers about how crappy their "save face" system is re: trying to get a straight answer about any problems) It's exactly the opposite. Literally all types of science are political. Science tells you how to optimize towards an objective once you've decided on an objective (that's the scientific method). You need the "friend of science", also known as "Philosophy" and it's worldly implementation, "Politics", to decide what your objective is. Politics is the art of running a Polis (a city, or in modern times the state). The question of "what is good for the state" is a political one. If I have no way to evaluate what is objective, than how do I know that I'm closer to objectivity? At the point that we conclude "there isn't a single objective thing in the whole universe" we have no reason to believe that the appearance of getting closer to objectivity actually correlates with getting closer to objectivity. It's entirely possible that "objective" or a global optimum solution is extremely "close" to a solution which appears to be extremely suboptimal. Science finding what appears to be good local solutions using rationality is the same as finding "lottery tickets" in a state space for a problem. This is why global optimization methods like Simulated Annealing or Genetic Algorithms rely so heavily in efficient exploration of a state space, and why they can easily solve adversarial reinforcement learning problems that backprop techniques (get "global solution" by moving closer to locally better solutions) fail at (the cart hill climbing problem being the classic one) I'm willing to believe that there are local "solutions" which appear to get better solutions to a problem than random, but I have no reason to believe that my solutions which appear better correspond to actually better solutions (I may have failed at evaluating the correct measure of "good") , or even that by moving towards the appearance of a better solution that it gets me closer to the global solution (which is why backprop fails on cart hill climbing) tl;dr the post modernists are right on this one and science needs to immediately dispel it's platonic rationalist roots because it's basically just applying backprop (Plato would call it the "dialectic") to a philosophical problem and hoping that human thoughts gets us closer to truth because it appears rational to us. Yeah, actually, you should put the astrik on all science that says "may not actually correspond to truth because we don't know what truth is" Why do we give Descartes credit with his skepticism when he couldn't even be skeptical of his own conclusion, Cogito Ergo Sum. How do I know that I am thinking? I need something better for an ontological proof than "just assume it bro cus it appears to you" I think that people assuming that the appearance of their thinking = thinking is one of the worst philosophical mistakes that one can make. You quote Plato with the allegory of the cave. That allegory is him patting himself (and all other "Philosophers") on the back being like "well, if you use dialectics which involves a back and forth between smart people for the purpose of finding truth, than those who have been more rational and dialectical are objectively more fit to rule because the see reality for what it is". This is notably the first written, non-religious justification of authority and hierarchy on the grounds that "the stupid farmers should not rule because they are stupid and don't see reality for what it is" Why should I assume that the appearance of rationality describes reality? Why should I assume that the laws of thought correspond to the material world? I'm tired of listening to folks tell me that we can metaphysical prove Aristotle's the physical existence of the laws of logic (law of identity, law of excluded middle, law of double negation elimination) when it's so bloody easy to find counterexamples. Here's an easy one: "This sentence is false" Irrelevant, stupid, ignorant, wrong about history, unfounded, fallacious, deceitful I will not post 3 times. Do not expect a further reply Haha damn bro you literally made your account because my account of politics pissed you off so much. I struck a cord! Well at least the leader of the remaining Free world is willing to tell the truth to her people... I'm surprised that the comment like this even had to be posted. That's exactly why you do it Please explain to me specifically what about this comment, or my previous comments breaks site guidelines? Part of it is that C++ is poorly taught in most universities. Even if you do get an education in C++, try using any of the modern features like smart pointers on your homework. Your teacher most likely will give you a poor grade. Holy crap that is really really bad Uhh, they could have permanently banned wet markets. Every epidemiologist knew that something like this pandemic was eventually inevitable China absolutely could have prevented this but there wasn't a desire to do so because CCP officials like to eat bats sometimes too Laughable? The US does some pretty bad shit but the Chinese treatment of it's millions of ungyrs and confirmed organ harvesting of prisoners outweighs all the domestic bad shit that the US has ever done Source on this please? You're right that it likely wasn't bats but scientists think it may have been in snakes or Pangolins https://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-51496830 But there seems to be a consensus that this bug started in their wetmarket. I don't care if it was consumption of the animal or from fecal matter. Wetmarkets should be permanently banned. Wealthy CCP cadre members didn't want to do this and it cost the world big time Also, racism? When did I bring that up? You're almost right except that the damage to the stock market overwhelmingly impacts boomers who are trying to retire, not the young who hold nothing but cash Crippling the global economy hurts old people worse than it hurts the young because the young are far more resilliant to disruption in their daily lives. It helps that they have a population which was all about wearing masks BEFORE this ever happened. I was saying these things in other threads and getting downvoted. Puts are basically insurance against shit hitting the fan. Thank you options and r/wsb Some of us only entered the markets now (puts) because they hedged that they know more about epidemology than investors did. I don't think I can beat wall street except when wall street doesn't know how to respond. Prisoners who are either in for 10 years+ or are put into solitary confinement should be given a voluntary euthanasia option. If Chelsea Manning sincerely believes that she will not be freed, and wants to end her own life on her terms, let her. This objectively reduces harms. You cannot sincerely tell me that people who wanted to end their suffering in the face of extreme torture or solitary confinement are "mentally ill" or acting irrationally. hahahahahaha you're going to eat your words when this is all over Coronavirus might not get it down by 90% but 50% is certainly possible. Not for something this big, and for something that won't go away for 18 months MINIMUM I keep having to make the same post again and again China's almost certainly faking their numbers. We know they fake every other number related to economics - so why would they tell the truth about coronavirus? This is what a "save face" culture does to you. It turns you into a serial liar That's why Socrates tells you that you become valid to run society when you become dialectically educated enough, and that the unwashed masses do not see reality for how it is as a result of a lack of dialectical education and therefore should not rule. Sounds pretty much like authoritarian rationalism to me. I'd like a pass on platonic republicanism but unfortunately it's found within all forms of Western philosophy these days Hey! That's my GitHub name! I'm down to work on this project for a bit to make it better if you'd like. All you gotta do is buy puts and you'll be able to ride a yacht in a few years when this is all over. They may end up doing that to prevent a collapse. They also ban short selling sometimes even if the stock market is kept open. It literally doesn't matter what the courts say. "The Constitution is not a Suicide Pact". Lincoln got away with throwing out Habeas corpus during the Civil War. California will get away with this on the grounds of an unprecedented national emergency. I don't see any evidence of anthropomorphizing the economy or dehumanizing the individual here in the comment you are replying to. Maybe you need to reread what you commented on It's most likely CPC brigading. The only group on earth who sees anti-CPC rehtoric as being synonymous with racism against the chinease are the CPC themselves. It's like when someone calls you an anti-semite for supporting BDS movements. I just assume they're isreali Nationals or shills when they say that crap. It's all dog whistling because the alternative is that evil organizations would have to admit that they do bad things. I didn't expect to actually need those FDIC protections to guarantee that I'd be able to withdrw money but here we are... It's been done before. Check out "cooperative coevolution" Ding ding ding we have a winner! Why anyone would go to gold during a societal collapse I will never know. The absolute basic necessities of survival will always be the best investments in times of crisis (right now). Don't believe me? I bet many Americans will see bankruns and possible inflation as a result of our current crisis. Money and other non material assets will become less useful. Hopefully the FDIC will save our asses but if you have more than 250K than good luck if you choose the wrong bank. That's assuming money is still worth something But rice, beans, guns and water will always be useful The only truth available is that there are no other truths. We have exactly one truth available to us. (This is a form of epistemological monism.) Ironically, It's Plato (through Socrates) who says "I know that I know nothing" but it should be fixed to say "I know that I know nothing else" "the truth that there are no truths is a truth" is a cop out. It can easily be resolved and the statement "I know that I know nothing else" is coherent Hahahah it's like people just ignored all the awesome philosophy from radical skeptics. Max Stirner, the most radical skeptic of them all, is without a doubt a more interesting philosopher than many others one is forced to read. Moreover, contrary to the claim made by the OP - he expects the reader to have read philosophy from other authors. A radical skeptic like Stirner loves Kant and Hume. Maybe it's because Kant shows that the "thing-in-itself" is unknowable even if it exists and Hume shows us that empirical observation is basically all we have for trying to work with the world. Both show that no one in science has found anything resembling truth They haven't done it permanently yet though Edit: For the downvoters, here's evidence of a TEMPORARY ban https://www.businessinsider.com/wuhan-coronavirus-chinese-we... Please refute me with evidence of a permanent ban. Otherwise, you're being counter productive Nope, the law of identity is incoherent and doesn't exist in physical reality. I'm extremely frustrated that Western Philosophy has reasoned about this extremely poorly and the assumptions made from antiquity seem to continue to be unquestioned. The Cogito, or other ontological foundations of existence which rely on appearances are completely wrong. "I think therefor I am?" How do you know that you are thinking? How do you know that appearances of thinking are actually in existence? It's possible that you did not think! and that what you believe to be existence is not existence at all. At best, you can say "it appears to me that I think therefor it appears that I exist". You cannot just escape radical doubt because of appearances. Also, the no-cloning (and the other no-go) theorems and bells theorem (no determinism) seem to imply that Quantum Theory has concluded that the law of identity doesn't hold up in reality. Objects are NOT equal to themselves. We do not know that a fundamental minimal quantized unit of time exists, meaning that we cannot say that "an object is equal to itself at a particular time". If we accept the Kantian thesis that time and space are the "vessel" or "canvas" of reality, than it's not possible to confirm that an object exists in the same point in time, and the same point of space with itself without a fundamental minimal quantized unit to measure those in. You should instead conclude that the metaphysical constitution of objects is ultimately in-determinant The law of in-determinancy would say that "objects can be infinitesimally close to identical with themselves" A =/= A. The left-side A exists in a different point in time and space as the right-side A. You cannot even think of these in your own mind at the same time, in the same part of your "mind-space". There is no verifiable measure of the "present" so we cannot constitute an object in exactly one point of time and space at a particular "moment" All of what I've just said is basically a more modern version of Nietzsche's revulsion to the exact same "A = A" crap that was being thrown around in his own time. tl;dr you don't know that you exist citations: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell%27s_theorem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-cloning_theorem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-broadcast_theorem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-deleting_theorem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-communication_theorem On the job experience about which ML algorithm is more useful for a task is certainly helpful. But, knowing how to implement "X from scratch" gives you far more useful information about how and why a particular algorithm is suitable for a certain task. We should encourage people to reimplement algorithms from scratch (for fun, not production usage) so that they understand how the sausage is made. Also, SVMs support a whole lot of different loss functions. I suspect that a properly tuned SVM will do better than a properly tuned logistic regression. In another world, I didn't go into CS and instead became an attorney who specialized in exactly that. Police brutality is everywhere It's one of the main things that kept me interested in the legal system. Yup. Suck it up buttercup because the alternative is a horrific and painful death for you, or your loved ones. I always tell people this who want "only high IQ" people to run society. "Oh, you want the people at Mensa to run your society?" You think that greed is ending due to this? It's exactly the opposite. Never let a good crisis go to waste. Load up on shorts and puts and enjoy the yacht you'll be riding on when this is all over Uhh, show me evidence that China's official numbers and South Korea have r0 above 1 please. It looks like it's finally under 1 right now... Not with over 1 billion people and the western world on its knees. If anything, their going to progress far faster than anyone else once this is over. Chinese Americans objectively have better SAT and ACT scores (so much so that they get screwed by affirmative action policies) Maybe Chinese themselves aren't "more capable" but the Chinese elite who can get to America and likely the Chinese elite who stay in China are certainly "more capable" They have a collectivist culture with "tiger parents" who force kids to study far harder than the average throughout the non Asian world. Sometimes, stereotypes are simply true. The only reason the civil servants do dumb stuff like you describe is the CCP. If you removed literal communism and the orwellian society, they will beat us long term. Imagine that the government of Taiwan ran modern China. It would be unstoppable... Nope. The dollar is so strong that other countries are trying really hard to get as much USD as possible. This means that liquidity is drying up and there is a shortage of dollars world-wide. This is deflationary right until we see the banking sector collapse. You're totally right about repo and massive amounts of loans, but the impact of other countries trying to get USD outweighs this - at least in the short term. Checkout currency trading right now - the USD is surging compared to every other world currency. That's because demand for USD is extremely high world wide. If you don't do what China or South Korea did, we're not "going to be fine". The US handling of this is extremely poor. One shouldn't give the people false hope. Literally "just the flu bro" No one should be downvoting such a high quality and well researched post. Hacker news truly embarrasses me sometimes Show me evidence that the mask shortage and the ventilator shortage will be resolved at any point in this pandemic please. Only known case of a helicopter killing a jet in that war iirc! That's why we had tactical nukes ready to go to try to counter that threat https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fulda_Gap Not that hard to nuke the passage that they'd be forced to take for a land invasion. That was NATO planning in the 60s and 70s Buy puts and shorts and instead of fear and panic you'll have the opposite problem: You'll watch shit burn and be "happy" about it. You shouldn't be downvoted for high quality posts like this. You're absolutely right that most locals would prefer hotels - the economic contributions alone answer for the externalities that the OP was concerned about. Show me evidence that the US is preparing quite well to handle the scale of severe cases. That's the biggest load of bullshit I've ever seen on a HN post. You should get an award for how bad this post is before it's removed for endangering the public. No, it is NOT pure speculation. We have plenty of CT scans showing permanent lung scaring in thousands of patients. Yes, yes, extremely yes. Luckily the calculation is far less shitty than that. Contrary to what folks claim, the reducing in fatalities from automobile accidents and from dramatically lowered pollution outweighs suicides and other economic reasons for people to die. This lockdown is a dramatic net positive for human lives and significantly reduces the risk of death from many sources. It's a temporary ban. They need a permanent wet market ban but they won't because the CCP loves this stuff too! Fuck the CCP and their disregard for human health! There is already a pretty excellent 3D isometric front end for Dwarf Fortress. The name eludes me but it's well known within the community. However - I found that many parts of Dwarf Fortress disappointed me (and I was hyped as heck to play it - given that I'm a fan of Nethack, DCSS, Cataclysm, and basically any rougelike or rougelite). The game just feels extremely unfinished. Adventure mode is a total joke. Performance is totally garbage. The creator refuses to open source his game (no one will laugh at you man!). The documentation is horrific (no one quite knows how some of the BASIC SKILLS work or what they do) It's got the potential to be a true gem, but right now, it's like an uncut diamond in the rough. Might as well just play Rimworld. Rimworld solved every single problem that Dwarf Fortress had and its world is more compelling to me. How can markets rally continuously on news like this??? They're already getting hammered by "apocalyptic" conditions in New York. We can not "accommodate" it at all. My mom's old boyfriend (bio father passed away early in my life) was quite the pain in the ass to me. However - he's always been a fan of Amiga. He had an Amiga 3000(I think?) Filled with pirated games and with various different RUSH album wallpapers. Ohh, good times! He was never a programmer, but he did know about every little tool and command line command available to the Amiga. My 10 year old brain couldn't comprehend how good multitasking was on a computer that slow. I strongly respect Amiga, and believe that Amiga could have and should have been the company to dominate computers. It boggels my mind that Amiga has faded into relative obscurity all these years later. Folks don't know what they missed. Uhh, not all but maybe most in production. You can use any optimization technique you want on training the weights including things like evolutionary algorithms or simulated annealing which are entirely different from what's listed here. Evolutionary style methods may be SOTA for continuous control reinforcement learning problems... Consider how backprop or hill climbing or LBFG-S performs on something basic like cart pole https://openai.com/blog/evolution-strategies/ Those accidents are no basically longer happening because there are so few cars on the road. Our response to this also solved auto accidents. You should be asking "how does this compare to causes of death related to poverty" Bro it's cause women smoke less. Women also abuse alcohol less prolifically than men, but for coronavirus it's the smoking rate which is important If men treated themselves well than women wouldn't have better life expectancy You want equality of outcome? Tobbaco bans! Why your being downvoted I will never know. Hacker news is embarrassing to be a member of sometimes. The OP you responded to was absolutely lazy with the phrasing and hardly made an argument. You did the opposite and they downvoted you more. What the hell guys? The response to coronavirus also nearly eliminates automobile fatalities. Try again Maybe it's because police unions form a sizable chunk of those unions... Why do folks forget the precursor to WW1 - the franco-prussian war? That was a huge war! Lead to German unification, over one million casualties (if you count civilians) and slightly less than that if you don't. Being prepared is how you survive and thrive in 90% of situations. While I am not one, I never thought it made sense to make fun of them. Folks who laughed at them played a stupid game and won a stupid prize... Yeah that rule is extremely stupid. Please do what you can to make the mods and admins realize that this rule should be removed. Politics is fascinating. HN is absolutely a good forum for it and it already is basically unenforced. Not to post political stuff on HN Permanent ban on wet markets before December first 2019 would have been a good start. A media campaign to get people to stop buying into "traditional Chinese medicine" would have been good too. Make them use that propaganda machine for something good for once. No excuses for this one. China could have done something and not only choose not to, but actively attempted to surpress information about the disease. They're lying about every number related to this crisis. They are manipulating the WHO. This is a country which claims that "only" a "few hundred died" in tiananmen square. The 50 cent army actively brigades many types of anti-CCP dissent at home and abroad. Yes. It's reasonable for them to have done more sooner. They had an obligation to do more sooner. Lmfao no. MAD is still here and nuclear weapons didn't just evaporate. No one on either side of the Pacific wants a hot war. Saber rattling over Taiwan once every decade doesn't count because each side knows that the game of chicken won't go all the way. If there is war with China, life on Earth will end. There is no situation for a war between the USA and China that doesn't end with nuclear annihilation Monetary and fiscal policy won't solve the viruses exponentially deleterious impacts. They will mitigate them at best. Your scenario is in fantasy land. You're welcome to lose money by betting on the stock market going up in 6 to 12 months though! This is super awesome. Thank you for making this! You gotta vote then. You need to get other people to also vote for candidates who would do it. You need to convince the other sides supporters to abandon their support for the other side. It would really help if we had a politican who was somehow electable in the primary and didn't hold policies which are deal breakers for the other sides voters. For example, on gun rights or (god forbid) abortion Unfortunately, if you try to be pro gun in the democratic party they will eviscerate you in the primary. Just look at Bernie sanders in 2016 vs Clinton on the Brady Bill. Until we can convince republicans that the dems won't take their guns away, it's basically impossible to convince a good portion of Trumps base to abandon their support. I don't advocate for pro-life dems but if you really want republican votes you may have to at least pretend to be pro-life. None of these are easy, but it must be done or else it's more of the same crap. Oh boo hoo. I'm playing "my heart goes out for you" on the worlds smallest violin. The dramatically expanded access to information and the positive benefits of this far outweighs the benefits of the profits to publishers (and the minuscule subset of those profits which filter down to the authors). It's not even in the same ballpark. The standard deviation of author profits is massive. Don't trust their claim that most authors are hardly earning more than 20k a year as evidence that small time authors gets screwed over. The ones who earn that much are almost never targeted for piracy. Pirates go out of their way to minimize the impact that their actions have on small time authors. It's the same with video game piracy. It's the ones who are making hundreds of thousands a year who are going to lose out. Make this library permanent for the good of society. It's one thing for the book to be available on this library. It's another for one to directly lose out on potential sales due to that availability. At least 50% of scene release readmes tell you to buy the game/book if you can. That proportion approaches ~80% the smaller that the developer/author is. But here's a recent article showing that software piracy increases sales of indie titles - https://www.polygon.com/2020/1/13/21063660/danger-gazers-tor... In the context of books you'll find the exact same phenomenon. That's why you should support rent strikes and the temporary shutting down of evictions and removal of utilities being cut off Those people out of work are significantly less in trouble if they don't have to pay rent Landlords are in significantly less trouble if they don't have to pay their mortgages. That's all you have to do to help out Americans out of work (along with unemployment) The stimulus bill along with local and state government's are already doing most of this... Gotta be subversive somehow ️:) As someone whose extremely interested in this domain. I am excited to see these models productized. Are the pretrained extractive models able to create extractive summaries at the word level? Or are they (like most other extractive models) only selecting and ranking sentences? At the moment, foreign demand for the dollar is so high that we are experiencing deflation (liquidity is still too low which is entirely why the fed is moving towards negative interest rates), in spite of the money printer going "brrrrr" Check currency trading platforms - we are deflationary as of this moment. No - You're wrong and the person you're replying to is right. Futures are how you multiply your money with relatively low risk. Stocks are how you get 5% returns amortized YOY if you're lucky Much as I like that book and want it to be true - some argue that Value investing is as useful as Technical Analysis - which puts it at just a bit more reliable than Chicken Bone divination. These are the same people who claim that anti-tobacco campaigns are bullshit and that tobacco is not nearly as bad as claimed. News flash: they're wrong about that. They lost all of their credibility to me with one episode It looks like according to the notebook recepies that it's actually working at the sentence level (despite your claim). The way you train these is to mark a sentence as "1" or "0" based on if it's selected. Oh well, the world waits longer for a word-level (willing to skip around in sentences) and grammatically correct extractive summarizer. You got my hopes up though. https://github.com/microsoft/nlp-recipes/blob/master/example... My (failed) attempt to build what I was actually looking for: https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 Wow to be charitable- you rebranded already existing language models (gpt-2, Bert, xlnet, etc) - and turned it into a SaaS... Though those models seem more effective than this service by a long shot. Worse, even the best NLP models at the moment are clever hanses. Also, the huggingface "write with transformer" has far more hyperparamaters to play with which make it far far far better than this website. I'm sorry to have to echo the other comments or come off as overly critical, but this service blows. I see zero reasons why I or anyone else would want to use it - especially since your competing against the very best NLP minds. Next time, try to use models which might actually be effective. Salesforce released one called "CTRL" which if you had productized might have actually given you what you want (effective controllable text generation) Hahaha, no. There is no ghost in the Shell in AI powered robots and certainly not in inanimate objects. You sound like an object oriented ontology writer with this kind of post and will be treated as such because that's what you've advocated for. The alternative is fear of hurting objects or machines everytime I act in the world. Physical objects themselves are not ethical actors. AI is not life and we are several hundred years away from being capable of creating life ourselves within an object (if it's at all possible) Your worldview would mean that if I move a machine (or rock) and it appears to "resist me", I must fear that the machine or rock doesn't want to be moved. I must believe that I have acted violently towards that object by "frustrating it's preferences". What absurdity! Wow a textbook example of dog whistling on HN of all places! I never thought I'd see the day... Can we start to accuse apple of being complacent in domestic abuse then? I'm only mostly joking Apple products are used at a far higher proportion among women (and the vast majority of domestic abuse victims are women) than Android products are and the locked down nature of the platform means that attempts to fight this with innovative apps masquerading as other apps (as the author has indicated that they want to do) breaks their TOS and is banned by the platform. Feminists need to start sounding the alarm right now and pushing women towards open platforms which give them a chance to fight against their abusers. Conflating neoliberalism and neomarxism together is textbook dog whistling. I don't know of anyone on earth who even identifies as a "neomarxist" but we all know what using those terms interchangeably means for ones held political ideology... The publicity alone from something like this will backfire so so so hard. Those doctors or nurses fired will have no problem getting jobs. The people who do the firing will be roasted over a metaphorical fire for this. No, keep yelling about it loudly to everyone! We get that a hospital can't magically fix PPE issues - but that doesn't mean that you can just suppress stories about it. For one thing, it looks like your decoding is not being done the way SOTA systems do it (usually nucleus sampling). Yours appears to be doing top-1 or top-N sampling, but please correct me if I'm wrong on this. Even if you are doing it with nucleus sampling - you need to expose paramaters to control the generation better. That way you have a lot of cover for it not working as expected in the form of responding to dissenting users with "just tune the parameters better" The reaction you're getting from this system is so negative because it appears to be less good than write with transformer - which implements exactly what I'm describing. For what its worth, this mostly isn't your fault. NLP is a crapshoot of hype and implementations which disappoint. And yet people get so pissed off when I call out french post-modernism and critical theory as being uniquely Marxist. At least some on the right see the connection properly (though it's not like they get it right beyond that in most cases, e.g. Peterson) But to be fair, it's not like those intellectuals are advocating for the authoritarian parts of Marxism. They're advocating for the egalitarian parts as well as his methodology. Marx was a good philosopher, and is certainly a fascinating thinker. Sartre absolutely believes that Marxism and Existentialism are the same thing (read his work search for a method if you don't believe me). Maybe academics need to make it very clear that just because they dislike capitalism as its practiced doesn't mean that they should immediately run to what appears to be its opposite uncritically. Most left-wing academics just take dialectical materialism and the primacy of the dialectic method of achieving truth as being a given (though Plato/Socrates is responsible for the latter error not Marx). They don't even see how authoritarian that the dialectical method can be. It's why I realized that Paulo Freire was the opposite of liberatory despite trying to write a book "liberating education" (he reveals himself to be obsessed with Dialectics in Pedagogy of the Oppressed ). Yet, for all of the criticism I have of the Marxist method and praxis, I think that equating it to a religion is also incorrect. No one peddling critical theory seriously is going to tell you to believe in its dogma religiously. Though, they may give you worse grades on your papers if you do a bad job of calling out its authoritarian tendencies so maybe there is some truth to the analogy... And since HN is getting on me for posting too fast (it's necessary to combat the rampant Philosophical disinfo going on), I'll respond here to the commentator whose slandering Kant as being some how similar to Marx and Hegel Kant is the opposite of a Frankfurt school author and you are sorely mistaken for equating him with the likes of Hegel or Marx. It sickens me to see how poorly Philosophy is understood even by HN readers. You'll find really quickly that Kant is actually one of the most enlightened scholars of all time (and certainly not even close to a Frankfurt school author) if you read even 5 pages of him! My god! Kant would most likely be horrified by any Marxist or Marx-decending authors works. In Marx's own time, he was one of the main people who split the workers movement between his own ideas (his form of Communism) and the anarchist ideas of Bakunin or of Proudhon. People saw the authoritarian prospects of his work in his own time. They all want the same thing - a world without hierarchy. Though it's a great irony that one method relies on hierarchies to try to achieve a "stateless, classless society" Maybe that term "Dictatorship of the Proletariat" was a mistake. Stalin and Mao were proletarians, after all... Maybe you could explain why each comment doesn't have value by, I don't know, responding to them instead of a blanket statement encouraging the brigading of every single comment in this thread (which is what's happening, given the almost universal amount of grey appearing in this thread) My experience is that basically all types of topic modeling tools just kinda blow. You might as well use traditional clustering techniques instead since topic models are basically a type of clustering What do you expect when the CEO is a literal vampire for the purpose of staying young. It was fucking horrifying reading up on that practice. It freaks me out to even type out this stuff but it's all true. Yet you wouldn't know it based on the stock market. Where is this collapse you all talk about? Donald Pump and Powell will just use infinite QE and monetary policy to fix all of our problems. After all, the US Dollar is still strong due to a liquidity shortage world-wide from everyone being desperate to convert domestic money to USD Until that liquidity crisis dries up within the world, stonks seem only go up. Money printer goes brrrrr. I've never seen markets behave so effing irrationally before. Investors are pants on head stupid at a level that boggels my mind. "markets can be irrational longer than you can stay solvent" is being proven to be sage advice with this pandemic. This is already done. It's called data augmentation and is extremely helpful in computer vision Yet you wouldn't know it based on the stock market. Apperently all of this is "priced in" You should target a different elite for "not helping the average family feed itself" than gates. Actually, he's more altruistic than that. He helps out the dirt poor African farmers who are far more screwed than Americans are. https://www.gatesfoundation.org/Media-Center/Press-Releases/... https://www.gatesfoundation.org/Media-Center/Press-Releases/... http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,1844632,00... https://reliefweb.int/report/world/uk-aid-partners-gates-fou... https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/politics/gates-fund... Just replace a random subset of words with their nearest neighbors computed using a fancy word embedding model like BERT or GPT-2. If you cannot do that due to them not including a vocabulary file, you're stuck using something like word2vec/FastText which is fine but not ideal if you're looking for grammatical correctness... If someone had tried to start my programming journey with Haskell I'd likely have given up and not touched programming ever again. God forbid that the functional crowd gets their way. Most people are terrible at recursive thinking. That's why those languages have such a reputation for being difficult. The declarative languages are also a good starting point, but the most used one (SQL or spreadsheets) are somewhat orthogonal to what one tries to do with python. You need for loops. You need if statements. You can't just hope that they will get recursion. I can assure you that this is a gross mischaracterization of gender studies students. There are a significant number of them (maybe over 50%) who don't even use language like "toxic masculinity" and out of the remainder they won't attribute American individualism to it. The south today is still far far far worse to be in if you're African American. I expect that you're slightly downplaying the role that the queen has in Canada's affairs. For one thing, Canada will come to the aid of the UK far more quickly than the US would in crisis times. That's the whole point of the "Commonwealth of nation's" All the GitHub stars that show HN: has given me will keep me employable for a long time. Speak for yourself Is there any evidence of a fundemental quantized unit of time existing? Can I fundementally treat time as continuous or discrete? Plank time isn't good enough because it's possible that we see a phenomenon that happens over a shorter time period and that we need better instruments. This question very important to me because I don't see a possibility that we can situate identity as existing metaphysically without quantized time. It also seems to imply to me that determinism is wrong. But please correct me on this you big-brains I don't study quantum physics or general relativity Don't listen to the downvoters. You're telling people the cold hard truth that they don't want to hear. As usual, someone posts a factual tautology, and the contrarian minds of HN decide that it must be buried into the depths of oblivion. Get over yourselves. This poster is correct. Technology is not alive. It does not have ethics. This technology is super awesome... and it's been available for awhile. A few years ago, I worked for #bigcorp on a product which, among other things, optimized and productized a super resolution model and made it available to customers. For anyone looking for it - it should be available in several open source libraries (and closed source #bigcorp packages) as an already trained model which is ready to deploy Repetition is the key to mastery. Studies show you need to hear something 10-20 times before you internalize it: https://psycnet.apa.org/record/1990-00422-001 Nothing reliably consistently beats ARIMA models in time series forecasting to this day That's pretty sad when you think about it, but it's painfully true. You know, it's really easy to get around MOSS. You can just run it on your own code and figure out when it gives a result that appears to be "not cheating". That number will depend on how much starter code your assignment involves. Like seriously, MOSS just filters out the kids who are bad at cheating from the ones who are good at it. Yes Selenium is awesome, but the browser GUI for it in Firefox seemed to... Regress heavily from where it was a few years ago? It used to allow you to export a script as any type of code and now that's no longer possible. The newer gui based tools have maybe a fraction of the features that the selenium GUI used to have What happened? So, like they do in Europe? This take is pathetically wrong. Maybe you might remember from your CS education (if you took one) how about 1/3rd of your coursework had to be outside of your major and you most likely had to take within your major some "Scientific Writing" or "Scientific Communication" classes. It's not the schools fault that you didn't get a minor in Philosophy. STEM fields are not trying to marginalize the humanities. The lack of profitability and job opportunities for humanities majors do a great job of that without some form of conspiracy against them... If this course doesn't focus almost entirely on leetcode style problems, than it's pretty bunk for actually getting into Amazon. Amazon's OA is significantly worse than even it's big competitors regarding the required leetcode grind. I don't think there's a Software Engineer who was hired in the last several years at Amazon who wasn't grilled on a few leetcode medium (and likely, a hard or two) style problems. Moreover, if you're good enough to get into Amazon and deal with it's reputation for horrible WLB, back-stabbing and political culture, bad pay (for a "FAANG"), horrible vesting, mediocre benefits, and working for a literal vampire, than you can (and should) go work for one of it's competitors who will pay you and treat you strictly better. Microsoft, Google, Apple, the unicorns, and even Oracle OCI all fit the bill. Microsoft will give you easier leetcode questions and a 20 hour work week. Oracle OCI certainly will pay you better (their whole schtick is to poach Amazon Employees for their own cloud). Amazon is rightfully shamed as being "not good enough to stay in the FAANG" because they treat their engineers so badly. I guess the only reason to work for them is that they need a lot of Java devs for AWS and many places are slowly abandoning Java - but even then - there are so many java shops around still that you shouldn't have trouble finding work. I suppose COVID may change things a bit but we should be telling aspiring engineers the truth about Amazon. Uber won't like that one bit because it's going to be tax increases on either wealthy people or corporations (or both) to pay for universal health care. Don't pretend that the rich want universal health care. they don't. Proxy server usage would skyrocket if this became common - as it should. What bust? The stock market is surging. The economy is doing great! There's no economic downturn! Don't you know, stonks only go up? A Sartre quote, btw for anyone curious Nietzsche would never have been a fan of post-modernism and it is a great historical irony that post-modern authors cite him so prolifically. I'm convinced that most of the French totally misunderstood the Germans (looking at you, Foucault and Deleuze...) Nietzsche's crusade against schopenhauerian pessimism and critique of "the last man" (opposite of the ubermensch) looks suspiciously like what his critique of post-modernism might have looked like if he lived long enough... From the Wikipedia article on "the last man" "The lives of the last men are pacifist and comfortable. There is no longer a distinction between ruler and ruled, strong over weak or supreme over the mediocre. Social conflict and challenges are minimized. Every individual lives equally and in "superficial" harmony. There are no original or flourishing social trends and ideas" Hmm, sounds kind of like what the hard left post-modernists want, doesn't it? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Last_man Edit: How about the people of HN explain why this take is wrong instead of greying it as they seem to do with every other post that has anything to do with post-modernism. I'd sincerly like to hear why this post isn't a good interpretation of Nietzsche. It's especially suspicious because it fluctuates from not grey to grey rapidly - indicating that there may be a significant amount of brigading going on. One place to improve this would be to use a better set of word-embeddings. FastText is, well, fast, but it's no longer close to SOTA. You're most likely using simple average pooling, which is why many users are getting results that don't look right to them. Try a chunking approach, where you get a vector for each chunk of the document and horizontally concatenate those together (if your vectors are 50d, and do 5 chunks per doc, than you get a 250d fixed vector for each document regardless of length). This partially solves the issue of highly diluted vectors which is responsible for the poor results that some users are reporting. You can also do "attentive pooling" where you pool the way a transformer head would pool - though that's an O(N^2) operation so YMMV If you have the GPU compute, try something like BERT, or GPT-2 which is fine-tuned on all of reddit. Better yet, try vertically concatenating all of the word-embeddings models you can together (just stack the embeddings from each model) if you have the compute To respond to your comment (since HN isn't letting me post cus I'm 'posting too fast') You can use cheaper and more effective approaches for getting the subword functionality you want. Look up "Byte Pair Embeddings". That will also handle the OOV problem but for far less CPU/RAM overhead. BERT also does this for you with its unique form of tokenization. A home CPU can fine-tune FastText in a day on 4 million documents if you're able to walk away from your computer for awhile. Shouldn't cost you anything except electricity. If you set the number of epochs higher, you'll get better performance but correspondingly longer times to train. For BERT/GPT-2, you'll maybe want to fine-tune a small version of the model (say, the 117m parameter version of GPT-2) and then vertically concatenate that with the regular un-fine-tuned GPT-2 model. That should be very fast and hopefully not expensive (and also possible on your home GPU) That's because the post-modernist authors that this article critiques have a long history of being extremely far left. Foucault was an actual communist. Sartre was (for a time) an actual communist. Deleuze and Guattari were both far left and actual communists. Lyotard was a hard leftist. Baudrillard was a hard leftist and for a time an actual communist. Derrida is far left. Rorty is a leftist. Camus (not really pomo) was for a time, an actual communist. Explain to me why it's a mischaracterization to claim that the french post-modernists are generally leftists. I'm not critiquing the "political left" I'm identifying that the goals of the post-modernist left are very similar to what Nietzsche is critiquing. Also, I'm not "superficially' dismissing post-modernism. The OP article does a good job of that already with its satirical abstract. I'm making a connection. I personally would strongly prefer the life of "The Last Man" over the Übermensch To reply to the post under this, because the brigades have me temporarily muzzled: I think you're projecting what you want me to say on top of what I'm actually saying. The overwhelming majority of self-styled post-modernist philosophers also just happen to be leftists. As such, they follow an intellectual tradition which usually moves towards fighting hierarchies. I do not know how you construed this to be me claiming that "all leftists are post-modernists" or anything of that sort. I didn't say that and it's not true. Many leftists are the opposite of post-modernist. At no point do I bring up a single liberal author . I specifically cite french post-modernists and a few other french authors who flirted with leftism and are adjacent to the post-modernist movement. I gave a highly incomplete list of the overlap between leftists and postmodernists. I cannot even fathom how you grew to think that I am conflating liberals and post-modernists. Oh, and finally, the people who keep flagging posts about Post-Modernism are intellectually lazy and proving that the average HN flagger can't be trusted to talk about an even slightly controversial topic. The flaggers should be embarrassed. There won't be history books. There is no world where WW3 happens and nukes just sit around gathering dust. This is bad, but not bad enough to cause WW3 What specifically about this post is "tedious ideological boilerplate"? That's an extremely insulting way to characterize the work I've done to substantiate my argument. Moreover, I am very curious about what people disagree with in my post. I ask people in my OP to post specific reasons why they disagree with me. That's the definition of curious conversation And bringing up Nietzsche is extremely relevant since the abstract of the OP specifically cites his reasoning as the source of post-modernism. I'm claiming that had he lived long enough to see what post-modernism was, he would have tried to disavow his work from it. Apparently that's "tedious ideological boilerplate" to you. At what point am I claiming something which is untrue? If making a connection between the left and french post-modernism is something that you label as "tedious ideological boilerplate" than you're simply mistaken. At worst, my final addendum about HN flaggers may not be within your guidelines. Outside of that, this post is high quality and something that HN users should aspire to. Compare the work I did to nearly all the other posts in this thread. They are on average far more quippy, far less substantiated, and more ideological than my own. Your complaint about this post implies that this platform is bankrupt and defunct for talking about anything except a subset of computer related topics. Haha, funny enough, he argued for antinatalism before that term was heavily used. He argued for a proto-form of negative utilitarianism, and in the case of some of his disciples, they argued that people should commit suicide https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philipp_Mainl%C3%A4nder (disciple advocating for suicide) Many took their arguments to be closer to "to live is to suffer and suffering is the ultimate bad thing. You shouldn't inflict that suffering on anyone else (and maybe not even on yourself) No wonder Nietzsche was so afraid of what schopenhaur was doing to philosophy. His work and his followers advocate for the ultimate form of life denial. Similar to jainists too. Though, I still find Schopenhaur to be more compelling on this than anyone else... Such a wrong take. Decision trees are nothing more than if statements. Fancier versions of those (random forests) are consistently near SOTA algorithms like neural networks (and beat them on tabular datasets frequently). AI can be just a shit ton of if/else statements. This food looks delicious and I'd love to try some. It seems that they haven't "Americanized" it as much as many other ethnic restaurants - though I haven't had real Ethopian food so I don't actually know that for sure. I wish that Americans would stop paying for shitty versions of other cultures foods. I live in a huge city with lots of people of a certain south-east Asian ethnic group. I am also married to a south-east Asian of said ethnic group. We have tried every one of the available restaurants and not a single one of them comes even close to properly approximating the food available in her home country (according to her). In her opinion, this isn't just because of a lack of available ingredients. It is because Americans don't want authentic food. Fix your shit America because we will forever be (along with the UK) the laughing stock of the culinary world with these practices. Why would a corporation do that? These jobs are "essential" and are also extremely easy to replace . That's why we don't see wages going up and likely will see the opposite in the coming few months. Supply is FAR larger than demand right now. Have you seen the unemployment rate right now? I cannot understand what you are saying. Don't forget that automobile fatalities are far lower now with significantly reduced traffic due to lockdowns. This analogy works without coronavirus existing and only then. I'm not German but I'm pretty sure that you're from the 50 cent army given that this account was created super recently and has only posted in this one thread with utter nonsense straight out of Google translate. Especially since your post is about how drugs don't work on a predominantly American used forum... Nurses need how many years of school? Lawyers need how many years of school? The harder to replace one is the one who spends more time in school. As much as we like to think software doesn't need an education, for the overwhelming majority, they spend at least 4 years in University before working in industry. Bootcampers/self-tahght are a small minority of workers. Yes, because the marginal utility gained by the people who don't have to pay extra for products during a crisis is significantly more than the marginal utility lost by a (comparatively wealthy) farmer or developer. Remember that most farming done today is factory farming by big shots. Same with property or business development. What do you call your credit score? Isn't there some joke about being "too poor to pay attention"? Looks like it ended up being true. Lmfao you are far too optimistic about the revolutionary potential of westernized young people. They will not revolt. They won't take power. They don't even vote today. Good. They lag hard and they seem to hack and use cheats at higher percentages than non Chinese. There are lots of movements to segregate Chinese players onto their own servers in games like DotA 2 and Cs:go. The CCP decided that the people who spam the copypasta about how bad the CCP is were actually making an impact. China literally got trolled out of video games - but it's because they trolled the world first. Reap what you sow... Japan's xenophobia is so strong that they don't care about doing what they need to to get back on top (embrace immigration). The USA may be headed in that direction but we are no where near the shitstorm of demographics and xenophobia that Japan is dealing with. Are you all claiming that people with one-hit wonders aren't succesful? Like yeah, Baauer isn't especially talented but he's going to be remembered forever for "Harlem Shake" Same with Sir mix-a-lot and baby got back. They have some pretty low minimums. If you make one great work - you can coast on that forever. Until foreign demand for the US dollar stops (and there's no sign of this happening) you have nothing to worry about. It's stuff like this which teaches children to not fight for a better tomorrow. Obsessing over unfairness is how you form political movements to make things fair. As someone whose tried this repo extensively with politican sound clips (I wanted to troll buddies on discord) - it kinds blows. Don't get me wrong - it's really neat but the results are far less good than one may expect. Sometimes it almost works, and then it's just totally absurd. Long pauses, voices that don't sound compelling, total failures on female voices. It's great in theory but it showed me that there's a ton of work to be done with voice cloning. Props to the author for using UMAP to seperates voices though Also lol at the demand being so high that there are open issues of people offering to pay others to install this on their machine. Freelancing opportunities show up in the strangest of places... Isn't that already done? They're called generative adversarial networks... Yeah the HN userbase can be extremely frustrating to deal with. Your comments will be flagged and you'll likely get some admin telling you to read the HN guidelines as though it means anything or matters. But I want you to know that someone else on this site sees the bullshit within the community that exasperated you so much. The HN crowd will upvoted BS posts and downvote substantial discussion on basically a random whim. The admins are known to very insulting label good posts as things such as "tedious ideological boilerplate" or "political flame bait" when they personally don't like what was posted. The userbase treats upvotes and downvotes exactly the way they're used on Reddit. This place is basically just nerd Reddit. Unfortunately your claim about the virginity of the userbase is both unnecessary (and guaranteed to find the wrath of the powers here) and most likely wrong because the folks here really do make money. You gotta play the game by their rules or they grey you out. Use those coding skills we all supposedly have to make a new platform and make it better so you can steal away the part of HNs userbase whose worth a damn. That's likely the only way to "fight da powah" since you're obviously very unhappy about this whole ordeal... Well, Americans are going to be forced into multi-year lockdowns when they realize that reinfection is a real possibility and even if not that the infectivity of this is so high that lifting of stay at home orders will cause numbers to begin overwhelming hospitals again within weeks. Herd immunity is unlikely to save us in the short or even medium term. There's talk of multiple strains or of it mutating in ways which aren't necessarily more deadly but make reinfection possible independently of the currently found 2% who seem to be testing positive again after "recovering" from covid Then the powers that be will realize just how deep of a shit situation we are in. The people who are protesting now are likely infecting themselves or will soon know a loved one with this and soon they will personally realize how stupid they were to protest this. It's only a matter of time... Maybe I'll say what a lot of people are already thinking but may not want to say out loud: I don't care Until someone can show me strong evidence that cat related hunting of this wildlife has a short or even long term affect on humans (through biodiversity loss of keystone species for example) than I think that the utility gained from enjoying the company of the local feline hunters is worth it. Frankly, I don't give a damn about pidgons or whatever else they're hunting until it impacts me directly. Shun my egoism with your Christian inspired morality all you want but at heart the vast majority of people are egoists in denial anyway. Maybe I got the parasite as a serial cat owner and that's what's motivating me to talk this way but there seems to be an opposite parasite going around since many here are openly calling for folks to murder domestic house cats who are allowed to roam outside. Part of what I'm articulating is based on my fundemental belief in anthropocentrism which I've never understood to be a bad word. Humans have more value-to-life than wild animals. The animals humans care about (like pets) have more value-to-life than pidgons. The alternative to this view (animal and human value to life is comparable) is veganism and you see how often that view shunned by the public at large. Admittedly, nature is pretty messed up and it'd nice if house cats would be better about not causing their prey to suffer on the way out - but nature doesn't seem to care about morality so I'll give cats a pass as "not being ethical actors" on this one... Yo dude al-queda has certainly tried to get their hands on precursors for making a Nuke. You can thank Obama for making nuclear prolif hard but a single shipping container nuke in the wrong place going off will make 9/11 and coronavirus look like a walk in the park compared to the existential shitstorm of a Nuke on a populated city. Have you seen what Firestone has done to Liberia? Dude come on. The banana wars? Talk about not being charitable to history They're responsible at least for the oppression of millions of people. 10 million deaths can't be directly attributed to them but they can be attributed maybe 1/10th of that. The issue is that there are a lot of corporations for which the case is pretty good that theyve left a lot of people to die and far more oppressed. I was about to make the comment about the Zizek connection but you beat me to it! Fun fact, Zizek came in a very close 4th place for President of Solvenia in 1990. I was shocked that he almost became a legitimate president back in the day. Zizek is sometimes great but you might as well tune out the moment that he brings up Lacan because every single bit of Lacan is intellectual Charlatanism of the highest order. It's a black stain on Zizek that he continues to see that work as being relevant in the slightest. No, the mirror stage is not the beginning of psycho-social development. No, Freud and Lacan and Deleuze are not useful scholars to be reading in any era (much less today). No, they do not have anything of value to provide except intellectual masturbation. I wish Freudian Psychoanalysists and its disciples would finally die off in the ivory tower but it just hasn't. Even Jung is more coherent and closer to testable than fking Freud. Find audio clips of trump speaking Try running then through this See what you get. To be fair, I was trying this repo almost a 6 months ago so updates may have improved it. Pot prices in the original legal states are already very low (with the possible exception of California which is double that of Oregon or Washington). There is a massive oversupply of the stuff on the west coast. I wouldn't complain about 80$ oz's turning into 50$ oz's, but it doesn't seem all that necessary. Also, folks shouldn't be smoking or even vaping right now (what's the point of making your possible lung complications from COVID worse???) Just make edibles. You can also play video games that teach you things which are marginally useful in your life e.g. Paradox Grand Strategy titles (History) or games like Factorio (Systems design / "Programming") or even TIS-100 (actual programming) Funny enough, I spent a few weeks binging on a somewhat realistic civil war sim called "Ultimate General: Civil War" which I think teaches (civil war era) military tactics and military history quite effectively. I now know all of the famous civil war battles pretty well. I've lived in both the PNW and the Bay Area and I can't tell the difference between the water in each location. It's great in both locations (north bay, SF proper, or peninsula). I won't speak to the south bay though Having spent some time in Arizona, that's a place where the water quality and taste is horrible. You bay area folks don't know how good you have it. Intel sure does - and they're more of a hardware company than Apple is... Paine was the Bernie Sanders of his era. He was a hardcore humanist and abolitionist. Very few Americans realize how marganalized he became after the revolution. His story is a sad one and he should be celebrated far more than basically any other founding father by persons of conscious ML and AI are the same thing You're right the NLP is hard, but not everyone sucks at it. What got me is that he spends the very beginning of that book being like "People in the Victorian era thought that they were sexually repressed... They aren't, but let's spend 300+ pages on why they thought that they were sexually repressed." Between this and his BS explanations for why Leprosy disappeared from Europe I realized that Foucault was a charlatan. Essential doesn't imply "Not replaceable". With 22 million out of work, it's easily to replace an "essential" meat packer. It's far harder to replace an engineer or doctor even if they aren't essential That's why white collar workers make so much money in the first place... At what level? Oracle OCI was paying the most in average to new devs a few short months ago according to levels.fyi so maybe you mean at the senior level or higher? Kernel function is simple - Are you in a high dimensional space? If so, choose linear kernel. Else? Choose the most non-linear one you can (usually a guassian or RBF). I suppose quadratic and the other kernals are useful if what your modeling looks like that but in practice that is rare. Prediction is not that slow with linear SVMs especially not compared to something like K-NN. The main hyperparamaters which matter are the "C" value and maybe class weights if you have recall or precision requirements. The C value is something that should be grid-searched, but you might as well be grid-searching everything that matters on every ML algorithm and in this regard SVMs are fast to iterate over (because the C value is all that matters). Applying categorical and continuous features is not difficult if you choose to do it in anything more sophisticated than sklearn. Also, pd.get_dummies() exists (though it may lead to that slow prediction you're concerned about) You're most likely right with GBM or Random Forests - though they can have all sorts of issues with parallelism if you're not on the right kind of system. You talk about linear models but SVMs are usually using linear kernals anyway and are a generalization of linear models (including lasso and ridge regression models). Levels.fyi is way outside of the HN-bubble... Ever heard of blind? Levels.fyi is their holy Grail. Thank you for this anecdote. I made a post awhile ago about how it's almost never small-time authors who get screwed by piracy and was promptly downvoted Yet again, we find that benefits of exposure > costs of some free-loading This is the best and worst part about open source dev. Pro: You can do whatever you want Con: You can do whatever you want (including things that will bite you in the ass later) I've also noticed that AI/ML falls into the exact same pit because many folks there are cowboy coding It's common knowledge. Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid alone account for more than half of the total federal budget (before covid) Progressives will tell you that these are expensive programs. Progressive wants to significantly cut the military, and replace medicare/medicaid with a single-payer universal system which would be far cheaper. They also want higher taxes to help fund these programs and redistribute wealth from the wealthy to the poor. The bezels on this (and macbooks) are still SO HUGE. Guess I'm gonna keep recommending that my friends buy XPS's until they figure out that big bezels are ugly. Women are not showing demand for male sex bots. It is far easier for a woman who desires sex to have it quickly with something higher quality than a sexbot (think tinder) than it is for men. As a result, men want to buy sexbots. Woman who want male bots likely make up less than 5% of the sexbot market and that's generous as hell of an estimate. I'm willing to bet that this is not all social construction, and a world where men were equally as objectified would only cause slightly more demand for male sexbots. Additionally, I think male objectification is more widespread than you give it credit for. Though, much of it is men objectifying other men. You're right about your other points though. [flagged] I don't know where all of the love for KDE is coming from. It's got so many graphical and UI bugs even in comparison to XFCE that I can't use it as my daily driver. A truly terrible book through and through. The best chapter is his review of JG Ballards "Crash". Jean Baudrillard is the worst kind of intellectual charlatan and I am surprised to see folks around here who don't see that. Actually Baudrillard, the gulf war DID happen. The phenomenon that he identifies in books like this (Tv news tries to show you an illusion instead of the truth) don't need post-modernist mystical explanations. AutoHotKey scripts gets me some pretty insane lee-sin ward-hops so yeah its a pretty awesome tool. You can mess with league of legends folks a lot with it actually. You can use it to spam 5 pings around someone instantly. You can spam emotes with it. You can write messages quickly in chat. There is a name for this phenomenon https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resistentialism Bernie not voting yes for this is the final nail in the coffin for my enthusiasm towards him. I'd still take him over others, but he's no longer the firebrand anti-authoritarian that I took him for initially. Haskell is popular in universities, fintech companies, and among the FP crowed at large. Many programmers know of it's benefits and simply avoid it because FP is very difficult for many to code in and Haskell is trying to be FP only... Bright searches through all of the people who starred a particular repo, then looks at how many stars each of their repos have. It sums the total number of stars from each user to compute a "Brightness" score for a repo. It also creates a tree for visualizing what repos that your stargazers have made and which of those repos have a lot of stars. The intuition behind this is that a user who has a cumulative 1000 github stars is likely more experienced and knowledgable than a user with 0 github stars. Repositories which have thousands of stars from fake bot accounts (whose accounts would have 0 cumulative stars) would have a brightness score of zero, but a repository which seems unimportant but had a highly experienced developer star it would have a high brightness score. Find it yourself, a single Google search will find that he's correct about the vitamin E Uhh, PCA is reversable so you can explain the solution of any PCA based transformation nicely, unless you have a different black-box somewhere in your pipeline. If you're in sklearn, the method you want to use is the "inverse transform" I wonder about how much of my information is contained here. Maybe I can ask them for my info if I lose it and use them as a free backup service? /Sarcasm Bingo! This post is what I wish every person was taught about health. It always goes back to calories in/calories out... From the moment that I tried my hand at making a queryable summarizer ( https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 ) I've been obsessed with the field and love to see innovation like this happening. They found a way to get grammatically correct, queryable sentence based summarization out of any article. That's very impressive to me. Don't make posts about post-modernism or critical theory on HN. They are always, inevitably down-voted regardless of position and will earn you the ire of the mods. No - nearly all life on earth would end within hours. Europe, Asia, etc won't just sit around. Think more like 5 billion dead in a few hours... Any real war involving the US vs Russia or China draws in all allies, goes nuclear, and results in the complete annihilation of civilization. Anywhere untouched by direct bombing will be dealing with a radiation cloud which will slowly kill them on top of a global ice-age Fun reading about that prospect: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_the_Beach_(novel) Seems the integralists never went away... Aw, the famous game design YouTube channel "Design doc" is nowhere to be found here. I thought he was pivoting to dev advice... You might as well just use something like plantUML instead of this from a productivity standpoint. However, I don't want to discount the value of Graphviz. Python has a little known class diagram generator built into pylint which uses Graphviz for its rendering and its pretty cool. You can find out just how bad your #BIGCORPS code architecture is just by checking a reasonably large project with Pylints class diagraming tool... I love that it's porn (and specifically furry/hentai) which pushes the limits of image recognition and creativity within computer vision. Between this and the de-censoring tool "DeepCreamPy" I can't look most data scientists in the face anymore . It'd be nice if vector based approaches (think MBTI tests being originally created using PCA) would use state of the art dimensionality reduction techniques instead of stuff from the 70s so that way each vector actually matters and explains far more variance in the data. If you need interpretability just use an autoencoder or simese network instead of PCA. This way the new "personality" vectors are highly meaningful and visualizations are better... Which one of them likes the electoral college? Wow! Even if this is a coincidence, the rest of the evidence presented by the author is pretty sound. Truly a plot against America. I used to think that calling trump a fascist was overboard but maybe it's getting closer to being applicable... Maybe it's because this isn't actually political flamebait and you simply misevaluated the intent and effects of this post. When someone asks what "attention to detail" is, I want to point them to this post... The evidence of woman having on average EQ that is higher than men is overwhelming, at least in experimental settings [1]. The evidence of men having more "technical aptitude" or even "IQ" either doesn't exist or is supremely terrible. Stereotypes are just heuristics for trying to discern a quality about someone based on their appearance. Sometimes those stereotypes are highly predictive. For instance, if you have poor eye-sight, than your on average more intelligent than people with better eye-sight[2][3][4] This is why society (rightfully) assumes that you are smarter or more "nerdy" if you wear glasses. This does not tell you what the cause is, but the stereotype absolutely helps make predictions about individuals when other information is not available. Sorry, it sucks, and it's not fair to be stereotyped one way while not being the person you are stereotyped as, but stereotyping is in general both inevitable and good. [1] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_differences_in_emotional... [2] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3417304 [3] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2904062 ).%E2%80%9D [4] http://www.pum.edu.pl/__data/assets/pdf_file/0008/13211/54-0... ).%E2%80%9D "Durian does not stink of death" Sounds like you're the one spreading lies. Durian is without a doubt, the smelliest, nastiest fruit I have ever had the displeasure of ever smelling or eating in my life. My wife is from SEA and literally laughed out loud when I showed her your post. Check yourself before you try to check others. Paradise Lost is extremely poorly written religious fan-fiction. The first 4 chapters which describe how Lucifer became lucifer are actually sort of interesting, and then the most boring, wordy, and repetitive of narratives are told for the next 15? Chapters I'd rather reread such (by comparison) brief works like "A tale of two cities" because literally any other work was far less wordy and far more interesting. Paradise Lost is the only book I've ever just put down and refused to finish for a "honors" English class in senior year. If you are forced to read this crap for a class - just find the sparknotes and read something more comprehensible in the mean time. They are? That's geopolitical insanity for China. Talk about playing into the interests of your adversary. The USA is ready to eat pop-corn while our adversary (China) kills themselves over an obscure border region with India. Just find a western nation with nukes and try to move there... Any hot war between a western nation and China goes nuclear, brings in all powers, and leads to the end of civilization. There is no scenario where combat beyond a border skirmish doesn't lead to total nuclear annihilation. Some large conventional war between NATO and China is fantasy and poorly reasoned fantasy at that. That's good though, it means that a hot war with China is extremely unlikely and everyone on all sides will try to prevent it. As far as fear of climate related stuff goes - it's pretty shitty but historically situations like climate change mostly just screw over the poorest in society. Medieval ice ages almost never impacted kings the way they did to peasants. Sounds like you have incentive to acquire as much power and wealth as possible before climate migrants plunge the world into deterioration... Sounds like it's time for anti-racist movements to start pressuring the ML community to start introducing and using datasets which aren't biased towards white people. Though, things like black people being more poorly recognized by facial recognition can be a blessing in disguise depending on the circumstances That belief is directly hostile to critical thinking. Critical thinking is the ability to critique - specifically, to explain what is wrong or bad about a particular system. All this advancement in text generation - but it you want to use it to represent sentences or documents in a semantic space you still have to use horrifically bad techniques like average or max pooling. When is someone going to advance pooling techniques? We desperately need improvement! BLEU and ROUGE scores are almost useless for what they are trying to do (measure how good translation or summarization systems are). The author shows a great example of an excellent translation getting a 0 score. I tried submitting a NLP paper where I explicitly laid out my reasons for avoiding evaluating my system with ROGUE scores and I learned really quickly that despite having a terrible scoring metric, the NLP community would rather reject all papers without ROGUE scores reported rather than admit that there is an incredible lack of methods for automatically evaluating summaries or translations. How many good translation or summarization ideas are not published or utilized just because they don't get high BLEU scores? I bet it's a lot of them... Maybe that was the case when we were using DUC datasets with several gold standard summaries or translations. It certainly is not the case on classic datasets like CNN/Dailymail where there is only one gold standard summary. Isn't Kerala ran by literal communists? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communism_in_Kerala Edit: downvoters should instead explain to me why my point is wrong. Kerala has been ran by the local communist parties for most of the last 40 years, and communists keep winning majorities there. Seems to go against the OP claim https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Left_Democratic_Front_(Keral... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Kerala_Legislative_Asse... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Kerala_Legislative_Asse... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_Kerala_Legislative_Asse... And so on, the communists and the other party trade power most elections. I love how real horshoe theory actually is because no one actually thinks it's legitimate but it really did properly describe politics until 1945... The Nazis and communists had a lot in common in 1930's Nazi Germany. They even made jokes about how often people switched parties... "In some cities, the numeral strength of party-switching beefsteak Nazis was estimated to be large. Rudolf Diels (the head of the Gestapo from 1933 to 1934) reported that "70 percent" of the new SA recruits had been Communists in the city of Berlin" https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beefsteak_Nazi NEAT just doesn't have good, modern GPU powered implementations. NEAT would totally be competitive if someone actually gets a version running in PyTorch/Tensorflow It's because prior to the Rohm Purge ( the correct name for the "night of the long knives"), the SA and parts of the Nazi Party ran by Ernest Rohm took the "Socialism" part of the 'National Socialist" name seriously. This is what led him to be purged. The Nazis and their corporate backers (IG Faben, Messerschmidt, etc) did NOT like the idea of socialists being in power and gave Hitler an ultimatum which lead to the "Socialist" part of the platform being de-facto abandoned by 1934. Mechanism is by reducing the blue light hazard right? This is the same thing as why red light is used is the astronomy community to preserve night vision. Yet another paper with results that basically look like this: https://d3b8hk1o42ev08.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/201... Still impressive, don't get me wrong, but I am starting to believe that NLP will be dominated increasingly by the big players since they are the only ones who can train a 1 TRILLION parameter model (they show that in the paper). I can't even do inference with a 36 layer, 2048 neuron per layer network with my GTX 2080ti. Sad.... Such a terrible response to someone venting out their economic anxieties. What is the performance of reformer or linformer or any of these other new models in practical applications (not the benchmarks that researchers game)? Is it better than BERT? Sounds like an excuse to pay people who aren't as good at leetcode less... You're getting downvoted because you're right and grad-students / ML professors don't want to admit that they can do a lot better in this regard. Kill the LSA/NMF middle-man and use UMAP directly. It supports sparse (tf-idf) vectors. I don't believe you. Surely, after a few hints, the FAANG canidates must have been able to figure out the classic gotcha of this question (why does this sometimes overflow and how do you fix {high + low / 2}) If they didn't, than I believe you did a poor job of guiding them. I refuse to believe that this is some esoteric, tough question. If you can solve dynamic programming problems, you can easily solve this one. For another example of things staying the same far longer than they should within left-wing thought: Most of the "leftist cannon" still believes in psychoanalysis or it's increasingly absurd derivatives (schizoanalysis or analytic psychoanalysis being good examples). Not sure what to do about disproven bullshit being peddled as facts by parts of academia. I shouldn't have to argue with a PH.D in critical terror studies about the existence of the Oedipus complex... What else is hard besides converting (high + low) / 2 To Low + (high - low) / 2 What else about this problem is a "sharp edge"? Deleuze might tell you that it's a rejection but it's actually an absurd derivative of it. This actually makes sense to me, but for those who aren't familiar with set theory, you may want to link this for context: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuum_hypothesis And to top it all off, Vietnam forever and ever will hate China. The enemy of my enemy... Uhh, why? They're not really related to each other... But killing black people is okay because of... optics? God damn Americans really do be like this sometimes don't they? "intellectual" sounding but certainly not actually "intellectual". Foucault's explanation for why leprosy disappeared from Europe is pure psudoscience, along with the entirety of psychoanalysis (which he accepted at least partially). I don't like scholars who take the likes of Lacan as being serious instead of charlatans Foucault had some good ideas in works like Discipline and Punish or A history of Sexuality but filtering between the noise and signal is extremely tough with him... I was one of the people who didn't think that transformers would be powerful enough to automate software engineers out of a job. I was wrong. It's coming for front-end engineers and it's coming soon. The gini coefficient of Germany means that the average citizen of Germany has likely more money and a higher standard of living than the average American. Germany has far fewer ultra-rich and ultra-poor people. Gdp per capital is misleading without talking about measures of income inequality We have so much french in this language. Ever wonder why it's called a "vending machine"? Look up the french verb for "to sell" It's everywhere. English usually has a competing french and German derived word for each experience. I don't see what is arendtian about this... Good luck with anything of non trivial types. Numba is awesome but also quite finicky. They only released GPT-2 large after other language models came out that were even larger, like T5... Larry is a Trump supporter because he can make money through pay-for-play agreements with Trump and the administration. Oracle is not going to enjoy the long term effects of Trumps immigration policies, and once it hits Larry where it hurts (his pocketbook) he will suddenly support the DNC again... Gradient free optimization is not used much in Neural Networks except in Reinforcement Learning. I think it's because backprop is objectively faster for most supervised problems than other techniques (e.g. simulated annealing or GAs) Uhhh, no. If your model is using subword tokenization like fasttext or... BERT with wordpiece (and the GPT-X models do this...), than you can generate entirely new words. Wasn't there a demo about doing exactly this a few days ago? https://www.thisworddoesnotexist.com/ I've been waiting for someone to do a proper semantic search plugin in a browser for awhile. There was one awhile back called... Fuzbal ... which used word2vec and was good but has not been updated. You've implemented a more question-answer based approach. This is awesome! I think that the real innovation will be when users are given exposure to lots of different models, and have the pros and cons of these models are properly explained to them. Maybe I want to use this on specialized bio-medical literature and would be better off with a model fine-tuned in that domain instead of on Squad. Also, shameless self-plug, I wrote a system that does extractive summarization/highlighting of documents which is in principle very similar to what is going on here ( https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 ). For awhile, I had a hosted, web accessible version of this system available to make it easy to show it off to interviewers. It could highlight the important parts of a web-page based on a user query at either the word, sentence, n-gram, or paragraph level. I figured that the next step was to make it a browser extension. I simply wasn't proficient enough in JS and at the time I was working on this, quantized/pruned models were slightly less good. I firmly believe that making high quality semantic search work everywhere will be an extreme (and obvious) step-forward for most peoples daily tasks. What a brave new world we are entering! Yeah, this post sounds fake and wrong and should be rejected. Japan is most likely the most hygienic country on earth (okay, Singapore may beat them). Sure you can find some backwater somewhere in Japan with worse hygiene than the USA, but the overwhelming majority of that nation has levels of hygiene which make even the cleanest parts of America look like a pig pen. Egoism and self-interest are the same thing. This definition of egoism presented here with the "at the expense of" language is so loaded and wrong smh... The militia is well regulated, not the right to bear arms... Hahahahaha! This cynical attitude would condemn the OP to a mundane life rather than being poisoned by a dictator. Opposition politicans in dictatorships are brave... And arguably suicidal... Real life SCP How about canada annexes the US instead? Maybe you are learning that being actually "nationalistic" (ie maximizing the prosperity of the nation) implies supporting strong high skilled immigration pipelines because of the incredible benefits these immigrants have for the nation and it's native inhabitants. It's a great irony that those who reject taking the best and brightest are the "nationalists" and those who want to take the best and brightest are the "globalists". CRFs are still state of the art on many domains, and in some places are only just now being beaten by (far more expensive) transformer models. What are you smoking with this claim that CRFs are not useful to read about? CRFs are used a lot within industry and are very effective and interpretable... I wrote a summarizer which (when using the right settings) performs unsupervised key phrase extraction using language models. It is available here: https://github.com/Hellisotherpeople/CX_DB8 It seems that it would be very useful to you. Like most data science code, it's non-trivial to install (it used to be when it was still updated)mostly because some dependencies are out of date and I will not risk a lawsuit from my current employer due to the similarity between this work and my day-to-day work. There is a jupyter notebook available which will allow you to use it without an install Is this Amazon? It sounds like Amazon... Not only is inflation extremely low, but we were at serious risk of a deflationary spiral without all the funny-money that the feds are pumping into the economy. Central banks introduced liqudity to make sure deflation did not happen. Foreign demand for the dollar is at all time highs. People forget this and don't think about the impact that this has on currency prices. Also, the "inflation is actually happening they just don't measure it right" crowd are delusional. Maybe they were right before covid, but they're extremely wrong now. This is why I wish I had a pension instead of a 401k. Too bad that the people who still offer pensions are also paying a lot less on average (usually due to being government related) than companies offering 401ks do. Nope, there will be no great power wars while MAD still exists (and it does between china and the US). At best, you will get some kind of military skirmish before they decide to pull out the nukes. There will likely be threats of nuclear exchange which lead to a cease fire. If there is no cease fire, than God help us all. But no, two nuclear armed states are not going to fight a large scale conventional war. Partly this is because the US would spank China in a conventional war. Lmao. Talk to anyone from east or south east asia about their thoughts of the british (if they were part of a former colonized country) and the story will go something like this: "Well, the british weren't perfect but compared to Japan, or the 50 years of totalitarian warlords who ruled after, they were a paradise" Uhh, they just drank different milk. Ox milk, goat milk, etc. Cattle are not always found in other places. Yes! Gnostic revival! Make it happen!! You didn't explain why its faster though. It's faster because its reduces the dimensionality of the inputs down to something manageable (hundreds or low thousands). You can replace convolutions with most other types of dimensionality reduction (including other types of layers) and outside of image tasks you'll get very similar or even better performance. re: the marxism questions Several reasons. 1. Unemployment is at 8.5%, and was double digits until recently. Wingcuck ideologies are more popular when the economy is poor. 2. The US is going through another red scare right now. Lots of evidence for this between BLM protestors, the rise of "antifa", and (finally) a right-wing reaction to institutional left-wing post-modernism and critical theory (e.g. https://www.marketwatch.com/story/trump-wants-white-privileg... ) 3. In the early part of COVID, when there were policies put into place by the feds to prevent people from being kicked out, there were viral campaigns for people to do "rent strikes" and refuse to pay any of their rent. Such forms of economic organization are Marxist and were successful for some of the participants. This feeds into my 2nd point. 4. Trump has strong reasons for drumming up his image as the law and order candidate. He's likely instructed the spooks and glowies within the intelligence agencies to do something similar to Operation Mockingbird for manipulating public opinion to be in his favor. Maybe the intelligence agencies are doing it on their own initiative. Right-wing journalism about "google engineers who are antifa members" is shocking good at swinging undecided voters who care about law and order. Also, I think even most Capitalists concede that landlords are shitty (unless they are a landlord) - but they don't advocate for expropriation or putting them against the wall... Yeah, I'm still going to sign a DNR order so that if I'm in this situation, that I can have an escape. It's not worth 12 years of being locked in to your body to have a tiny chance of escape. I am so afraid of a situation like this happening to me. 350K is about enough to start considering buying a house in the bay area. Less than that and you have to make big compromises. The life you can't imagine are all the lucky Engineers to be paid bay area salaries at reasonable cost of living locations like Seattle. You may laugh at me calling Seattle "reasonable" but compared to the bay it is. For anyone into games like this, I also highly recommend Cataclysm: DDA It's like nuclear weapons just don't exist in your mind. I am so glad that geopolitics I'd handled by a select few rather than the supposedly educated crowd of hacker news... I wonder what percentage of former HN posters are going to try to become card carrying political officers for the CCP in the future... That's why Astroid Mining and inter-steller mining technologies can't come soon enough. I can't believe that we went to the moon in the 1960's and now we cannot get support 60 years later for trying to economically exploit space. While you can find some/many luxury features on non-luxury cars, it's rare to get everything you want on a car without those luxury prices (if you are buying new / lightly used, and you get outdated if you go too far out). Let's list some of the features that modern cars have which significantly improve the utility of them to most drivers, and which are considered (by the market) to be worth 45k+ Blind spot monitors, rear/side cross traffic alert, auto-dimming mirrors, digital mirrors (for when you have tons of cargo blocking mirrors), Backup/360 Panoramic Cameras, Parking Sensors, heads up display (massive safety benefit), Satellite Radio, lane keep assist, radar cruise control, pre-collision and collision mitigation systems (active breaking), improved design / additional weight for safety in collisions, more and better airbags. Better seats, better audio system, Nicer infotainment systems with Carplay/Andriod Auto, Hybrid/PHEV/EV powertrain, better reliability (if you pay Toyota/Lexus/Honda/Acura tax), semi-autonomous driving (Tesla) I'm forgetting a bunch of stuff, but having recently purchased a 42K car with nearly all of these features and upgrading from a life of being driven in shitty base model kias, I find the utility gained from purchasing an expensive car to be MASSIVE. Driving went from being a frustrating chore to a pleasurable experience. The risk of death dropping by an order of magnitude is alone worth the money, let alone the massive comfort improvements. The utility increase of going from a ~2000 to a ~5000 computer can be significantly more than 10x depending on the domain. For instance, if you buy a 3090 Nvidia GPU with 24 gigs of VRAM, you are capable of training AI models that are eminently more capable of getting publications accepted than an owner of a 3080 would. (Yes, distributed training is possible, no it is not always an option). Sure, it's nowhere near 10X in gaming or flop improvement, but the relative capabilities offered by a top of the line computer can become exponentially more useful compared to a significantly cheaper computer. Especially because they used PCA of all things to figure out what these personality traits actually are. Fp16 is faster in this article on most models... I can't believe how much of a jerk you can be on HN and how much the crowd will just go with it (I am talking about the comment directly above mine, not the original one starting this thread) No, the OPs complaints are genuine, real, and experienced by multiple other (high quality) members... and telling the OP that stuff is "working as intended" is such a big slap in the face. You know, people who are very unhappy and believe they were unfairly singled out have been known to de very rash things in revenge. One day HN is going to moderate the wrong person in the wrong way and suddenly a mass DDOS attack happens. It would be better to act with compassion and an open mind towards this poster. To be clear, my post is not threatening, encouraging, or advocating for a cyber attack. The reality is that disgruntled members of a community are known to sometimes commit retaliatory cyber attacks. This is a risk that any website with technical proficient members has to deal with. People finance their cars, and increasingly even their phones these days. You DO make monthly payments on your car (and sometimes your phone) Oregon also has no sales tax, so real tax burdens between washington and Oregon are extremely similar in practice for most people - same with laws and culture. Norcal, oregon, washington and BC are similar enough culturally that many want them to form their own nation (cascadia) There is no war involving the US that involves the US being crippled without nuclear weapons. If you are worried about war related cannibalism, you should be far more worried about dying from nuclear annihilation... I don't believe you. Open Pilot can't use your blindspot cameras or any other additional sensors in your car. If I try to merge into another lane, and someone is in my blind spot, Open Pilot will try (and will crash my car). Super Cruise and Smart Eye don't have this problem. And yes, I have an Open Pilot for my Lexus RX 450h. Looks like the glowies and spooks are already out and doing damage control based on the color of your post. :( It seems to not support going in the reverse though, e.g. giving a vector in a low dimensional space and inverse transforming to a hypothetical generated document. Closest to this is the context starting text but it's not the same. To be clear, I'm describing using transformers as autoencoders Good old "actually I'm not a fascist, I'm a super fascist" evola... I'd like to see a resurgance in pattern mining and association rule mining. That stuff is do awesome and useful! Sounds like the law of identity... A rejection of truth doesn't necessarily imply that scientific-liberalism is bad. I don't think that the post-modernists should be held responsible for encouraging anti-scientific thinking - of course unless your version of science is that science and rationality give us absolute truths of the world. Science can have lots of utility and not find us truth at all. It's a fault of some post modernists for not saying this part out loud as much as they should, and maybe a small handful are the rabid radicals who reject the scientific method as not having any utility, but I don't think that the majority of left-wing post modernists are anti-science per say. I think that they want science to be more narrowly defined and to have a broader understanding of the socio-political ramification of its approaches. I attended my local UU church extensively as an atheist for awhile. 10/10 would recommend. People in America complain about how biased our media is. I remind them that until they start watching C-SPAN instead of CNN for American politics that they are part of "the problem" I love C-SPAN and think that it is a significant public good. Check out C-SPANs website. They have a neat bill tracker which makes understanding the debates between legislatures easier. Have you considered trying more sophisticated dimensionality reduction algorithms? I'm especially interested in seeing the results of UMAP on this dataset. Also, what about doing inverse transforms to try to hallucinate music? I am a huge fan of roguelikes and I casually develop one of my own for fun (in a very very early stage of development) so anything like this instantly gets my upvote. This article is super sweet to see and the cogmind creator writes more about development for Roguelikes more than anyone else I know. Truly a wonderful resource in the community. I am however surprised by the omission of what I consider to be an obvious example of multi-tile creatures which would be vehicles in Cataclysm: DDA I suppose a vehicle is not a creature, but I think that for all intents and purposes, that the implementation details will be very similar. I think it's also possible to get AI controlled vehicles which are functionally very very similar to a creature. Of course, he may have left out Cataclysm DDA because its implementation is funky. You'll notice this if you take a pickup truck and turn in diagonal, suddenly opening up half of your vehicle to zombies despite it being closed when the vehicle oriented in any of the four standard directions (up, down, left, right) Wow! Yup! I totally missed it! My apologies! My issue with Arendt is that she's almost uncritically a defender of American-republicanism as opposed to European attempts at it. I'm not sure that the American Revolution was as uniquely awesome as she claims it was. I think that it's just as possible that it could have ended up with extreme totalitarianism much as the french one did, had things gone only slightly differently. Beyond being an overzealous fan of the USA (ironically on the grounds that it forces plurality as opposed to radicalism even though recent politics is slowly eroding this arguments). She also was pretty fking Racist, and while this may be hard for her fans to imagine, the quotes were pretty obvious when I was reading her works. ‘The right to free association, and therefore to discrimination, has greater validity than the principle of equality,” the context is for arguing in support of segregation in the US South - https://www.normfriesen.info/forgotten/little_rock1.pdf "To force parents to send their children to an integrated school ) against their will means to deprive them of rights which clearly belong to them in all free societies-the private right over their children and the social right to free association. " - end of that same article! Honestly, I like a lot of her writings but she was very flawed. BRB trying to work for home depot now Realpolitik means that we acknowledge that great power wars aren't an option while MAD exists - and that MAD isn't going anywhere for 100 years or more. That means that soft/economic power is far more important than hard power. Anti-ICBM tech sucks balls and it only gets worse with new weapons like nuclear cruise missiles. Hell, it's possible even if the second law holds. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turritopsis_dohrnii I'll take that exact bet for you. I like those odds because I know that the chance of california going red is effectively 0 The mental effort required to run the human analog to alpha-beta pruning is extremely rewarding for other tasks. Mental working memory is significantly stressed (and therefor, more capable). I wouldn't be surprised if studies on GM chess players show that their brains stay far more strong as they age than average individuals. "Ohhh yeahhhhhh" Help me, this game makes me feel weird inside. Tesla tries to pretend that they're somehow so far ahead of other automakers technologically. Aside from the electric power-trains and battery tech, they're just not ahead of other manufacturers. A few months ago, I tried Tesla's autopilot and found it extremely poor. It frequently took more time than expected for possible objects (that I saw) to appear on the head-unit. Further, the autopilot didn't detect a garbage can on the side of the road and almost tried to drive me into it. Why does the Tesla still refuse to put in blind-spot monitors? Why does elon still refuse to give us HUDs? Where is Android Auto / Apple CarPlay? I wish inverse distance scaling worked better in other domains - e.g. weighted nearest neighbor estimators seem to not generally perform better than unweighted ones. 2 things 1. Why was this formed as classification instead of as regression? Seems much more like a regression problem (predict how many upvotes you will get given a reddit post) 2. Seems like it could have been effective with better pre-training. I'd love to see the author rerun the experiments with the likes of GPT-2 or other pre-trained models vectorizing the text first. When will this be reviewed? Says it's still under review at ICLR... I think both are true. There is too much confidence among the "posh". Folks like current POTUS are exactly the type of people who get to where they are almost entirely by being confident. Notice that confidence (and being old money rich) is the only fundemental qualification here... Not much of a "working class" in places like Microsoft, Intel or Google where half of your comp is the extremely good WLB. Come on, it's an open secret that a significant minority at these companies do the minimum amount of work possible to keep their jobs. Usual this minimum amount of work is around the realm of one or two hours. Are you claiming that snowden is the owner of these coins???? You can use genetic algorithms for training the weights of a neurL network. This is called neuroevolution and it's competitive on reinforcement learning because gradients are harder to find there... I chuckle a bit when they put PCA as being the very last thing you learn, way after dimensionality reduction (PCA is the classic and most "simple" dimensionality reduction technique) Also, the reality is that very few full on AI experts (and yes, this means Ph.Ds with a lot of publications at top conferences who are also FAANG applied ML engineers) will have more than 70% of these skills. Luckily, this is a field which highly rewards specialization. They don't need the breadth if they have depth in their particular areas. My experience has been that in the vast majority of applied roles involving AI, there is not enough emphasis on the software engineering skills necessary for productizing the models, leading to situations like baron_harkonnens critique. While in practice this is true, a lot of work is being done to try to figure out how to make shallow neural networks train as fast as deep ones. We know by the UAT that in principle a shallow network with similar paramaters counts to a deep one should be capable of learning the same decision boundary... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_approximation_theo... I'd take 10 years in a swedish prison over 3 months in a US prison... I'm not convinced that exclusively "kicking up" does anything to meaningfully solve intolerance They have an optional secret ballot in all the votes. So does oregon who was doing vote by mail before it was cool... I'm guessing but I bet that about 30-40% of his voters believe it. It's not properly built in. OLEDs support full conversion to red-only light, allowing you to preserve your night vision. No other app or built in implementation except f.lux and cf.lumen allow for turning all colors off except red. This is the main reason that I jailbreak my android phone (a oneplus). Not ad blocking, not side loading apps, but because I want to not get my eyes destroyed every night when I try to go to the bathroom and use my phone as an impromptu flashlight... What the fuck guys? Do you just not care about astronomers? Why is it that no one has properly implemented all of f.luxs features? There are improvements within the GA field that try to approximate gradients or do other trickery to create a "feedback loop to improve the speed of the walk" while still being fundementally not much more than the traditional evolution loop. This is mostly nice in fields like Reinforcement Learning where computing gradients can be difficult. GAs can be quite useful in situations where there are tons of very bad local minima/maxima and you desire the global minima/maxima. Unfortunately, neural networks have lots of really great local minima/maxima and the state space is so large that you'll likely never get the global minima/maxima (and you wouldn't know it if you did). This is why "Neuroevolution" of neural network weights hasn't really caught on. Would it have cost more than 200 million to treat all of the California Uber employees as full time employees (ergo, to do what Uber didn't want to do so badly they got a ballot initiative). I voted no on this because Uber can deal with it. I bet the costs to them from following through would have been less than 200 million... Lmao, Dang must not be awake, because this is far more of a "political flame-bait' thread than basically any other I've seen on this website in quite some time. Hahaha, good correction. All that does is reduce my already low amounts of sympathy for Uber Look up "aspect based sentiment analysis" Wake up Dang, this is another one of those "political flame-bait threads"! a solid 35-40% of the Democratic Party is explicitly anti-corporate, remember occupy wall-street and the success of Bernie Sanders? Remember Warren calling for breaking up big tech? Even Biden and Obama frequently deployed (light) anti-corporate rhetoric in their campaigns and presidency. Trump is a billionaire and a defender of the corporate class. His entire administration consists of ex-corporate wall-street types folks and/or zealot yes-men. You may be right that the "inroads with the working class" are being made, but only in the form of the working class being convinced that their interests are the same as the corporate classes interests... though even that analysis may be wrong considering that Biden won by convincing voters in the rust and sun belt to vote for him. The worst part is that Democrats eat that shit up. I can't believe that we're going to get nothing done for another 4 years because Biden believes in a weaker executive branch. Personally, I think the president has far too much power (especially in war-powers), but Biden will need to deploy a ton of executive orders to get anything done with the legislative branch he's about to get - and he won't do it because he (along with his party and Obama) believe in fair-play, norms and institutions. The issue is that their opponents don't. Republicans will win back the house in 2024 in no small part due to Biden being precieved as having done nothing due to his reluctance to use executive orders to legislate from the oval office like his predecessor did. "Is it right to create something that may be similar to us and then not even give it a chance to live?" The only difference between this and abortion is that the species is somehow "novel". You should resolve the ethical issues with genetic engineering research in a similar way to however you resolve the ethical issues related to abortion. I am a strong atheist, but I have a hard time calling Ramanujan a liar when he says that god (or a god) give him his knowledge... HN really needs a way to force people to have at least clicked on the article before posting. Maybe something where the article has to be clicked on, and then a X minute timer is started so that people will be strongly incentivized to read the article before commenting. Because it takes far longer to confirm if a claim is true or not than it does to make a claim. The folks who makes lots of claims which are false know this, and do so anyway because it is effective at swaying public opinion. "never allow the public to cool off; never admit a fault or wrong; never concede that there may be some good in your enemy; never leave room for alternatives; never accept blame; concentrate on one enemy at a time and blame him for everything that goes wrong; people will believe a big lie sooner than a little one; and if you repeat it frequently enough people will sooner or later believe it." Isn't that basically what the Allegory of the cave is advocating for? If you are uneducated (and almost certainly poor), you do not see reality for how it is, but instead you see shadows against the wall. Only through the process of a dialectical education can you begin to see reality for how it is. As a result, only the educated enlightened individuals should become kings or the guardians of a state. Any system which agrees with this allegory (and most of Western Philosophy implicity agrees with it) also results in the notion that poor people should not be enfranchised at the same level as wealthier people because they cannot be trusted to govern. If you reject this allegory, than the fundamental justification for hierarchy (some are more fit to rule than others) and correspondingly the state is shattered Of course you will, but the point is that many people like you will find such a process more of a hassle than it's worth. My solution would reduce the amount of this happening significantly, even if it won't stop every do-badder... Its impossible to not be fallacious in any meaningful discourse that goes on long enough, and that's okay. Every single invocation of an expert is an argument from authority. Every single invocation of logic like "it is more like nature therefor it is more good" is a naturalistic fallacy. Do we even need to get to other ones like "appeal to emotion"? Maybe we should instead recognize that "logic" does not necessarily describe reality (given that there are an infinite number of possible logics based on which axioms you start with), and that being worried about and trying to avoid "logical fallacies" in our reasoning does not help us see reality more closely to how it is. Thorium msr reactors almost solves the last two problems... For the two weeks before I had to WFH at my current job (I joined in February), I had my own office in an extremely beautiful tech HQ building. That office was hella nice, but I'm still far happier at home. I don't think my home office is all that nice, but I simply value the freedom given to me from WFH far more than the "benefits" of the office. You're being downvoted because people on HN don't like being reminded about how good they have it. Sorry, you don't deserve this. In real life? Maybe 10. On the internet? Maybe I spend too much time on discord, but I've met potentially hundreds of people who unironically believe that the value to life of non-white people is very low and that most do not deserve life. Lots of actual crypto Nazis and fascists are there and they radicalize young and impressionable gamers... This paper is neat! More broadly, I am very concerned by how difficult it is to actually meaningfully run model explainability techniques on black-box models in the context of text/images in the real world. Most people are not AI researchers and do not want to deal with the hassle of trying random research code off of github (which usually is chalk full of bugs) the ELI5 library implements LIME really well for text, and I have not found an equivalent with SHAP that has all of the same functionality (highlighting most important words and exporting in pretty HTML being the big one). It's even worse when you start moving towards the neural network gradient explanations. There are libraries like Captum except in practice it fails on all the big-azz transformer language models I try to train. I'm still not sure as to how to run any of these gradient explanation methods on pytorch transformer models. Even if they do run, they don't display saliency maps with as much detail as the ELI5 library does... There's so much good research in explainable AI, and so much engineering work which remains to be done! FFS I had to hack the hell out of ELI5/LIME to get it to work on clustering (and I still don't know why explainable clustering is not really done, and why I couldn't find an off-the-shelf solution for this.) Even more interesting is to show that you can also optimize the neural network weights using a GA or even the authors own basic method. Would be interesting to compare the results of the authors method with the neural network optimized in the same way. Correct. I was waiting for someone to point this out. He optimized the paramaters of a polynomial equation. The machine learned to effectively race around the track through this optimization. The machine learned This post isn't about learning NN weights with GAs, Also the reinforcement learning community does a significant amount of it's work with neural networks which are not trained using gradients. Gradient free training is a highly active research area. More like 90% of neural networks are trained with gradient descent It's attainable in eco-mode but no one will drive it only in eco-mode because it's so slow. Source, I own this exact SUV. In sport+ mode, I get close to what you mentioned. Why isn't there a more political movement around "lookism?" Seems equivalent to the body positivity movement and the anti fat-shaming movement. Incels and other types who find little success with women have a certain right to be frustrated that we just accept other forms of social justice while leaving them out. Consider that some european states already believe that sex is a transcendental enough experience to call for or implement policies like this: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-sexu... https://www.mic.com/articles/85201/the-surprising-way-the-ne... Incels and other folks who are truly marginalized from the dating and/or casual sex market should have have a good reason to long for state assistance. This would be very good for society as a strong reason for radicalization of the youth is shame over being marganalized from the sexual marketplace... On the upside, traveling nurses are now routinely making 5-10K a week (and they usually get real PPE rather than be told to reuse stuff) That's far better money than most soldiers (or even FAANG engineers) make, and the risk of being shot or having to write crappy unit tests is far smaller. Source if you don't believe me: https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/24/health/covid-nurses-big-money... Lmao what's wrong downvoters? Don't like being told that nurses are making more than you? Money absolutely makes up for it. I used the soldier example because we as a society have decided that their PTSD and other burn-out is compensated by medical-care, and the money / benefits that the military pays you. One usually knows the serious risks of developing PTSD from being a soldier before entering. We do the same for Police Officers, and it's for these reasons that cops end up so well paid in many places. The medical field is similar. We pay them more as a way to compensate them for the utility they bring to the world despite the risks associated with their job. If I am lacking in empathy, than so is the rest of the world, and my particular instance of this "lack of empathy" is tiny compared to others. If anything, we should celebrate that market forces are giving mistreated nurses a way out. I think that if anything, we should be very happy that market forces are giving disgruntled nurses a way to stick the finger to their shitty hospital management ("Oh, you won't let me have new PPE? Fu*k you I quit and I'm taking a job that pays 10x as much...") Please do not misconstrue me or my ideas as being part of or sympathetic to the "anti-mask" crowd or as an endorsement of sociopathic thinking. The "crappy unit tests" part was an attempt at humor which I expected more people to get around here. This is very neat work, and I would never have predicted that abstractive summarization would end up advancing so much more quickly in general than extractive summarization did from transformers being introduced. Makes me wish that simple highlighting of a document at the word-level was actually a sorta "solved" (gives compelling output more often then not) problem like condensed abstractive summarization is... Infotainment doesn't matter if it has no features. Where is android auto or apple carplay? Where is a HUD or true 360 camera? High trim Avalon's have all of this, and so does a PHEV rav4 primes which is cheaper and has far more utility then a tesla. Tesla is not actually ahead of anyone one else except in electric power train, "self driving", and battery tech. They're losing the self driving advantages every day to the other manufacturers. Tesla won't be on top forever unless they fix these problems. And who can forget about it's famously bad build quality? Theyre lucky that electric doesn't have many of the issues that ICE cars do because tesla build quality is terrible and they get away with it due to the simple power train... Maybe I am weird, but I've had far more problems with anaconda and its package management than I ever have with pip. Conda routinely takes hours to resolve whatever unholy issues it's running into sometimes Isn't it good that people who build things you oppose are incompetent? I would unironically celebrate that. For example, I'm happy that the CIA/FBI are occasionally incompetent because it hurts their ability to meaningfully implement and reduces the worst impacts of mass surveillance. Why are all the selenium extensions so janky? Selenium and Katolan recorder are infuriating to use when they work and they break so often that I might as well code my tests by hand instead of try and fail to use the recording tools again and again... You are crazy for not buying a house in 2007. I can't think of a better investment to have right now than a house purchased in 2007... Spot on. You nailed it poetically You can safely ignore hegel as I am afraid that if you don't ignore hegel you may think philosophy is useless after you get through 20 pages of any of his works. Kant may also be a stretch for someone whose new - even the "idiots guide" versions of his works that he wrote because his other works were criticized in his own time for being hard to read The rest listed here are good - but IMHO you should always start with plato/socrates. I'd throw in Timaeus and the sophist and maybe even parts of republic (at least the chapter involving allegory of cave and allegory of divided line) to this list Yet again, recommending abstruse works. Being and Time is absurdly difficult for even Philosophy Ph.Ds to parse. Worse yet, Phenomenology is kinda like metaphysics in that many people in the field don't believe that it's even truly legitimate. Heidegger had to go and claim that his biggest fans (Sartre) actually compleatly misunderstood him entirely. If Sartre can't get it right, can a random newcomer understand it the way Heidegger intended? As far as Nietzsche goes - by his own words (he is very clear about this in one of his books - I think it was ecco homo) - you're supposed to have read ALL of the works of Kant and then Schopenhauer before you can even understand Nietzsche. Not that many people agree with him about that, but it did color my perception of him (and the study of the two that he asks the readers to look into does a massive amount to explain why Nietzsche sounds like such an edgelord)... BTW - Sartre goes on later in life to claim that Marxism and Existentialism are basically identical, or rather that Marxism is the sociological analog to Existentialism in his work "Search for a Method". This is not very well known among anyone except the Sartre hacks, but is important to mention. Same with Camus and his early relationship with leftist politics. Source if you don't believe me (see conclusion and checkout a full copy for further context): https://www.bard.edu/library/arendt/pdfs/Sartre-Search.pdf Reminds me of one of my favorite youtubers, Design Doc: https://www.youtube.com/user/Warbot40 DesignDoc focuses heavily on UI/UX in video games and is one of, if not my favorite youtuber. I bet he would love this website and maybe one day will mention it. Some of us love CLI programs or using ncurses. Rougelike video games which can be played in a terminal (nethack) would profit heavily from a fast terminal If Sauerbraten is still around, then what about assault cube? Wow, it's still around! https://assault.cubers.net/ Obama had the political capital from 2008-2010 and didn't use it because he cares about "norms" and "working with the other side" rather than engaging in legislating from the oval office like his successor. The real lesson is that obama should have expanded executive power even more and done anything he could (including norm breaking) to executive order away as much of the patriot act and guantanamo as the courts would give him. Thank you for calling this out. Too often people parrot the same stupid line about Obama and drone strikes without the context here. No, trump is not some dove who cares about minimizing suffering. He did more drone strikes, with more flimsy justifications, resulting in more deaths and destruction than any president in history including Obama. Yeah, and trump has not started any additional wars. That is true. However, the constant saber rattling vs iran as well as the "bloody nose" option vs north korea (a premptive nuclear strike) were openly floated by Trump and his administration. Trump would go for war if he believed it would be good for him. Honestly, trump may still be president if he had attacked iran... Trump's own miscalculations are ironically what kept him being so "dovish". Republicans talk a good game about being doves but they want a hawk. They might not admit it openly because dear leader didn't attack iran yet - but if he had - trump's base would claim that iran should have been invaded forever ago... Well, we do reject this idea. That's why we have a republic rather than a direct democracy. The same allegory of the cave justifications for why the average individual is too stupid to rule and shouldn't be allowed to are made today. Oh, you aren't well enough educated or experienced enough? You should not govern, and move aside for those who are educated or experienced... Pedestrians can shove it. Cyclists on the sidewalk are nowhere near as annoying or dangerous as cyclists on the road, and pedestrians who work to keep cyclists on the road and off of sidewalks have the blood of the unlucky cyclists on their hands... Show me evidence that cyclists on sidewalks are responsible for even 5% of the fatalities that happen from cyclists being on the roads. I think you're the one with the terrible perspective.