I included a full language specification with my patent application. Reading boring specifications can also be a drag, so I even wrote a version that sorts information by color. Its all available on http://mailmarkup.org/ If you are aware of any prior art please do the right thing. I have not been able to find any, but that does not mean it doesn't exist. Did you bother to even open the spec or were you too busy making assumptions? Here is a link in case the you missed the one on the site: http://mailmarkup.org/mail-documentation.xsd I am going to make the baseless assumption that your intentions were well placed, and happily await a contribution of prior art. EDIT: My lawyers have deliberately asked that I not transcribe the claims in the patent application, but its really not hard to figure out from looking first at what the language does differently from the spec and then glossing over the claims in the patent application. I put this stuff online myself years ago, because I have nothing to hide and want nothing more than to ensure the software is valid and novel. Please feel free to prove otherwise, because either way you are contributing to a software project. Anybody can protect an invention. The average 8K-18K in average lawyers fees is trivial. Building a team and acquiring the necessary funding to launch a business investment based upon an invention is a far greater challenge. Not everybody is at a stage where quitting their job to work on such things full time to build a product complete enough to present to angle investors is a viable option. If it were so simple then every software developer would be a successful start up founder. The intended goal of this thing is to fully describe email threads in a manner that is durable. To my knowledge, even today, there are no structures or grammars that are capable of describing email content and fully retaining their original definitions after full exposure the various software of the email platform. Rich text format comes close, though. Regardless of whether or not the patent is granted I would like to create a start-up to build a new transport medium. It would be nice to have an online software platform built for automation and data integration above all else that allows any data repository to become a possible publication point using just URI addressing. I can see many possibilities that could arise from such a thing, especially if the primary markup language is always immediately accessible. I get really tired of people thinking web === internet. As a web developer I enjoy contributing to projects that help me to identify stupid things, because there is an abundance of stupid in web technologies. I enjoy contributing to things like JSLint and Pretty Diff. Sometimes contributions can be as simple as bug reports or feature suggestions. This kind of information is golden for complex projects maintained by very few individuals. Why bother blaming politics you don't control when instead you can blame the technology that makes this possible in the first place? Support an alternative like http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml Instead of laws and wishful thinking why don't people take action toward an alternative technology: http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml You can tell the people who really care about this subject from those who just need something to whine about by looking at the contributions they make. To be clear Obama is not a member of the Republican party. You mention Obama specifically and then dumping "this political baggage" and follow it up with the "Republican Party". I think its time we all revisit "Born On The Fourth of July". Stone's bore of a movie in search of a plot. What it lacks in direction and basic story-telling it makes up for in emotion and political bias. I lost braincells watching this foolishness and it is enough to convince me to ignore all other politically sensitive Stone movies. Stone should go back to doing movies like "Conan the Barbarian", which is a classic. > Email is an amazing tool. I don't understand the rush to get rid of it. I would say that Email has its strengths, but there are still learned opportunities for improvement. Email is a text based format. I mean this literally as in there is literally no convention to email aside from a couple specified fields in the message header, which often get auto-reproduced into the message body. We can do better on this front to increase accessibility, internationalization, and understandability. There is greater AI potential from email than from the web. Email chains tend to represent conversations with the necessary networking information that both computers and humans similarly understand. This is absolutely missing from HTTP and requires a lot of custom assistance in the formatting of the output to make sense to either computers or humans on the web. Email is less centrally managed than the web. The end points on email are message authors while the server is a glorified application router. On the web though the server is the end point, which is far more primitive. Perhaps the "disruption value" is not in media/advertising/content (as in the web) but instead in an enhancement that could erode certain attention from the web. Here is a potential example that will probably never see the light of day http://mailmarkup.org/ * Name - Biddle * Description - Self-hosted application/module distribution and package management for all languages and operating systems * This month - I would like to reach initial completion status thereby moving from alpha to beta releases * Skills - JavaScript, Node, Shell Scripting, Windows, nix * Link - https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle * License - MIT ES6 refers to ECMAScript version 6, which was the official name of the latest version up until around December 2014. I believe ECMAScript 2015 was coined by Dominic Denicola to put additional pressure on TC39 to publish that year. Specifics on how exactly this is happening are unclear. Is the officer less confrontational to begin with, avoiding escalation? Or are suspects and complainants more wary of their conduct? Is it some combination of the two, or are even more factors involved? To determine these things would be a far more complex and subtle piece of research, but the study does suggest that officer behavior is probably the most affected, and that other effects flow from that. Clearly the brilliant researchers of Cambridge don't have teenage children. The answer is simple. People in emotional need of attention will act out (and escalate) as necessary so long as there remains feedback (whether positive or negative, healthy or harmful). I suspect this sort of irrational behavior is most frequently displayed against the police officer, but in some cases can be caused by officers (they are people too). The only distinction between officers and non-officers being frequency of experience dealing with confrontation. Despite the behavior being completely irrational (often out of control) there remains a fear of accountability. Will video evidence go out to your parents, spouse, coworkers? How embarrassing, right? The magic is that this fear of accountability is immediately present. The irrational behavior has to ramp up, similar to rage, and so is not spontaneous. This indicates the accountability fear is a constant reminder to not embarrass yourself, particularly when there is evidence that will appear on YouTube. Until very recently, and thanks to the likes of The Guardian’s The Counted, Fatal Encounters and Campaign Zero’s Mapping Police Violence, the data to prove the systemic racism that results in the police killings of unarmed black people has not been widely available to the public. It doesn't sound like, according to the article, the California initiative is to prove racism but rather track, identify, and reduce police initiated violence. Is this the writer's bias? I am working on a partial solution to this kind of problem and plan to move from Alpha to Beta version later today. https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle This is not a CVS, so you would still need to run something like git locally on your own server, but the idea of self-hosted modules will solve for the censorship of central authorities. Thanks for taking the time to look at it. The Docker approach looks like a strong approach, but I suspect applications leveraging this solution would be confined to the container. Writing parsers is hard and takes some experience, but its not as hard or as impossible as most of these comments make out. JSON is retarted simple to parse, even in the face of certain edge case ambiguities. I can say this from experience after having written an HTML/XML parser that provides support for various template schemes: Twig, Elm, Handlebars, ERB, Apache Velocity, JSP, Freemarker, and many more. I have written a JavaScript parser that supports React JSX, JSON, TypeScript, C#, Java, and many more things. In years I have been programming I frequently hear whining like, "its too hard". Don't care. While you are wasting oxygen crying about how hard life is somebody else will roll a solution you will ultimately consume. http://prettydiff.com/ https://github.com/prettydiff/a11y-tools Hope it is insured against golf ball sized hail. If so people in Texas will buy this in droves just for the durability. In not it will never sell in Texas. A two party system is a large part of this problem. One group validates itself by demonizing the only other player in town. It's toxic and it energizes the most self-serving of us. They want to get elected. So, in that regard they want the same thing. What you say to get elected is largely irrelevant, particularly if you can suggest the opposing party is more evil. The goal isn't to be a good candidate, qualified, or even ethical... its to get elected out of a contest of two people. Who ever uses the media most wins. It doesn't even have to be favorable news coverage or even make sense. Who ever appears on the screen the most or gets their name mentioned the most wins. Again, its only a contest out of two people and the general population is easily energized by emotions. I live in a big urban area in the midde-west. I don't care about poor white people sadness or coastal elite arrogance. To me both of those are ignorant extremes in isolated bubbles. You people seriously need to join the military, live in foreign country for more than a year, or go shake a stranger's hand. Seriously... the level of ignorance and isolation demonstrated in some of these comments is dumbfounding. It college is your solution to "shaking it up" you are probably still really isolated. I am trying to normalize some of this between different operating system shells: https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle What an oversimplification by somebody who sounds like an emotional failure. I am very active in writing OSS (probably more so than with my primary job). I also have two jobs (corporate web developer for a major dot com and army reserves) and yet still find time for the healthy marriage and kids (of whom are now teenagers). It certainly can be done. It certainly hasn't made me wealthy though. I wouldn't be able to make this happen at all if it weren't for personality. A certain amount of charisma, dedication, humor, and patience. I am also a bit more hyper than the average person and require far less sleep than average and don't spend any time on Twitter or Facebook. > it's because you disregarded that Richard puts his ethical argument for the implications to humanity first No. I have spent three years living apart from my family on military deployments. I know what it means to make this ethical argument and live by it in a self-sacrificing way. Many people cannot make this work, which isn't the same as forcing a divisive choice upon those of us who can. The next time developers cry about JavaScript's incompetence because of potential hacky type coercion stupidity I will shove this in their face. Instead of HTML/CSS why not parse markdown to a something even more direct like terminal output. My biddle application does this. Try it out let me know what you thing. Here are some commands to get started: git clone git@github.com:prettydiff/biddle.git cd biddle node biddle (parses the readme.md file to the terminal) node biddle get http://example.com/document.md node biddle markdown downloads/document.md node biddle markdown downloads/document.md 60 (word wrap at 60 character width) The US attitude towards immigration is completely asinine and driven by ignorance. Immigrants are a huge sector in the economy. This WSJ article, like so many others, is part of that ignorance in that it isn't about low skill or low pay workers. It is about filling jobs, regardless of pay rate, that US citizens are not willing to fill. A prime example is software developers. In the US software developers make 2x to 3x the national average pay rate for full time labor. Despite the high pay rate and comfortable work environment there is a massive demand for skills that is not being filled domestically. From 1995-2005 there was a massive off-shoring to find low cost software developers. Since 2010 the off-shoring is entirely about finding competent employees to fill labor shortages opposed to reducing expenses. Americans are not willing to step up and take these available software development jobs at a level of competence demanded by employers regardless of pay rate. A popular bitch-fest on reddit is that software developers are paid too low and if they were paid more this problem would be magically solved. First of all there is absolutely no evidence to suggest such. Secondly, software developers are already paid well and still there are massive shortages with high attrition. These problems are not related to pay rates, but are deeper rooted issues more related to outdated skills, low confidence, missing initiative, and poor education. These deeper problems are a hard pill to swallow considering they require some amount of time and investment and still result in an substandard result. I work in a major metropolitan area (one of the 4 largest in the US). There is a large educated sector of the population and a huge number of software and technology companies here. Still, despite this, technology jobs cannot be filled. Half my coworkers have always been immigrants. Even when pay is high local people are not stepping up to fill the positions. If you are in technology you can only continue to ignore that you work with a large number of immigrants and offshore teams for so long. Eventually, you will have to keep up with current skills, move to a low income market, or be content with being replaced by an immigrant who has more initiative. > If you want skilled developers with modern skills be prepared to pay for it. There is no evidence that increased rates have solved this problem as demand continues to outpace availability. The definition of competence wildly varies based upon who you ask. There are many experienced developers in the work force, whom I am sure would rate themselves high, who cannot do their jobs (at all) without their favorite frameworks and abstractions. Epic fail. They might rate themselves with an 8, but I would give them a 3. I am sure they likely do, which only suggests developers' opinions of stylistic qualities and tool choice is an extraordinarily weak metric of competence. A better and more objective metric is an evaluation of the product: the speed of code writing, execution speed, fewer dependencies, few lines of code, and so forth. From that you can guess an opinion that better software is written by better developers. Asking developers to rate each other, or themselves, is next to worthless. > Do you honestly believe this? Absolutely. Most of the time I have interviewed for a job in the past I am the guy picked out of 20-25 applicants. Its not because I am a rock star or something special. It is because most of these people are horribly under qualified. People want to get paid more, but are often not willing to invest the effort to make higher wages a reality. The common solution (band-aid) for this problem... frameworks. > I understand there are some big differences here, and you could reasonably argue that software developers don't deserve such high wages (they often have graduate degrees but aren't strictly required to, for example). In my opinion this is the root of the problem. Schools are not preparing students with many of the practical skills of software development. These students enter the market with skills businesses claim to want, but often don't match with the reality of the position, platform, or technology. Businesses could solve this problem themselves by training their work force, but they don't. Instead it is entirely on the employee to get the skills (on their own time) the current employer demands. As a result many developers burn out and those who achieve this mastery of learning on their own time leave to get higher paying jobs elsewhere. Why wouldn't they since they have invested in themselves more so than the employer has, and such there is no loyalty earned. The end result is a talent gap. A large pool of barely qualified people that have trouble moving between employers and on the other side a couple of talented folks who can do whatever they want. Bah. It still requires a build step. I will stick with Pretty Diff and its "correct" option. https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle Can parse markdown to formatted stdout (ANSI colors, wordwrap, and so forth) on the console in both posix and Windows. You fill it full of junk. If you are a single male not addicted to vanity you can likely fit all your belongings in the backseat of a car. My largest belongings were the computer and the truck load of military clothing. Women tend to accumulate more stuff than men regardless of vanity. When you get kids people just give you more stuff than you need (or want) for the kids. The only limitation on the ever increasing accumulation is the space available. Honestly, the two biggest rooms in this house just store stuff. I can absolutely live without that space. I do enjoy having an extra bedroom to use for... fill in the blank. I bought my house as a foreclosure for 125k and now Zillow lists it for 235k (a bit inflated). The value of my house is about the down payment on a house in San Jose and what I paid is half that. I have a 2900sq ft home in Texas and we spend next to nothing on heating and AC. Our electric bill per month averages around $160 and peaks around $200 in the summer when we run the AC a bit harder. More than half the expense there is all the electronics in the house, primarily: kitchen utilities, computers, and large screens. The site is called "web fundamentals" and looks to be educational. Unfortunately, it is severely flawed due to a bias. The site is immediately and inherently skewed towards interaction and programming. This mistake (though incredibly common) is really really bad. At the core to have the web all you need is two things: an application protocol and a document structure format. The public web standardizes on HTTP and HTML for those two qualities. This site does not address these two most primary qualities explicitly. The implicit assumption is that these qualities are not themselves important and instead necessary trivialities who technical qualities can be indirectly surmised through study of more interesting derivative works. This is a big mistake that makes learning these technologies far hard than it really needs to be. Don't assume the technologies are simple or that people will just get it right, because they won't. If I were teaching a class on web fundamentals I would start with XML Schema. Don't laugh, I am being serious, just hear me out. Learning XML Schema is important because it forces the student to learn the importance of structure and design in the crafting of human consumable information, which is really what the web is all about. It also teaches the student about node types and node relationships that is directly reflected in the standard DOM methods. Equally important it also teaches the student about application scope. XML Schema (and thus XML and HTML) features lexical scope for its scope model in exactly the same way that JavaScript does. I cannot express enough just how important this single quality is to understanding JavaScript. For people coming from languages like C#/C++/Java this really seems to be the most challenging experience to wrap their heads around, but it is absolutely essential to understanding that language. After XML Schema I would teach the DOM. I would teach this even before teaching anything about JavaScript. Understanding the DOM from a high level is a conversation of relationships and abstract modeling more than programming. Many web developers never get this and they forever suck as a result. This subject is so much easier to understand when separated from writing methods in a programming language and then so much easier to apply once the student gets to the programming part. None of these principle standard technologies are hard to learn. They just need to be taught in the right order and expressed through practice. Security standards are hard, but web standards are easy. Yet, most developers I have ever known always fail on the easy stuff. If you, as a potential educator, aren't taking these technologies seriously then neither will your prospective students. When you declare an element (or attribute) in an XML instance that isn't already defined as a body of the primary document or root schema this declared entity is available only to a limited scope. That limited scope is the element of declaration and its descendant nodes. Typically such declarations occur as the result of referencing a foreign artifact against a namespace. You don't really see this capability in the common forms of HTML, but you can if you run the HTML as an XML serialization (regardless of the HTML doctype in the document). The execution context can be changed in many cases by sending a document with an XML specific media type or in some cases by changing the file extension from .html to .xhtml. How would you start? Hummmm... you wonder how much of that money is invested in internal training for those skills they claim they cannot find. I bet the average is pretty close to 0. I guess it just makes more sense to throw money at the problem and hope for magic in 43 days. Instead, why not just devote that $33K to a training program for a duration of roughly 43 days? Now you have the skills you were missing with the bonus of added loyalty and lower risk at no additional cost (money and time that would have been spent anyways). You also get a massive productivity boost for free according to Brook's Law. The only cost is that an external candidate might (or might not) have a diversity of skills your company doesn't provide. Devs always claim this, but there is no evidence to suggest if you throw additional money the problem that it would be solved any faster. There is a shortage, but its largely imaginary. It would be more accurate to call it a talent gap. The talented candidates are certainly out there, but there are far more candidates available who are less talented. Increasing the pay rate for talented candidates does not magically convert somebody with fewer skills into somebody with awesome skills.... so therefore there must be a shortage (sarcasm). Imagine if we followed the numbers, the empirical evidence, like insurance companies do. In this case the legal age would be raised from 18 to 25. This wouldn't make any real difference to politics because young people don't vote. It would be huge to consumer spending. Consider the following: * Age to get a credit card, file a DBA, open a bank account, or get an apartment. * Age to purchase tobacco and pornography (yes yes, I suspect most people get their porn for free online regardless of age now). * FBI already refuses to hire field agents below the age of 24. * You could not be tried as an adult in criminal court until age 25. The number of adult violent offenders in prison might decrease as much as 70%. * You cannot get married until the age of adulthood. I suspect states would compromise on this one and allow permissible parental consent as young people will still continue to have children. --- My personal opinions are that people would be much better prepared for life, there would be fewer lost souls to the criminal justice system, and the consumer debt industry would be largely eliminated from all but proverty classes (like the payday loan vultures). I don't see how that would make any difference. Typically many 18 year old require a co-signer or sponsor to get an apartment on their own. If you are in an abusive household call the authorities (you can do this at any age). This happens anyways. I joined the US Army at age 17. I think your second point is reactionary to the extreme. It would be more valid if young people participated (actually by voting and/or petitioning the government) instead of just bitching about it on social media. That said young people can revolt just the same regardless of voting age. I have no idea what that means. Statistically young people don't vote. I think its close to around 6% of 18-24 year olds vote in presidential elections with a statistically insignificant amount voting in other elections. > We should attempt to study the pros and cons of each before drawing to conclusions. Already done. This has been studies exhaustively by the insurance industry and the criminal justice system. The age (of perpetrator) at which adult violent crimes most commonly occur is 18, which is the age of adulthood in most of the US. Secondly, it is 19. Then 20 and so forth up till the age of 24 after which there is no discernible pattern of violence to age. This pattern is largely attributed to the missing link between the prefrontal cortex and the limbic system of the brain. I don't have any problem with alcohol and firearm sales being pushed to 25. If you want to shoot earlier then get private land outside a city, join a police department, join the military, or have a parent or guardian as a co-signer. > Really? Do you have data to back this up? Yeah, I think something like 6% of eligible voters aged 18-24 actually vote in presidential elections with a statistically insignificant amount of those voters voting in other elections. > How are you going to hold those of age below 25 accountable? Separate the 18-24 population into senior juveniles. Too old to be incarcerated with the violent children and too young to be bonded with the career criminals. Violent offenders absolutely should do time, but if they aren't adults should also have the opportunity to expunge their criminal record so as to allow them to obtain real jobs later. http://www.civicyouth.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/CIRCLE_... Turns out I was wrong. Youngsters aren't 6% of the vote, but closer to about 9%. Still tiny though. The data indicates people who are registered voters are about twice as likely to become a voter after the age of 25. http://www.civicyouth.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/CIRCLE_... . Turns out I was wrong. Youngsters aren't 6% of the vote, but closer to about 9%. Still tiny though. The data indicates people who are registered voters are about twice as likely to become a voter after the age of 25. http://www.civicyouth.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/CIRCLE_... . Turns out I was wrong. Youngsters aren't 6% of the vote, but closer to about 9%. Still tiny though. The data indicates people who are registered voters are about twice as likely to become a voter after the age of 25. http://www.civicyouth.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/CIRCLE_... . Turns out I was wrong. Youngsters aren't 6% of the vote, but closer to about 9%. Still tiny though. The data indicates people who are registered voters are about twice as likely to become a voter after the age of 25. > At the same time, you want to remove accountability from said youth? If you take away so many responsibilities from youth, why keep police/military around for them? Accountability is not an earned quality. Accountability is an appointed quality. By raising the age of adulthood you are deferring the age of accountability (in the realm of individual responsibility) to a later age when the individual is better prepared and perhaps more responsible. As far police and military individual responsibility is less a consideration because you are on a job with extensive training and constant supervision. Additionally, people in these job classes are held to higher legal standards and are punished more harshly for violations of the public trust. > I would like to see the US data cross referenced with data from other countries. I suspect a lower percentage of the population in the US votes compared to other equally democratic nations for all age demographics. > Instead, all the progressive research I've seen I really think this is more a separate conversation, but certainly there are many various huge opportunities for improvement in how the US manages its criminal population. The age group 18-24 is very different than the larger 18-29. The data is all there. I am curious how you come to that conclusion. Framework lust, particularly in the JS ecosystem, is inflated and often not representative of technical authority, experience, or sometimes even competence. If I were a hiring manager and the candidate couldn't write very basic vanilla JS I wouldn't hire them either. I don't care that they have a bunch of github stars. The inability to solve simple problems without a framework is a liability. I am a bigger fan of the keep it simple approach, which is my way of saying I prefer to write web applications in the web technologies directly intended for the given task. I suspect Go is a newer and better language than Java, but this soooo reminds me of Java devs trying to do everything web related in Java. Ohhhh the pain and torment (guessing, apathy, and crying about how horrible things like markup and JavaScript are because they simply aren't Java). Just to be clear the prototypal inheritance came from Scheme, but the funcational aspects of JavaScript came from Lisp. Scheme's influence on JavaScript was, at the time, indeed an open question. On the other hand they absolutely told Eich not to do anything that resembled Lisp. JavaScript was to be Java's little brother and it had to look like and mostly act like its big brother. Eich made it work like Lisp anyways thinking they wouldn't notice given the incredibly short development window and the fact that as long as there was an inheritance concept it would satisfy the "feel enough like Java bit". Of course nobody noticed JavaScript had influences from Lisp. It was buggy when it initially rolled out and it took a couple of revisions before nested functions were supported. This is backed up by David Flanagan's book "JavaScript: The Definitive Guide", which doesn't mention nested functions and closures until its third edition in 1998, because JavaScript didn't have closures until then. Whether it was a missing feature or due to a defect is something you would have to ask Eich directly. Extending my JavaScript parser and beautifier (written in JavaScript) to also support TypeScript, C#, and Java. The data indicates just how much Americans need to use drugs. Imagine how big the numbers get when you scoop in prescription drugs in addition to prohibited substances. Clearly drug use is more important to large number of Americans than risk of incarceration. Why does America have such a greater drug fascination than perhaps every other country? The money comes from sacrificing existing entitlement programs, which might actually cost more. Think about it like this in the US: Imagine giving everybody a basic income and eliminating minimum wage, social security, medicare, welfare, and so forth... Naturally some people would become wealthier (paying down existing debts) and some people would become poorer (spending money more rapidly and increasing their debt burden), but these are personal decisions. No. You need to understand the economics of commodities opposed to individualized goods for this to really make sense. Greater access to a commodity will often reduce its costs as it means greater consumption and increased market penetration to satisfy (and thus stabilize) its demand and thus development. Express lanes have been popping up around Fort Worth. I prefer DuckDuckGo. Privacy issues aside they just strive to be the better search engine for software developers. And they have an open source platform for displaying a selected tool or result to a software request query called DuckDuckHack. https://duckduckhack.com/ It's not really whistle blowing though if you find evidence of 1 crime and then then choose to release 700,000 unrelated other documents with it. It is just a crime. During the trial the defense didn't even pretend that this was whistle blowing. Also, intention is relevant in criminal law. Was the intention to right a wrong or to throw a depression induced tantrum? There was a substantial amount of evidence on this matter. Does this include DOD? I suspect DOD is probably already doing this, but just wonder if they fall under the umbrella. Isn't this the very kind of thing Regular Expressions were created to solve? * Remove spaces - myString.replace(/\u0020+/g, ""); * Remove common line terminators - myString.replace(/(\r|\n)+/g, ""); * Remove all white space - myString.replace(/\s+/g, ""); Is regex execution considered efficient? I have always been impressed with its speed. I don't have anything to offer from a business, expense, or marketing perspective. I do have something to offer from a technology and distribution perspective. I am not sure if this would be helpful to you, but I am working on self-hosted and self-published distribution technology. The technology is intended to move software around, but it can really be used for anything. It is language agnostic and operating system agnostic (it runs anywhere Node.js can be installed). The idea is to automate many aspects of publishing and allow a download point for multiple versions and multiple variations for a given item without subject to the limitations of a central repository. https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle If the idea is related to the subject or work of the current company then in court they can claim inception for your later similar work. This happened in the case where an action figure designer left Mattel to produce new (and completely unrelated) action figures at home. In court Mattel claimed the inventor form the idea for the new concept while employed at Mattel and the court agreed so Mattel took position of the new idea. While the new idea was functionally different it wasn't novel enough to qualify as original apart from the inventors prior experience doing similar work. To be more safe I would wildly alter the idea so that it applies in different functional applications for industries the current employer has no interest in performing. Then, at the very least, they cannot claim violations of non-compete status and you have a wider field of novelty. I cannot speak to my current employer as my handle is not anonymized. I will say that in prior employments the level of stress was directly correlated to the incompetence of the staff and developers. Incompetent people tend to create two problems: 1. Job insecurity. Politics ramp up as employee mobility goes down. 2. The technology is trash. The internal tech is often riddled with excessive abstractions, confused organization, lack of purpose, and other unnecessary qualities that generally slows people down. Its a real bummer when 10 minute task takes 2 weeks to complete in the office. I can only speak to large software companies and unfortunately the demand for employees will often exceed the available supply of confident AND experienced developers available in the market. Evidence of this: https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/5q9gxg/es6_feat... > I stand up and point my finger again in the direction of decentralization. Try out a project I am working on named biddle for your distribution needs: https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle biddle fights censorship by allowing you to put your publications anywhere. There is no central repository, and since you are required to specify your publication point you just need to find file hosting. This means private publications are free (aside from your hosting expenses) if you publish on an internal network. You couldn't transfer it over the network anyways, because the networks are physically separated from the normal internet (NIPR). You cannot use massive storage devices either (like hard disks, sd cards, flash drives). He would have had to hand carry stuff out, probably on optical media. You need optical media to transfer content from one network to another without setting off alarms. The network admin knows if you plug in mass storage devices within about 2 seconds. Mass storage devices require a mounting process that communicates with both the bios and the OS. The OS will then send an alert to a known point on the network, and if configured directly will respond to the switch at the local network which will drop the subnet. If you are dumb enough to pop a USB device in everybody in your office will know in seconds as they lose their connection. Then your boss will get scolded and you will get stuck with remedial training. It is pretty damn embarrassing like wearing a dunce cap. They may not always know who the offending person is, but they will have the IP of the offending terminal and a hardware signature of the offending device. > Equally, what's to stop them being in the know of exactly what he's doing and abusing their privilege to allow him to do it? You assume he's acting alone... what if he wasn't? Because violations and exceptions to policy are logged and those logs are periodically audited. There is a process for achieving access with an exception to policy for various approved reasons. Deleting entries from access control logs requires an accomplice that doesn't mind jail time. At some point this starts to sound like a crazy conspiracy theory. I find the most simple answers are generally the most probable. Let's not forget this went on for nearly 20 years and security staff gets rotated. Twitter has to be awesome... Trump says so and nobody knows more about technology than Trump. Fine, then substitute Kayne instead. Reading that list one thing kept popping into my head.... design patterns. You don't have to have a multi-million dollar exit to go through this. You just have to find yourself in a position where you had some amazing responsibility and direction and now you don't in a way that mere mortals cannot relate. There are numerous different ways to get there. My story: For just about ever I have been a developer in the civilian world and an Army reservist. Normally the Army reserves thing is just a part time weekend gig doing some really boring administrative work, but sometimes its more. The first time I was in management I was 24 years old. I hadn't finished my bachelor's degree yet. I was working as the tech lead of network operations in a group called TNOSC. This network, though, covered all of US and coalition forces in Kuwait, Iraq, and Afghanistan except for airport control systems. This was in 2004 during the post-invasion surge into Iraq. I am not sure how many dedicated users I had (maybe 100,000) but there around 300,000 people who were impacted by my network between coalition military forces and supporting civilians. For perspective 300,000 is bigger than Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Apple combined. In that management position I published the organization's taskorg (a diagram of who owns who plus the structure of our clients). We had two dedicated brigades to manage and my higher authority was CENTCOM with a dotted line to DISA. My clients were two 3-stars and a 4-star. Running that organization was somewhat like running a start-up in reverse. We already had business and dedicate clients to support, but just jumping you are actually figure out the necessary relationships and how to do the technical aspects of your job. Life doesn't wait for you to catch up. You just have to figure everything out immediately. In the real world I am software developer. I am not in management. I don't even bring up the prior military story. People simply cannot relate. They know the corporate world they are isolated into. In the civilian world you don't get magically dropped into that kind of position out of the blue. Furthermore, people outside the military are more fragile. In the civilian world one of the most important interpersonal qualities is kindness while in the military kindness isn't valued. In the military kindness is like hard work. In most jobs nobody is rewarded for hard work. They are reward for what they accomplish. Hard work is silently implied. In the military what's important is honesty, respect (above and below), and bluntness. I find in the corporate world I am constantly tempering my words and using my "inside voice" so that I don't come off as offensive. It is so easy to come off as an arrogant dick. People who have known me for a while or been through similar environments get it, but for everybody else its too easy to look like an asshole. This is even more true in that I work as a web (JavaScript) developer. The most frequent kind of developer in the web are people who don't want to be there, have absolutely no regard for the technologies, and wish they were doing something else. The other extreme are immature childish developers who work in the web because it has a lower barrier to entry in the contributor roles require a large dose of abstractions and dependencies for every aspect of their job. Both of these groups are different shades of imposters who constantly live in fear that they will be discovered. Pro tip - Everybody knows who the imposters are. I sure as hell cannot relate my military experiences to these groups who hanging to their one and only career by their nails. I absolutely agree. Most of the negative comments on here are nothing more than apologists for incompetence. Like with all security research the solution is to expose the defect to the world. If people didn't want their passwords and keys exposed to the world then they shouldn't put them on public github for all the world to see. It would be more helpful though if such a search engine could auto create an issue on github when exposed secrets come up in a search result. What protocol does this use or does it require a specific application? Is it HTTP or something else? If I wanted to use Upspin to host files for my biddle project ( https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle ) how would I retrieve those files? The article is both very true and not yet completely true. Some developers still believe having a large community or online social media presence is important. It might very well be, but it has no bearing on code. Code is objective. It solves problems, passes tests, does something new, and performs better.... or it doesn't. Social media presence has no bearing on this at all. Yet, each impart a type of online trust. One is capabilities (competence) trust and the other is marketing or branding trust. For people who don't know the difference or don't understand the value in the code marketing/branding trust is the only thing that exists. For everybody else trust in branding loses value quickly and must struggle to compete with the other more objective trust factor. It should be noted this "everybody else" category is the minority but is more influential on things get built of prioritized. I didn't form my account there until 12 Sep 2000. I was late to the party as the site opened about 6 weeks prior. Before DeviantArt there was Deskmod.com. Speaking as a long time US soldier here is how the military perceives code: * There is no copyright and plagiarism doesn't exist. Internally to the military everything is libre to the most maximum extreme. While people do get credit for their work they have no control over that work and anybody else in the military can use their work without permission. * Service members and employees of the military are not allowed to sue the military. As a result software written by the military has no need to disclaim a warranty or protect itself from other civil actions. * Information Assurance protections are draconian. This is half way valid in that there are good monitoring capabilities and military information operations are constantly under attack like you couldn't imagine. The military gets criminal and script-kiddie attacks just like everybody else, but they also get sophisticated multi-paradigm attacks from nation states. Everything is always locked down all the time. This makes using any open source software really hard unless it is written yourself or you work for some advanced cyber security organization. The things I have seen work: * Solve the problems other developers are unwilling or incapable of solving. * Create helpful (and portable) tools * Learn analytics and increase your communication skills * Be helpful How insidiously toxic. I cannot think of a better or more perfectly descriptive word than toxic (at least this is the word we use in the military for environments less bad than that). > Therefore, it hurts me to say that despite my grit, I was not prepared to deal with the abuse and dehumanizing treatment I received from my supervisors and colleagues at Uber. Nobody should expect to be so prepared. Nobody volunteers to become the equivalent of a prisoner of war. Allow private tweet capabilities and charge for it. This is really all you can do. Twitter is largely a broadcast system and echo chamber, which perfectly explains the type of people who gravitate to it most directly. There are two schools of thought on this: it is and it isn't. For people who believe code isn't literature descriptive names are wasted characters. The biggest difference between code and literature is that code is structured where literature isn't (literature makes up for this with a flow like a plot). Explicit structures are things like subtypes and nested scopes, qualities that exist directly and not through inference or reference resolution. There are things that can be inferred directly from structures like context and scope. For these developers code can be less explicit and less wordy because they aren't reading code line by line and guessing at how the pieces come together. The code is literature camp represents an educated formalism. In the absence of explicit structures you need to understand what the code is doing by simply reading the code. The problem with the code is literature approach is that it is for humans only. The computer absolutely doesn't care, and so therefore it can be wrong or deceptive. This article is full of assumptions. First of all you don't need a college education to work in software development. I have a Bachelor's, but not in CS and I have known some great developers who have no college at all. I am completely self-taught. You have endless time to learn this stuff on military deployments. Developers, who don't suck, are in crazy demand... particularly if you have web skills and don't suck. I rarely see CS graduates writing original JavaScript applications without large frameworks, for example. Secondly, it appears his dream job is in the bay area. If you are young and single this might be true. The Y Combinator folks claim it is the place to be to start a company, but for everybody else it is expensive. I can have a larger house in Texas for 20% of the cost and reduced cost of living across the board. That said I see little value in moving to the bay area because I doubt there is a corporate dream job that is going to pay me 5x more to live just as well. I have known several people who have moved from CA to TX just to afford a house (any house). Finally, there are major differences between development skill and marketing skill (promotions). You can suck at one and rock at the other, but only one of those is going to make a solid first impression and only one will actually define your value after a year of employment. Typo converting " I might be wildly misreading the code, but it seems like [1,2,3,a,b,c] diffed with [a,b,c,1,2,3] is going to appear as six lines of replacement. A bit of a pickle. The challenge I experienced with this is that either there are 6 changes (line for line comparison) or there are 3 lines the same and three lines moved, but three lines moved means a deletion of 3 lines from the first sample and 3 lines of insertion later in the second sample, which is still 6 differences. The output reads very differently, but the number of differences is identical, which is no change in precision. I still cannot reproduce the problem of 9 differences. I have tried in Edge, Chrome, and Firefox on Windows 10. I will try on OSX in just a second. The reason why it changes output after using square braces is because the tool is language aware. Before it could not guess at a programming language and so the input is text parsed into lines. After the language detection guesses this is JSON format and formally parses the input, beautifies it, and then compares the beautified output. I already realize that if I am going to the trouble of parsing languages that it would be far more efficient to simply compare the parsed token lists instead of beautified text, but I haven't gotten there yet. > I imagine you get to linear time without much loss by heuristically throwing out chunks of the table where i is far from j. I originally tried a delete as you go approach to the hash map where you remove entries that were no longer needed, such as when both values (counts) for a given key reached 0. My thinking was that this would improve execution speed over the space of a very large table by gradually reducing the key space and thus reducing look up times. This thinking proved false against two 1.7mb code samples. Removing this set of instructions reduced execution time from an average of 0.95 seconds to an average of 0.71 seconds (on my machine and browser). It is simply more efficient to read from a large hash map than it is modify that hash map to improve reading efficiency. A better approach, which I have not tried, would be to reduce writes to the hash map at the time of running through the second code sample, because you have already gone through the first code sample and not yet performed your formal analysis. To be efficient enough for a valid performance improvement though the analysis at this point would have to be tiny and yet somehow benefit for the formal analysis coming in the next step. The underlying assumption is that having a smaller hash map means fewer writes to memory. To be helpful to the next step of formal analysis the loop would have to achieve fewer iterations. > The article raises an interesting question: can you improve this by using advantage of the fact that lines of code have a decent chance of being unique or nearly unique within a file? As a code author I cannot predict user behavior and do not try. Instead I make assumptions upon that behavior and execute to these assumptions, whether or not they are valid. My assumption is that if a user wishes to compare unrelated things the number of differences sky-rockets, which means a bit more computation and temporary data. I suspect that if a user does this it is probably for some exploratory reason and thus are better prepare for the trivial increase in processing. The minimum number of data passes is two, one for each submitted sample. The Pretty Diff algorithm, in the subject of this thread, uses three complete passes through data without any repetition. Therefore the number of iterations is simply: total number of lines of the first sample, total number of lines of the second sample, and the total number of lines of the smallest sample. A more optimized approach is 2 complete passes and a partial third pass without repetition. Achieving that optimization requires more logic up front to populate a smaller central analysis store and a different means of iterating through that container. Most approaches, as I have seen them, don't achieve a fully optimized approach. While they may not have complete passes through data (after the required initial two) they tend to have numerous smaller passes in order to derive edit distances. This could be more efficient if these smaller passes never pass through the same data indexes/keys more than once and achieve a reduced total number of iterations. These approaches seem less straight forward to me and are misleading in terms of total statements of execution/iterations. The only way to guarantee greater execution efficiency is to run through a checklist like this and compare clock times in similar execution contexts: * total number of loop iterations * fewer instructions * instruction optimizations (compiler/interpreter dependent considerations) For a long term solution you may be better served with a domain specific tool that fits your needs directly. In the mean time the Pretty Diff tool, http://prettydiff.com/ , is language aware and offers a fair number of features that may provide what you are looking for. To see the options GUI just scroll down. You can also enter options and values as URI parameters. Just see the documentation for the options and their requirements. If you are looking for something that isn't available please open a Github issue and I will triage it. I have asked the wife on several occasions if I could get out of software and take a job doing something else for less money. I am tired of software... at least in the corporate space. Don't get me wrong I love writing software.... but the general incompetence of corporate software development has killed my spirit. I am a web guy whose primary job is at a major dot com and here are the problems as I see software generally. Good web developers are hard to hire. They tend to be equally in demand compared to their Java counter-parts in the corporate space, but there are something like 11x more Java positions. The reason is because Java developers are easier to find. This creates several problems. Since good web developers are hard to hire your choices are to retask a Java developer without training or hire a web developer that isn't good. The results are similar: cutting corners until you are drowning in tech debt and then blaming someone/something else. Higher salaries won't solve this problem because it takes time and practice to get good at anything, but demand for skills in the workplace are immediate. Contrarily, higher salaries without solving for the missing skills (the primary cause of the problem) just encourage under-qualified talent to more vigorously defend or fight to attain positions they are not entitled to hold. The phenomenon is so incredibly common it has the name imposter syndrome. The primary difference between a good developer and a bench warmer is confidence. A good developer is going to care far less for playing politics and defensiveness. If it doesn't work out for a good developer they can go get an equally sucky job somewhere else and probably make more money, so the motivation for politics is largely lost. Less good developers do not have such confidence that they can quickly acquire another position elsewhere or are holding their current positions for reasons not directly related to their craft, such as seniority entitlements. As the previous paragraph eludes to the real difference between good developers and everybody else is motivation. When you are primarily motivated to merely retain your employment you will perceive your place in that environment far differently. These guys will do everything possible to not rock the boat if job stability is everything. It also means that technical competencies at the job should normalize into some happy medium so that you aren't exposed for being an imposter. The reason why the incompetence is so pervasive is because demand is crazy high and without regulation of any kind. In almost every other professional career there is regulation, typically licensing. You cannot be a doctor, lawyer, real estate agent, engineer, pilot, and so forth without a license. You can be a politician though. After doing this for several years in the corporate world I am really tired of the stupid games people play. Since I have two simultaneous careers in separate unrelated industries I can really see the dysfunction that many people happily tolerate every day. I am ready to do something else like become a teacher or make my secondary career my primary even though this means less pay. An unintended benefit of this law passing is moving a common practice closer to the user. Let's not forget that Google and Facebook already normalize your traffic and sell it without your consent. Now ISPs can enter that market directly and completely bypass Google and Facebook. Google will track even on non-Google products by virtue of their various media and analytics products that are prolific on many sites. No consent required. A couple of years ago they were caught collecting private home wifi traffic from their map/photo cars. As a long time JavaScript developer jQuery feels like welfare. You can absolutely live without it. Living without it means you will find ways to perform better. For people who have never lived without it the world is a scary place. God forbid anybody suggest an alternative to an entitlement. Why? I think if you are offended it makes the analogy even more precise. Again, I believe your opinions on this matter absolutely reinforce the analogy. I can say this with clarity and objectivity because I have had to rely on government handouts a long time ago when I had my first kiddo while being an unemployed college student only to drop out of school and work below the poverty line. Some people can figure it out and others cannot. The embarrassment and offense are very much a part of that issue as well as the imposter syndrome that is so obvious in so many developers. On the matter of objectivity let's examine the issue and follow it through: A comment is made that correlates a popular technology opinion to a dreadful political subject. Offense ensues. Next... sadness. A couple of months ago I heard the most perfect description for such a sentiment from an army colonel to which he described such (in a broader context) as fragility . Sadness is not a valid qualifier for making a rational qualification of competencies... except in software where imposter syndrome is rampant. I will stop here. I have had this conversation numerous times in the past and for people who suffer from fragility it is generally not understandable beyond an honest disclosure of what it really is. To me welfare is the perfect analogy. For people addicted to that system no rational conversation will convince them double the work in the short term could have 10x benefits later down the road. They can't see it and don't want it. They are content and utterly reliant upon the tools provided to them. Perhaps the biggest hurdle in this regard is the approach to machine learning. Nearly everything I have seen on machine learning is a primer on big data followed by a series of algorithms on making the best and smartest decision upon that mountain of data. This is completely the wrong approach. Machine learning can be done on a dime, provided the proper nurturing and environment, but you have to be willing to make some concessions. First and for most you have to be able to write a program that can make a decision. A simple "if" condition is sufficient. Secondly, that decision is open to modification by asserting the evaluation (the "if" condition) against its result. In this regard the logic is fluid opposed to a series of static conditions written by humans hoping to devise organic decisions. Finally, the decision is allowed to be completely wrong. Wrong decisions are better than either no decision or the same decision without deviation. This is how humans learn and it should be no surprise that computers would benefit from the same approach. The key to getting this right is bounds checking and simplicity. A decision must find a terminal point in which to stop improving upon its outcome, and a narrow set of boundaries must be affirmed to prevent unnecessary deviation. It is perfectly acceptable if some grand master must occasionally prod the infantile program in the right direction. This is also something that people do to other people who are learning. If you can do that you have machine learning. You don't need big data to get this. You certainly don't need complex transportation machines or voice activated software to validate it. AI on a dime. If you can do it on a dime you can certainly do it with a multi-billion dollar budget and thousands of developers. I am wondering how many of these wise commenters have actually taken the CISSP exam, or even know what it is? It costs $600 and only has a 60% pass rate even after it requires certain validations in order to achieve a test appointment. In discussions like these I really wish people would post up front if they had taken the test (regardless of pass or fail). This lets me know which comments I can ignore as completely ignorant. Pretty Diff contains an option to convert string quotes to either double quotes or single quotes. This was a trivial update and I would be amazed if its absent in other beautifiers. http://prettydiff.com/?m=beautify I spend nearly all of my effort on "3. Degree of organization." I figure if I can get this right in first the most homoiconic way possible, and secondly with the shortest code possible then I get the first two points mostly for free. It is also why I loathe inheritance. When I read unstructured code written for inheritance I don't see the same path and flow control that the computer sees. I just see a bunch of global classes and public/private/static declarations like a million tiny islands or grains of sand. To me this is a mess. Uugggghhh. I think this list hits cultural problems more than anything else and is largely incomplete. It would be better mentioned as: * Don't be polite * If code style is what keeps you up at night then you aren't a good programmer Politeness is dishonesty. It is an excuse to lie because the lie less hurtful than the shame and disgrace of the truth. This is bullshit. I am a military guy, so for me nothing is more important than honesty and mutual respect. Kindness is a quality not valued at all. Hurt me with honesty, since I am an adult I can take it. If this is a problem for you I will view you as a weak coward one hand, but more importantly I will perceive that you are a liar and not worthy of trust on any level. We live in a wonderful modern world of awesome static analysis tools. Code style is something that can be automatically analyzed, validated, and largely corrected. There is absolutely no need for human intervention in this regard. If code style is your biggest concern during a code review I will view you as primarily incompetent since you have no ability to prioritize what is actually important. I will also view you as an expired dinosaur for spending manual time on tasks better served by software. This looks nice, like an evolution of FOAF. It has the proper focus on many of the key ingredients it will need to be successful: access control, identity, and the correct goals. Unfortunately, this probably won't work any better than similar solutions. It is missing something more important, a smart distribution mechanism. The web is not the answer. So long as they continue to think in terms of data and delivery the best they can hope for is Facebook plus privacy. They can do better than this. Perhaps they are new to web development. This is the nature of developing for the web: you have to perform cross-browser testing and you have no control over media. The only thing you can do is test upcoming browser versions and respond appropriately. They do release future versions as canaries. Developing for the web has always been this way. If the dev doesn't have time to be a commercial web developer then they should hire an assistant. There is some faulty assumption that functional programming is never imperative. Functional programming has nothing to do with declarative/imperative programming styles. The "functional" part determines the architecture by which the code is structured opposed to the style (vanity) by which the structure comes together. If you need to compare functional programming against something contrast it against OOP, which is a different architectural approach. > a perfect demonstration of why the front-end development ecosystem is way out of control. The answer to this is simple but horribly disappointing. In the military we describe this behavior as "justifying your existence". There are three separate causes to this problem. First, solving valid problems is hard in any environment. Dicking around with tooling and configuration is easy. This includes frameworks, abstraction libraries, and so forth. Real problems are often tied to products, services, or end-user problems (opposed to these invented developer problems). Second, writing open source software takes initiative and discipline. It is easier to have the energy for hard problems when people are telling you what to work on and you are getting paid. In this case failing to complete the hard problems bring retribution and eventually termination. When you are on your own or volunteering your time you have to really want it, which completely compounds the first point. Third, there is a low barrier to entry to do front-end work. You can copy paste some code from the internet into your browser console and watch it do stuff. You don't need a compiler, special environment to get started, or any kind of fancy software. This problem is compounded in the legacy corporate world where web technologies are still viewed as inferior child's play for incompetent weak-minded children. After all real developers write ALL of their web related code in Java 6 (sarcasm). The most disappointing part of all of this is that in the JS environment no build step is required, but it is often there anyways... I am referring to any build step. Do you need a build step to execute JS? JPMS spec - http://openjdk.java.net/projects/jigsaw/spec/ Project Jigsaw - http://openjdk.java.net/projects/jigsaw/ I don't know what the design decisions are behind these technologies, but I just hope it isn't NPM for Java. I grew my thing, a developer's productivity tool that runs in the browser and command line, by focusing on feature enhancements and code quality. I am obsessed about quality of performance and quality of output. This has its pros and cons: Pros My little tool can do things other more popular tools cannot do, tends to be more stable, and executes extremely quickly. From purely a technology perspective my tool is probably superior in many ways to other similar tools. This has earned me a super loyal following and allows me freedoms to solve problems, provide enhancements, and solve bugs very quickly. Cons I am so focused on the code and technology that I don't perform marketing or advertising of almost any kind. I am entirely reliant upon organic search results, word of mouth from my users, and occasional feature announcements. The challenge with this is that I have no control and often no awareness of my traffic. Being obsessed with code quality and product quality the code is very terse and not friendly to many developers. This means there is less interest from users to submit pull requests to the project. The extremeness of this approach makes the popularity of my tool hard to gauge. Last year it appeared I was on trajectory to become one of the most popular packages on NPM. I pulled out of NPM because they kept breaking my package, and so I have completely lost that traffic. I was about to exceed a million NPM downloads a month almost entirely from direct sources external to NPM. This is what it means to be obsessed with product quality. The single greatest burst of traffic to the website came when I published a new diff algorithm here last month. I made the front page for a day and got about 50,000 visitors. What I have learned is: * If you are producing something worthy of demand in a way that is superior to everything else it will eventually get the attention it deserves. If you are willing to accomplish those things the competition is either incapable or unwilling to accomplish you can compete no matter their funding or popularity. * If the code is harder for newbs to instantly jump into your contribution community will be small or non-existent. * If you damage the availability of your product most of your users will happily transfer their investment into something inferior. For most people convenience is, to a point, more important than niche features or product quality. * Without any marketing strategy the popularity of your product will grow exponentially (if it is worthy of growth). So expect to invest years of effort before seeing any return on investment until that special tipping point occurs. http://prettydiff.com To be clear, and I do agree with you, that net neutrality is only half the problem. You hint on this very directly several times, but don't actually acknowledge this out right. There are two warring trusts here, and both are equally evil in that they will abuse you as much as they can. On one hand there is the distribution problem, which is the ISP monopoly. With the recently media fallout around rolling back ISP data collection some of the big ISPs have openly promised to not resell this collected data... but if they own their own advertising networks they have less incentive to. On the other side there is the content provider mega-states, which actually bigger and scarier than the ISPs. As your facts indicate the top 8 apps in the Apple app store come from Google and Facebook. Using their ad networks they can track your browsing habits as a third party service on second party sites, which means they know who you are even when you have no account with them or are logged out. Remember the fallout of SOPA. SOPA scared the shit out of social media. If that law passed then social media would actually have to police the content of user submissions without motivation from multi-billion dollar law suits. On one hand the ISP army is kind of evil in that they force their authority upon the public and the public is often powerless to do anything about it. The benefit of that is that they don't have to be dishonest about it, which is some level of transparency... even if still an aura of corruption. The content provider side is scarier to me, because they can only gain wealth and influence if users lend it to them... and for convenience most users absolutely give up their privacy. They often don't need the same super-power lobby force the ISPs need if they can convenience their users to scream loudly enough together. Fortunately, they are each the solution to the other's problems. If you believe the content providers are the greater evil then prioritize distribution and diversify your content sources. If you believe distribution (the ISPs) to be the greater problem then consolidate your content consumption and receive it through alternate providers. No of course not. You have to do that on your own. > the ISPs are not offering a solution to anything Of course they won't offer anything to you that is not immediately in their commercial interest. You have to take the initiative to use what they provide in a way that does what you need. There is a lot that shouldn't happen when the primary goal is limited competition. I am absolutely in favor of net neutrality. Variably charging for accessing data is no different than variably charging for accessing water or electricity as the OP described. There is a valid exception for electricity though. When a user requests so much juice that the local infrastructure is harmed they should be fined and throttled. I don't see how this same limitation can be applied to data access due to limitations in the physical distribution technology. Even with that said I still think the ISP problem is the lesser of the two evils. People don't have any right to complain about NSA spying if they willingly sacrifice their personal data to Google and Facebook. This data isn't for lease or borrow... it is owned, and when it becomes the property of Google or Facebook they can, and should, use it against you to generate revenue. The software giants have convinced their users they are acting in a benign capacity for the interest of their users. The biggest problem is that most people take them at their word. > The end of net neutrality means they control what they or others can provide to you. That is not completely accurate. They are not content provides or censors... at least not directly. Some of the major ISPs do own ad networks and so can prioritize advertising distribution in a way that others down stream cannot. They can also irregularly throttle access to content using criteria of their choosing, which isn't completely censorship but is absolutely the slippery slope. Net neutrality is beneficial and important, but the ISPs aren't the ones you should be most fearful of in these regards. > They are if they determine what content you can get. Throttling and prioritization aside, this is not an argument I have heard anyone make with regard to net neutrality. > So, direct or indirect, it's equivalent in the sense that letting them have control over what you can receive makes them the content provider or censor in practice. No it does not. They are still merely the distributor no matter how directly they censor you. You don't get to use effect to qualify the causality in your argument. This is a logical fallacy called post hoc ergo propter hoc. Sure, but let's not confuse a bad situation with a non-existent hypothetical hyper-extreme. Interviewing is stupid simple. It is your ego moment. You get to sit in a room and talk about yourself. Although you don't control the conversation you can steer it in creative enough directions to keep it fun and positive. Maybe if you are a college grad with 0 real life experience then maybe interview prep is necessary... don't know. I could be biased though. The last place I interviewed at they knew who I was, something about my software, and some of my online controversies before I even walked in the door. The best preparation for interviewing at large companies is having a second part-time job somewhere in management. I held my first management position in a part-time job at age 24 and was once a director. I have never held a management position in the primary full-time career, which is a weird inverse of power-distance in some work meetings. Being a parent is also good experience for dealing with people. What they need to provide education on isn't dominating the interview process... but drilling down on the proper information necessary for new candidate retention. I have worked at places that are awesome and really work hard to ensure you are happy and constantly engaged in the work. I have also worked at places that completely suck full of benchwarmers with a million layers of abstractions so that code monkeys can feel a bit more confident. It is helpful to know if you are going to be miserable in the organization. The candidate really does share some of the burden of figuring out if they will be a good fit for the organization, but this is often really hard to interrogate out of the interviewers even for experienced people. I think you are talking about this: https://www.wired.com/2007/11/comcast-sued-ov/ The word "blocking" is used in the article by the plaintiff, but the actual issue at hand was throttling that the plaintiff perceived as blocked traffic. Even then the lawsuit wasn't about throttling either, but fraudulent advertising. Google has the privilege to treat you like an ape, because they know people will take it to work there. "Dance monkey"! If being spanked like a monkey doesn't tickle your fancy then don't interview there. Interview prep isn't going to make that better. > Most candidates aren't being hunted by employers. I call this the talent gap. When you are a newb or completely lack either experience or confidence in your skills life is harder. You have massively increased competition for lower paying jobs filled with more menial tasks. I have been there too. If a candidate doesn't want to be there they will invest in themselves outside the office. I spent as much time as I could writing open source software and language parsers while on military deployments. Most developers I know are frequently hounded by recruiters because the demand for senior developers is stupid ridiculous. Talking to people is a life skill. That is what interviewing is. You aren't going to learn this from inside a CS textbook. Whether you are seeking the job or they are seeking you is largely irrelevant. Being an extreme introvert isn't an issue here either, although it did cause me to pass out in the taxi to the airport once after a 6 hour interview. Just be honest (immediately so), be humble, and have confidence that you will do your very best. What ever happens after that you don't really control. It is okay to be nervous, but keep it in context. Nobody is shooting at you. You aren't drowning. Your housing isn't burning down. It is just a conversation. Then call them out on it during the interview. Maybe it is because I have a ton of code online for anybody to read that nobody wants to waste their time watching me write code on a whiteboard for hours. Sure, I will get asked to write some code in an interview but it is usally something quick and dirty just to validate thinking through a problem with a bit of pressure. Honestly, in my experience, most application problems can be reasonably talked through without writing any code. If you are a afraid of asking valid questions for fear that you will be rejected god help you. It doesn't hurt to simply ask a question. Now I know there are a lot of weak and timid personalities in the world of development, but once you put that blood into the water usually it doesn't take the sharks long to swarm on it. I have never walked away from an interview feeling dejected for asking the interviewer reasonable questions or attempting to qualify their assertions. > You're off on a tangent anyway. No, I am commenting directly to the subject matter. You want the subject matter to be only about net neutrality, but it isn't. I addressed this. Errors on all my code: * http://prettydiff.com/lib/ * https://raw.githubusercontent.com/prettydiff/biddle/master/b... Agreed. I took it to another level... and deleted my Facebook account. If I need to be social I have a cell phone. This reminds me of the criticism of JavaScript from many C++/Java/C# developers. C++/Java/C# are formally taught languages for students in school earning a computer science education. Most software developers are produced by 4 year university programs teaching students in these languages. For many of these developers the paradigms shared by those languages are the very definition and essence of programming. When these developers are tasked to write in JavaScript at work without any preparation or training, which is quite common, the myth of their narrowly defined view of programming is shattered. This results in low confidence and depression, but is frequently manifested in excuses, blaming the technology, other forms of cognitive complexity, and depression. JavaScript is different than these other languages and makes no attempt to masquerade as such, which can be deceiving as the syntax is visibly similar. How are Manning and Net Neutrality even related subjects and when did Manning become a telecom expert? Why would anybody invest in a startup without #4 and #5? I simply don't understand spending a huge amount of money like that without knowing what you are spending it on. As a JavaScript developer none of this matters to me. Here is the reality I see: JavaScript skills are in demand almost everywhere even if it is not the primary language or skill of a given job. Almost nobody receives any kind of formal education or training in how to write in JavaScript. If you work for a web based company you WILL at some point be tasked to write in JavaScript. When developers, who have never touched JavaScript before, are tasked to write JavaScript one of a couple things happen. First, they will attempt to write Java (C# or whatever) in this language because the syntax roughly looks the same. Secondly, they will grab the easiest framework they can find and hope to fill in the blanks. Essentially, at the end of the day, almost nobody knows what they are doing. In this line of work most people are utterly afraid to write code. We would be in much better shape if our biggest problems were developers or students cheating. Some food for though: https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/66hpqs/less_th... > This seems like a road that only leads to technical debt brought on by people who This technology is littered by technical debt by people doing everything they can to cheat. We are already there. That line in the sand was crossed years ago. He never did that before when at Mozilla. His hazing and firing from Mozilla really sounded like a concession favoring discrimination. That is not an excuse to discriminate against people for having different opinions than you. This isn't just a problem in open source. It is a huge problem in corporate internal software too. Most OSS projects that expect to receive (and actually get) the attention of users or contributors tend to work harder on better documentation. It is crontab. They are equating this with SOPA... I just lost interest. Neither issue is directly related to freedom of speech. Net Neutrality is indirectly (extremely indirectly) due to throttling based upon bandwidth and content factors that could influence the types of content a user prefers to receive. SOPA had absolutely no bearing on freedom of speech. SOPA would have made internet publishers liable for the content they publish via user submission. The result is that a content owner could then sue the publisher, who currently hides behind DMCA, instead of needing to perform the more extensive discovery to sue to violating user who submitted the work. Internet publishers are still liable, even without SOPA, if they fail to respond and take necessary action against a violating user in response to a DCMA take down notice. By equating net neutrality, an almost absolute good, with SOPA this looks much more like an excuse to protest something instead of actual substance. I am curious to know of the product the teenager sold. A have worked most of my career all over the travel industry and there is a huge shift I have noticed in the past couple of years. First of all the companies in this space are massive having thousands of developers and secondly these companies typically have an old industrial mindset of never firing or retiring people and absolutely never making hard transitional decisions that impact the work force. All of these companies are shifting as much as they can, if they aren't there already, to conduct as many transactions as possible over a website. Most of these companies have been around forever and have been engaged with selling online, in some capacity, since the 90s. The problem with that is that until about 9 years ago web technologies were slow and nobody took them seriously. Even now formal training in web technologies is rare. This is problematic because more is continually demanded from web technologies and the majority of the work force is completely lost. The universal technology in every one of these companies is Java and it dominates nearly all aspects of development at every stage. Java isn't a web technology. The result of that problem differs by company due to internal perceptions of technology and company culture. One company I worked with was growing its revenue and market incredibly fast outpacing their peers and historical norms. This group had the freedom to make candid decisions about their future and reality in general. They had the most bench-warmers of any group I worked with, but they also realized the future is in JavaScript instead of Java. The challenge is that legacy developers wanted to learn this "new" way, but transitioning is hard, especially if you aren't doing that work in your job. There was a lingering fear of obsolescence here. One company I worked for refused to figure it out. They were confronted by all manners of technology decisions they could not agree upon resulting in different layers of management doing their own things without agreement. The only strong part of that business was marketing. The company folded and somebody bought the brand for super cheap with a skeleton crew. One company I worked for waited very late to accept this reality and struggled to figure it out. There is a JavaScript layer, which is largely a vanity architectural layer over and reliant upon the legacy Java layer. This group has done well by cornering large areas of the marketing and acquiring competition. The technology is slow compared to their competitors, expensive to maintain, and very painful to work on. Many of the developers refused to abandon doing as much as possible in Java and will often block new code submissions that could be better served in Java. There was no fear of obsolescence because nobody in a decision making capacity was willing to do things in a new ways. I cannot imagine what this industry will look like 10 years from now as the technologies and developers continue to age and new blood continues to either burn out or grudgingly conform to the old technologies. What many developers either don't understand or refuse to accept is that when it comes to distribution you don't control formatting. It doesn't matter if that white space is explicit like white space characters or inferred from rules like CSS. There is a naive assumption that all platforms and operating systems will treat your text (everything is either text or binary before it is parsed into something else) equally. This is false. When when this fallacy becomes self-evident many developers will refuse to modify their assumptions in the belief that consuming software will figure it out properly. Sometimes that is true and sometimes will absolutely break your code/prose/data. Clearly that assumption carries a heavy risk, but this is just data at rest. When it comes to data moving over a wire the risk substantially increases, because all software that processes that text may make custom modifications along the way. You don't see it so much when the protocol is primitive like HTTP, pub/sub, or RSS (but it still does happen frequently). There are many distribution protocols are that less primitive and absolutely will mutilate the formatting of your documents, such as email (which is why there are email attachments). It is. When a machine modifies it in transit it is still text... just not the text you thought you sent/requested. That might be true in theory but it certainly isn't true in practice. I know because I have done this work before. Documents passed through email tend to get mutilated by each application that touches it, such as: email servers, user agent applications, and sometimes network proxies and other application tools on the line. Microsoft applications were huge offenders, particularly MS Exchange which added all kinds of crap to the document. The worst was webmail, which is an email client embedded in a web page. The documents would have to be mutilated so that contents didn't leak outside of a bounded area on the page and visually kill any advertisements or other controls on the page. If you embed HTML in email and then embed other grammars inside the HTML these applications will brutalize your document at every step. If you are fortunate and extremely defensive your document arrive at a first destination mostly undamaged, but after that any retransmission will thoroughly crush its soul. How is this even a thing when there are code beautifiers that do a great job? Try putting HTML with some exotic CSS (inline of course because this is email). Ensure that CSS contains some position absolutes and other properties that allows presentation outside the accepted bounds. Also put some JavaScript in there and see what it does. I guarantee Hotmail will destroy the original document and do so in such a way that the document evolves from machine that touches the document. The document, from the perspective of SMTP 821/281/5321 (and so forth) is still just plain text. I am trying to write a new programming language. Language design is new to me and would really love a co-developer. If anybody is interested the language is at https://github.com/prettydiff/simple and the design is still at the very beginning. Basic design goals: less is more, holy war elimination, strong/strict references, no syntax overloading, blocks by reference, single paradigm, sub-types by assignment/extension instead of by generics, lexical scope instead of classes/inheritance I did not know this existed. Thank you very much! This should probably be a schema instance and should probably go through the Oasis standards body. Once the API is defined you can execute upon it however you wish. Oasis typically standardizes schemas and business logic. I see an API spec as an implementation of rules, which is really what a schema is. Typically schemas are defined in XML and this API is defined with JavaScript code examples for use in JavaScript, but again that is an implementation detail that shouldn't have significant weight on the rules of the API's design. In the US a service provider is allowed to violate all manners of privacy for the express limitation of ensuring maintenance and system health. Spam blocking would qualify as maintenance, but advertising would not. I suspect Google violates all manners of privacy in an automated way for all manners of reasons and qualifies such in their terms and conditions. tldr; * The study uses more precise data than similar prior studies and comes to a sharply different conclusion. * Economists generally want to disbelieve this study, because the results aren't promising, but the method used is largely credible and the data is more precise. * The impact, according to the study, is that to compensate for the higher wages employers are continuing to hire but only highly skilled candidates thereby displacing the lowest wage earners or "removing the bottom rung". Nope. It is the sensation I (myself) got from reading the article. My numbers were about the same when I was interviewing for JavaScript developers years ago at Travelocity. The only 1 skill I absolutely could not bend on was the ability to walk the DOM. Only 4 out of the 22 people I interviewed could do this and only two of them could do it well. Strangely enough I warned candidates days before the interview of what I was looking for and still almost nobody bothered to brush up on the couple of basic methods needed to do this 1 task. I hear this a lot from people who have little or experience building large applications in high level languages. If you manage your code properly you can have strong/static typing in JavaScript. The difference is that nothing yells at you when you mess that up. Instead the application just runs a little bit slower. I have written large parsers and code beautifiers in JavaScript that blow the shit out of anything I have seen written in other low level languages. There are a couple of advantages that JavaScript provides for this. First of all you get immediate execution without a separate build or compile step. You can see that execution (on really large applications) is a bit slower the first time due to JIT compilation, but successive executions are faster because the code is already compiled in memory. Secondly JavaScript runs almost everywhere. I don't need a special run time or execution context. I can run JS apps on the command line or browser without having to push data to a server location and await a response. Finally, JavaScript is fast now. It executes almost as fast as Java and is only about 4x-8x slower than C++. http://benchmarksgame.alioth.debian.org/u64q/compare.php?lan... The biggest limitation I have found with JavaScript is memory management. Trying to parse a 180mb (or larger) XML file in my JavaScript application can result in an application crash due to excess memory requirements. > No, you can't. If, in an application, all your references are of a single data type and those data types never change the types in that application are static. This remains true even though the language is not statically typed. The language may be dynamically typed but all data types are static at execution, which is what static typing is. Also don't confuse static/dynamic type classifications for strong/weak type classifications. > Performance problems are the least issue with uncaught type errors. Crashes and incorrect results are the more common results. Absolutely not in this language. I am a JavaScript developer. I also have 0 worry about competition in the job market. It isn't that I am a rockstar programmer, that JavaScript developers are hard to find, or even that demand is low. Unfortunately, it is that most JavaScript developers suck. Absolutely horrid. The primary culprit is a lack of education (formal or mentor-ship) on how web technologies work and I have almost never encountered somebody who did well with these technologies due simply to their university education. If you are hoping your mastery of Java or C# is good enough to quickly jump into JavaScript or some other web technology will be sorely disappointed. This might sound ridiculous, but the web isn't going away. Read this document and practice the concepts it teaches well: http://prettydiff.com/guide/unrelated_dom.xhtml You can practice this directly in your web browser (developer tool's console) without any additional code editor. I am teaching my wife this now. If you can master that one skill and slowly build up some JavaScript confidence you can always find a job... so long as web browsers are a thing. Yet another reason to NEVER move to silicon valley. PROS: * if you land a job at a Fortune 50 company you could end up making $300k after 5-6 years if you are a badass. These are all big ifs. * lots of sunshine * easier access to venture capital CONS: * high taxes * real estate is 10x inflated compared to most of the rest of the country * actually, everything costs more there. The valley also has the highest gasoline prices in the country. Even food is more expensive there. * the top employers have, in the past, colluded to illegally not hire each other's developers * illegal sexual harassment appears to be a cultural norm * housing shortages * weird local politics (social justice warriors are actually a thing there) --- In summary the valley looks like a great place for founders (if male) but horrid for employees. A couple months ago I wrote a diff algorithm that was pretty popular on the front page here, http://prettydiff.com/guide/unrelated_diff.xhtml I like how the article failed to mention the most obvious example. The military backed out support for the movie Independence Day because they didn't want to feed conspiracy nonsense about hiding aliens at area 51. Clearly this is a propaganda effort to bend the truth into a lie..... right? I also like how the article never mentioned military supported movies that indicate dishonorable conduct like Invisible War and The General's Daughter . I think all these very obvious omissions were intentional because the article is wanting to indicate some level of propaganda. Tipping its toe into the pool of conspiracy foolishness. * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independence_Day_(1996_film) * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Invisible_War * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_General%27s_Daughter_(film... EDIT: I have rethought this comment (slow day at work). I do not mean to say the article is completely invalid. The fact of the matter is that the military holds trademarks over most of its common insignia, military bases are private property, and its personnel are employees. It has the right to offer or withhold any of its assets as it deems much like private entities. That said the military has the right to disqualify commentary or stories negatively without qualification. I believe the word for this is disparagement. You can be negative about the military and still receive military support, but it must be qualified. My personal opinion on the matter is the military does shape how it is perceived by the public through entertainment. It does shape that narrative. This has the potential to hint at, though very lightly, something resembling propaganda but I strongly believe this is not the intent. If the public wanted the most accurate and realistic portrayal of the military they would receive their view of that world from journalism or documentaries. This isn't want the public generally wants though. They want entertainment and all the suspended disbelief that comes with it. If you believe this is unfair then choose books as your source of fiction on military interests, which don't appear to have any such manipulation. In full disclosure I am a warrant officer in the US Army. JavaScript and the web generally are a really big deal. Unless you are working close to the metal at some point you are probably going to have to write code that somehow works in a browser. The problem with this is that it doesn't resemble C++ or Java and very few people figure out how these technologies actually work. Academia isn't preparing developers for this reality. Many will try to fake it or hide under imposter syndrome, which is fine if everybody in the company is an imposter, otherwise it is plainly obvious you are incompetent. There is a supported narrative either way. At its heart the net neutrality argument is really a media versus delivery argument. You could arguably eliminate substantial amounts of network congestion, and thus the need for telecoms to throttle in the first place, by eliminating online advertising and data tracking. Imagine, instead, if this were a choice between net neutrality or SOPA. If you had to choose one which would you find the be the lesser evil? In the end you are either playing the game media wants or the way telecoms want. Or move to Texas where laws make non-compete agreements are really hard to enforce, as in the employer has to prove harm not associated with loss of labor. Cost of living is about 3-10x cheaper in Texas. https://www.texasnoncompetelaw.com/articles/noncompete-agree... http://www.bestplaces.net/cost-of-living/fort-worth-tx/los-g... TX doesn't have state income tax, but CA does. TX has close to the cheapest fuel prices in the country while the bay area has the most expensive fuel prices in the country. Food costs less in TX and there is no sales tax on retail food purchases in TX. Yes, you get paid less in TX. For an average software developer you tend to get paid about 40-60% less. Since the cost of living is probably 3x more in CA getting paid a little less in TX still puts you at a huge financial advantage. I am not guessing at this. I am looking at the numbers and performing very simple arithmetic. * http://www.compare50.org/chart/index/chart/218/states/57,96 - A good place to start with lots of data. The graphs indicate state by state rank opposed to raw values. * I already linked to a site that does city by city comparisons, but there are so many online. When you solve problems other people are incapable or unwilling to solve you may effectively label yourself as: good. If the problem is a common one and nobody else is able to solve it people will use your code... even if the code isn't good. Project: http://prettydiff.com/guide/unrelated_diff.xhtml Show HN Link: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13983085 Summary: A new diff algorithm Result: About 50,000 visits to the web site, which then averaged about 1000 visits a day. Not much repeat traffic from those visits, but the daily traffic is now about 1200 visits a day. They could move to Texas. The price for that garage is probably more than the total cost of a 3000sqft house in north Fort Worth. The Toyota headquarters just moved from CA to TX and those guys are buying large houses in expensive areas of town in cash. I have known many people who have left CA for exactly this reason. I am sure CA is great when you are young and single, but once reality kicks in CA becomes very expensive. The repo that helped me learn to developer is JSLint. This influenced my thinking on code organization more than all other facets combined. Please note though that JSLint has changed directions on a couple things since I started learning programming in 2008. * https://github.com/douglascrockford/jslint The repository that taught me about parsers, code style, and algorithms was writing PrettyDiff. * https://github.com/prettydiff/prettydiff So..... who else do you think the Republicans are going to nominate for president in 2020? It is a balance of ignorance. I really do believe most people don't know and don't care about net neutrality no matter how beneficial it may be to them in the most immediate sense. At its core the net neutrality debate is a fight between media providers and transmission. It is clear to most tech literate people that net neutrality is a very good thing. Less clear is that media (including privacy) regulation is also a good thing. The transmission side of the argument is clearly in the camp of the Republicans (as noted by campaign contributions) while the media companies (think social media and online advertising) is clearly in the camp of the Democrats (as noted by campaign contributions). The primary weapon in matters of media versus transmission is ignorance of the issue at hand. The media side has very powerful weapons in that they control the content. If they fear regulation coming they can provide content to bolster their users. Think back to the SOPA legislation. These companies are largely unregulated and nothing scares them more than regulation. The transmission side just has to be persistent to win their argument and hope they can hang on long enough to out last the patience and technical understanding of the public. This strategy has won wars and can easily win political arguments. The transmission side of the argument is also fearful of regulation, but these guys have to walk a fine line. If they can dodge regulation because regulators are more interested in limiting online media then so be it, but this isn't the ideal outcome for these guys. Ideally the transmission companies would like a slice of that unregulated online media revenue, but it only makes sense if both media AND transmission remains loosely (at best) regulated. This requires a lot of careful political maneuvering and not upsetting political constituents. I wonder how that differs with this more recent data: https://www.theverge.com/2017/3/29/15100620/congress-fcc-isp... I find many people tend to use the terms parser and compiler almost interchangeably, which is a horrid mistake. These terms are not the same and are not related. So, lets get clear on terminology: * lexer: A scanner. It runs code, typically as a string, through an evaluator and builds pieces based upon known language syntax rules. * parser: A rule evaluator. Parsers typically use lexers to reason about code and then evaluate the pieces to determine context, relationships, and categories that describes the code structure. * compiler: A transformer. Compilers change code from one format (syntax) to another different format. --- > With a parser combinator library, you write a parser by starting with a bunch of primitive parsers (say, that parse numbers or characters) and combining them, eventually building up the ability to parse a sophisticated language. I do like that part of the article. I am working on a universal language parser right now. To be truly universal you have to accomplish two big goals: 1. parse all the languages 2. seamless interchange between the various different parsers (it is a single parser with interchange between the various lexers) Seamless interchange is necessary for languages like JSX, which starts as JavaScript, but can contain XML code units that then escape back to JavaScript syntax. Another example is code blocks in markdown documents where the code block can specific a name of the language described by the code block. Free speech doesn't exist online. I learned this when Brendan Eich was fired from Mozilla (even though his speech was private, non-vocal, and offline). The conclusion for me is to never use social media. Online everything is business. The most political I get is heated opinions about programming and developer incompetence. For everything else you will have to meet me in person and buy me dinner. The boundaries between lexers and parsers differ by the parser in question. Grammar and syntax are also different, particularly with regards to XML based languages. Syntax are the rules which define the language while grammars are the conventions that define the context in which artifacts in a language instance are interpreted. Whether a language requires terminating semicolons or curly braces are syntax rules. Whether there is an object schema or namespace concern is a grammar issue. Parsers commonly produce abstract syntax trees (AST), but can produce output in a variety of formats. I prefer parse tables personally. To say that a parser must produce as AST is rather short-sided and inexperienced. While parsers typically rely upon lexers and compilers typically rely upon parsers there is no law proclaiming computation must occur in that flow. Lexers, parsers, and compilers are all separate steps that can act independently provided a sufficient configuration. The best bet for low risk, high employment, and CoL - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plano%2C_Texas#Economy It costs much more than where I live, but it is still incredibly cheap compared to west coast. What works for me is locking down the application behind a plan. Users can submit whatever feedback, bugs, suggestions, enhancements, and wishlists they want. These contributions are important, but they won't change the roadmap. This only works when an open source application becomes ubiquitous or nearly ubiquitous and the users want it everywhere. Popularity and consumption rates are irrelevant to whether this works. This is because ubiquitous software solves an extremely common problem and takes too much effort to replace with an alternate solution. Ubiquitous software is not necessarily good software. When somebody wants a change in the roadmap they can pay you money to compensate you for the additional time it takes to pivot into another direction. You probably aren't going to make any money like this. Then benefits of this approach is that the maintainers won't burn out. They just work to the plan and occasionally respond to issues. The software has a transparent and published trajectory. WebAssembly is really going to bring some awesome fast processing for binary heavy tasks, like video and gaming, to the web. Essentially, WebAssembly is the new Flash, but it is an open standard, more secure, and language agnostic. Despite this I really get the impression a lot of non-JavaScript developers are really hoping this is some holy grail to allow them to write in their favorite language for the web platform, which WebAssembly absolutely isn't. Everything running from WASM is in an isolated sandbox. For obvious security reasons this isn't likely to change. Java is a language. It comes with a standard VM, compile mechanism, and bytecode. Fortunately, the Java platform is well segmented so that the language is a separate technology from those other pieces. Scala, for example, is a language different from Java, but still targets the compile mechanism and JVM. WebAssembly, by contrast, is not a language. It is only a bytecode and conforming container. Java could compile to WebAssembly instead of its standard bytecode and the biggest difference is execution environment. In order for WebAssembly to displace the JVM it would have to run where the JVM can run with appropriate levels of support. > For your second point, JavaScript is also sandboxed. There are all kinds of abstractions interact with the language outside the sandbox though: DOM, XMLHttpRequest, WebSocket, Cookies, location object, localStorage, IndexedDB, and on and on.... To my knowledge WASM does not have such a variety of APIs to expose access. The reason for this difference is that the security emphasis for WASM is instruction integrity while with JavaScript the emphasis is integrity of IO. WASM runs closer to the metal and so if any of the security CIA (confidentiality, integrity, availability) are broken everything that relies upon it, executes from it, or works with it could be exposed through memory. In this case it is the execution state that is important. JavaScript is not a bytecode format and so it can execute in a VM without the VM ever being exposed. All that matters for JavaScript is that it receives standard input and returns standard output. I did not see native DOM interaction in that document and the thing it linked to is 404. Agreed. It is more about personality than anything else. If you want to learn and solve problems you will simply work at it until you figure it out. I have seen so many developers utterly fail at this. They require not just a particular language, but a particular framework and a certain specific mountain of abstractions. Any less that could remotely expose their incompetence is immediate cause for rebellion. Their strong arguments are whining and excuses instead of simply figuring it out. I don't want to have to work at as a baby sitter if I am hired to be a senior developer. Some junior devs are a pleasure to work with and really bring appreciation to the job and others make me want to quit and go do something else. I say junior devs, but I have also encountered some senior devs whom I would describe as junior. Or... just learn the DOM api. It is only about 2 hours of practice and study: http://prettydiff.com/guide/unrelated_dom.xhtml > The last thing I’ll say is it takes time to be good at each role. When you’re in college there is this idea that you should take your 20s to discover yourself and the find the work that is most enjoyable to you. The problem is that if it takes 5-10 years to truly get good at something and you spend 10 years discovering what you want to get good at…it’s going to take a long time for you to feel like a highly skilled productive person (and to recieve the rewards that come with this). It’s not that you shouldn’t explore, it’s that you need to understand the costs of that exploration and plan accordingly. --- This is an understatement that I see many new or junior developers completely missing. You don't magically become a rockstar. Working with rockstars is helpful, but it won't make you a rockstar. Company name/brand is irrelevant to becoming a rockstar. It is all about practice solving hard problems, which takes lots of time and concentration. This is the only factor that separates the amazing developers from everybody else, and honestly most people don't have the discipline or personality to get there. Actually, now that I think about, becoming an awesome developer is similar to the advice for becoming a successful founder. You, counter-intuitively, have to spend a lot of time doing things that don't scale. A good example is ignoring all those frameworks and abstractions so that you can really learn how the code actually works. If you expect tools to do your job for you or grow reliance upon some temporary artifact you aren't as strong or self-reliant developer. In order to be a great executive you have to be a great employee. The military flavor of this is that you have to learn to follow before you can learn to lead. You have to know what your people are going through and be willing to step in and assist your people if the situation calls for it. At some point a founder has to transition from founder to executive if their company is to grow or they are to keep their job. Promoting, building, and marketing a new production or solution is great, but at some point other people will do that for you. You must be able to lead these people, build confidence in the team, and provide proper direction. You have to be a leader. Why the hell would anybody trust news from social networking? I understand that something like 40% of young adults do, which is an indication that some people trust anything that is socially validated. Another damn NSA contractor took confidential information home. Epic fail. I had trouble taking that article seriously. It was really preachy and everybody but Snowden is apparently a mindless idiot. From my experience working with web businesses age is irrelevant to hiring, but it strongly influences office culture. As a side note I am a front-end developer which tends to skew extremely young, but I have been doing it for 20 years. I don't consider myself either a baby-boomer or a millennial. In offices of extremely young teams without a lot of mentorship the big focus is on abstractions and frameworks. The primary technology is JavaScript. I get the feeling of people wanting to move really fast and build cool things, but with huge limitations around their understanding of the technology. In offices of much older developers the focus is more heavily directed towards code design and architecture. Contrasting to the previous group the older folks feel more confident they can build just about anything and don't mind jumping into the technologies directly, however their focus tends to be more narrow as though there are a set fixed few ways of doing things. This group generally tends to treat web technologies with an utter disregard and prefers to isolate themselves in Java. Actual fullstack people are rare to either demographic but tend to have a wider understanding of how things work outside their comfort zone. Yeah, my personal thoughts on this are somewhat similar. As a JavaScript developer I prefer to do what I can in JavaScript as compared to Java, but that doesn't make Java bad. Java is actually better as a web middle tier for managing sessions and all the other OWASP goodness precisely because it is a completely separate technology. But at the same time if the end product is something that appears in a web browser you have to concede to some mastery of those skills for the sake of product quality. Putting everything into Java (or JavaScript) for the sake of comfort is so very bad. This is perhaps the fastest way to screenscrape a dynamically executed website. 1. First go get and run this code, which allows immediate gathering of all text nodes from the DOM: https://github.com/prettydiff/getNodesByType/blob/master/get... 2. Extract the text content from the text nodes and ignore nodes that contain only white space: let text = document.getNodesByType(3), a = 0, b = text.length, output = []; do { if ((/^(\s+)$/).test(text[a].textContent) === false) { output.push(text[a].textContent); } a = a + 1; } while (a That will gather ALL text from the page. Since you are working from the DOM directly you can filter your results by various contextual and stylistic factors. Since this code is small and executes stupid fast it can be executed by bots easily. My open source projects have gotten me all but 1 of my last 4 jobs. Hands down. Yes, I still had to pass the interview, but when you can claim that your NPM package ballooned to a million monthly downloads suddenly the conversation changes from writing code to architecture, product management, and leadership. Essentially you are telling the guy on the other side of the desk that I can solve problems nobody else in the world is capable of solving (or willing to try) and here is my proof. The clear response from that guy on the other side of the desk is to refocus on the things involved with that level of effort/output. I have never had to worry about competition from other candidates. It has nothing to do with what I think of myself (ego or arrogance) and everything to do with how they perceive the potential I could deliver back to the company. Second and third order consequences of this, that nobody but the interviewer sees, is that you won't need your hands held like a child. You don't need all the popular abstractions, frameworks, and mountains of tooling that other candidates cannot live without. The reason for this bias, and it took me a while to see it, is that you are spending all that extra time outside the office solving many of the same problems as people at the office except that you are doing it without a financial incentive, greater time constraints, fewer resources, and often in a more portable way. --- Now let's look at the candidate who only works at the office and has no open source projects to demonstrate and they are competing against somebody like me who would rather be working on open source for free than doing the job they are (well) paid to perform. What does the interview have to ask that guy to assess their skills? It isn't about the code that is on Github. Nobody has time to scrutinize that. It is about the product, product quality, market penetration, the kinds of problems you have solved. It is about how you achieve popularity where other people did not and with a budget of 0 (maybe spending on a web server). But since you don't write open source and don't do work outside the office this conversation never arrises. The interviewer is limited to asking you about how to write code like you are a newb. I have had to interview, recommend, and train a replacement before when I involuntarily separated from the employer. One key factor is that the employer did not cause this separation. The big difference is that I am in software. My industry is highly portable and the jobs are in incredible demand. Essentially, I wasn't hurt by this separation. Always have a backup plan. I have a backup career in an unrelated industry. When you rely upon a single source of truth for all your (and your family's) welfare you are at greater risk of losing everything. You are correct that everybody can't get a first place trophy, or else it isn't really a first place trophy. We cannot all be the best. That doesn't really matter though. In most cases you aren't competing with the rest of the world for a job. Typically you are competing against other applicants. In this more common scenario you just have to be better than the applicant pool, which is far less lofty (not that it matters). If there are 30 people that applied for an open position we can probably assume that between a third to a half are probably less qualified than the interviewers hoped for, so then you are realistically just competing against the remaining candidates that which is a lower number still. In my original comment I mentioned my open source projects got me all but 1 of my last four jobs. The first of those occurred well before my software was popular and the company didn't even realize they were using it until it went up broken to NPM and broke their build. That madness didn't happen until after they interviewed me. During the interview I showed off my open source software just to demonstrate where I put my interests and how I am making effort to increase my personal productivity and solve original problems. The software only became super popular during the prior employment. --- On a different note I don't consider myself something special like a 0.0000000000001% programmer or anything like that. The popularity of open source software projects is a unique spiral death trap. Keep in mind you are doing this on borrowed time at personal expense and for years people will ignore you (or tell you that your software is garbage and that you are completely wrong) and use inferior products that have a more familiar brand name. Your software becomes popular if you can solve original problems and refocus continual effort on product quality. It took me years of effort and lots of people telling me I was wrong. I just did my own thing anyways and kept doing it because it was a personal project that worked well for me. And eventually it works for a couple of other people. It is extremely rare, but there are people who like to experiment using unknown software just for the hell of it (or simply because it is free). Those people create word of mouth recommendations. Rain drops become a trickle and if the rain never stops on a long enough timeline it becomes a flood. It is a death cycle because as more people use it the demands upon the product greatly increase. Your available time does not scale proportionately. You prioritize and do what you can. You can mitigate some of this, though, if you are able to close defects at the speed of light and can get to a point where maintenance and improvements are faster enough to allow deeper engagement with your users. The attention is nice and the idea of breaking promises or letting people down crushes my soul. That is how I feel about unfulfilled enhancement requests even though it is completely irrational. Completing those efforts are what made the software popular, so you feel a need to not let people down and to continue to complete the requests. > I'll be interested to see how HN responds to this. Why? This has no bearing on the validity or existence of claimed Monsanto research. Umm, no. Perhaps this is important to people who read news and need entertainment, but otherwise it is utterly relevant. In an eventual lawsuit evidence is far more important than hurt feelings. Better would be to go to a single Zulu timezone nationwide. You just go into work an hour later in the central area compared to the east coast. Why? Noon is just a number on a clock. Midday is when the sun is half-way between dawn and dusk. No, you don't need that. Many people think you need it, but only because they have never experienced the alternative. Once you try it you won't want to go back. I am above average intelligence and nothing pisses me off more than stupid people (especially stupid people gathering in large numbers). I can withstand nearby gunshots or explosions without emotional stress (I am military), but stupid people proclaiming their awesome wisdom really alters my emotional state. I had to stop visiting Ars Technica. Their news is great, but I wish I could turn the comments at the bottom completely off. Their comments (really from any news site) are a marvel in the study of stupid people coming together (commonly referred to as an echo chamber). The same could be said of any cause for getting mad. In general it's not very smart to get mad at nearly anything. This isn't a revealing or interesting conclusion. > Why would you cause stress to yourself after reading vapid comments I am not a behavioral health researcher, and so cannot answer as to why people get mad at things. > Or, if and when your outlook matures My outlook will not change as I am sure you will not mature above anger after being punched in the face. I do not suspect you are objectively considering the behavior. Take a problem that you have and provide the world's strongest solution. The problem exists because it imposed some kind of cost or inconvenience upon you and valid solutions are absent or unacceptable. Only you can form a valid startup idea, because it is entirely dependent upon what you are capable and willing to execute upon. It is the difference between a great idea and a product. I don't like resumes as 98% of each is probably bullshit unless the candidate is a truly amazing rockstar with 10+ years of valid experience. As a result any heuristic applied to resumes is just as worthless as most candidates. When I have interviewed in the past I literally stopped reading once I see contact information and save reading it for during the interview. If the contact information is not the first thing on the resume it goes in the trash. For valid heuristics I start by telling candidates something they don't want to hear. If that means they drop out then good riddance as I have 30 other people who are more interested in the position. Examples: * When I did this years ago I would email JavaScript candidates to set up an interview time and I would tell them jQuery isn't available in this job. Half would immediately drop out. Good. * For modern JavaScript candidates tell them the DOM will feature heavily in the interview and there will be no MVC framework. Half will drop out. * A rough equivalent for Java is Spring MVC or forcing architecture considerations. You can filter people pretty fast just by focusing on foundational simple vanilla code questions. It is astonishing how many unqualified people apply for jobs whose resumes are a complete waste of paper. The current employer would only take contractors for new hires (let agencies find the people) and would give out some interview questions to the contract agencies so that candidates knew what to study for before showing up for the interview. Even still only 9 out of 73 interviewed candidates were selected (who knows how many resumes were filtered out). The shortage is an imaginary bi-product of two actual problems. One problem is bias and the second is talent gaps. Bias is a factor in that many interviewers have no idea what they want from a technical perspective, or simply lack confidence themselves. When in doubt hire somebody exactly like yourself. This isn't objective or a valid representation of competence, but it is common. Talent gaps apply when there are a surplus, plethora is a better term, of new developers and senior developers are purple unicorns. It takes time and lots of practice to transform a newb into a rockstar. Throwing money at the problem isn't a magic formula for providing extra time and practice. Years of employment experience isn't an indicator of quality either as that doesn't necessarily mean practice solving hard problems. When you solve for bias suddenly there are a lot more competent candidates available. If you realize a single senior paired with several newbs accounts for the talent gap more quickly suddenly you can hire functional teams without false expectations. Candidates that need a coding crutch are less valuable than candidates that don't. Likewise candidates they are so petty or so completely lacking of confidence to perform without their preferred toy are less valuable and less flexible than those candidates who can perform in the actual technologies. If this is a measure to eliminate candidates who are ultimately less interested in doing the work then so be it. > I would take this as a sign of a toxic workplace and avoid it. You avoided explaining this. If eliminating unnecessary abstraction is offensive to you then I would be more happy to eliminate you from employment consideration at the earliest possible moment so that I don't waste your time. > I fail to see what's good about your approach. It was pretty clear in that the primary motivation was to eliminate candidates who either lack confidence or competence so that you can spend more quality time with those candidates who care more about the respective skills. I don't know you, but I am guessing from your highly defensive tone that you likely fall into one of the categories I described in the previous paragraph. If this means of candidate elimination is emotionally offensive you should ask yourself why. When candidates exceed the number of openings somebody must be eliminated. Old enough to have earned a pension in one industry. Actually, I have. It isn't about my opinions. It is about the underlying technologies and languages more directly. It is about understanding why things work the way they do and how large applications come together and how to organize things. I am less interested in copy-paste coders. My goals as an interviewer: 1. Do you have a solid understanding of the foundations for your skill/discipline? 2. If you were given $100,000 VC capital and told to build a revolutionary new thing how would you build it? If a candidate cannot adequately address the first objective then I will find another candidate who can. This is pure and simple elimination with simple non-biased questions on things the candidate should know to do their job without abstractions, tooling, and other trendy bullshit. The second objective is where I can evaluate my bias against the candidate's, but only after the candidate has passed the technical evaluation in a non-biased manner. If your answer was anything about fundraising, marketing, or capital I would fail you. The ability to answer the question that was asked is an unstated implied task. The question is about building something if you had funding and no limitations. > You are really asking to be bullshited The question is rhetorical, so what does this matter? It is part of a job interview. It is not a VC pitch. If this confuses a candidate and they answer a question not asked I would not hire them. Interpreting and following instructions are important skills. You are completely missing the point of the entirely hypothetical question to provide an impromptu technology brainstorm session. Another reason why this is an excellent question is that it forces people to follow a very simple single instruction. If a candidate can't even do that, such as getting in irrelevant discussions about financial burdens, why would I want to hire them? > "how would you build it?" Where is the complexity in the question and how is it poorly communicated? The question was pretty specific. Here is it again for you: > how would you build it? Following simple instructions is hardly absurd. If the candidate is hopelessly stuck in a state of circular analysis paralysis then the quality and thoroughness of their answer would ultimately suffer. It would demonstrate either poor decision making, weak communications skills, or limited comprehensiveness. There are a lot of candidates who need to have their hands held by a parent authority or are hopelessly incapable of forming original ideas. This is a means of identifying such people so that they can be removed from consideration. > Do you expect the candidate to ask for clarification, or is that a bad sign already (since they were to dumb to understand your "simple question")? If I had to answer the question for the candidate, then yes, I would consider that a bad sign. It is a simple hypothetical question demanding a hypothetical response. Creativity is directly correlated with problem solving. Presuming this is a technical interview and the skills are already identified and qualified the "what it is" isn't particularly important. This isn't hiring for marketing or product management. Make anything up. In this case the production process and software organization strategies are what matter. Attempting to bullshit past the spirit of the question with deflections and non-answers are easily identifiable failures. If that is how you perceive the question in your mind I would expect a wonderfully creative answer that addresses such a problem with a solution and either a plan of execution or organization of necessary functions. The inability to understand a simple question and provide a valid response is a problem, but fortunately you don't have to hire that problem. :) What dishonesty? The entire thing is a rhetorical exercise on the fly. There is a huge difference between science (research) and panic (person belief systems). The parent comment avoided bias by avoiding both, but you jumped right into stereotypes and accusations. That depends on the settlements. There are many Greek settlements far under water, but this has nothing to do with climate. It has everything to do with earthquakes. There is more that changes the world than climate. > I'm led to believe there must be a deeper root cause that prevents someone from objectively looking at data Because almost nobody does this. Most people want to feel smart so they read science journalism, which isn't the research conducted by climate scientists. There is much that gets lost in translation. Consider the following: * "Humans are primarily to blame for global warming". This means the majority of blame falls to humans. Majority is 51% or more but not necessarily 100%. There is more that happens in the world than people driving cars to work. * "The primary cause of the problem is CO2." That doesn't necessarily mean atmospheric composition, but rather a huge host of variables to include feedback mechanisms and cycle durations. You could easily argue humans do more to change the surface of the planet (and oceans) than they do to change the composition of the atmosphere, which in turn dictates the frequency at which feedback mechanisms collect CO2 from the atmosphere. * "CO2 is the worst greenhouse gas." No, the science doesn't indicate this. CO2 is a primary concern because it has the greatest ratio of cyclic duration in the atmosphere to the percentage of atmospheric composition. Water is a more effective greenhouse gas and, in many parts of the world, a larger composition of the atmosphere than CO2. Water's feedback duration is about 8 days (speaking liberally) while CO2 sticks around in the atmosphere closer to 72 days, though. * "A primary cause for alarm is rising oceans." This is a cause for alarm, but one among many and likely not the most important. It is just something clearly visible for simplistic commentary. * "Summers are going to get warmer." This goes without saying, but it isn't complete. Weather will likely become more extreme in many areas, which means warmer summers (actually median average temperatures for most seasons) and likely also cooler winters in temperate areas. Global warming isn't as simple as turning up the house thermostat a degree. --- Bottom line is that most people don't read science. They want to feel informed and smart, but cannot be inconvenienced to decipher facts and analysis written for experienced meteorologists. Most people need the real work dumbed down (substantially), which is what feeds the absolutely unscientific personal belief systems that many people cling too (both for and against). The problem with this reasoning, and political funding generally, is that it demands near immediate results. That isn't going to happen. The problem of global warming will eventually work itself out economically. Industry has been evolving towards a carbon neutral solution since the 1850s. The large carbon footprint exists because people started consuming and requiring energy faster than energy related technologies were evolving, but this has started to change in recent years. This said people will start off-loading their energy demands onto cheaper more sustainable technologies as they become available, which in time will increase the expense of fossil fuels as an energy source, comparatively speaking. Even if the problem of energy consumption induced global warming is solved the next consideration is how long it will take for the implications of global warming to be resolved in the effects upon climate. I am often of the impression that it is ok to start with many dependencies to get an application into an experimental state quickly, but ultimately this is extremely immature. As the application becomes polished over time and as there are refinements to increase performance, reduce complexity, and trim some fat many of the dependencies will go away. The reason why many dependencies peel off a maturing application is that as the programmers become more involved and aware of their knowledge domain they have to ask themselves if they can simply "do it better and faster on their own", which is likely. Unfortunately many applications, or their programmers, never reach maturity. Also there is greater security and dependability in managing certain critical functionality more directly instead of relying upon support from a third party that may not exist with the same level of compatibility in the future. > Do you find that many teams have the discipline to do this? It depends on the motivation. Ultimately it comes down to discipline. As applications get popular over time their code base starts to age and get filled with chaotic cobwebs as new features are added or requirements shift. If you don't really care you will do the minimum required to complete your assigned task and await the next assigned task. This is what it is like when the people who do the actual work have no skin in the game. There is no sense of failure so long as you ship unbroken code, and so everything is very mediocre. If you completely suck as a developer then mediocre is your personal resounded success, and so what is just another layer of abstraction if it makes your job easier. In startups, personal projects, or ambitious open source initiatives failure and pressure are constant reminders of reality. Everything is highly visible and it is always your fault until you ship something amazingly awesome. You need to ship quality code and make changes in the shortest time possible without dicking up the application. You don't want to get caught with your pants down updating a very simple bug only to discover a larger series of bugs in code you don't own that prevents you from shipping your little tiny code fix. Also keep in mind that nobody (well... very rarely) is going to look into your code to see if you have a million dependencies, but they know when applications are slow heavy pieces of crap. If an application constantly breaks because the dependencies don't play well together and your developers lack the confidence to solve elementary problems your brittle house of cards pisses people off. I am a web guy and many major companies ignore these problems by doubling down on their branding, instead of training their people to write better code, which really pisses me off. > what is it that gives a team or project the discipline to do this work of improvement. Ownership of success/failure. When your job or equity are directly impacted (the more directly the better) the emotional connection to quality drastically changes. I apply this level of thinking to my big open source project even though I lose money on it, because I know people depend upon me and I own it. I can be more successful than I am now if I continue to improve what I own or I can be a disappointing failure. This is harder than it sounds because metrics of product quality the confidence to attain such a level of quality differ by experience. Not everybody has years and years of experience. In that case you need somebody who can supply some technical leadership and not be afraid to hurt people's feelings when things get tough. The problem in identifying addition prone candidates is a problem of ethics. The primary behavior that defines "the gambler state", and many other forms of addiction, is a neurological disorder related to responses of dopamine flooding. This is a physiological condition in the brain that can be observed, validated, and analyzed against trends. --- The addiction In the most simple of terms dopamine is a brain hormone related to pleasure responses. If you eat chocolate and it tastes great your brain might get a small reward of dopamine. This is normal behavior and it is intentional so that the brain learns that pleasurable responses follow good decisions that result in rewards. The part of this behavior that triggers addiction is that the dopamine response is not consistent. Planned and known wins result in small rewards. A surprise win results an observably larger reward. Again, this is proper human behavior intended to influence learning and decisions in the brain. Addiction sets in when there is a disconnect between the dopamine cycle (the pleasurable stimulus from a win) and the resultant learning. A healthy person learns that the surprise win results in greater pleasure and modifies their behavior to find or achieve other surprises, because the current win is no longer a surprise and will no longer trigger the big dopamine rush. An person suffering from addiction, however, repeats the same behaviors in order to reproduce the same surprise wins because their brains haven't learned from the surprise. In their case their behavior is like-wise modified as influenced by the dopamine response, but instead of influenced in a direction for making future decisions they are stuck in a state of instant replay. While the learning dysfunction is bad it isn't the primary problem of addiction. When the cognitive decision making is informed by a short-circuited response to a non-cognitive physiological condition of the brain the person won't know there is anything wrong or impaired. After all, either way there is a dopamine cycle and modified behavior. It is impossible to determine the impairment yourself because that very level of awareness and reasoning are influenced by this dopamine-learning cycle that is impaired in the first place. That impossibility is the problem of addiction. --- The ethics People with the dysfunctional behavior are identifiable. The problem is what do you do with them. You already know they are subject to a hopeless cycle of instant-replay and can use that knowledge to bleed them dry. Their decision making on a very foundational and emotional level is hopelessly damaged. On one hand you can ask them to give you everything they own, and they will if you ask them correctly. This isn't just gambling or addiction, but qualifies a whole host of behaviors associated with marketing generally and isn't necessarily wrong... immediately. Ethically speaking there is nothing wrong with persuading or manipulating people. People encounter such choices numerous times everyday. The ethical part creeps on two fronts: 1. If you know somebody's basic decision making capability is damaged and you intentionally abuse that damage to your self satisfaction 2. If you know bombarding a person, whether or not in a state of reasonable deciding capacity, with messaging to influence that person contrary to their objectives or in excess of a reasonable period of messaging In many cases things that are commonly referred to as vises intentionally violate those two identified points of ethics. The legal available of a service or product does not qualify the ethics around such. Agreed, but where do you draw the line? How do you determine when a person has had too much or who are too broken to police themselves? Just to be safe let's poison the well by casting the widest possible net and ensure we capture everybody equally. Only then can we be sure who are the weakest links... the people most ripe for abuse. I suppose the social problem is that there is little motivation to identify people prone to addiction unless you have motivation to abuse that addiction. The standard technologies are larger than they used to be, but this isn't the problem that frustrates people. The JavaScript ecosystem is big because crappy developers are addicted to stupid. Impose hard lines in your office to ban unnecessary abstractions, large frameworks, offload extraneous build steps, and trim off as much as you can. Do this and don't allow stupid back in. Is that going to scare the crap out of insecure developers. Absolutely. They can get over it (and you can train them) or they can go somewhere else. If you want small manageable code this is the hard choice you have to make. If you are not willing to make hard decisions (and tell the cry babies to STFU) then don't complain about big code. This trauma is completely self-induced. This is perhaps the fastest way to screenscrape a dynamically executed website. 1. First go get and run this code, which allows immediate gathering of all text nodes from the DOM: https://github.com/prettydiff/getNodesByType/blob/master/get... 2. Extract the text content from the text nodes and ignore nodes that contain only white space: let text = document.getNodesByType(3), a = 0, b = text.length, output = []; do { if ((/^(\s+)$/).test(text[a].textContent) === false) { output.push(text[a].textContent); } a = a + 1; } while (a That will gather ALL text from the page. Since you are working from the DOM directly you can filter your results by various contextual and stylistic factors. Since this code is small and executes stupid fast it can be executed by bots easily. Test this out in your browser console. No, manually go there and copy/paste the code. Then when building your scraper bot use that code. WebAssembly has nothing to do with JavaScript. When people make this association it is clear they are painfully unaware of what each (or both) technologies are. WebAssembly is a replacement for Flash, Silverlight, and Java Applets. Naw, the DOM is fairly small. Go here for a summary http://prettydiff.com/guide/unrelated_dom.xhtml HTML is far larger than the DOM. Like comparing an ant to Jupiter. Currently DOM interop is a distant wishlist, so I wouldn't hold my breath. JavaScript isn't a perfect language, but it does have native lexical scope, which makes it a good fit for the architecture of web technologies. > Seriously JS should not be the lingua franca of the web What would you recommend for a replacement? When I typically see this it is from people can't figure out JavaScript as opposed to any rational technological reasoning. I cringe at the idea that people would offer forth really bad things that don't fit well merely to satisfy their own insecurities. JS is a language and not a bytecode media. Perhaps chocolate will replace cars and airplanes. I love me some chocolate. > That's an arbitrary distinction that's driven by developer group politics Not at all. JavaScript is a textual language defined by a specification. Modern JavaScript does have a bytecode, but it is completely proprietary to the respective JIT compiler interpreting the code and utterly unrelated to the language's specification. > There's no reason why a person couldn't program in bytecode. True, but that isn't this discussion. It cannot. WebAssembly bytecode does not have an API to web objects or the DOM. It is literally a sandbox for running bytecode only. You could write a crawler in any language. Crawling is easy as you are listening for HTTP traffic and analyzing the HTML in the response. To accurately get the content in dynamically executed pages you need to interact with the DOM. This is the reason Google updated its crawler to execute JavaScript. > It seems like you're claiming, in a really roundabout way, that WASM will never have DOM access I am not going to say never . It does not now and will not for the foreseeable future though. I know DOM interop is a popular request, but nobody has started working on it and it isn't a priority. Part of the problem in implementing DOM access to a unrestricted bytecode format is security. Nobody wants to relax security so that people who are JavaScript challenged can feel less insecure. Agreed. To be a strong candidate for a web scripting language you need three things: * native lexical scope. This is how all web technologies work. * Minimal reliance on white space as syntax. The language needs to be portable. Overloading white space as syntax makes a language more brittle, particularly in distribution. * Immediate interpretation without a prior static compile step. This keeps the code open to examination and minimizes compile time delays. Find another language that doesn't have all the stupid crap that JavaScript has and yet still excels in those three points and I will agree upon a replacement. Yes. The crawler can be written in nearly any language. The actual scraper probably has to be written in JavaScript in order to access and interact with the DOM as the user would and thereby gain access to content that is not present by default. It isn't due to the language but to context of known APIs provided to the language that can only be executed a certain way by the language. How would a browser know to restrict a web server compiled into bytecode specifically to violate same origin? The browser only knowns to restrict this from JavaScript because such capabilities are allowed only from APIs the browser provides to JavaScript. A line terminator on *nix isn't a line terminator on Windows, which is a big deal if line termination ends a statement, and that assumes the file isn't modified in transit. Yes and no. The language specification requires the use of semicolons. If a semicolon is not supplied the interpreter will insert it for you. That magical insertion step is referred to as ASI. I don't remember if ASI is mentioned in the spec (as I don't think it is), but at the very least it is a de facto standard as missing ASI breaks the web. As stupid as all that sounds... semicolons are actually required to terminate statements in JavaScript. I suppose that goes to how the language defines line termination and whether that language is OS aware. JS is completely independent of its execution context. Python may achieve this as well, and if so, then I am wrong in my thoughts about Python. Here is how JavaScript does this: * https://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/#sec-source-text * https://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/#sec-line-termin... ASI is defined in the spec here: https://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/#sec-automatic-s... > If you look at all the large Javascript frameworks, the increase in hardcore software engineering approaches taken to the front-end are an interesting signal. We have MVC in the front-end, we have MVC in the backend. Why have two MVCs if you can write an isomorphic application and have one? That is not necessarily a language oriented concept. JavaScript can run on the front-end and back-end having an MVC architecture at both points. A better question is why a developer should wish to impose MVC at all at either point? These concepts become easier to reason about when the software runs at a single location using an HTTP service (on localhost) to talk amongst its clusters. It is just a multiprocess application with the bits running asynchronously from each other. When one (or more) ends of the environment are distant factors change drastically. First, you don't control the remote environment. You are completely at the mercy of what the user is willing to execute and they may modify your application in ways you do not anticipate. Secondly, there is a delay between distant ends. Regardless of the application or language in question the environmental and security considerations at hand will continue to impose a separated JavaScript-like web application. Contrast the load times between those 1996 pages from the current site. Keep in mind there is probably no advertising spyware in the 96 site and it may account for most of the HTTP requests on the current site. Yep, it doesn't make sense and that is the problem. There is no reason why you couldn't write a web server in WASM that runs in an island inside the browser to bypass the browser's security model. > Maybe it's because I've never been a webdev but I just don't understand the fascination with JavaScript. Native lexical scope. Do more with less and write/test it in a fraction of the time. Seriously, a couple of rockstar JavaScript devs could easily replace a large department of equally skilled Java developers. Yes, but not much before. It took heavy evangelism and Google Chrome's JIT to make JavaScript popular about 10 years ago. If you have to ask that question then you must have all the disposable time and money but absolutely no passion or experience. The real answer is build something you know obsessively well, are extremely passionate about, and something that is vaguely original. If you can't do that don't do a start up. If you just have that much time and money to throw away fund a popular (existing) open source software project into a commercial enterprise. I once worked as the assistant knowledge manager for US Army Afghanistan Logistics. The whole point of that job was the evaluate and expose candor and honesty in the management. I can tell from experience there is very little candor or honesty unless there is a convention to specifically address that concern and that convention is continually supervised by a dedicated staff. The more challenging or bad things get the more true this becomes. The only staffs that doesn't have an honesty problem are those few rare groups who have largely automated away most of their daily work and fully exposed those automation processes for open evaluation. I suppose it is human nature that the more incompetent and lower confidence a staff section becomes the less honest and transparent they try to be. In reflection, candor is actually a really great measure of confidence and competence. The reason you need a dedicated convention and dedicated staff to solve this problem is because the boss never sees what the minions are hiding or what they fail to report unless somebody does a deep dive into their work and fully documents their efficiency and qualifies their quality of work. The article makes some good points. The problem the article illustrates is that the interconnection points that comprise the hardware of the internet are commercial property that costs money by commercial companies who derive profit from those piped. A valid solution is to regulate both the network providers and the content providers. The network providers should not be allowed to selectively throttle connectivity to targeted sources. At the same time the content providers should not be allowed to exploit their users with malicious script execution pushed through online advertisements and excessive privacy violations. If the online advertising industry weren't fixated upon stalking users and harmful negligence perhaps there would be less incentive for the network providers to throttle that content. There would certainly be a lot more bandwidth. I will just leave these here: * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15703061 * https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2017/11/an-alarming-numb... * https://www.engadget.com/2016/01/08/you-say-advertising-i-sa... * https://www.trendmicro.com/vinfo/us/security/news/cybercrime... The content of the communication can be (and many times is) encrypted. Encryption is irrelevant here. You still need addresses of the local and remote to make the connection happen. That plus some pretty simple heuristics are all that is needed to make an informed guess into the nature of media in transit. You could spin this argument in the other direction and say that the contents in the pipe should be extremely visible and transparent to everybody. It would be a complete violation of privacy, but it will also identify (to everybody) the kinds of traffic flowing and the costs of that traffic in terms of congestion (if any). How so? I would like regulation around online advertising and web analytics. I really get the impression that half the traffic on a modern commercial is the stuff you don't see, some of which is utterly malicious, and much of which is spyware. That is what I would fix instead. In the most simple of terms the Trump Administration is pro capitalism and strongly anti-regulatory. You could make the valid argument that no matter how beneficial net neutrality may be it isn't within the regulatory authority of the FCC to define or enforce such according to the agency's definition per their charter. This is perhaps the best argument for killing net neutrality. The common consideration is that killing net neutrality poses a direct and immediate harm to consumers of potential discriminatory practices from a small industry of commercial entities operating in a capacity similar to utility providers. That said it would fall squarely within the regulatory confines of the FTC. I think something like net neutrality is important and necessary, but I also think there is something more immediately important. I want the FTC to regulate the online advertising industry. I am tired of slow websites even though I get 900mbps up and down at my house. I am also tired of the excessive spyware and occasional malware that comes from online ads. Online advertising really is most horrid part of any online experience. > I am real curious why people think that the Internet, which is a communication medium, is not within the regulatory authority of the FCC. Despite the name the FCC does not regulate communications. The FCC regulates spectrum and interstate commerce thereof. Despite the definition on the FCC.gov site and the Wikipedia page the FCC cannot regulate cable even if they wanted to as mentioned by both Pai and Wheeler. Then you would be wrong. The FCC was created to regulate and license access to the RF spectrum, because radio frequencies are a natural finite resource. > Bits sent across a wire use radio frequency transmission to do it. No, they are either electrons pushed across metal with voltage or light bouncing around fiber. This is absolutely not part of the RF spectrum. It was named in 1934, and at that time the naming was fully appropriate. Ignoring history, inventing your own terms, and sticking your head in the sand could explain why you are confused about what the FCC is (as opposed to what you wish it were). Sounds like ADHD. I so wish people would stop abusing the term AI . This is an application that employs heuristics upon scanned data and then executes events. By that definition half of everything written in JavaScript is AI. No, because you do not own data you submit to Facebook. It is their data and they can do anything they want with it. If you find that disgusting then don't give data to Facebook. Absolutely not. HIPAA regulates the medical and insurance industries, which Facebook is certainly not. If you broadcast medical data to the public or put it in a newspaper HIPAA does not apply, much like this case. Best case scenario, and this is still a stretch, is that Facebook could be guilty of slander if they describe you has suicidal and that description becomes known to a third party without your consent. > They are using AI for natural language processing though I am not sure how that, by itself, qualifies as AI. It is a dedicated NLP application doing the one job it was designed to do. In my idea of AI, the machine would have to learn from prior mistakes without the developers doing that learning for it. Also, for what its worth, in the real world to qualify suicidal thoughts you have to ask a person directly if they have any thoughts of harming themselves or others while aggressively watching their body language to force a more honest response during emotional pressure. Scanning user submitted text would not qualify as suicidal behavior until the user mentions self-harm. What would you recommend as an objective qualitative measure of competency? The rest of the world, in just about every profession, has certifications or licenses. Unfortunately, this makes software developers cry. It could be that there are many people working as developers who aren't qualified to be there. That is because people do passwords wrong. Just make your passwords 40-60 characters of a common natural language statement with a random non-alphanumeric character at the end. That is really hard to brute force and easy to remember. Unfortunately, this simple solution won't work on archaic legacy systems that force stupid password rules and max lengths. From the title I was expecting much more than just DRM. 20 years ago the web was a wildly diverse place, compared to today's web, even though there were so many fewer websites and people online. This is a substantially greater loss, but whatever. When you need to play politics everything becomes sensational and your primary argument is the center of the universe. That is so completely not what I said. I bet my grandmother, if she were still alive, could easily remember this 63 character password: I wish I could walk my grandchildren to school when it is cold% That is so far outside of reality. Nobody hires a law student who fails the state bar exam to qualify its effectiveness. A more common situation are junior developers who are embarrassed by mentoring, and so vocally push back with anger that you would dare violate their ego. This is a bad cultural fit that needs to figure out their place in the universe or get the hell out. No, because you have no obligation to disclose anything to Facebook. If you choose to disclose this to Facebook that is your mistake. You absolutely must disclose medical information with a medical provider and with your insurance company. > What if it's in Google docs instead? If you didn't put it there than somebody has violated your privacy or violated HIPAA. > Facebook is a public forum not all communications are public per se so it's not clear what a disclosure is... It doesn't matter. Once you surrender data to Facebook it is theirs to do whatever they want with. That is the disclosure. There is no gray area. If you don't want Facebook having that information then don't give it to them. This site has a total of 9300 airports. The CIA lists 13513 airports in just the US - https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/... Google forgets. I cannot find any of my social media stuff from 15 years ago. There weren't many walled gardens back then. Everything was open to indexing and yet it no longer seems to exist. Net Neutrality is a necessary good and ISP content throttling is certainly part of the problem. That said, he makes an extremely valid point here. If the argument is that a few key monopoly-like players dictate what content we can access then the major online advertising companies are just as much a part of the problem as throttling ISPs. The US has a lot of hobby airstrips. Let me explain it like this. I live in northern Fort Worth. To the south of me there is a little international airport named Meacham. To the north of me there is a much large freight airport named Alliance. Down the street from my house is a small airport for personally owned airplanes. A little more than 5 miles from my house is a neighborhood built around an airstrip for personally owned airplanes. Then of course there are the big airports that most people actually use: Love Field, DFW, Addison Executive. DFW is one of the largest and busiest airports in the world and you still have all these other airports around. Go to Fort Worth on Google Maps and search for Airports. There are some smaller airfields that don't show up even though you have all these results. Flying is extremely regulated in the US, but that regulation is not super strict unless you are flying aircraft of a certain size or carry passengers. You have to be a certified pilot just to fly drones of a certain size. Those figures do not justify giving up a job in a cheap cost of living area. These numbers are about 60% more than corporate salaries where I live, but the cost of living in SV is roughly 3-10x greater. > I went to a concert a few weeks ago. The people beside me would stand still for 10 minutes and then someone would pull out Snapchat. The whole group would turn around, flash a smile and start dancing for the camera. 9 seconds later, they were back to watching the concert. Out of curiosity are you and your friends younger than 25? I don't know of anybody in my age demographic that would behave like that. I can even put that into perspective. The first time I deployed to CENTCOM (2004) there were more than 3500 US journalists already there (and there are many foreign journalists there too). The first time I went to Afghanistan (2009) I met one of the major CNN politics correspondents and his producer on a flight. You could honestly make the argument that with so much coverage putting your life on the line for a story that somebody else probably already has may not be worth it. In that context war and combat were the big sellers and got the most coverage, because you just had to be in the right spot at the right time. There is little or not investigation. The best news coming out of there had nothing to do with combat action, but rather things that demanded real investigation. The hard work of journalism. These stories were extremely rare, in comparison. The other major issue is allowing an audience to dictate your subject matter, which is my interpretation of crowdsourcing. I would say this is the quickest way to defeat your primary mission of objectivity and shortest path to bias. The big challenge here is how to determine what qualifies as a story worth publishing, particularly for an international audience. One way to limit bias is to disallow opinion pieces and editorials. Fox News is, on occasion, a great source of journalism, but journalism doesn't drive its ratings. Editorial pundits do, and a clear bias is the result. Always. Frameworks are just tools. Typically, when building large JavaScript applications I prefer to avoid the unnecessary dependency nonsense. I understand, though, there are many developer who lack the confidence to make that choice easily. If I can write it faster myself and end up with lower maintenance overhead compared to the concerned dependency the concerned dependency isn't needed. This is a major concern of framework applications that intertwine with your logic since removing a framework from your application may mean a complete rewrite of your application. With production software each and every dependency you do not validate with your integration tests is a risk beyond your visibility. I frequently hear from JavaScript developers the excuse that a popular application is validated by the community. This is a false validation from somebody who has never worked operations. The community is irrelevant. The only thing that matters is the health of your application, which is something you must take ownership of very directly. Lots of validation tests. Prove your application does everything it says it does with as many known variants as possible. They do really good stats. CNN frequently uses Fox stats. > Also, their bias is not out of a need to make money. It's not incidental. It's an open, well-funded attempt to push the country to the right, and it worked. I completely disagree. The pundits make money from advertising sales. The greater their following the more they can charge for ad time slots. Fox claims to be the highest rated and most watched televised news. It isn't about setting a political mandate. It is all about making money. Moderates were pushed to the right after Obama's time in office just as they were pushed to the left after Bush's second term. Now, it seems, many voters are being pushed to the left since Trump has entered office. There isn't a conspiracy here. EDIT: Rupert Murdock was a Hillary Clinton supporter. Are you single? I imagine you find a reasonably priced small apartment for a single person in SV. I doubt you can find a reasonably priced 3000 sqft house in SV. Is there data suggesting that SV developers have superior capabilities? I really do not see the difference between that, mnemonically speaking, and a random smattering of 8 special characters. If other professions hired like software development there would be no licensing and no credibility. Imagine your doctor, lawyer, pilot, construction engineer, or anybody else being hired because they had a nice resume and nailed a 30 minute interview. When things go bad you could try to sue them, but they will always find a way to blame somebody else. After all there is nothing legally binding to affirm they are competent professionals. Weak. Some doctors actually LIKE to practice medicine. Some of these doctors will travel to third world countries or join the military to get additional practice time at less pay. The difference, is that you still need to be licensed and certified to practice medicine. > Maybe. But rather than feeling bad wouldn't it be better to celebrate this, promote this and encourage things like this until a time that such things are common place enough to not be news worthy? Absolutely agree. I have lived in Afghanistan for two years. I just read that opinion and it is pretty solid, but I can offer a more precise correction for his opinion of American behaviors. Yes, he is correct about attitudes regarding individuality. According to the Geert Hofstede indexes the US is the most individualistic country in the world by a lot. As an American who has lived outside the US for years it isn't this individualism that is to blame. The actual behavioral culprit is thoughts on security. The US is a generally safe place and the wealthiest nation in the world, but the attitudes on security here are more similar to those of third-world countries I have live in. Americans have a cultural fear of injury whether that injury is a physical harm, disrespect, or an injustice. This was one of the huge selling points when Trump was campaigning for President. He really capitalized on people's fear of terrorism and ISIS. No matter how remote and irrational those things are these were real fears people had. These security fears are such a huge deal to American culture that it explains our use of military and politics to such an extent that the US always scores relatively low on the Transparency International Index considering the actual low corruption and efficiency of government services. To be fair almost none of those points, while completely valid, are within the FCC's charter. The only regulatory mandate the FCC has with regard to internet is to ensure that ISPs offer uniformity of pricing and service as those schemes cross state boundaries (interstate regulation of wires and transmission), which isn't the problem net neutrality aims to solve. Good point. I really wish congress would codify this so that things like net neutrality would have no excuse for contention. I would say that is likely the wrong question. Investment is a matter of giving up money in the expectation it will return value. If the morality or ethics of a company are so utterly repulsive that this question should be raised the investor has to ask if they can throw their investment money away. Most people are not willing to throw money away even if disgusted. You make a great software engineer by practicing solving hard problems. There isn't any secret formula or mystique. It is thousands of hours spent solving problems of ever greater difficulty. If you confine your practice to the 9 to 5 job then you are investing fewer hours than somebody who writes open source at night, and will likely be a weaker programmer. If you aren't independently finding new problems to solve then you will be a weaker programmer than somebody who is constantly stepping up their game. If you lack confidence and need frameworks, abstractions, and other bullshit to write a couple lines of code you will be a weaker programmer. Simple. No magic. Whenever I mention competence is a direct correlation to quantity and quality of practice people cry and create bullshit excuses. :( Perhaps if you wrote software in addition to doing that which is strictly assigned to you your question would answer itself. This isn't rocket science. GC is the primary performance killer for persistent CPU intense applications, which is why there aren't many such applications written in JavaScript. The thread is locked when GC happens. In most other JavaScript applications GC is hard to notice, because it typically runs once the application has finished executing. If I had to ask other people then none of my ideas would have been worth pursuing. That is the problem with novelty. If an idea is truly original and fresh nobody else will see the value in it until the work is done and the value is immediately available. I so completely don't understand the mindless things people watch on YouTube. My kid loves watching videos of people providing excited (cartoon-like) commentary over some third party playing a video game. It is like getting high on the suspense of something that is going to happen, but there is never a disappointment because its so stupid and mindless it doesn't matter if that thing never actually happens. Personally, it just seems like mindless crap to me, and yet people get absolutely fixated on it. > This is really not true. If the idea is so novel that people can’t understand and want it when you pitch it to them, building it is not going to help. In my experience that isn't true at all. I have often found that new ideas are often met with a lack of care but sometimes contempt or even disgust. People being emotionally threatened by new ideas is actually a thing and there is nothing you can do about it except fast forward to the future when those people have gotten past their inner conservatism. It is so incredibly rare that something screamingly original is met with a positive reaction, likely because there is no positive frame of reference on which to build enthusiasm. The only time I have any luck in this area is when I pitch my original ideas to people who are extreme experts around in that area such that the idea isn't a creative stretch for them. Even when I build the new thing the positive reactions are, at first, exceedingly rare. A new idea doesn't become popular until it is endorsed by popular people or by early adopters who enjoy experimenting with wild unknowns. People generally need to be told something new is good before they can reach that conclusion themselves, but when it does happen it happens like a flood. Based upon these experiences I don't dick around with pitches. Unless you really REALLY need a favor from somebody you are just wasting your time, time that could be better spent just building the new thing. Somewhat, I guess. Sports are generally exciting when live though. None of this stuff making money on YouTube is live. I don't really watch sports either, unless I am attending a sporting event in person. > Back in the day, it was thought that basic HTML was a format to last. HTML was never intended to be archival. Archival assumes a long term relationship between format and user-agent, but those two things evolve independently. > Who is going to update these documents in order to make them conforming to future browsers? You don't update legacy documents stored in an archive. You find a conforming user-agent (appropriately old browser version) to consume them in their intended state. > Is it worth it? Yes, HTML is a versioned format. Improvements to the format are welcomed and necessary. The WHATWG specs contain a lot of innovation, but change more rapidly. In many cases WHATWG specs are living documents that gradually evolve and adapt to changes in real time. Conversely the W3C specifications are fixed to versions and are occasionally patched with updates. The W3C process is incredibly slow and conservative, which frustrates developers on the bleeding edge. Due to the slow process, thoroughness of that process, and formal versioning most software vendors prefer to implement against the W3C publications as more stable or reliable. To my knowledge the WHATWG specs are the backbone of the W3C specs, but nobody follows the WHATWG specs. Browser vendors prefer to follow the W3C specs precisely because they are versioned and perform against a slower and extremely thorough review process. I don't need to see a comment thread here to understand the process. I have been following this for 20 years, long before there was a WHATWG. Additionally, WHATWG lost some credibility when they attempted to redefine the DOM and arbitrarily delete some node types. Granted, most of those types are legacy types not in use by anybody in long time, except for the attribute node type. Browser vendors simply ignored this foolishness. Yes, millennials are screwed. I do also largely agree with all the mentioned stereotypes against millennials, which largely explains just why they are so screwed. After having lived in third-world countries for some time I don't feel sorry for them either. I know that sounds cold and callous, but I don't care. They still have it better than most people in the world. Suck it up. I see this in my own kids too. I warn them about wasting time on stupid crap, but they largely blow it off. At some point they will be out the door, on their own, and poor. Hopefully they make it on their own, because they aren't moving back in. They have had sufficient warning and preparation which they dutifully ignore. If rent is half your pay check then either increase your income or move to a different location with a lower cost of living. I have known numerous people who have moved from California to Texas for exactly that reason and I have also met some people who have completely left the US for this reason. As a software developer I see where entitlement creeps in at various places. Sometimes it is from young people who cry because they suddenly realize they are drowning just need a little life raft, which because a crutch for their next life raft. Sometimes it is from old people who are tired of keeping up and just want to retain their position in life. At the end of the day it all comes down to being competitive with your quality of output. Here is a simple way to identify the behavior behind the problems many millennials face. Ask a simple question: "Should I feel sorry for you?" Clearly, the answer is yes, but that an affirmative answer challenges the cognitive complexity that allows a person to exist in that state in the first place. Again, don't care. I was careful to mention that I am not blowing them off. Before you get all sad on me do you actually have teenage children of your own? I have watched my much younger sisters-in-law go through something like this with strung out dependency on Mom. At some point you actually have to cut the cord. It is safer the younger they are. You hope they go to college, graduate, and get a great independent job. This doesn't always happen. Like with everything else life is much easier when expectations are set early. > The problem is that if you go by the fact that someone somewhere has it worse then where's the motivation to change anything? Initiative. People with initiative tend to be better off regardless of how bad anything else is. > Should we not be holding our societies to a slightly higher standard than what passes in the third world? You should hold yourself to whatever standard is most appropriate for you. Crying about how bad life is, or expecting sympathy, probably won't get you what you to where you want to be. There is a world of difference between sympathy and empathy. One of those is a childish quality that results in nothing positive. The other allows you to improve yourself and the world around you. If you cannot tell the difference you are no position to suggest such opinions of others. I am having trouble finding the background information on this. Basically, the WHATWG took the W3C DOM and wildly changed some foundational concepts without a thorough understanding of what those decisions mean. Here is a very simplified description of this problem years after the fact: https://github.com/whatwg/dom/issues/102 It is important to understand the DOM wasn't created for HTML. The DOM, starting with DOM level 2, was created in parallel with XML Schema. This is evident when reading some of the W3C mailing lists and comparing release dates of W3C publications. Attribute nodes can be independently walked when walking the DOM. By removing attributes as a node type you break this functionality. You can use this little utility I wrote as a proof: https://github.com/prettydiff/getNodesByType/blob/master/get... Browser vendors are extremely shy about adopting new technology that makes for breaking changes. They will do so, but you need to have an incredibly strong argument. WHATWG's changes to the DOM had no beneficial argument, except perhaps developer convenience for those developers who cannot figure out DOM walking. The DOM is a pretty solid technology with regard to extensibility, predictability, and sturdiness. If you maintain a large major browser and somebody came to you with breaking changes and a bunch of weak bullshit for justifications what would you do? Also, imagine if you will, that if you ever challenge the people bringing you this pile of shit they will troll the hell out of you in a very visible and immature way. The response from the browser vendors was to simply say nothing and ignore them like they were never there. I got into an argument about this with the WHATWG on a github issue once, and wish I hadn't. Ignorance is like a black hole that sucks everything in and it never stops to allow rational signals to escape undamaged. > To be dissatisfied with our society and the inter-generational transfers of wealth is is to "cry" and to "expect sympathy"? Actually, yes. Consider for a moment that there are many immigrants to the US who have no trouble finding high paying jobs. If they can make it here then why can't somebody who grew up here? I really get the impression you are trying to blame society for the failure of young people who expect sympathy. To me that is the biggest strawman here. This might be a societal problem, but the solutions rest on individuals. Blaming things, such as society, is just another form of crying. > Your advice may as well be "read more books" or "work harder". Yes, that is a good start. It worked for me. Also, so did writing tons of open source software in my time outside the office and having two simultaneous careers in unrelated industries. A big difference is that it took somebody new to the WHATWG (many years later) to admit failure and correct the problem very directly. In the past the WHATWG had a severe case of not invented here syndrome and would troll people to death who disagreed with them. I know from my own conversations with the WHATWG this wasn't something that long time WHATWG members would admit to (or even understand). It was the childishness, perhaps more than anything else, that nobody took them seriously. > Regardless of issues like this, browsers track WHATWG DOM near exclusively. I am going to disagree with you there. Perhaps they do now, extremely recently, but historically this is absolutely false. > You can see devs from all of the major browser engines commenting in the issue you linked. Yes, everybody participates in the WHATWG. This isn't new. Participation is different than adopting those recommendations back into your software. Here is what browsers actually implement: https://www.w3.org/DOM/DOMTR and https://www.w3.org/TR/dom41/ It is important to keep in mind that the WHATWG doesn't do a lot of XML work, but the DOM is markup language agnostic. The DOM isn't something created or maintained in an HTML rich vacuum. > This is about the exact opposite of archival: backwards compatibility. We don’t want to split the web into old web and new web. It happens anyways regardless of what people want. The 90s era web doesn't work properly in modern browsers and 90s era browsers don't work with the modern web. > 99% of the web’s users are not going to understand when to switch browsers, how, nor why. This also happens naturally. Chrome is the most popular browser and it doesn't come with most operating systems. That is something users must switch to. If you want to take that a step further leave your family for a year and come back. It wildly changes how all these things work in the mind. As an outsider looking in people in the bay area can be way too damn sensitive. With all the social justice warriors running around I am really put off in moving to that area (even if it weren't so damn expensive). People tend to fall into routines when doing the same things day after day. The behaviors are predictable like training pets. When you leave for a year all that predictability and programmed thinking goes away. It really alters how you perceive many parts of the world around you. I have done this three times when my part time second job magically becomes the full time primary job. Anything with the word Berkeley comes to mind. Honestly, outside of tech and the Giants (baseball team), the only times the bay area tends to make the national news has to do with people protesting something. Here are some examples I found searching the interwebs: http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2017/01/11/sjws-tech-conferenc... I remember the incident about Douglas Crockford as a big WTF that confused the hell out of people. > I think the chilling effect is already here now. Nobody will say it, nobody would admit to it and commit career suicide, but I have no doubt countless startups, corps, research groups will just not hire any women in the wake of this debate. I don't think that is probable unless you are a man who has a sexual problem and fears reprisal, which is somebody toxic trying to hide. Just to clarify sexual harassment isn't something confined to men in power and isn't just a women's problem. This is stupid easy. Don't make sexual advances at work. Not even it is just joking around. Don't touch your coworks on the ass, kiss them, or any other anything else like that. Any form of affection should be something that is ok in front of your spouse and the news media. If you do fear reprisal then always meet with your coworkers in public spaces, with doors open, and ensure a third party is in view. Don't hide anything. Again, stupid simple. If after that you are still afraid then just be unemployed, because you shouldn't be around other people. > Yet if you're a male, you can still end up falsely accused of sexual harassment Historically, this is exceedingly rare. Nobody wants the negative attention that comes from exposure of a false allegation. This is the line I remember when people try to force their supreme righteousness upon somebody. Sometimes people will use the word obvious as their primary defense, but that word is easily exchangeable with oblivious . > I think you're saying speech like that merely causes offense, and not harm, which gives me the general impression that you are arguing in bad faith. It seems you understand the correct answer in accordance with Mill, but then willfully choose to ignore that answer since it differs with your personal value system. To be very direct, hate speech does not violate the harm principle in the same immediacy or capacity as does yelling FIRE! in a crowded theater. In that case how would hate speech qualify as a valid exception to liberty according to Mill? That is an invalid comparison. There is a world of difference between panic and anger. > Well, evidently I don't think it's invalid. Fortunately, courts in the US do not have trouble discerning this difference. > The very notion of classifying hate speech differently from "regular" speech, is predicated on the idea that some speech does, in fact, cause harm. That completely ignores many of the concepts addressed in chapter 2. If you have to discern harm from context and then use that to classify speech in such a way that it can (or could be) silenced you are violating liberty, according to Mill. Harmful speech is not the same as offensive speech. The difference is the cause of injury. Does the speech itself produce the injury or does it manifest derivative responses that are injurious, such as a fist punch? > If J.S. Mill were here right now, he might concede that it is hard to find philosophical justification to treat the crime of yelling "FIRE" in a crowded movie theater differently than the crime of yelling "FIRE" in a crowded movie theater with the intent of killing people of a specific ethnic background... Not relevant. The intent is to kill people either way. > But Mill would not have trouble classifying the expression of certain opinions in certain contexts as causing harm. Mill's writing absolutely disagrees with this. Read chapter 4. He provides specific examples. A false allegation is fraud. Where these people fired? If not I would go work somewhere else, as permitting fraud is perhaps as toxic as permitting sexually aggressive behaviors. The reason for this cultural paradox is because face-saving is associated with dishonesty. That is that the behavior is not aligned with the spoken motive. This is interesting to see, because this sort of dishonesty is common in American culture where the values are primarily kindness and productivity. I find it interesting from my perspective as long time military guy where in the military subculture honesty is highly valued and kindness is not (it is just rolled into respect or otherwise ignored in favor of other virtues). > The amount of corruption I’ve heard against US Senators is staggering. Perhaps, but there was no indication of corruption in the article. If you really want to rescue the web find a way to restrict adware, spyware, and the like. I upgraded internet at my house to 1gbps (about 890mbps down and 920mbps up) and I hardly notice any speed difference surfing the web. Sad. Everything else is fast as hell though. The web is heavily abused because many developers are not aware of its misguided history or even what the web is for. To be extremely clear the web is a document (markup) delivery/rendering application. The design goal of the web is to deliver documents that contain hyperlinks, where those hyperlinks address content extension. The web had no intention to be anything else. That said the web was hijacked, for lack of a better term, by early web browsers that intended to do things that the web was never intended to do. This is how we got JavaScript. Fortunately, it also resulted in a universally standard architecture (the DOM), and additional technologies, that extended the web's original vision. To be completely fair the Internet was not a spontaneous miracle, but went through similar growing pains. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_Internet The problem today is that most developers have no idea what the web is or really how it works. Now, if you ask a developer about this they will claim otherwise and will work really hard to down play their ignorance. If you are not deeply aware of coding for the DOM, lexical scope, accessibility, asynchronicity, presentation separation, and so forth you are ignorant of how these things work. These are not expert qualities, these are the basics. This largely explains why so many people think HTML is the easiest thing to learn and then written really shitty HTML. > It's also worth mentioning that Roy Fielding, one of the principal authors of the HTTP specification (along with Burners-Lee), characterized Code-on-Demand (that is, scripting/VMs, e.g. Java and JavaScript) as a core constraint of Representational State Transfer (REST) [2]. The REST architectural style, as described in Fielding's thesis published in 2000, is intended to characterize the architecture of the Web. Not exactly. REST is only semantic addressing. It becomes an architectural principle when that is the primary basis for the organization of content. That said it is additive to the organizational concept of hyperlinks, but it does not replace or disqualify the original intention of content distribution. > Burners-Lee goes on to sketch out what such a system might look like, and characterizes the current browser/server architecture, emphasizing the separation between display logic and server logic, and anticipating the evolution of those display programs: That is how we came to something like CSS. I remember developing for the web in the 90s and browsers completely abandoned this concept. This concept of separation didn't become a practical reality (cross-browser) until about 2006 and then was still challenging in those (IE6) days. > Lastly, an excerpt from an interview with a Wired interview of Burners-Lee from 2014, characterizing JavaScript as part of the web's "fabric" and emphasizing its ability to evolve [3]: Yes, the current web cannot function without something like JavaScript. That is the web adapting to the technology opposed to the technology adapting to the web. Use a code beautifier. JavaScript code isn't encrypted or compiled to binary. It is just text. > but what it's really replacing is JavaScript That is a common misconception, but there no evidence of this. WASM replaces Flash and Flash never replaced JavaScript. > WASM replaces Javascript as the target of other language compilers. Ugggh, still no evidence. WASM is a compile target in a sandbox. It is the new Flash or Java applet. Everything else is a wish list from people incredibly insecure about touching JavaScript. So far any advocation that WASM will magically replace JavaScript severely misunderstands both WASM and JavaScript. I will continue to await something more than mere fantasy. Cactus fruit is becoming a common seasonal thing in most Texas grocery stores. It is cheap and soooo delicious whether green or red. You can find prickly pear tuna as well, but this is still considered ethnic food. > WASM replaces Javascript as the target of other language compilers. No, it does not. Compiling to WASM is not a replacement or synonym for compiling to JavaScript. JavaScript is not locked in a sandbox, in the same way, as it has a multitude of APIs. WASM does not have such APIs as it is just the sandbox. Here is the deal. All modern browsers now claim to support WASM. If WASM were capable of replacing JavaScript it would do so right now, but it isn't because it cannot. The demand is certainly there and yet despite that demand the results are completely absent. People claim this is because WASM lacks DOM bindings. True, but that is only a tiny bit of it. WASM also does not have a security model around code/data distribution. WASM also does not have access to the chrome of the browser (the parts outside the DOM). I also haven't heard much about asynchronous threads in WASM, which is a huge requirement when working with distributed code execution. This list could go on and on. This is common knowledge for people who do this work professionally. There is an incredible amount of work to do before an arbitrary compile target can replace a major platform consideration, and much of that work isn't API bindings. The people who claim WASM as a replacement for JavaScript, as evidenced on r/programming, tend to be the people most ignorant and fearful of JavaScript. They want a replacement so badly they assume this is it without any consideration for what the technical requirements are, because they have no idea what they are. I always thought it was just another name for napolitos. In that case I will say the prickly pear leaves are commonly available in many grocery stores as an ethnic food item. The fruit, on the other hand, is quickly becoming a premier produce item in many major stores here, but the fruit are only available for about 3-4 weeks each year. > Nobody was claiming that WASM would replace JavaScript in general, magically or otherwise. That is literally what I have heard directly on here and Reddit numerous times. > Unless you consider people who using things like Node.js or Electron to be "insecure about touching C/C++" I don't see where you get off saying that about people who want to use WASM. I am not saying that about WASM. I am saying that about the people who obsessively NEED for WASM to replace JavaScript and believe this to be a magically solution. If WASM replaces JavaScript then is this repository an example of JavaScript being replaced by.... JavaScript? https://github.com/ballercat/walt Yeah, I thought it was something like a holographic projection table. > I can think of tons of ways to work around this if I thought it was a real issue, I don't. People who want to block analytics, trackers, ad networks, etc... know how, and this doesn't feel like it is targeted at those people, or even squarely at the tracking pixels. A slow and shitty experience using the web shouldn't be the accepted baseline. People who know how to block spyware can't block everything. There is a lot that causes the page to hang if not blocked in a certain way, provided that certain way is available via some kind of tooling. Working as a JavaScript developer in a heavy Java shop for a major dot com. Everybody, on one hand, expects you to be a jack of all trades with mastery of: markup and various templating engines, CSS and presentation, anything related to events and asynchronous logic, distribution, and so forth. On the other hand your skills are generally not valued, though frequently requested and required. They consider JavaScript and the web an inferior platform and inferior skillset for amateur developers, until they are required to do some of that work themselves. When I am not available to assist the excuses and blaming of things piles up. Fortunately, I don't work in that industry any more. I quit Facebook and deleted my account. I have done hard things in life and that is certainly not among them. In my experience coming from a multi-paradigm background the difference is experience writing code. A newb tends to argue about things like tabs versus spaces, latest trends, and easiest abstractions. Rockstars don’t care about any of that and instead focus on performance, predictability, and simplicity. This can cause a fair amount of friction as simplicity isn’t easy and newbs cannot differentiate those terms. Simplicity is the fewest instructions to perform a task, which often means fewer conventions and rituals in the code. Performance is faster execution and lower resource consumption. Perhaps this isn’t so much a factor anymore with low level languages, but in high level languages with several layers of abstractions and giant frameworks there are huge opportunities for writing faster code. > I find this a bit confusing. That is exactly what a negative price means. For whom? Somebody is still paying to generate and store electricity and to maintain the grid. A mismatch between storage and demand therefore doesn't mean you get a refund. It means there is an economic imbalance that will result in costs some other unexpected way. I used to drive from Fort Worth to San Antonio once a month, 300 miles. I can do that on a single full tank of gas. I cannot do that on a single charge and recharging takes forever. The technology simply isn’t comparable. > This is a mistake a lot of developers make. The server and client are not the same. This is the basic value premise of frameworks. Write less code with uniform conventions and make it easy by hiding the complexity. Unfortunately, the premise is faulty. You can only lie to yourself for so long that your ignorance of how things really work is fine because of (name your favorite abstraction). This is a very direct example of tech debt. By ignoring how things really work the application will gradually get bigger and slower until it is an incompetent mess like paying off credit cards with other credit cards. The reason for this snowball effect is largely due to a lack of confidence that feeds upon convenience as opposed to examination of why technical problems exist in the first place. If you are compiling to the JVM the output is probably nothing related to a web app. > it's still running in a sandbox (a la javascript) People frequently make this comparison upon hearing the term sandbox , but this is a weak comparison. Yes JavaScript executes in a sandbox, but the JavaScript (JIT) sandbox is purely for performance instead of isolation, which is like comparing a pencil sharpener to a bulldozer just because they are both portable machines. A better comparison of the JavaScript (JIT) sandbox is the JVM. > Seems like crypto has a lot unique intrinsic value that surpasses traditional currencies to date. Only if they are used as currency in the marketplace. If cryptocurrencies are only an investment point they are a bubble with little or no practical value. The only value is to other investors. Personally, I find cryptocurrencies volatile and as such would not use them to purchase anything. In that case it will be interesting to observe this in practice. My fear (and prediction) is a lot of continued frustration and failure because the web environment is a different context than the JVM target with many different technical requirements. If the underlying technical differences in the environments were so trivial in the first place then simply swapping languages from Java to JavaScript wouldn't be so challenging. The application logic is currently smart enough. So long as the vision of AI remain around single, closed, data-oriented, monolithic applications AI will continue to be as impressive as it is now. It will get faster as the hardware gets faster, but it won't be what tech evangelists are hyping it up to be. If the giant tech companies really want AI to be something more they need to reevaluate what AI is from a very foundational and simplistic approach. Right now, the current approach, AI is just a big smart application, but it can never be smarter than a big single software application. While that is certainly excellent good advise it is centered on online code reviews, such as those in a git pull request. Although this advise is excellent, these aren't hard problems to solve. Particularly since if a submitter is out of line a collaborator or moderator can easily shut them down or close the pull request. Case closed (over simplification). Far more challenging are offline code reviews where you have to deal with people face to face and contend with people's emotions. If everybody were mature and confident emotion wouldn't be a serious factor, but this isn't the case in the corporate world. People are frequently guarded, offensive, or deceptive most usually without any awareness of their emotional communication. It takes a special kind of soft skill to get people to open up, be relaxed, and attain greater disclosure. This can be particularly challenging among young people who may be more emotional, face greater technical hurdles, and lack the communication experience to contend with emotional pressure. I completely disagree. Listening to people is paramount, but the subject of the conversation is the code in review. If you are paying more attention to the communication than the code you have lost focus and are reviewing communication opposed to code. I have been through this when people get hostile or defensive. They make their communication more important than the code. I don't have to deal with any of that online. As a project maintainer if somebody is being hostile I have several ways to deal with them from a command perspective. If I am a contributor and the project maintainer is being hostile then I simply won't contribute to that project. Also, online there is the convenience of time. You can take as long as you need to draft a proper well thought out response. Speed of thought in offline communication can cloud judgement and impose emotional distractions. I believe I described communication as paramount. > If you aren’t aligned with a human need, you’re just going to build a very powerful system to address a very small — or perhaps nonexistent — problem. A common theme in AI research from major software companies who are throwing thousands of developers and billions of dollars at this. AI isn't a giant monolithic application like a search engine. So long as the vision of AI remain around single, closed, data-oriented, monolithic applications AI will continue to be as impressive as it is now. It will get faster as the hardware gets faster, but it won't be what tech evangelists are hyping it up to be. JavaScript is successful for several reasons: * It compiles on the fly (and extremely quickly at that) * It runs almost everywhere and JavaScript interpreters (plural) are on almost every modern computer * It is multi-paradigm. This means the language can be structured in a OOP way somewhat like a Java program, or (thank god) you can avoid all of that nonsense. * The language is extremely forgiving, which makes it extremely sloppy but very cozy for amateur programmers * The most important part (and least understood) is that it features concepts that make programming fun: functions as first-class citizens and native lexical scope (without some conventional bullshit like a lambda expression) Madness. Code is so much cleaner when developers drop "this" from their code. Measurable for what? Do you mean in terms of: * Security - yes * Efficiency - yes * Size - yes * Execution speed - yes * Accessibility - yes * Speed of bug fixes - yes * Speed of writing new features - yes You must not be very experienced in this language. I write all my large applications without "this". Thankfully, this isn't Java and OOP is entirely avoidable. Classes are a relatively new feature to the language and certainly aren't required. Classes are a bit troublesome in that lexical scope doesn't directly apply to class parameters, which is why class parameters cannot achieve explicit privacy unlike other references in the language. I have heard people claim this, but it is evident from their code this is the only way which they are comfortable to program. Insecurity and fear from reliance upon closure and other natural qualities of the language is not a strong justification for verbose bloated constructs lesser developers find emotional comforting. It is supposed to be used with a solid understanding of its scope model, which unlike OOP is not an avoidable quality. I thought all the benchmarks indicated that WASM is still slower than JS. That being said the only performance improvements offered by WASM is if it doesn't for garbage collection for consistence execution. WASM isn't about performance. It is about writing applications in any language and importing those applications into an island in a web page. Flash has always been better for media and games than JavaScript. WASM fills that niche. Because one is a free and open standard where you actually own your data. The Black Mirror episode they are talking about certainly exists in various forms. I recently deleted my Reddit account out of similar aggravation. Ideas aren't more valid due to votes in a millenial's echo chamber. Stupid popular things aren't necessarily less stupid out of popularity by a similarly uninformed collective. 60,000 per year - https://qz.com/1189388/conservative-californians-are-moving-... The bad part about that is that if the valley already seems like an extreme mono-culture a mass exodus certainly won't help. > ”And they don’t mean “good” as in quality. They mean good as in “on the side of the angels.” That is a fundamentally huge misunderstanding of ethics, confusion between ethos and pathos. Ethics is about doing the right thing even if in opposition to your personal beliefs. There is nothing necessarily ethical about activities in fulfillment of a cause. This isn't the problem I most prominently see in software with regards to ethics or product quality. I far more frequently see people half-assing product quality in order to make timelines and either keep their jobs or fulfill some qualitative metric that earns a larger annual bonus. > Most jobs that do require higher education don't actually make any use of the higher education. This is a serious misunderstanding of what education is or is for. Higher education doesn't exist to provide a skill. That is what trade schools are for. I know this is largely disagreeable for many people on here who learned to program in a university CS program. Higher education exists to provide the educational background necessary to function in a professional, often corporate, setting. This means things like communications skills, following complex directions, and problem solving. It is a difference between a job of solving for implied tasks versus a job where everything is a directed task and nothing more is expected. The benefit is articulation and the ability to create and respond to initiative. The measurable benefit is the strategic success of a person's later career. Another way to think about it is whether you need to be told explicitly what you do for a job or whether you are given a field of problems to solve for (implied tasks). One of those is far more limited in risk and potential while the other is far more benefited by higher education. > export default class extends Controller { I know it is vanilla ES6, but at some point it starts looking more like Java than JavaScript. The boilerplate necessary to convey a simple instruction is directly proportional to the averaged speed of everything else (authorship, maintenance, execution, testing, frequency of reuse, and so forth). I suffered a life threatening infection in December. I have since started taking health seriously. I am nearly 39 and I can run a 28 minute 4 mile and a 12:30 2 mile even though I have asthma. I always find the concept of technology worker immigration to be a rather strange scenario. How the hell can the US be so dependent upon immigrants for work when there are so many Americans wanting to work for big technology companies? This begs the question: Are Americans workers too incompetent at technology development? If so what is the cause of that problem? I don't think your first question is valid to the immigration question. Every big company I have worked for simply opens a large office in India (or wherever) when they want to diversity their talent pool or business market. You can hire the best in the world and put them into a corporate office space owned by the company without bringing them into the US. > Willing to work at the salary that employers want to ideally pay? No. I am not quite so sure my immigrant coworkers make noticeably less than I do, although I cannot really validate this claim either as I don't ask people who much they are paid. > Employers see engineering as a cost sink and want to do everything possible to reduce budgetary pressures. Yes and no. Employers see developers as a debt pool, because they are a cost factor unlike people in sales who actually generate revenue, but typically they see hiring, recruiting, and retention as even more expensive and riskier endeavors. That drives all kinds of counter-intuitive behaviors regarding expenses and developers. Companies are typically willing to hire more developers than they need, because hiring is expensive and isn't always quick. Companies are also willing to prioritize slower more expensive technologies that require more developers so long as it means a reduction in recruitment and hiring risks. I find that process horribly broken. Why is it so hard and deceptively untrustworthy to hire people generally in software? I don't believe it is the hiring process that is to blame, but rather the candidate pool in consideration for the required skills or experience. I can promise you I am not experience anything remotely close to wage suppression or competition for employment. Perhaps this could be true for junior positions, but at the other end there are lots of opportunities available. That being said if you honestly believe there is wage suppression then I recommend programming outside of office hours and getting as much practice as possible so that you can rise to a senior position where such problems are absent. Then why doesn't the US produce more top quality engineers? It isn't as though the US lacks the population or resources to solve this problem domestically. My thinking is that Americans simply don't want it that badly. That was just in the valley. I work for a company that makes more money than Google (Alphabet) and fortunately don't live anywhere near the valley. That also has nothing to do with immigration. I believe I am paid rather well for the work I do, but then I also live in an affordable area. Developers make far more than average wages and often much more than many other careers of similar experience/education requirements. I don't believe wages are the problem or that suddenly inflating wages will magically blossom into a supreme talent surplus. It is possible to make 6 figures as a trash collector, without any education, if you work your ass off. Yet, I don't see people without college rushing into trash collection even though they probably earn less than half of that. Thanks, that certainly validates my assumption. At the current job is the first time I have worked with young college graduates. It is interesting to see that some of the developers are humble and are completely ready for the corporate world while others are the opposite. It really comes down to personality and whether a person's personality has allowed them to practice more and work harder to learn a skill. These people tend to be much better prepared without the delusions of their own awesomeness. A college new hire isn't ever the rockstar their social reference group has indicated and the more humble personalities didn't need magic to figure this out. Yes, I have actually encountered college new hires who thought themselves as rockstars when in reality they seriously sucked. They cognitively knew they sucked, but somehow the arrogantly boasting rockstar self-persona was still there in very much a stereotypical millennial fashion. I disagree. There are unique personality traits that qualify the millennial stereotypes which are not present in older age groups. Young people will always believe they are ready for the world if all their elders tell them such no matter that this messaging is baseless and inaccurate. The problem is a level of personal fragility and lack of contrary frame of reference. Fortunately there is a minority population in that demographic that either studied appropriately or with the correct personality traits to see through, or utterly disregard, the dotting bullshit. I wouldn't use the incompetence of others as a safe validation for one's own incompetence starting out. That is taking a horrid situation, lowering the baseline to compensate, and then filling to the lowered baseline. The result will be worse than the incompetence you already have. The positive resolution is to fire (or move) the incompetent people and change the culture of the team. Marissa Mayer - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marissa_Mayer By all accounts she seemed to be a great product manager, but product management isn't organizational leadership. Likewise there is Hugh Jones - https://www.sabre.com/insights/releases/hugh-jones-to-head-t... Hugh Jones was known for tenacious leadership in large volume business operations, but experience in retail and product was limited or absent. > Implied in finishing university is the expectation that you have been taught what you need to make it in the work place. Its part of the social contract. Its what I paid you for right? Then the person misunderstood what education is and reality is about to slap them in the face. I started a career before graduating college and now have two simultaneous careers. The benefit of having multiple simultaneous careers is that you can see the comparative strengths and weaknesses of each (things other people don't see) and adjust yourself accordingly. Millennials - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hER0Qp6QJNU The hiring process spends all its time to evaluate if a candidate meets minimum viable functionality. Instead my recommendation is to evaluate all candidates as senior developers and set them up for anxiety failure and watch how the handle the result. I can train somebody to be a good coder, but I will not be their parent. Perhaps I am fortunate to have grown up around technology. I knew network engineers who went to work straight out of high school without any college making $80k per year. There is a college major to configure routers and switches. It is just something you learn from gaining access to the hardware, reading books, and practicing. I knew this because I was interested in technology and I was find people who were already making it in technology. I didn't wait around for somebody to simply gift me with a job. I know not everybody has this. If you think jobs are just something you happily pull off a store shelf like shopping in a grocery store merely because you got some college you are in for a world of hurt. I could feel sorry for people who had absolutely no way of knowing better. Whether or not I feel sorry for these people the reality of the situation remains the same. Bottom line: Don't waste your time feeling sorry for people with first world problems. The simple rule I have found for achieving superior performance in high level languages, particularly JavaScript is to simply do less . It isn't that simple though. Doing less really means less code totally at the current compilation target, essentially feeding fewer total instructions to the compiler. This means no frameworks and minimal abstractions. It means having a clear appreciation for the APIs you are writing to. It means minimizing use of nested loops, which exponentially increase statement count. Sometimes caching groups of instructions in functions can allow for cleaner code with a positive performance impact. V8 cannot compile arithmetic assignment operators, which it calls left-side expressions, so you can see a rapid speed boost in V8 when you replace something like a += 1 with a = a + 1 . The side benefit of less code is generally clearer and cleaner code to read. There isn't any wizardry or black magic. No tricks or super weapon utilities. As an example I wrote a new diff algorithm last year that I thought was really fast. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13983085 This algorithm is only fast because it does substantially less than other algorithms. I only wrote it because I could not wrap my head around the more famous Myers' O(ND) algorithm. A side benefit, in this case, of doing less is an algorithm that produces substantially more accurate results. The two expressions are equivalent. V8 cannot compile that logic into optimized bytecode due to a violation in its code engine that conflicts with other optimization logic. So instead of fast compiled code the code in the local scope of that expression is slow string interpreted code. https://github.com/vhf/v8-bailout-reasons I remember seeing the cause of this specific case mentioned in a slide deck by one of the V8 engineers. I don't remember where online it is. I was to validate this performance limitation more than a year ago through self-testing in my personal code. As titzer mentioned this issue may no longer exist. I would have to run additional tests to independently make an assessment with the current V8. Before I begin just let me say I am not a mathematician. I program so that I don't have to do complex math. I know in reality the frequency of iterations varies considerably but for simplicity of discussion let's remove variability. Say we have a loop with 1000 iterations. That is at minimum 1000 statements in the loop body plus expression overhead from the loop itself. If this loop is nested once with a same sized loop there are now 1,000,000 iterations plus some expression overhead per iteration. If it is nested twice deep there are now 1 billion iterations. That example is exponential of 1000. Given that there is overhead associated with operation of a loop it is actually greater than exponential. It may not be quite so dramatic as a logarithmic growth curve though. I completely concede that in reality loops vary in iteration count and so nested loops aren't likely perfectly exponential unless their iteration counts are identical. The increase of iterations from nesting loops does increase more dramatically than a simple multiplicative operation as the depth of loop nesting increases, such that the growth of total iterations is a curve on a graph. A polynomial growth operation when graphed should present a straight diagonal line without the presence of a third variable. I am sooo not a math person. Let's not forget there is overhead to loops. At a minimum let's assume there is a single statement in the loop body, an increment statement and a terminal condition. In a single loop of 1000 iterations there are 3000 things to evaluate. The math becomes: (n * 3)^x If a simple loop is nested twice (3 depths) there would be 1 billion iterations but about 27 billion evaluations. Would it be correct to say that is just slightly faster polynomial growth? > We started Triplebyte because we were frustrated by the noise present in every step of the hiring process. This is largely just a software/technology problem. In all other professional industries there are means to validate a candidate's competency before they are allowed to interview for a position: licensing, required internships, legal certifications/authorizations, authorized relationships, and so forth. Technology doesn't have this. The big difference is that in those other professions they are using the interview to actually interview the candidate, as in the person. In software and technology the entire interview is used to gauge basic competency and even then the trust relationship is inherently broken. Contrary to what technologists will tell you the problem isn't the hiring process or low salaries (preposterous answer unless you live in the bay area). These are symptoms of a broken trust relationship. Hiring companies inherently do not trust the people they are interviewing as basically competent unless they have been told otherwise by somebody they know personally. Hiring companies shouldn't trust a candidate is minimally competent, because there is no means to a standard baseline on which competency is measured. That is the primary problem. Solve for this problem and the resulting symptoms are easily addressed by the marketplace as a matter of economics. --- The problem is very clear to see when you have two simultaneous careers: one as a software developer and a different one in an unrelated industry that has professionally addressed these concerns with required professional education and accreditation/licensing. > They are often weak signals of actual competence I disagree. They are weak at separating the top 10% from the rest of the qualified people, but they are excellent at removing the people who have no business being there in the first place. The first two that comes to the minds of most people are law and medical licenses. These licenses don't exist as a job qualifier. They exist as a legal qualifier. That means a gross abuse of the license requirements are cause for law suits and serious criminal offenses even though most lawyers and doctors are corporate employees. If programmers had the realization that gross negligence could land them in jail or cause them to lose their career and property in a lawsuit I suspect they would take their jobs more seriously than merely writing code. Programmers don't just write code just like doctors don't just prescribe painkillers and soldiers don't just shoot people . They make numerous critical decisions that have real world implications. Examples of gross failure are simplistic known security breaches that allow confiscation of millions of credit card numbers and PII. Other examples include discriminatory and accessibility violating software products. These are basic foundational qualities of competence. In any other industry negligence of this magnitude would put in prison. Since the base line is so ridiculously low for hiring developers these are considered advanced qualities often transferred to third party firms and only after threats of pending legal actions. All we care about when hiring developers is whether they are literate and have a pulse. Be serious, no change to any hiring process will fix that. > They are not accessible by everyone. Don't care. If a person want to achieve access to a given career they will find a way through their own internal motivation. If the industry wants to make the careers more accessible they will promote a desirable education path. This isn't a secret legendary arcane black magic. > but rather because both law and medicine directly involve human lives and livelihoods. How does that not describe software? When was the last day you were completely without software? Software powers all manners of our gasoline vehicles and the various traffic signals we encounter. It powers many hygiene products and kitchen utilities. Soon all of these will be part of the internet of things if they already aren't. > Any field where this can be the case on a day-to-day basis ends up having strict licensing and/or training requirements. Except software. > and the professions requiring accreditation/licensing are relatively rare. I am thinking that is every professional career other than software. Truck drivers without any education are substantially more regulated than a software developer writing life saving applications in an MRI machine. > The chance of a kitchen appliance endangering a human is much lower than a car going haywire or a doctor making a mistake due to inadequate training. The chance of any device on the internet of things leaking your personal habits online is not low. Furthermore, the risk of death or injury from electrical devices is only due to regulation upon such devices before commercial software was ever imagined. I would also say the hiring and performance of truck drivers is far more regulated than the firmware developers who write the code that powers that very truck. > the software that runs inside your vehicle is nothing like the software powering our favorite websites. So website software doesn't need to be written by competent people with regard for your privacy or security? Is insecure online software not harmful? Are credit card data breaches not harmful? So lawyers shouldn't have to be licensed or certified? They cannot take a kidney from you. Neither can truck drivers, real estate agents, or police officers. Morals and opinions aren't facts. Your correlation of these works doesn't make sense. My international observations completely reaffirm this. Let's consider the differences in just the Arabic world. I have spent considerable time in Kuwait. It is interesting to see many women continuing to wear the niqab that so many western societies find repressive and possibly sexist opposed to the more western accepted hijab. This garment is not forced by society or law, but is typically a choice of the head of household and the person themselves. I can tell you from my own observations with the wealth and freedoms available women absolutely do not appear strongly repressed in Kuwait and there also does not appear to be ambitious career goals among many (certainly not all) women in Kuwait. Compared to Americans Kuwaitis are lavishly wealthy. Contrast that with Kuwait's southern neighbor Saudi Arabia where my mother-in-law has been more than once on business. Women were given the right to drive themselves for the first time only about 6 months ago, and the niqab garment is absolutely not a choice. Compared to Kuwait and much of the rest of the world women are heavily repressed in general freedoms. Despite all the limits there appeared a very strong effort of women to wanting to join the work force and take on ambitious careers. Compared to Americans the average Saudi is in a similar place economically, but I suspect the difference is observable societal pressures cause Saudi women to more frequently question their independence and work ethic compared to US women. What I gather from those observations is that when you have anything you want and almost no performance pressures you simply won't have the motivation to work towards ambitious objectives. On the other hand when societal pressure to perform and compete is high a person is heavily motivated to work towards ambitious objectives. Kuwait and Saudi Arabia make for good extreme examples, but I would say the stated conclusions apply universally. The US is still so far away from achieving gender parity. In the US many women do not feel pressured to invest in career ambitions when conservative traditional social pressures say they can marry a man who does feel so pressured and still enjoy median financial results. The important thing about that statement is that it isn't claiming anything about a willingness to work, but is merely talking about investment in a future career. This thinking is largely to blame for far fewer women entering advanced careers of an abstract nature and why in many locales many women are more eager to take on menial work compared to males. Another interesting observation is the US military. Women are a minority population in the military, but compared to US culture at large the military is generations ahead in achieving gender parity with regards to compensation, opportunities, and so forth. Pay in the military is based upon rank and years of service where subjective qualities have no influence. In about the past year and half the military eliminated its final restrictions upon women entering elite combat training. Promotions are more objective in the military compared to the corporate world (I am a military officer in the reserves and a senior developer at a fortune 50 company). What makes the US military interesting to observe is performance of women compared to men in the force generally given that women are a minority population. My personal observation is that given a more challenging opportunity and sufficient preparation women tend to fail substantially less compared to males as ratio of sex to total population. In other words once societal pressures are normalized for individual pressures of success/failure take over and individual pressures are high given that there is already an investment in a career. As a product manager you OWN IT. If the product is clumsy or doesn't make sense to the end user you are failing. If the product doesn't drive target revenue then you have absolutely failed. Keeping that in mind the objectives vary pretty broadly. Perhaps the most important thing to keep in mind is that product management is NOT project management. Your goal is to deliver product success in order to hit a revenue target. That said product quality and product exposure are more important than release timelines, which is perhaps opposite of a project management role. To really understand product management you must understand what drives user behavior in the choice and usage of your product versus the competition. Research helps a lot, but you still always find yourself surprised by the behavior of your users. Your assumptions of your users' behavior is probably often flawed. Every time I read an article about VCs it is either about chasing trends or something bad. I guess this is what separates mature investors from corporate executives. This isn't a patent of bitcoin. It is an attempt to patent a new transaction scheme. Something similar to block-chain but with different mechanisms. They even mention in the application that virtual currencies already exist as prior art. If you really want to improve your posture get really bad asthma and run a lot at fast speeds. The rest of the day you are in recovery and when the pollen or arosoles get really bad you will probably be spending a good portion of the day in a casual asthma attack. Today was really bad as I had to limit myself to a 14 minute two mile and that left me utterly exhausted. Good posture at this point becomes involuntary, provided you remain awake, as you are casually trying to focus with minimal air intake. Your body will naturally right itself into the most rigid form that benefits pulmonary relaxation at the cost of other muscle systems, particularly as the bonchial muscle systems approach muscle failure and your asthma symptoms subside. My previous employer had way more than 10000 software developers. There was some justification for many engineers given the size of the business in that they did business in many different countries, owned many different brands, and had a major division that was completely divested. Those qualities are completely valid business justifications for the swell, but the swell was largely unnecessary. If the technology were written well and scaled appropriately they could have easily gotten by with several hundred developers. The most immediate problem in that industry is legacy technology. The technology is universally Java and it is often poorly written. Java is bloated enough on its own, required boilerplate, but bad software forces a multiplicative effect. Maintenance takes far more effort than originally authoring software in the first place, so a legacy Java application that is still being enhanced with new features can be scary massive. Worse still is that this was a web-based business and historically very few people have understood web technologies well. If you go back far enough you will find that JavaScript was too slow to do anything and nobody took HTML seriously, so absolutely everything ends up in Java. Java isn't a web technology and would induce rabid insecurity into crappy developers who spent way too much on their education to qualify their insecurities. You quickly end up with really crappy code and needing 5-10x people to maintain it. Eventually JavaScript got fast, so the business had the bright idea to offload everything in JavaScript. In the past nobody (well very few) wrote JavaScript well, because web technologies were slow and nobody took them seriously. Now there are still very few people who understand web technologies well and everybody else lives behind multiple frameworks and abstraction layers. The horrid bloat before you had with Java... well now you have that in JavaScript too but you are continuing to develop and maintain on both sides of the fence so you need thousands of engineers just to keep the lights on. Oh, but wait it gets worse. By now you should be asking yourself how the hell there are so many bad developers in the world and why hasn't the big corporation solved the bad developer problem. It is in their financial interest to solve this problem.... right? No, this is a cultural problem in the corporate world and so long as profit outpaces spend there isn't any financial incentive to fix anything particularly when fixes carry risks. That cultural problem is that training and mentoring are rare in the corporate world. Furthermore, most developers aren't properly motivated to want to improve substantially enough to solve for valid business concerns. You have to understand that programming is a skill and like any skill the only valid discriminator of competence is deliberate practice (developers with initiative to takes risks to do innovating things). Most developers DO NOT want to take risks. They want to be employed. Many developers want to go to work to perform only assigned tasks in their comfort zone, like in a factory, and then immediately turn their brains off as they go home according to a set time-frame. Personally, I would rather earn more money and have the freedom to easily move between employers if the need arises, which is only a common reality if you are more competent (more skilled) than other developers. Ok, so, many developers suck because they aren't motivated to do wonderful things, and therefore you need A LOT of developers to compensate for the bad code (and as they continue to write bad code). The next logical question is why aren't the big corporations doing a better job of motivating their people. Counter-intuitively, this problem is not solved by increasing compensation. If you increase compensation under the agreement that teams of developers will solve drastically more ambitious problems in more original (innovative) ways you are introducing risk to the developers' career. What happens in the case where a developer accepts higher compensation and yet fails to perform to the higher expectations? Remember that most developers want to keep their jobs. Employment is almost universally preferred to increased compensation others everybody would be entrepreneurs and nobody would be employees. People capable of appreciating and accepting risks are self-motivated. This means such people tend to identify risks with their own initiative and are self-motivated to solve for the risk without awareness of an immediate reward. This is where increased practice becomes important and the resulting benefits aren't immediately clear, such as increased job security or a future promotion. This is also a behavioral quality much of the corporate world isn't willing to produce, so they leave it to the marketplace. Increased risk acceptance isn't the sort of quality that drives favorable annual reviews in much of the corporate world, as annual reviews reward quantitative performance metrics. Talented people (people with the proper combination of practice, personality, and accomplishment) are rare and they take time to produce. It is so much cheaper to hire 5 times the crappy developers at 15 times the price than to wait for the golden unicorn to appear when you have work that needs to be performed RIGHT NOW. At least that is the common perception. There is also the common perception that many hands make light work. I am of the mind that technology failures don't exist. There are only natural disasters and really bad decisions. One person's bad decision is another person's comfort blanket. Just start writing applications and dig into the API documentation. This is how I learned Node. I will say having a background in systems programming and scripting for filesystems is hugely beneficial. I am just a pansy JavaScript developer, so I had to figure this all out to be better at writing Node apps. I will also say current versions of Node are massively backwards compatible. Very little of old features have been deprecated or killed out. This is all spelled out in the API docs. Perhaps the hardest part to learning Node is wrapping your mind around asychronous operations. Don't spend time with the synchronous methods if an asynchronous method is available. According to the article I am clearly in the identified top 1% of GitHub users by commit quantity. While prospective employers may not dissect the code in my various GitHub repositories this certainly hasn't hurt when looking for jobs. In fact, contributing to public open source has been the proven tipping point that shifts hiring decisions in my favor if the hiring manager is on the fence. In all other cases the combination of a frequent open source contributions and a strong interview have allowed me to nail senior positions as the top candidate. Whether or not any of this makes me a rockstar is completely subjective, but beating out all other candidates (several dozen) hands down on multiple occasions really increases my self-esteem. You can fix gerrymandering without changes to congressional limits. Simply use this criteria: * All boundaries of a congressional district must be either a state's boundaries or fixed to a single latitude and/or longitude and meet at an approximate 90deg. * Exceptions to the prior mentioned rule are acceptable only in the cases of remainder space, which is space remaining for a congressional district only after the prior rule is otherwise fully executed. * Remainder space districts must not be adjacent. --- An alternative approach: * Congressional districts must be limited to county borders in the case of low population density districts that may comprise multiple counties or subdivided entirely within a single county for high density districts. * Subdivision of a county must occur strictly upon either points of latitude or longitude, but not both and cannot exceed the borders of any single county. --- I believe the shape and size of congressional districts should be flexible to account for variances of population density. I happen to live in a state with a huge population and perhaps the most wild fluctuations in population density. For horrid examples of gerrymandering view our current congressional districts: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_congressional_de... To me that doesn't make any sense. If it is in the vested interest of a congressman to maintain the convention of gerrymandering then any action to the contrary is equally unlikely. A constitutional amendment is the least likely scenario since it requires majority support of the congress as well the senate and states. If you cannot expect congress to act in the peoples' interest the only viable solution is through federal court action. In the mean time, since I am in fantasy land (as you call it), I will prefer practical solutions no matter how improbable in the real world over constitutional amendment which is even more imaginary. Also there is no reason to expect increased seats in congress will have any effect upon gerrymandering and may even make it substantially worse. It certainly won't make law making more efficient. > Girls have the ability to be really good coders, they’re choosing not to. This has got to be a tech hub problem of places like London and silicon valley. Maybe it is a start up problem. In my years as a corporate developer in Texas women have been about 30-40% of the population at all skill levels. Women certainly haven't been the majority, but that doesn't mean women developers have been mysterious unicorns either. What I have noticed is that the more experienced (old) the developer population gets in the corporate world, by average team member age, the less sex stratified it becomes. Bah, I recently deleted my 5 year account with nearly 4000 comment karma on Reddit. Reddit is toxic. Saying something benign but mildly disagreeable caused some people to get emotional, and I do mean exceedingly emotional like you just crapped in their car and had sex with their girlfriend. I am not talking about politics, but subreddits like javascript and programming . Worse than being toxic, Reddit is an echo chamber. Many users find vote counts as more than a validation but rather a righteousness or correctness, which contrarily means opposing votes are not a disagreement but a vilification. I just found myself becoming progressively more depressed contributing to conversations there. In the end it seemed to almost never be about the conversation but about being RIGHT + 1!!! Since deleting my account a month ago I am a much happier person. Hacker News has voting as well, but with an incredibly important distinction. The votes are hidden from all but the respective contributors so as to eliminate votes from ever being used as any kind of vindication by ignorant people. > Why do we think we'll succeed at "detoxifying" the internet? We won't. Honestly, most people don't want success in any form. They want validation, comfort, and instant gratification. If you have to direct success toward a broad enough group it will never be achieved lest you temper your expectations. This applies to all things. It even applies to choice of career, income expectations, and hiring decisions as well as expecting more mature behavior online. > Closure & timer – a deadly combo In practice you can avoid this problem if your function wrapping a timer is not a method and the callback of the timer is a recursive call to the very function wrapping the timer. In that case there is no object to access to get to the timer's function and secondly the this function never nullifies or removes from garbage collection until the last timer is called. > setImmediate over setTimeout(fn,0) Yes, agreed, but I wouldn't ever run timers in a loop to achieve parallel asynchronicity. I would use native Node methods to achieve this. I would however use timers to achieve sequential asynchronicity, also known as polling, which is where setTimeout would be beneficial. Sequential operations likely to always be slower than parallel operations, but sometimes you only just need intermittent delays. I agree that these recommendations in the article are really good ideas. Is this about actual popups, new windows with their own browser chrome, or about modals? The graphics in the article reflect modals. If Mozilla really wanted to block actual popups could do so directly by directly removing the userland functionality spawns a new browser window. The comment you are replying to becomes more valid the larger the subreddit regardless of its subject. You wouldn't think subreddits like javascript and programming would be hotbeds of rampant emotional insecurity fueled by deep echo chambers, but they certainly are. When I worked at Travelocity we would find ways to prove this wrong as necessary to create those hated popunders. Expedia still uses these. Coming from the web world I find the term "back end developer" a heavily abused term. Most developers of web products would consider themselves back-end developers and typically program in either Java (or one of its variants) or C#. This isn't back-end merely because it isn't in a browser. Your average web product Java developer is all middleware. They write code that gels between internal services and output to the user environment. At most large web companies real back-end teams are heavily isolated and don't let the middleware people come anywhere close to them even if they are all writing in the same language. If your web-product Java developer needs data they call to a service managed by an unrelated team. How can this be from '98 when it mentions Malcolm Gladwell and someone's death year as 2004? > As outraged as many folks might be I am thinking that only applies to people who invested in cryptocurrency. > It’s the third-most-valuable company on Earth, with smaller annual profits than Southwest Airlines Co., which as of this writing ranks 426th. Would somebody mind explaining this to those of us who are not investors? Is this saying Amazon's stock is super inflated by investment speculation? > One thing that continues to amaze me is that WebAssembly isn't being discussed more outside of the context of the web. Probably because WASM is a runtime blackbox locked inside a web page running in a browser. There is a huge amount of overhead to that and the ability to interact with anything external to the blackbox is severely limited. I get that you are excited that WASM is a compile target for many languages, but it comes with a heavy dose of isolation and performance costs. In that case is the high value still justified speaking strictly in terms of revenue alone? Duh. Nobody is using cryptocurreny in any significant quantities except criminals on the dark web. The only thing sustaining value in cryptocurrencies is investment speculation. If investors cannot sell shares then there is nothing left for it. Investors must be able to advertise interest, any way they can, to entice other people to buys their shares otherwise it is just a retail souvenir. EDIT: I can see this post is irritating people. Please respond with an example of people using cyptocurrecy to make legitimate purchases in any valid quantities. I would say the term Bitcoin on its own is commonly enough understood. Even to non-techies. Do you know of a population segment that makes more than 10% of their monthly purchases in cryptocurrency alone or a major business that receives a greater than 10% revenue from cryptocurrency? I have heard of people on here living in silicon valley who claim to purchase occasional drinks with cryptocurrency, but I have not heard of practical or regular expenditures with cryptocurrency or anybody that I know offline who uses it for any kind of expense. Because a web browser is essentially an operating system running many internal applications. Simply open an empty browser with a single tab and watch how much memory it consumes. Compare that with a new command shell. Have any of you guys deployed to a combat zone? For us fobbits (people hopelessly stranded to the safety of the forward operating base) all the stresses of daily life are gone. There is no commute, no worrying about what to eat, what to wear, picking up kids, or anything else that consumes a normal person's time. In a way it is kind of like a vacation. You have so much disposable time to spend on hobbies, exercise, or education. It is very much like being in prison, except that I am not afraid of my fellow inmates. It is strange though, because you don't get to pick your friends, much like prison. I suspect the fellow fobbits are substantially more educated on average than a typical prison population and probably generally healthier physically and mentally. You would be surprised, though, at just how mentally unhealthy many of your coworkers are when you are around them long enough to really see it. Unless you are extremely ambitious and psychotically disciplined that much downtime grates on your soul. Being deployed for too long can be depressing and you cannot escape a certain amount of emotional isolation. It is also weird having a spouse and children and yet living apart for a year or more like a single person. The long term consequence of the environment is an unhealthy dose of apathy. If you are too bored for too long you really don't care about most anything. Unfortunately, the environment provides little motivation to care as you are less likely to die in a combat zone stuck on a fob than driving to work in the civilian world. I remember that being a huge concern between my second and third deployments, but this was several years ago. Is the green on blue still a common problem? Sexual assaults used to occur in a higher frequency than you would suspect in FOB environments particularly around certain NATO allies as well. Even with these insider threats and the periodic rocket attacks daily life was still hopelessly dull. I remember people willing to cut off their arms to experience the misery of combat just to get off the FOB. > Is this boredom and other psychological stresses responsible for the sexual offences committed by deployed troops? I am really not the expert to provide a qualified answer to any of this. I can only speak to my own observations. My perspective is that of a US Army soldier. Everything that follows is only my personal opinion. I have been deployed three times and only one of those times was sexual assault a significant concern. When a certain NATO ally left the area the problem essentially evaporated overnight. That change happened shortly after we arrived at the area. I am unaware of what that the motivating factor was. Coincidentally, shortly before that NATO ally left (days before I arrived) there was also a notable incident. A seemingly unarmed victim was attacked at night by two people in civilian clothes. One of these people served as a distraction while the second clubbed the victim in the head from behind and then drug the victim to a nearby area that muffled sound. Shortly after that the victim regained consciousness and pulled out a very small knife hidden on their person. The victim was able to carve up one of the assailants legs leaving the second assailant to pull him to safety. The victim then walked to the hospital to be treated for the head injury and there reported the offense. I have no idea if this defensive action contributed to the immediate decline in following sexual assault incidents. According to the documentary "The Invisible War" the US military forces have had a problem with sexual assault much higher than the comparative civilian world. The documentary does not directly or officially indicate a cause, but to me it looked like the documentary spelled out a specific cause: weak leadership . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Invisible_War > And if there is a way through which civilian governments can control it. Never tolerate or condone sexual assault in any form. Always investigate reported incidents. Also, and this is important, punish people who are proven to be aware of incidents but fail to report them. > Curious to know how long it takes for a person's mentally unhealthy characteristics to become evident in a combat zone. If you are talking about unhealthy enough to create injurious situations I think that differs by the situation and stimulus present. I don't think there is a single uniform answer. Also, it really helps if there are people around to watch for dramatic shifts in behavior before it becomes self-destructive. It is important to note that many people may silently suffer from exceedingly minor and undiagnosed mental health defects that they may not be aware of. When you are around people long enough these qualities become more observable. In my experience it takes as little as 2 to 3 months of observation to really identify it with some amount of fine precision and learn to your own communication skills to compensate for the identified personality qualities. I have a professional mental health counselor in my family who insists as much as 40% of the population could benefit from some minor amount of behavior altering medication. I haven't observed numbers that high from deployment environments, but I have observed a higher number of individuals fitting this criteria than you might think. Some locations have major video game centers. There are tons of free used novels to read. I always recommend soldiers carry a primary novel on their person and a secondary novel in their gear if they are traveling. It is not always convenient to get into your gear and pull out a laptop, but a novel can be easily slipped in and out of your cargo pocket. I refined my programming skills developing a personal open source software tool over two deployments. Two deployments was almost enough to transform me from a junior developer into a strong senior. I also passed the CISSP exam on the first try because I had time to read the entire course book and think about the qualifying management scenarios. You absolutely have to find a way to say busy. Boredom reinforces your loneliness and lack of emotional intimacy, which is a bad place to be in. So that they aren't paying out huge sums of money for trivial defects in fringe products. For example a userland defect in editing tools of Sharepoint is not going to be worthy of a $250,000 reward to MS. > I think the problem is more that OOP and FP teach that the solution is in the language constructs, when in fact the solution is in the developer. I would say the solution is in the appropriate construct. Do whatever means writing the least amount of code possible. Less code means less to maintain and less to execute. > "which turns out to be a social process." I used to agree with this 100%, particularly as I was teaching myself to program. Now I don't. Not even a little bit. I learned to program, almost entirely, on my own, in a vacuum. I started learning to program just before I was pulled into my second military deployment, years on the job at Travelocity, and then refined my skills during my third military deployment. It wasn't completely a vacuum as I could talk to people online. I learned most of my early architectural concepts from practicing against the recommendations of Douglas Crockford. I had nobody in the real world I talked to about my programming. In reflection this made me a substantially better programmer, and I never realized it until somebody in the military explained why. I am a JavaScript developer. I first started learning to program just before abstraction libraries became the religious dogma that nobody could live without and ultimately coalesced around jQuery. This was not a technology phenomenon it was a social phenomenon. I largely missed the insanity that was so popular in the social business world as I was bouncing around various FOBs in Afghanistan without an internet connection. I learned to write against the vanilla DOM and optimize my code to perform quickly, cross browser, with simplified logic. I didn't an abstraction library and a bunch of dependencies to slow me down. When I came back to Travelocity my ability to write fast code in the browser that just always seemed to work earned me a promotion and I became a senior developer and the A/B test experiment guy for the company. When I started my second deployment I taught myself to program by writing an open source code beautification tool that worked in the browser. Node.js was just invented and I wasn't aware of it just yet, so my tool was limited to the browser. I taught myself language parsing for various different kinds of grammars. Much of this code mostly worked but it was poorly constructed and certainly not 100%. When I was sucked into my third deployment I wasn't skilled enough to be a software architect. I had more learning to do, but a few months in I really learned to refine my approach to architecture and wrote some new language parsers from scratch that turned out to be solid and extensible. At this time while I was again out of the mix from the corporate world large MVC frameworks became the rave that suddenly became the thing developers could not live without. I learned to live without them and continued programming on my own refining and extending my little open source application. I was easily able to apply the architectural concepts I taught myself in place of large generic MVC frameworks to produce code that is significantly smaller and generally executes much faster. Late into my third deployment I overheard a conversation about the origins of Best Buy. The key guy, Richard Schulze, never went to industry trade conventions or focused on common industry practices for doing business of his new "Best Buy" store model. He had found the concept by accident and refined it over time into a more retail without commission concept that allowed his stores to out sell the competition. This was a process of refinement and reward over time by practice and experimentation. The concept was successful because it discard the social process of industry peers! The social process is a means of validation. It lets you know how you fare against the median population you are competing against. If your goal is to be average the social process is your guide. If you want to be more than that you have to be willing to step back from what is popular. > That you are developing software for web browsers and are still able to maintain the notion that your innovations exist in a vacuum is flabbergasting. Who invented the software language you use or designed the earliest forms of hardware you use or discovered the electron? The fact that you type on a keyboard and yet consider your imagination innovative is flabbergasting. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reductio_ad_absurdum > My point is that if you had been able to communicate and collaborate with other developers and had a good idea of what problems were already solved and what problems needed to be solved, you might have turned that ingenuity into useful innovation rather than new wheels. My point is that if you ask nearly any web or JavaScript developer everything new is always "a reinvented wheel". I do mean always. Most of these guys need a popular framework just to turn on their monitors and even when you take the framework away they generally consider any code written still some kind of a framework. This isn't a technology problem it is a social problem of bad developers striving for normalcy when everything they see is "invented here" syndrome. The fastest way to solve for that problem is to separate yourself from trends and socially acceptable approaches. You have to keep those opinions to yourself though, because it shines a spotlight on peoples' insecurities. I have spent nearly the entirety of my career learning this the hard way. Most developers don't want to be expert rockstars. They want to be employable. Urban centers are where you go to increase your chances of employment. You can innovate from anywhere. > You might be brilliant at what you do, but let's be real about it. Educational resources aren't a social reference group. They don't provide feedback. That's as real as I can make it. People move to big cities for employment, not because they want to be innovative scientists. You can innovate from anywhere. > So this is about web or Javascript developers That is merely my experience perspective. The ideal conditions for innovation are the problems you are willing to solve for. > How do you go about deliberately separating yourself from trends and socially acceptable approaches... You solve for valid problems that you encounter (or are brought to you) opposed to dreaming up imaginary problems to solve for. This is the kind of madness that YCombinator says to never do: invent a business problem merely to start a business. Trends are not problems you encounter. They are reactionary marketplace hysteria. > Maybe look for a different job? I enjoy writing software. I am not going to give this up because there are a lot of insecure developers who frequently whine and cry, as frustrating as that is. > The question is whether innovation is at least partly a social process. The question was whether movement to cities is important because innovation is a social process. I am merely suggesting that innovation is better when not dictated by social processes therefore the whole conversation about cities is completely orthogonal. People move to cities for employment, not for innovation. > tens of millions of Americans absolutely love President Trump. People voted for Trump, but that is hardly an indication of love. Consider that this prior election was between two of the most despised (and possibly incompetent) candidates in US presidential history. If you don't want to repeat this fiasco stop supporting a divisive two party system. Yes, it was the internal mechanics of each party that picked candidates from the primaries opposed to actual voters. This has been proven with evidence for the Democrats and is likely true for the Republicans as well. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_interference_in_the_20... There is enough evidence to substantiate beyond a reasonable doubt that Russia deliberately interfered with the 2016 presidential election. It is hard to determine the degree with which that interference influenced voters. Is this age and sex bias a silicon valley problem? I am nearly 40 and most of the developers I have worked with in the past 10+ years have always been older than me (aside from college new hires). They have also been 20-40% female. I have spent this time working in the Westlake, Irving, Plano technology corridor of north DFW. I would like to hear what kind of demographics people encounter by geographic location. I always hear about age and sex bias online, but I simply don't see it in my area. Commentary on Zuckerberg's dominant body language: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5F9JfZDJKCQ This likely explains many of his motives. California is bleeding something like 60,000 residents to Texas each year. That sounds like a big number. https://qz.com/1189388/conservative-californians-are-moving-... I use YouTube for background music while I program, but fortunately my wide variety of instrumental music choices are not inundated with ads. To me this indicates they are putting their muscle behind a certain flavor of content representative of specific demographics inclined to spend money. If YouTube tried to muscle me in this way I would just use Amazon Music instead. I detest ads enough that I would alter my preferences, behavior, and content choices to remain ad free. To those of you who are subscribing to YouTube or watching copious amounts of ads thank you for indirectly funding my entertainment. It will be a minor blip. Most users are utterly addicted and don't value their privacy over their convenience despite what they say. I deleted my account in 2010 and there was absolutely no change in my daily behavior, but then I wasn't a chronic addict either. Honestly, if users haven't figure out by now that their privacy is utterly void when they use Facebook they absolutely don't care. I have a phone for that. > Two, what the heck does "knowingly facilitate" mean? In law it is not about what you know, but about what you can prove. A person's belief system or fantastic truths are not evidence of a crime. In your GMail example you have a reasonable faith that people may use the service to engage in communications in facilitation of a criminal enterprise. Your faith is irrelevant. You must have the email communications in hand along with a valid search warrant. That isn't what most people are losing their minds over. People are losing their damn minds, according to wonderfully mature comments on the earlier news article at ArsTechnica, on two points: 1. This law is hostile to any legally valid sex business. 2. This law holds web site owners responsible for the content that appears on their site. My opinion on those two: 1. Sex businesses whether legal or not are generally considered a social vice much like alcohol and tobacco. There are all manners of legal restrictions upon commercial communications generally, and particularly for services and products that are considered vices. They are heavily restricted in where they can advertise and any media that violates such laws can be held responsible. This has been a thing for decades, so it is only fitting that it should apply to sex businesses which are slowly creeping towards wider legalization. 2. Web publishers get all kinds of legal passes that publishers in other mediums don't get under the guise of third-party attribution. Web site owners should be liable for the content that appears on their site. This has been true somewhat from a civil perspective ever since Viacom slapped the shit out of YouTube in a multi-billion dollar law suit[1], but it hasn't been criminally true. This law cracks open the door for potential criminal violations, is panic for businesses that publish user contributions in order to monetize third-party advertising. Speaking about web-site owners being held liable for the content on their site this reminds me of SOPA[2]. I know this made a lot of people cry (with really big tears), but is far more upsetting to social media companies. It isn't because of potential free speech restrictions or unnecessary regulation. It upset social media business, because it would have crushed their business model. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viacom_International_Inc._v._Y... . [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stop_Online_Piracy_Act > All that behavior will do is paint you as naive. Then you aren't doing it right. There is something exceedingly shocking about a brutal bluntness. Master this and you will forever change your perspective on job interviews, relationships, marriage, and leadership. You will know when you really nail it because people will begin to describe you as articulate or eloquent. Honesty is highly valued, which is counter-intuitive to perceptions of the corporate work culture where kindness is the most highly valued interpersonal quality. How can you be brutally honest if honesty often hurts peoples' feelings? Be confident and frame your remarks with a dose of empathy. People don't like having their feelings trampled upon, but they generally prefer that to little white lies. > but only when used appropriately (strategically). Epic fail. Always be honest and direct with people. If there is some policy preventing the most direct and appropriate answer then don't respond at all. People are generally good at discerning when you are tap-dancing or spinning your wheels (cowardly bullshit). > but I NEED my paycheck more than Once you have allowed your ethics to be compromised the blood is in the water. This is a natural stress that other people will detect as a deception and a weakness. You are compromised and available for manipulation. You are a puppet. If a job makes me feel that insecure, like the last one, I will leave and go work somewhere else. They should stop enforcing laws about driving while intoxicating. It really cramps the style of some people I know. They should also stop regulating messaging and advertising on pharmaceuticals, because freedom of speech.... right? I get that you complaining about encroachment upon libertarian ideals, but sometimes the complaints are just extreme baseless absurdities. Maybe I am just having trouble empathizing since I don't go online shopping for sexual encounters. I remember hearing this when I was at Travelocity. "uggghhh, they are being a bottleneck". The easiest solution to this is to vocalize and advocate for best practices. If doing that crushes a project timeline then make the product owner or project manager accountable for defying product quality in email. The old "I want that in writing". If the product is crap in production everybody will be harmed, but at least you might have a get out of jail card. When I have pulled this in the past it serves as a forcing function for decision makers to revisit their poorly conceived decisions. For some reason it is so much easier to make bad decisions and order the consequences of such across an organization than it is to simply own it. > friends lists, photos, address book, messaging, groups. Sound astonishingly similar to my phone. My archive was ready faster than I could log into my webmail and the massive 12kb archive downloaded in less than a second on the hotel internet. Google isn't limiting the data flowing through your router. They are limiting content they are willing to store on their servers. Those two are worlds apart and Google can do whatever they choose within the boundaries defined by their terms of service. Weird... I always thought Google was inescapable, but I cannot get a single data point to display on that tracking map. I should note I am currently (and frequently) signed into Google and Google maps normally seems to know where home is. There is nothing to suggest dark UX patterns were at play here. People simply gave Facebook access to everything because it was fashionable and convenient. People simply do not care about their privacy if its in conflict with convenience. It has been common knowledge for years that Facebook will directly use that data against you and still people, completely aware of this, didn't care. The only thing that made people care about their loss of privacy was a change in fashion. A new trend. Somehow, now, it is suddenly bad where before it wasn't. I simply cannot find the words to blame Facebook for this. It is an easily testable premise. Ask anybody if they have deleted their Facebook account. If they are hesitating they probably won't. > However, what about last week's scandal with Cambridge Analytica? This isn't news to me. Any data submitted by a user to Facebook is forever surrendered to Facebook who then owns it. Facebook can do whatever they want with their property. The only surprise there is that users so happily agree to this madness only to be shocked by the result. What did they think was going to happen? Still, I don't blame Facebook for this. It reminds me how people (Twitter addicts) were shocked at this website 10 years ago: http://pleaserobme.com/ Technically that is correct, but I don't really agree in reality. Most users lack the discipline to simply walk away from a still available account when Facebook is a savage drug addiction for so many people. I downloaded my Facebook archive this weekend and it was a massive 12kb. I know entirely what it means to have a living account and not feed the beast, but I am also the rarest exception that disproves the norm. Deleting a Facebook account means the drug addict cannot relapse. The difference there is that malware actually is a dark pattern and operates without your permission. Facebook is not a dark pattern and is nothing if you do not willingly surrender your data to their legal ownership. Join the Army Reserves. Facebook doesn't have to anything you didn't deliberately agree to surrender. That isn't very sketchy. So many excuses. The story "Of course I agreed, but its all their fault because I didn't know what I agreed to" gets old. Everybody has known for years that Facebook uses this data against you to make money. If it didn't upset you before why would it suddenly upset you now? Its not dark UX merely because you don't like it. Dark UX suggests a control designed to trick you into making a decision you would deliberate otherwise not make. I looked at their opt-in control and it is very clear that you have to opt-in. In other words, if you didn't want Facebook to have all your call and SMS data then why would you deliberately agree to give it to Facebook with their very obvious consent form? > Maybe in your circle What if the audience in question is limited to people reading Hacker News? Do they have an excuse for the sudden change of heart? The Vanity Fair article about this featured a screenshot if you scroll down a little bit: https://techcrunch.com/2018/03/25/facebook-denies-it-collect... I second the military route. Starting out it will be substantially less pay than a developer job in the civilian world, but it is a valid path of redemption. Contrary to popular belief a prior felony, depending upon what it is, won't necessarily stop you from even getting a top secret clearance. Join the military under any form of "signal" branch MOS. All enlisted signal jobs require a secret security clearance and you might be able to get that directly depending upon what you were convicted of. Once you have been in for a bit and become an NCO you have some internal credibility to possibly transition to military intelligence or become a signal warrant officer of which both require a top secret clearance. The trick to passing a security check in the military is disclosure. Be up front about your prior legal troubles with the investigating authority and don't hide anything. This is typically a recipe for immediate failure in the civilian world, but the military has greater resources to further investigate these issues and make more thorough determinations. Once you hold a TS/SCI for a couple of years you can put that on a resume when you are ready to reenter the civilian corporate world. When people see active "Top Secret / Secure Compartmentalized Information" clearance on a resume they immediately think trustworthy despite that a background check will ultimately identify your prior felony. You are vetted, at great expense, by an external federal agency. I think this case will be an exception. Walmart values its pharmaceutical business as a transactional commodity, like much of the rest of its business. That said the primary concern is increasing quantity of transactions opposed to rate of return. They are willing to lose money in the short term on price depreciating generic drug offerings provided that people will continue to consume those drugs well into the future. This is part of the solution to a problem of over-night skyrocketing drug prices from unethical drug companies. If that such model can be effectively applied to low-cost health insurance for low-income people then the country is much better for it. I think that's irrelevant, because people generally don't care. If nobody cares the media won't report on it. The difference this time is that the word "Facebook" now has a causal relationship to the effectual word "Trump". This isn't panic about privacy. People still don't care and will continue using Facebook like nothing happened. This is about what happens with the data that people donate to Facebook. What Facebook does with it. Now people are suddenly worried or offended about the use of the data they completely surrendered. Of course this isn't going to stop people from continuing to surrender that data. They are just sad and powerless. This sort of behavior is called addiction, but people are very far from admitting they have a problem. It is so much more convenient to simply blame something else. That argument works in reverse too. People who avoid Facebook aren't necessarily motivated by privacy. > Clearly people care Some people claim to care. There is a difference between words and actions. Privacy isn't something that can be gifted. It is only something that can be given away. If people really did care they wouldn't give it away so freely. The decisions people make determines their actual level of care. What non-technical users minimally understand is these three steps: 1. They submit data to Facebook and identify relationships 2. Magic 3. Facebook makes lots of money If that is the case my personal position is to happily void my privacy and submit data to Facebook if they paid me for it. I don't see any reason for me to volunteer my personal data away for free when there exists some commercial value for it. If Facebook were a non-profit organization void of advertising then I would likely think about this much differently. This is also why I believe many users supposedly claim to care but really don't, because they are so quick to give their data away for free . There is no prerequisite understanding of technology or privacy to fully grasp this concept. Most times I see Descartes quoted it is with the paraphrase: "I think therefore I am" which is a really poor abstraction of his 6 Meditations. I really wish the media would distinctly separate media companies from technology companies. Facebook is not a technology company. They are a media company. They make money from eyeballs on advertising no differently than CNN or FoxNews. Google claims to be a diverse technology company but they make almost all their money, despite their various products and investments, from data micro auctions that populate paid listings and advertising on their search engine. Amazon is a general retail company. In this vain almost every company in business is a technology company. Almost every company has software developers and writes software products. I work at a bank as a software developer to further the business of the bank. Wisely, my employer clearly claims to be a bank and not a technology company. Examples of technology companies are companies that sell technology as their end product like NVIDIA, Intel, AMD, Apple, Micron, and so forth. I will rephrase then. Is Facebook primarily a technology company or a media company? Clearly there is a big disconnect here. It seems somebody is suggesting there should be a correlation between a user removing content from their account and Facebook destroying some of Facebook property. Anything submitted to Facebook is the property of Facebook. Users have no business telling Facebook to destroy Facebook property.