> Prop 13 ensures that property values -and thus the taxes > due on that property- are only reassessed when a property > changes hands. If you've held on to a property since Prop > 13's passage, your property taxes have not increased in > 37 years. This is an often-repeated myth, but that is not how prop 13 works. Property taxes do increase every year. What prop 13 does is that it sets the yearly increase to 2%. This makes the increases predictable so one can budget for it, but it certainly increases every year. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Proposition_13_%281... (I bought a house in 1997. During the dot.com boom, the market value far exceeded the assessed value. Later when housing crashed, the market value dipped below the assessed value. In the current boom market value has again gone above the assessed value. I expect in the next crash values may reverse again. So all prop 13 does is that it damps the increases to prevent wild swings year to year.) > are only adjusted upon sale of the property While often repeated, that is incorrect. In reality property tax goes up 2% every year under prop 13. Property tax in California is at least 1% (typically a bit higher due to various local fees, but let's say 1% for this example). That means if she bought the property 20 years ago for $150K, the property tax in year one was 1% of 150K, or $1500. Under Prop 13 property taxes go up 2% ever year (compounded). So after 20 years that property tax would be up to roughly $2400. When he grows it'll be very difficult to learn, now is the time when a child can learn many languages very easily. Take the opportunity now! I speak to our toddler in a language my wife doesn't (Finnish) and she speaks to him in a language I don't understand (French). He is fully fluent in both, in addition to English (from daycare/friends). It varies. Sometime saying twice, but most often he (son) will do the translating for us which is great practice. But we also have another shared language we can use (which our son also mostly understands). The tax is not based on the current value nor on the value 30 years ago. It is based on a value which goes up 2% every year. The taxes go up every year but in a predictable way, it is damping function on the wild swings of the bubble/crash/repeat housing market. So it is very easy to see how prop 13 was passed. The real estate tax is one the major yearly budget items for most families. Having it vary wildly and unpredictably year to year is not something most families [who don't earn tech bubble salaries] can handle. The razr still works fine (on tmobile). I still use mine, purchased in 2005, no issues. Battery life isn't great and it's hard to find a replacement battery that works, but it still gets me through the day. I wouldn't necessarily mind upgrading, but the razor is less than 4"x2" and there is nothing else like it available. I have no interest in a larger bulkier phone. > We need software with super long term support release that just get bug fixed for ~20 years. So much this. You can have it though, by sticking with stable open source that no PM looking to make a mark can redesign every year. I've been using mutt for email since the mid 90s, no unnecessary interface changes. In 1997 I set up my very non-technical mother (now almost 90) with a very simple system built around FVWM (very customized configuration), mutt (again customized for simplicity) and emacs (for email editing, custom keybindings). To this day she uses the exact same setup every day. Nothing has changed and nothing can change, so nothing new to confuse her. Assuming you control both sides, which sounds like you do, just run it on a different port in addition to 25. MA allows non-compete restrictions on employees which severely stifles the startup economy. Silicon Valley is what it is largely in thanks to the continuous cross-pollination of talent which is possible due to the lack of non-compete issues. However, just like like whiteboard coding is completely unrelated to real-world coding, this type of whiteboard design is also completely unrelated to the real-world whiteboard design people do in non-interview settings. How many times has a scenario like this happened to anyone: Your manager pulls you in with no warning into a conference room and asks you to architect on the whiteboard a new product completely unrelated to anything the company does or has done so far. And you get 45 minutes to get it correct or you're fired. Right.. never. That's the scenario interview whiteboarding is testing for and it has no real world relevance at all. In an actual job even the most impromptu whiteboarding sessions are related to product context already in your head. And most sessions are scheduled in advance so get to do research and prep work. When I worked as an independent consultant I'd get clients who needed fast turnaround on designing new feature architecture to a product I had not seen before, which is the closest analogy to the interview whiteboard design that I've experienced. Even then, it's completely different. I'll first spend a couple hours with someone senior who can fill me in on all the relevant context. The dynamic is different because they need my help and are paying for it so they are highly motivated to give me all the context I need to help them. Only after that we go to the step where I whiteboard a few proposals and then we collaboratively decide which way to go. I'm quite good at this. Interview whiteboard design is a different skill entirely, one which I don't believe has any relevance to job performance. Might be a good way to hire improv theater actors, but not engineers. Having to go from zero to solution in 45 minutes or less is not how it works in the real world. And doing so while being nitpicked by an interviewer more interested in showing off doesn't help. Instead of collaborating, the interviewer is there to grudgingly drop the occasional hint and then count it against you. Yes, exactly! I've been in the tech (software) industry over 25 years now, nearly all of those years here in Silicon Valley. Worked in everything from 3 person startups to the largest of enterprises. I feel good about saying I've never made a bad hire (meaning: I've never come to regret saying "hire", everyone I have given the thumbs up after an interview has turned out to be a fine contributor). I don't ask candidates to code, I don't ask them to come up with whiteboard architectures out of the blue or any of these silly artificial techniques that don't measure anything relevant. Here's what I do: I carefully read their resume. I have a conversation about the projects they have worked on. I encourage them to talk about what jobs/projects/tasks they liked and disliked and why. What they found easy vs. hard and why. And what they want to work on next and why. That's it. Works extremely well. I wish everyone would try it. You'll find it is very easy to pick out those who padded their resume. You can't actually have a meaningful conversation about what you loved and hated about working on foo if you didn't do it. Indeed. I would easily take at least a $25K pay cut in exchange for a private office where I can actually get work done. Maybe more. Very important lesson that we as an industry need to learn better. > (low property taxes AND they never increase) Under Prop 13, property taxes go up 2% every year. Sure, that doesn't quite keep up with appreciation in boom years, but not the same as "never increase". > Around me in SF an entry level home at $1M would have a tax bill of $10,000. But it’s locked forever. Property tax in CA goes up 2% every year. So, year 0: $10,000 year 1: $10,200 year 2: $10,404 And so on... maybe it doesn't go up as fast as you'd like (until you own a place) but it is by no means locked in. mutt Nothing better! About a year ago a recruiter from a NYC company called me about a role which sounded interesting. Then they said the initial part of the interview was to write a project for them, which essentially amounted to "rewrite memcached in go". I must assume they were looking for free labor under the guise of an interview. I strongly suspect there was no job. I offered to do the work for $200/hr, never heard back. Actually, I did hear back over six months later when the same recruiter contacted me again with the same story. I reminded him that we already talked about this long before. Never do work for free under the excuse of an interview. How long would you like to be able to access this content? If it is for the long haul, plain text is the only way to go (org-mode, etc). Any proprietary commercial solution will fade away in a handful of years. At best, you might be able to extract the content before they shut down but structure and metadata may be lost. Open source self-hosted solutions will last much longer but even in that case it might get to a point the source has been abandoned so long that it becomes difficult to keep going. Only plain text will survive. I have plenty of notes in a more or less organized directory tree, dating back to the late 80s. I find it interesting that experiences in the same area can be so vastly different. I live in the bay area (Silicon Valley, not San Francisco, maybe that is the difference?), been commuting 60-70 miles a day here for 22 years and I have seen a car run a red light exactly once. I remember the time clearly because it was such an outlier, something that essentially never happens. From the 80s I miss the variety of computer systems at the consumer level. Apple ][, C64, Tandy Model 3/4 and the CoCo, OS/9 and more. When it became clear everything would converge to x86, that made me sad. The world is just that much more boring without variety. I miss programming in assembly. Slapping together frameworks with some sample code from Stack Overflow just doesn't provide the same mental satisfaction. I miss interviewing in the 90s. No white board algorithm puzzles or such nonsense. Just a conversation to see if your interests matched the role and you're hired. (I guess I don't miss the low salaries which were on par with any office workers in non-tech fields, nothing like today. But the good side was that everyone was in tech for the sheer love of it, not to make a buck.) But what I truly miss (nostalgia aside) is when Silicon Valley used to be about technology. The big names in Silicon Valley were all actual technology companies: Sun, SGI, HP (the good original HP, not the ink maker). The product was the technology and the culture reflected that. Engineers were in charge and the goal was to make better technology. Today the product is advertising and the goal is just to drive more eyeballs. Engineers have become commoditized and micromanaged (agile) by PMs who are driven by advertising goals. (PMs as we know them today did not exist.) Except for Apple, none of the big names today (FAANG) are tech companies anymore. Agreed. The best way to interview is to simply have a joint discussion about their past projects (from resume). There is no value in whiteboard puzzles. It is easy to gauge who is competent and who didn't do or didn't understand the work they claim on the resume. In over 25 years of interviewing candidates, this approach has never failed me. I've never asked for whiteboard coding. Whiteboarding architectural concepts, sure. The only caveat is the interviewer needs to have substantial experience in the same field to spot the wheat from the chaff in a casual conversation. If the interviewer is very junior, I can see how this might not work. Solution: don't have your most junior people run the interviews. A very good solution here is ZFS. Office file server runs ZFS and makes regular ZFS snapshots (hourly, or more often). Snapshots are immutable so even if the employee machines get infected, nothing can be lost (except the last N minutes since the last snapshot). Obviously, still have to do backups (off of those snapshots). Not from the machines which typically get infected, which are the employee desktops accessing the file server. If the malware manages to get itself running on the file server itself (and with root privileges), then sure. That's not a common case though. One would hope so, that was 15 years ago. But Niagara was supremely cool back then. I still have a T1000 on a rack at home (not that I use it anymore). The price per sq.ft. will never approach the average in any important city. https://www.visualcapitalist.com/interactive-map-price-per-s... This race to the bottom, as parent poster said, is from a generation of developers hyper-specializing in interview-style problems. These problems are tiny and self-contained and have a slick solution which can be regurgitated onto a whiteboard in about 30 minutes give or take. While that is not a negative skill to have, it is also not a skill that I'd list anywhere in the Top-25 of most valuable skills for productive developers. I can tell you how I do it and would certainly recommend it as the way it should be done. For some context, I've been interviewing software engineers for about 25 years in companies ranging from established multi-nationals to tiny startups in very fast headcount-growth mode. I'm in silicon valley. I can say that I've never regretted a hire I said yes to, so the method works to my satisfaction. It'd be nice to think I have some special skill here but I really don't. This is just how interviewing was done in the 90s. To some of the younger generations, I've been told it sounds crazy. If you send me your resume I'll actually read it, carefully. If the person described in this resume fits the background experience the role needs, you get an interview. During the interview we'll talk about all those projects you worked on that are relevant to this role. Which parts you enjoyed the best and why? Which parts were boring and why? Which parts were the most challenging and why? What you find too easy and why? What would you have done differently? Could you have? If you were to do the same project all over how would you approach it? Other open ended conversations along these lines. I don't ask anyone to whiteboard code, that's not part of the job so it's not part of the interview. No puzzles, no trivia-pursuit style questions. It works great. You can't BS your way through such a conversation with a senior technical peer if you didn't actually do the work described in the resume. You just can't. It is, however, vital that the interviewer must be a expert in the field. If we're talking about the same kind of thing, I don't consider those to be skills. For example I've seen resumes which list every javascript library they've ever used. Or every UNIX command they know how to run or similar minutia. This tells me the person doesn't know the difference between skills and implementation details, so I don't need to proceed to an interview. After hurricane Maria in September 2017 the entire island of Puerto Rico was without power. There was nowhere you could drive out of the blackout area since it was everywhere. A few luckier people got power back in one to two weeks, a small minority. My family in the greater metro area of San Juan got power back after two months. Friends in smaller cities only got power after three to five months. There are communities in the mountains which still don't have power today, almost two years later. If you haven't lived through anything like this, it is a useful mental exercise to think how you'd prepare for it. There is so much, but difficult to find any one link to summarize.. After a bit of searching found this page which is a similar blog-style page except has snippets from many different people. In Spanish. https://www.refinery29.com/en-us/2018/09/209947/huracan-mari... For English language coverage, search for videos by David Begnaud of CBS News who was on site and provided excellent reporting. Startup activity did in fact not emerge in SF. Silicon Valley was traditionally the Santa Clara valley area (roughly, San Jose/Los Gatos to Palo Alto/Menlo Park). There were no tech jobs in SF (outliers aside, of course), it was a hippy city an hour north of Silicon Valley. It it only during the present decade that startup activity has appeared in force in SF, away from Silicon Valley. Due largely (I believe) to the tax breaks SF created in 2011 to encourage that. Email infrastructure is very important for an open and interoperable Internet, way too important for us (techies) to abdicate it to gmail. That alone is a good motivator to run your own email services. Of course, there are other benefits. "It's way too hard" is a HN meme I've noticed regularly. It's really not, if you have any tech skills or the willingness to learn. I set up my email server in two days between jobs in 2011 and it's been running with minimal attention ever since. I don't have precise numbers, but to try to give some context I'd say about 2-4 hours a year worth of maintenance. Over the years I've expanded it to handle a few more domains (consulting companies for self and family members). No issues. To anyone even slightly interested or curious in the technology, just do it. You'll gain some freedom, gain some experience and help (even if just a grain of sand) decentralize the Internet. Don't fear the naysayers. Because it is hurting the would-be renter group even more? I personally know two people who are renting rent-controlled apartments in SF and don't live in them. Their lives have moved elsewhere and they don't need the place anymore. One uses it as a weekend getaway and the other one visits rarely. Thanks to rent control their rent is so cheap that it's worth hanging on to it even though they don't live there. So these two units are off the rental market effectively forever, sitting empty most of the time. > it is ridiculously profitable to rent out your property right now I'd be curious if you can share specific numbers on where this is true? Where in CA can I buy a house/apt and rent it out for more than the mortgage+insurance+taxes+maintenance? A link to the MLS listing would be appreciated. Every now and then I look at housing costs vs. rental income to consider buying some investment property. But the numbers never work out, I'd always end up loosing money to rent it out. > (That's ignoring the cost of paying your electric bill, not sure if that changes the math much..) If we ignore the cost of gas, it'll also change the math... Needless to say, need to include all costs for a fair comparison. A few years ago when my wife had a Fiat 500e and I was commuting on a 1988 Honda CRX (~40 mpg). The energy cost was higher for the Fiat than the Honda at the time. (Electricity is very expensive in CA). Gas has gone up lately (but then, so has PG&E), I haven't run the numbers in recent years. Might be a wash now. Gas an electricity prices vary widely so do the math for your area, but don't ignore any costs. Once you're established a reputation in a company and been there for a while, it is relatively easy to go remote with them. It is always a temptation. The risk is what happens when that job is done and you find yourself in the boonies with no meaningful tech work within hundreds of miles? I was at Sun during the era when they made a big push to get people to give up their offices (save on real estate) and go remote, work from anywhere! It was so tempting to move to Hawaii and keep the silicon valley salary. I'm glad I didn't. I know many people who did. When Sun was over, they found themselves owning farmland in the middle of nowhere, no job and no possibility of getting one in the area. > I do not want to work for a company that does NOT test my technical skills; if they don't verify my skills that means they don't verify others and I'd prefer to work skilled engineers (with exceptions for entry-level or junior engineers). This statement is assuming that short coding challenges measure something relevant to job performance. If everyone agreed that is true, this debate would not exist. We'd all agree it is filtering for the correct skills, we'd all hire the right people. But the fact that it is such a perpetual debate is because a substantial percentage of developers disagree. I have certainly never seen any coding challenge (whether whiteboard or not) that has any relevance to the job. So as an interviewer I don't subject people to it. Precisely. It can't be done. This does assume that the interviewer is an expert in the area and can take that friendly conversation to the necessary depths. Step 1: Step away from Ruby. I loove ruby, it's my first choice for scripting wherever performance doesn't matter. No way around the fact that it very slow though. > California average is 16.06¢ Not sure how they come up with such a number, but California is large and has many electricity providers. But for PG&E in the Bay Area, let me quote from my PG&E electric bill here in hand: Daytime: $0.53476 (delivery) + $0.25069 (generation) = $0.785/kWh Part-peak: $0.28917 (delivery) + $0.10643 (generation) = $0.396/kWh Night: $0.13578 (delivery) + $0.03968 (generation) = $0.175/kWh The cheapest rate is 17.5 cents per kWh, that is late at night (currently after 11pm, soon to be changed to be after midnight). Daytime rate is 78.5 cents per kWh! This is PG&E in the Bay Area. Important context here is that there never was any storm. Shutting power as winds approach hurricane force is very sensible. Here (bay area) this week, the forecast was for winds in the 30mph range with gusts into the 40s. Windy yes, but hardly a storm. The kicker is the winds never arrived. PG&E shutdown was scheduled for noon Wednesday but there no wind at all. So they postponed it to 8pm. At 8pm, no wind either. No further news from PG&E. At 11pm they cut power. Still no wind (maybe gusting to 2mph). Overnight - no wind. Next morning - no wind. Nature really called them out here to highlight it was purely a political move. PG&E postponed the shutdown a few times waiting for the wind but when it never arrived they shut power down anyway. Agreed. I arrived at programming through math (B.S. in Mathematics) and have no love for FP. At the end of the day all software (except hobby projects) is mostly about maintaining it. FP adds unnecessary complexity, abstraction and obfuscations. None of those qualities help code maintenance. > The only way for a human being to be able to survive outside in air hotter than 35C is if the air is dry so it is possible to cool by sweat evaporating. Spend some time in the tropics to easily disprove that misconception. Having grown up in the caribbean where it is often more than 35C (95F) and quite humid, I'm still alive. (Also, never had air conditioning, couldn't afford it.) That's not a comparison of external cloud vs. self hosted though. It is a comparison of different operating models with respect to change control. Either one can exist in both external vs. self-hosted infrastructure. I've been in places where the engineering team plugs in an old PC under a desk somewhere, gives it a public IP address of there's the production server. That's the self-hosted equivalent of the engineering team having full AWS access and any change is a mouse click away. I've also experienced places where any change does take a week or two of approvals even though it is hosted on public cloud. There is a time and place for all approaches. What works best with a three person startup putting up a MVP is quite different from what is best in a very large corporation operating in a regulated environment. Did you file 83b election when exercising at market price? If yes, you already paid the taxes (which were $0). If not, there may be taxable income at vesting periods. Talk to tax professional. I'm certainly not one. Not OP, but also run my own email server, using postfix, since 2012. It is sad that there is such a widespread belief it is impossible to do unless you're google. Decentralization of basic internet services helps everyone, so if you're at all interested and willing to learn, go for it! There are plenty guides on setting up postfix. Follow them, cross reference a few, read the docs and use the various free email test sites to sanity check everything. If you've never done it before, expect to dedicate 2-3 days to this. Ongoing maintenance is approximately nothing. > smartphone-ify Not sure exactly what you meant, but that sounds terrible. On my Nikon DSLR I can adjust just about any setting using physical buttons, very fast, most often without even taking my eye off the viewfinder. The camera UX is optimized for speed and efficiency. On a phone, I'd be scrolling through touch screen menus to do anything. By the time a shot is taken the subject is long gone (unless it's static scenery). Let's Encrypt makes this easy to automate and get notified of any problems on renewal. Agreed, too much monoculture is harmful. Although I've been using Linux since the beginning ('92), I'm installing more BSDs these days because quality is declining in the Linux world (as you well coughed). Small historical timeline correction though: > Things like ZFS, Zones, DTrace, SMF, and Crossbow were locked up inside Sun Solaris for many years Solaris 10 (which contained the bulk of these) came out in 2005 and Open Solaris open sourced the code also in 2005. The timeline is more complex because not everything came in Solaris 10 at once and not everything open sourced at once... but at a high level, most of these technologies were open sourced relatively soon after initial release. (I was at Sun back then and involved with Open Solaris effort.) > We all swapped instantly. Certainly not "all". When chrome came out I tried it a few times over the years, but it had no observable advantage and was (and is) less configurable than firefox so it's clearly inferior on that front. I never switched. I was well aware of the hype around it being faster, but was never able to observe any evidence in my usage/systems. And it was produced by an advertising company so that was always a huge minus. There is no one secret you can google. There is also no need to perpetuate the fear of running your own email. Decentralization of core internet services helps us all, not just the person doing it. So to anyone seriously interested and willing to learn, I highly recommend running your own email servers. If you expect 100% delivery rate, you won't necessarily get that, no matter who is running your email infrastructure. At multiple companies, I've seen email end up in spam even though it is sent from gmail-hosted company account to gmail-hosted company account. So that's the bar you want to meet or beat and beating it is not hard. From ~7 years experience now, I don't observe any problems with email delivery. I don't do anything special. I use postfix, it is well configured and everything works fine. I host several personal domains and a couple small business domains. And by doing so I avoid giving google the power to cut me off from email because some arbitrary ML gone bad. > your free off-the-shelf virus and spam filters suck compared to the big companies seeing billions of messages per day gmail spam filtering is quite bad, in both directions. Legit email goes to spam (even when sent from gmail itself) and spam does get through. The basic open source tools are actually very, very good at it. I get about 0-2 spams a month, everything else is caught by either my postfix configuration or by spamprobe. And I never get legit email in my spam spool. This is a much better success rate than what I observe at my gmail account. When you say San Francisco do you literally mean the city of San Francisco, or the bay area in general? San Francisco is cold and foggy. A day warmer than 65F and brightly sunny is the exception. Also, hardware companies are generally not in San Francisco. Silicon Valley proper (about an hour south of San Francisco) is generally sunny and often warmer than 65F, so can work for you. Still chilly in the winter though. I use an older Sharx camera (I hope the newer ones still have the same features). It supports all the usual cloud and remote access junk, but fortunately none of it is necessary for operation. It does motion detection internally and only records when something happens in the frame. Most importantly, it support ftp uploading these event recordings to a configurable server. I put it on a physically separate network which has nearly nothing else and certainly no internet connectivity in any direction (I see the camera attempting to contact google DNS every now and then). I would never trust any of these cameras, regardless of manufacturer, with internet access no matter how limited. The only other thing on that network is a box which exposes only ftp, so the camera uploads activity to it. Optionally, from a physically separate network you can then pull the videos to some other host which has internet access and upload them elsewhere for remote safekeeping. But yes, it is sad that one needs to know how to set this up just to preserve basic privacy. That's why I stick with the squeezebox ecosystem. Open source server which runs locally. The hardware is long since discontinued (but plentiful and easily available on craigslist etc) and it can never be obsoleted as everything runs locally. That seems like an unfair characterization. The squeezebox ecosystem is my go-to example of how to do it correctly and build a product that respects the consumer. The server is open source (just a bunch of perl) and freely distributed. It runs locally and the players don't need internet connectivity. It can never be obsoleted or killed because everything is local. Sure, the company has long, long-since discontinued the product so they aren't developing updates. That's fair. But they also don't (and can't) do anything to disable existing functionality. I have many squeezebox systems (including a transporter) scattered around the house and they work great, just as they did in 2003 when I bought the first one. More importantly, they will never stop working (other than hardware failure, but I have many spares). My mother, over 90, uses the exact same arrangement which I set up in the mid 90s. Linux, mutt, emacs, fvwm customized to be very simple. Whenever hardware stops working I just need to transfer the setup to a new machine and everything remains identical. It would've been impossible to do this with commercial software as basically nothing has a 25+ year old support life. Because everything is open source, nothing needs to change. > Whether that's true or not, it would be a tough sell to implement a "just use your gut" style hiring process at a major company in 2020. Depends what you mean by "use your gut" but that's not my experience. Currently at a well known public tech company in silicon valley and there isn't any standardized interview process. Every interviewer is free to approach it as they wish and the hiring manager gets to listen to all input and decide. This is a strength. Perhaps (very likely) as a result, this company is also rated highly in diversity. A standardized interview process will inevitably lead to a standardized employee pool, as only the candidates who fit the very narrow profile (willing to memorize endless algorithms they will never need or use in real life) can get in. I should add that my current employer is not, in my experience, unusual. In my ~25 years in the valley, it's how it's always been. I have not worked (and never want to) for the companies which value conformity in hiring above all else (infamously, google). > What would you propose as an alternative? Easy. Just talk to people as would-be peers. They want to find a role they can succeed in. You want to find someone who can succeed in the role. I interview by just talking about their past projects (based on resume). You can't fake your way through a friendly technical dialogue if you haven't done it. (Pre-requisite: the interviewer must be technically competent. This is where many companies miss. Algorithm puzzles won't make up for it.) Also it is important to describe the role and expectations in detail. Nobody (really: nobody) wants to get hired in a role just to be let go in six months. There is no need for elaborate whiteboard algorithm dances which discriminate against everyone who doesn't have the time to memorize every possible question. Just be up front about the requirements and let the candidate decide if it's a match. They know themselves better than you ever will. Here's a ~5ft wide house in Old San Juan, Puerto Rico https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/la-casa-estrecha Preparation and panic are not the same. Do not expect to rely on conveniences like deliveries, they are merely conveniences and can stop. It is very possible to run out access to necessities. I don't believe food itself will be in any significant shortage, but you might not get to it. If you fall sick, you'll need to self-isolate and not leave the house for several weeks. So you need to be ready to do so. Even if you remain healthy, access to supermarkets may have restrictions (see Italy today). While you can get food, you might need to line up for a few hours, increasing your exposure. Best to have a few weeks of food at home for when your area is in this stage. The alternative to preparation is to wait until you need to panic. Not recommended. Most places also deliver, useful particularly now. I needed some office supplies recently and amazon was showing delivery more than a month away. I tried office max and they had it in stock for free overnight delivery. That's a very good summary. Discerning what truly matters is really the mark of experience. And you're right, algorithm memorization doesn't fit in the top-50 of what matters for a software engineer. I went to CMU, enjoyed algorithms classes a lot. In the nearly 30-year career since, I've used that knowledge... never. Not once. It's not about the interview bar being too high. It should be high, mine is. But interviews based on algorithm memorization have the bar in the wrong place, measuring something that has no real-world relevance. Open offices and the extreme micromanagement known as "agile". Both are so toxic to mental health that I had to move away. I haven't really left the industry itself but I've moved away from a pure engineering role (which is my true passion) to a more specialized role which is ok but not as enjoyable. But, I don't have to deal with open offices nor agile, so it's a win. The other aspect that makes me sad is that what we call tech companies today, aren't. Their product isn't tech. Netflix is an entertainment company. Google and FB are advertising companies. And so on. Very few actual tech companies in SV today. I did independent consulting for a while and currently back with a larger company in a roving architect/advisor role so it is similar to consulting. It is nice in that I get to work with all the engineering teams but I greatly miss owning a product and doing hands-on development. > The odd thing about Emacs is that its vastly superior customizability (or malleabilty as the article says) tend to be a trap, for one can spend hours, and days, getting lost in its huge universe and falling into rabbit hole after rabbit hole instead of actually getting stuff done, but I've not yet decided if that's a bad thing or a good one. Investing in tools is generally good ROI, but investing in tools that stand the test of time and won't go away is the best ROI. Yes, I've probably spent a cumulative few weeks customizing emacs. But I've been using it since 1991 and expect to continue using it for the rest of my life. That's as good as it gets for a tool. When I'm forced to use some tool du jour I don't bother spending much any time customizing it because I know it is a passing fad, soon to fade. So why bother. But timeless tools are worth the love. I consider that the concept of hardware RAID became obsolete around 2004 when I switched to zfs. > I miss Sun. They were fun. I miss Sun so much. It was the glory days of Silicon Valley. I wish there was an employer as awesome as Sun around these days. Not at all. The 1918 pandemic was very similar; stay at home, no gatherings, wear masks in public. Some of the articles from then read as if they were written last week. Reading the history about the second and third wave into 1919 as a result of reopening and then re-closing business also makes for interesting and educative reading, recommended. The workflow is just different. With a DSLR the common path is to shoot RAW and do all the processing with software on your computer (Photoshop, DxO, etc). There isn't much of a point in having the camera itself try to do the processing as it'll never be able to outcompete the capabilities (both hardware and software-wise) possible in the desktop software. > I think many companies through the hiring process completely lose sight of what they are actually looking for. Absolutely. There was a topic here about a week ago where one commenter in particular personified this line of thought (sorry I don't have a link to the comment). Paraphrasing, they said that if they very to interview someone they're already working with and know to be a very strong contributor, they'd still subject that person to the technical monkey dance, as you put it, and if they "fail" then they wouldn't be hired. It blew my mind that anyone can think that way. Clearly the interview hazing culture has become so entrenched that the game of the interview has grown to be an entity to itself. We seem to have forgotten the actual goal is to hire good people. Personally if I'm hiring someone I've already worked with, I don't do any interview. What would be the point? There is nothing I can learn in 45 minutes that I don't already know from months/years working together. If I called them up from my contact list is because I already know they're capable. All I need to do is describe the role and job and ask if it is a fit for their career goals at the moment. My daily use phone is a Motorola Razr from 2005. Works great and actually fits in a pocket. "Suburb" is such a broad term so difficult to compare what it means. Your description sounds the exact opposite of suburb to my experience. A suburb area is optimal for young kids as they can go everywhere. Parks, playgrounds, forest trails, movie theaters, everything is within a 10 minute walk or 3-5 minute bike ride. That's what the suburb experience means to me and the life we live right now. In a city (SF/NYC) I couldn't possibly let my On my website I have pages which date back to 1993-94. Still readable just fine. I used to post those links to mailing lists back then and they still get regular hits from people in that community because I've also maintained the URLs constant. The junior developer sees a pattern and thinks why not make this a bit more generic so it handles similar cases. Oh but these cases fit a larger pattern.. and eventually you'll have written yourself an entire framework. This is very valuable, for the experience. Not for the framework, which will never be used. But you should go through it. The mid-career developer knows this from experience and sticks to the minimum necessary to meet the requirements. Fast and efficient in the short term. The senior developer mostly agrees with that but also knows that there is nothing new under the sun and all software ideas repeat. So from experience they can selectively pick the additional implementation work to be done ahead of time because it'll save a lot later even if it's not needed yet. As an aside, this is one of the many reasons why I interview based on discussing past projects and don't care for algorithm puzzles. Unless I specifically need an entry-level developer, I'd prefer to have the person who has written a few silly (in hindsight) complex frameworks and has painted themselves into a corner a few times with overly simplistic initial implementations. That's the person I know I can leave alone and they'll make sane decisions without any supervision. The algorithm puzzle jockey, not so much. > That doesn't excuse Git having an unintuitive UI that makes it very difficult to learn. It has that in common Vim, Emacs, the command line itself... and programming in general. What they also have in common is that once you get used to them they're wonderful tools I can't agree with that. Emacs, UNIX CLI etc are indeed powerful tools with a steep learning curve but they are wonderful once learned. Git? Not so much. Git is not any better than mercurial (to OP: I recommend mercurial) but git is extremely user hostile to an extreme I can't think of any other popular tool ever. Over the decades I've probably used every well-known source control system (and a handful less famous ones) and git is the only one where if I need to do anything out of the ordinary I will always backup the whole tree first because it's 50/50 odds git will go into some inexplicable and unrecoverable state and the code is lost. I've never had that happen with any other source control tool. Kinda defeats the point of source control. I do agree with everyone saying git is a plague we must face so do learn it. I suggest doing so at work where they pay you to do unfun things, that's why they call it a job. For personal/pleasure project I want to enjoy quality tools that are well designed, pleasant to use and don't fight against me - so I use mercurial. That's an insightful concise description of "agile" experience. As an anecdote, I have an acquaintance who is a psychologist in silicon valley and he has mentioned he frequently works with patients suffering from mental health issues related to being subject to "agile" at work. I wish someone would do a proper study on this topic. Personally, agile hasn't driven me to depression but it has made me target roles that avoid it at all cost. Life is too short and precious to suffer through a detailed status report meeting every.single.day. gmail, by so many orders of magnitude.. Email interface designed by people who seemingly have never tried to read email. Threading is completely broken, filtering is broken, compose screen is unusable. At previous companies I've had to use gmail but was able to use a sane email client via IMAP so it was almost ok (although still somewhat broken as gmail doesn't handle IMAP correctly). At current work they disable all access except via the unusable gmail web interface. So definitely gmail is the worst I have to put up with everyday. jira would be a distant second, but no comparison. Genuine programming skill has no correlation to the skill of regurgitating algorithms in a reality-show type setting. Actual development, of real products, isn't done like that. This is the reason why it's so perpetually controversial to put developers through this type of interviews which measure nothing relevant to the job. > Gmail was so groundbreaking when it first came out in 2004. Can't agree with that; I was there, got the tshirt. Literally! I still have a tshirt from the gmail launch in 2004: "Google gave me a gig" (meaning 1 GB of storage). It was mediocre then, terrible now. Hasn't really changed much other than UI tweaks. > They want the mediocre people who are also obedient. The kind of people who can be > told to study an algorithms book, and will do it, and will regurgitate it, as a > show of obedience, mostly, but also mediocre (but not great) intelligence--- > not great, because if they had great intelligence, they wouldn't waste their > time on that kind of activity. Perhaps a bit cynical but there is truth to that. A huge company just needs cogs that can do the job and don't think outside the box much. > The more experience I get, the more I think that most languages are just fine. Quite. Just give me a boring language with a stable ecosystem, mature and extensive tooling and fully understood quirks. That means all the time and effort can be spent building the actual product instead of burning time monkeying around with the shiny-new language. This means that things like Java and PHP (and C in some domains) are nearly universally the correct answer if your goal is to build a product instead of building a resume. According to the linked page, the Jelly 2 is 95mm * 50mm * 17mm. The Palm phone is 97mm * 51mm * 7mm, so it's smaller (particularly a lot thinner) than the Jelly 2. Still, it's wonderful to see more options in the pocket-sized phones!! A vastly under-served market. I bought the Palm phone after it was discussed here a month or so back. Very happy with it, actually fits in my pocket and I can't feel it's there. I remember enjoying watching Halley's Comet as a young astronomy geek kid, seeing it with just my eyes (didn't own a camera or telescope). I can't see neowise with my eyes at all. I've taken really nice photos of it, but that's with a 500mm lens on an equatorial mount and long exposures. So IIRC Halley was a much better show. > the profession of software development is a victim of a hostile takeover from product managers, while pushing engineers out of control of their domain. This is a good observation, it summarizes very well my feeling on what is wrong with the industry today. In the 90s in many (most?) companies where the product was tech, engineering was in charge of engineering decisions. This meant that feature requests had to pass a sanity filter which would discard or transform ideas which would compromise the soundness of the security, stability, maintainability and other core architectural considerations. Today, engineering is reduced to fungible user story jira ticket implementors with no decision making power so the more abstract (to PMs) work such as security will get no attention except as a crisis when it generates bad PR. (source: working as a security-focused eng/architect since the 90s, on both product engineering and infosec sides.) > It's just a job. It is in fact just a job. Can be enjoyable, but that's what it is. Losing sight of this can lead to being exploited. > I'm not sure about this. For instance, I'm typing this message in a text box in my browser and I don't have access to vim keybindings. There are many cases where this happens (other example: google docs). But both in this box and in google docs (and so many more places) you have access to the basic emacs C-* cursor movement and line manipulation bindings. One should really know both vi and emacs style basic movement bindings. Both work in many places, sometimes it's one or the other. > ...mostly GlobalStar. Spot X and Garmin InReach are the two big ones These are different though. SPOT works on globalstar which has gaps in coverage, particularly large parts of the Pacific. A coverage map is here: https://www.findmespot.com/en-us/products-services/coverage-... The inReach works on iridum and claims 100% world-wide coverage. Personally I carry an EPIRB for the boat, a PLB on the lifejacket and an inReach for texting. Cheap insurance. Even on ten year old hardware single digit ms latency in Java server apps wasn't very special. Java (JVM) is an extremely performant platform so I always find odd how a meme has somehow built up on it being otherwise. True that one can end up writing terribly inefficient Java code, but one can write terrible code in any language. If I need to write server code where performance is particularly important and I don't want to deal with the cost (in debug time and dev expertise) of C or C++, Java would be my first choice. Also I'm of the school of thought that performance always matters. Autoscaling in cloud providers sure makes it easy to scale horizontally to make up for slow server code, but once you reach certain size, go have a chat with the finance team about the AWS bill. I had a friend who took 4-5 months off unpaid leave every year at our large enterprise tech company. He had no dependents and was sufficiently independently wealthy that he didn't particularly care if HR threw a fit and didn't want him back. But he always came back, no issues. I always wanted to do the same but I needed the income so didn't dare try. Which is exactly how the companies want it. > i'm surprised that people are surprised by this. While I'm not surprised per se (seen it enough here and in the industry), it does make me sad and worried about the industry. This short-term thinking is starting to break everything. How many things sold today depend on some smartphone app? What is the chance that said app will be available or able to run in ten years? Thirty years? I'll bet big money on zero percent chance. Adding a dependency is like adopting a puppy. Sure it seems free.. but it's not. It may be the best thing to do, but go in with eyes open on the costs. Something like left-pad, absolutely never worth it. Something like OpenSSL, basically always worth it (warts and all). Everything in the middle, evaluate carefully. When adopting a dependency you're adopting all their development practices. Do they break backward compatibility every minor release because compatibility is for the boring people? Never address CVEs? Every additional dependency constrains your future self by a little bit. These add up. > Rule of thumb for a boat motor is 1hp for each 40-50lbs of weight. For a planing hull, maybe? Displacement hulls (sailboats, trawlers, etc) don't need (and can't make use of) much hp. It doesn't take much to get to hull speed, and basically no amount of power will make it go significantly faster. For example my 8000lb sailboat has an 18hp engine (~440lb/hp) and it could easily reach hull speed with a smaller engine in most conditions. Been running my email infrastructure for IIRC about 8-9 years (with postfix). Spam isn't much of a thing, which perpetually surprised me but there it is. Some background: before I ran my own email server I relied on my ISP for receiving email for my domains and I was getting hundreds (even thousands) of spam messages a day. I used spamprobe to classify the spam away, very effectively. But that ISP must've had a very lenient smtp configuration. With my own email server I enforce everything postfix supports enforcing at the time of the connection itself. Watching the postfix logs, I get multiple spam attempts per second but all of them are rejected before the connection attempt is accepted by postfix. Actual spam that gets through that is minimal. About zero to five per week for me. I'm still using spamprobe to classify them just out of inertia, but the volume of spam is so low it isn't necessary. As to outgoing email getting junked, it's harder to have exact statistics on this but it has never been an issue for me in the sense of not getting a response from someone, so they must've received it. You do need to configure SPF, DKIM, etc but aside from that, it's not a big deal. There are sites which help verify your configuration, use them. Every time an smtp thread pops up on yc the difficulty of running your own email infrastructure is overstated. Of course I wouldn't recommend it to completely non-technical people, but if you have any interest in internet standards, just do it. Own your infrastructure, help us all decentralize email and don't be the next victim of "gmail locked me out of my life and I have no one to call for help". > the configuration is very arcane at times and monolithic; For my needs it seems quite modular. I have one ~/.mutt directory with separate muttrc files for every email account (10+) and within each account I use folder-hook to have separate (many are shared) config files. Arcane is more subjective, but I like it. That's mildly annoying indeed, but I just press v and select the html version in those cases. As you say, not mutt's fault. > It is not that business form, but some ppl use colorful format to emphasize some text, which basically gives same text in the email, which makes the reader (in plain text) easily miss that part while skimming. I consider that a feature... On some email lists I'm on, there are endless complaints of how some people don't like some elses font/color/size etc. Using mutt I don't see any of that distraction, I just see the text. That's a win in my book. gmail is such a huge regression from mutt (or even pine or elm). I rank the email experience of gmail on par with /bin/mail. It's that useless. I use mutt as an IMAP client for gmail when I can, that works mostly ok. At current $DAYJOB they only allow gmail web client which is a complete disaster of unusability. So I mostly just zoom or slack people since gmail is so useless. gmail is email written by those who have never used a proper email client and don't really care about email anyway. (gmail came out in 2004 - got the tshirt from the launch.) Thanks mutt! I've been using it for most of those 25 years. Thank you. > Once all your individual deductibles have reached a set value called an "out of pocket maximum", health insurance covers 100% of it. Keep in mind "out of pocket maximum" doesn't mean what any normal person would consider it to mean. You can (and I have) easily end up having to pay way more out of pocket than the supposed maximum. That's because the insurance company can unilaterally and arbitrarily decide how much of what you end up paying out of pocket they actually credit towards their tally of "out of pocket". As any negotiator knows, you only have leverage if you are willing to walk away. Health care will never be like this because if you need it to not die, you need it. > Solaris 4.1 SunOS 4.1 That C compiler unbundling was probably the largest mistake Sun ever made and very likely the reason Linux rose to relevance and later world domination. In the early to mid 90s SunOS (prior to Solaris it was SunOS) was in the place where Linux has come to be - it was the default assumed by most software. When one ftp'd any src tarball and typed make, it was almost certain to work on SunOS and very often require extensive tweaking on other platforms. On the nascent early Linux it was a huge pain to get any open source to compile. Unbundling the C compiler in Solaris changed this dynamic. Suddenly it was no longer a given that everything could be trivially compiled on those SPARC box everyone had. > There was no Linux when Sun took that decision. True, but initially Solaris (and the compiler unbundling) had no impact on the Sun user base. The initial release of Solaris was... not that great. I remember universities and research labs (entities which provided a lot of the open source effort) held out upgrading for a long time and stayed on SunOS for years. So by the time most organizations finally upgraded to Solaris, Linux was established but not very strong. The timing was just right (or wrong, depending on POV) for the compiler unbundling to start pushing people (me included) to Linux. (Although then I joined Sun and lived happily in the world of Solaris for many years.) It is easy to make companies cut your salary but difficult to make them respect the reduced work hours! Wife has been working nominally 4 days a week at the G of FAANG for several years. Prorated to 80% of the salary. Management has repeatedly stated that they expect far more than 40hrs/week from a full-timer, so an 80%-timer better turn in at least 40+ hours. Which largely defeats the intended benefit of doing a 4 days week. > Just never have any breaking changes, ever? Absolutely, that is the correct answer. If a breaking change is absolutely needed that implies a new major release number, but never, ever, break compatibility in the current major release family. > I cannot give every application 1-2 hours of review if I get 100+ resumes. Your process has already failed if you're considering 100+ people! First, you should never be getting 100+ resumes for a role. If you are, you need to write better job descriptions and/or get a better recruiter who knows how to match to the job description. With that in place, you (I) are getting about 10-20 resumes at most. Then what I do is read them and rank them. Takes less than two hours. I'll only interview the top five from this stack. I'm happy to give each of these five people however many hours of attention it takes, they and I deserve it. This way the people who didn't get to the interview round have not wasted any of their time which is the most respectful way to handle it. > Don't do "screening" interviews. Only do "hiring" interviews. Good way to put it. Exactly. > You're complaining that, to get a job, you have to demonstrate your ability to do the job That's not generally what people complain in these interview threads. The complaint is that to get a software job one must demonstrate a performance skill 100% unrelated to the actual job. It's as if a surgeon with 20 years experience in his specialty would be interviewed by making them balance chemical reaction equations. Sure, they studied that back in undergrad prior to med school but it's completely irrelevant to the job. But that's how we treat software interviewing. > how about "we found a strong correlation between who can complete coding challenge do well on the job. But that would be a lie. So not a good way to start a (potential) working relationship. > Then you look at your friends in the rest of the country But you don't need to go to the rest of the country, just step outside San Francisco city limits. Everything described in the second paragraph is pretty unique to San Francisco. Not something you really see in Silicon Valley proper. > I will interview at the very least 50 candidates. Why? IMO this is about an order of magnitude too many. I typically interview about 3-4 people, on rare occasions a few more. I've been interviewing candidates for about 25 years now. If your recruiter is sending you 50+ mismatched resumes for a role, get a better recruiter. But even in that case, you should notice and weed these out while reviewing the resumes yourself, before getting to the interview stage. I literally cannot imagine any scenario where I'd interview over 50 people for a role. Or even ten people. A few startups ago we had to grow the team from 20 people to ~120 in a year. Your approach would result in interviewing well over 5000 people in a year. That would be over 20 people a day, every single day, zero work getting done meanwhile! I suggest a re-think of your hiring strategy. > being obviously unfit after the first 10 minutes of a technical interview Which one is more likely: 1. Senior people who have built many successful products don't actually know how to do what they've done. or 2. Interview techniques that focus on skills unrelated to the job (e.g. whiteboard puzzles, algorithm trivial pursuit) have an inordinately high false negative rate. Yes, please share the questions. > Nope, I think lots of people perform 'low skill' in a whiteboard scenario that are not. And the arrogance of their interviewers gets them on HN making very bold claims about other people's skill levels without consideration for the scenarios involved. This is it, in a nutshell. In all my years of interviewing candidates, I've never run into the mythical experienced developer who doesn't know anything about programming. Yet according to HN lore, there are hordes of them out there. My theory is that the only thing there are indeed hordes of, is experienced developers who can be made to look dumb by subjecting them to whiteboard puzzles, algorithm trivia and other such questions which are completely unrelated to the job performance. > http://wiki.c2.com/?FizzBuzzTest From that page: > We can't understand why so many people "fail" the Fizz-Buzz test unless we understand why it is "hard" (for them). But the article doesn't even talk about the environment, which is what it's all about. It's hard "for them" because they're being asked to write the code on a whiteboard, with a job/income on the line, with stress and anxiety dialed up to 11, with someone breathing down their neck watching, while expected to simultaneously provide cheerful ongoing commentary to "show how they think". Under those conditions, I totally believe close to 100% perfectly competent developers will fail at it. But of course it has nothing to do with the programming part. Most of us have heard of FizzBuzz while chillin at home reading articles and immediately thought "that can't be hard" and tried it and indeed it is laughably easy. So we can't understand how "they" could fail at it because we didn't experience it under interview hazing conditions. So the "them" is actually all of us. To me that is the key takeaway of FizzBuzz. > You bike as a hobby you buy a bike. I did buy a bike in 2004 and another one in 2009. Both were pretty expensive so I don't shy away from spending money on hobbies I enjoy. Thing is, today I still have both bikes and I still ride them both every week. I don't need to pay Specialized again every year just to keep using them. Happy to pay for software, even somewhat expensive software. But it better work forever. I'm not paying for apps that expire and want me to pay again for the same thing. That's not acceptable in a hobby/personal market. It is sad Debian has devolved to this. Twenty years ago Debian was the guiding light in Linux distros, with principled technical leadership in the space. It is incredible how much damage systemd has caused on the Linux ecosystem. All TikTok politics aside, this is another case why walled-garden app stores are a terrible idea. Content controlled by a single corporation means it is this easy to shut down software. Compare this scenario vs. trying to prevent people from using, say, irssi (or any IRC client) where the source code is available from a thousand places and one can simply compile it locally. > And most of these tests are basically bullshit, in terms of real world impact. Yes, that is what's so wrong about it. If the whiteboard leetcode monkeydance was somehow relevant to job performance, it'd be annoying but ok. Given the complete irrelevance, it is just a sign of a profoundly broken industry that doesn't understand what job performance is about. It bugs me when people say "the bar is high". No, the bar isn't high, the bar is sideways and outside in the parking lot of the stadium. Personally I have never and will never give a whiteboard algorithm trivial pursuit interview. Doing my small part to bring some sanity here (Silicon Valley). I read the resume and talk about the actual past job experience with the candidate. It works wonderfully well. Never made a bad hire. > When you have 50 well qualified applicants (ie: could pass most interviews) per position then you need some way to weed out 49 of them. No, you don't. Simply hire the first one that's a fit. If all 50 are well-qualified, that means hire the very first one you interview. > If someone using SSH ignores the fact that the host key has changed Then it's game over regardless of anything else. That someone is now owned by anything and anyone who cares to MITM them. Because there is no such thing, people don't rank on a linear scale. The detail in the store description is wonderful. That's exactly where I grew up, learning to program on store equipment as the store manager let me spend the days there in exchange for showing potential customers what these things were. > Have you met a single person in real life that thinks that way? Not the OP but yes. Can't speak to any percentages but I do personally know two people who have been vocally advocating for civil war to "wipe out the left" for years now. Both are successful very wealthy entrepreneurs in CA. > The app is no longer available on the App Store, but it keeps working because the iPhone is too old to connect to the App Store and be told that the app no longer exists. Nice! But also sad that this is the only way one can keep running a desired app in this day where an external corporation controls what one is allowed to use. > I’d be perfectly happy to buy tons of gadgetry like ring and nest products just so long as it doesn’t need some kind of cloud service, and it doesn’t need any kind of subscription. Same here. Is there any company working on this product space? It will never be created by a large corporation or VC-backed startup because those have a need to extract every penny of income from the product line which means there will be a subscription and there will be cloud data gathering which will be sold to advertisers. But a small privately held company could sustainably target the niche of stand-alone home automation devices for the target audiences who care about privacy and/or prefer no recurring monthly fee. (I worked on a startup addressing a small segment of this space but over time we (the initial engineering team) lost control to the investors and it morphed into a cloud-dependent service and then promptly died. Would love to work on that space again but without the investors to keep the focus sharp.) > The issue with remote access is you need a service in the middle to provide that remote access, and provide it securely. This is a pain, but solvable by punching holes in all the NAT pair combinations. At a previous startup we all communication peer to peer (phones, custom home devices, laptops), no data traversed our servers ("the cloud"). It worked beautifully. I think I wasn't clear in the first post. The customer did not have to do anything (i.e. no need to configure any NAT passthroughs on their router etc), this was entirely transparent to the user. > In my opinion, Java as a web language is good when you don't need to really understand what's happening (like in low-traffic situations). If concurrency isn't an issue, then the massive amount of libraries can help you a lot. Not sure how to interpret this comment.. If high concurrency and high performance matter, that is precisely where Java shines. The only other reasonable option would be C++ but it brings so much pain with it that Java is the way to go. If traffic is low and performance doesn't matter (which is most sites), then sure, use whatever favorite scripting language. > the model cannot scale to real software needs Most of the highest performance server code across many industries in written in Java. So... I wonder what do you consider could possibly compete with Java in this space? My favorite is the HP 28S. Mine still works perfectly and lives right under my monitor so it is within easy reach all the time. I also have a HP 50g, but it's not as fun. > you only have one system copy of any given library This is clearly not true. Libraries are versioned and one can have unlimited versions installed. Applications can link to the most specific or most generic version desired. One of the so many reasons I use mutt for email. These problems don't exist. > You can buy a 880 home for 90k in Gilroy CA just 52 miles from Stanford. That's a mobile home, which does not include any land, that's a separate rent. https://www.realtor.com/realestateandhomes-search/Gilroy_CA/... (Add: The space rent is an additional $760/month and it is a 55+ park.) It is a real property, but misleading. It is a mobile home, so the 90K price does not include any land ownership. One must rent that separately ($760/month). https://www.realtor.com/realestateandhomes-detail/8282-Murra... I've seen this play out with several companies over the last 20 years. Company starts to push employees to work remote from anywhere. It sounds great and it is great for as long as you keep and enjoy that same job. Once you move into the boonies, company knows they have leverage on you. You can no longer ragequit on Thursday and start at a new place with a better salary next Monday. You'll be forced to hold on to this job even if it turns sour. Or what if there are layoffs. Then you're stuck in the boonies with no other employment choices other than compete for other remote jobs at a much reduced salary now. Moving back to the Bay Area is very difficult if you sold the house when moving out. TL;DR: Only move for personal reasons, not for company incentives. You're right, of course. What went unsaid is that with these offers the strong temptation is to move out to areas where you truly want to live, not to just another slightly cheaper large metro area with jobs. Everyone I know who took these moves went to places like a large farm out nowhere, or a cabin deep in the forest, or to a small village in the mountains or on a faraway beach. Places which defined paradise to each individual, with wonderful quality of life (but no jobs). Personally I was very strongly tempted to move to Kona (Hawaii) keeping my full silicon valley salary. Not exactly a hotbed of replacement tech jobs though, so I guess I'm glad I didn't. Eliminate anything that is a distraction to you. For me that means absolute silence (which means I can't ever get any work done in an open office). In these covid times I've rented a small private office very close to the house where I can hole up and concentrate (I have a younger child so silence isn't happening at home). I turn off all notifications from every possible source. No emails, no slack, no phone. (My phone is always 100% on mute for everything, except calls from my wife in case there's an emergency). Maybe most importantly, I take 20-30 minutes in the evening to make a plan on what to work on the next day. In the morning I just work on what I pre-planned. I will not check email or slack or anything at all until I've done 3-4 hours of solid work. Only then I'll check email in case there's anything new to care about. As soon as I check these communications the day tends to go downhill on distractions from dozens of discussion threads so I won't get anything else done in the day. But I banked in those 3-4 hours in the morning on progress. When times are slow, sure, I'll check email/slack in the morning and won't get anything done all day. Same for me. I will only buy a paper copy of a book, which cannot be removed from my account when it is on my bookshelf. Same for CDs and DVDs. Amazon seems to offer an instant download of mp3s after buying a CD, so often I never even open the CD after receiving it. But having it means I will own it forever. Anything that is not available in a format I can own in perpetuity, I will not buy. Voting with your wallet is the only way to pressure these companies. > Can't just take the car out to the track and run it between races when you want. Yes, this has completely ruined the sport. My life used to revolved around F1 starting from the late 80s (did not miss a single race in 25 years), but two years ago I gave up and have not watched the past two seasons. With rules preventing engine and car development once Mercedes locked in the advantage, it's game over. Sure F1 has had plenty of dominant teams for short time windows but it was engineering-driven and could (and was) overcome by better engineering by other teams. Now that the advantage is locked in by the rules, there is no hope. To me there's no entertainment value whatsoever in watching Mercedes lap a second faster than everyone year after year. Let's watch some paint dry instead. The F1 crisis today is that F1 used to be three things rolled into one. 1. The sport. Fans, parties, passion, excitement for race results. 2. Advertising showcase of engineering prowess for companies selling cars or car-related parts. 3. A testing ground for future production car technology, send your best engineers to learn under the pressure of F1. With commoditized electric cars taking over the road car market, this no longer works because the interests have diverged. By trying to continue to do all three, F1 is just imploding. Personally I wish F1 would focus on #1 and let Formula E be the proving ground for street car tech. NYC is a wonderful place, I spent my 20s trying to find ways to afford living there but never could (so I lived across the river in NJ and spent all my time in Manhattan). The compromises to live there full time are brutal though. You need to be content to live in what amounts to a closet anywhere else. No space for anything and you better have zero hobbies or interests that take more space than a laptop. > Do that many people really want to have to get into their car and drive 25 minutes to the only (probably subpar) ramen shop in town. This is a common misconception by big city dwellers, but stuff does exist outside as well! I live in the outskirts of Silicon Valley in a town/village, of ~10K people surrounded by forest. And no I don't have to drive 25 minutes to get to a restaurant. I can walk to great sushi, thai, mexican, etc. I can walk to multiple supermarkets, pharmacies, everything pretty much. In fact other than for a few lumber yard runs I haven't really driven anywhere since March. Everything is walking distance. But at the same time I can have a yard, garages, space for woodworking and planting trees, ride a bike on quiet streets and forest trails and all that. And while silicon valley area is expensive, all this is still probably cheaper than a studio in NYC. In a fantasy world where I'm ultra-rich, I would also have a NYC apartment to visit every now and then. It is a fun place. I identify so much with this comment. I achieved my dream in my 20s by working for Sun Microsystems. The company behind SunOS (then Solaris), and all the hardware I drooled over while in the university. Where I met luminaries like Diffie and Gosling. Where pure magic like dtrace and zfs were born. Java too. A place where brilliant quirky engineers ruled the world. A company that built the best operating system and awesome hardware, how awesome is that? (Spoiler: extremely awesome). The ride of my life. Today.. what? Most silicon valley jobs by volume (GOOG+FB) are in advertising. Not interested. Most of the rest are in building yet another phone app or social site. Yawn. Where are the pure tech companies innovating cutting edge hardcore technology products? I want to dream again. Agreed, it is very inconsiderate of people's time. The expectation that I'm here sitting all day watching and responding on the chat window is not good. I solve it by configuring slack to send me email notifications and then close the tab. I'll check email only a couple times a day, I'll see it then and open a slack tab to respond, if needed. > It always seemed weird to me that people make such high salaries in tech but just don't value time as the main commodity of our lives. It's not about valuing it, the problem is that finding jobs which allow part-time work is just about impossible. I'd give anything for a job where I can work 40% time for 40% salary, but those don't exist. My wife has managed to arrange 80% time for 80% pay at the G of FAANG for a couple years, but the company absolutely hates the arrangement and tries every opportunity to sabotage it so it's not that great. Also, management demands 40 hours of work for that 80% pay with the explanation that full-time employees are expected to work for a lot more than 40 hours. > Overhead cost of providing a physical workspace is easily 50%+ of base compensation costs. That estimate is high by about an order of magnitude. To get a sense of the cost ceiling per person, look at the least cost-effective way to rent a monthly desk which is to do it as an individual in a co-working space. Here's one price list for coworking space in Campbell (Silicon Valley) https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iljwYScQ4d5F4rUcQN-9XH0D8E2... An open office desk is $325/month, up to a dedicated cubicle for $725/month. So for a junior engineer at $150K salary, that's between 2.6% to 5.8% of their base comp in office space cost. Now, of course, a company renting tens of thousands of square feet at a time gets better rates due to scale, so the percentage is less than those examples. It's not so much the company, as it is the state tax agencies. > Sometimes hard things are just that, hard. Mercurial is proof that one can have a good scs with a usable CLI. > lightyears ahead of the pre-Git (pre-Mercurial? I'm not sure which came first) client-server VCSes git and mercurial both came out at the same time, April 2005. But neither was the first distributed scs by a very long shot. There was of course bitkeeper (which motivated git) and Sun's teamware was there all of the 90s. Surely several others. > because it's not great for non-power end users. Depends on what's the bar for "power users" I suppose. git is easy for the daily use case where nothing special needs to be done and nothing goes wrong. But that's the vast majority of the time, so mostly it's fine. It is when anything out of the ordinary flow needs to be done that it becomes impenetrable and often leads to data loss (or at least, an irrecoverable state which requires restoring from backup). I've been using source control over 30 years now, with the vast majority of those years being on distributed source control systems (starting with Sun's teamware in the mid-90s). git is the one and only where I have had to adopt the practice of making a tarball of the current working dir before any nontrivial operation. And I end up having to use that backup every so often as git gets into some irrecoverable state of confusion. Some of the comments in this and other git threads suggest (and I'll believe it) that if I were to dedicate substantial time to become an expert in the implementation detail and inner working of git, it might be possible to avoid these irrecoverable states. Ok. That right there is an indication of a massive user interface failure. > but no one wants to go out on a limb and make suggestions about how to improve it. That's not really true, plenty of suggestions on how to improve it. Many of those based on experience doing it for the long haul. Personally I always advocate for a technical discussion of their experience. Read the resume in detail. Talk about it. Pick some past project to go deep. Also let them pick a favorite past project to go deep in detail. It means the interviewer needs enough technical depth to follow along. This works. I've never said "yes" to a hire and later thought that was a mistake, in ~25 years of doing interviews. Just the other day here someone was saying they received over 50 resumes for a role so they had to interview over 50 people. No. Don't do that. You can't go deep, so it just leads to meaningless puzzles. Read the resumes, pick the top 5 or so, interview them personally. Hire the best of those. Done, move on with getting work done. > Most arguments I've seen claiming the incompetence of senior engineers are circular. Exactly! If someone has been implementing and delivering products for years/decades and they "fail" a whiteboard puzzle, which is more likely? A: The whiteboard puzzle doesn't actually measure anything correlated to delivering products. B: They can't actually develop anything, despite having repeatedly done so. I want to hire the people who can develop and deliver products, not the whiteboard puzzle specialists because I've never been at a company where solving whiteboard puzzles is something we do as part of the business. > Yahoo Groups has seen a steady decline in usage over the last several years. Let's not forget yahoo brought this entirely on themselves by breaking standard email handling. https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/ietf/J-IsfA0Lb-6T_NeMD... From that day forward all yahoo addresses became second class citizens on every email list and got either banned or had special rewrite rules applied only to them. And every mailing list hosted on yahoo groups had broken email headers. Despite the damage, they inexplicably held onto this change and got slowly filtered out of email relevance. That kickstarted the migration off yahoo email & groups. If they hadn't done this, all the long-lived email lists would've kept happily chugging along. Certainly goes into the Top 10 Dumb Decisions of Internet History. > what Usenet was Usenet is still around, I still read it most days, with trn. Most newsgroups are either dead or pure spam, but some are active with real content. I have a 28S and a 50G. While the 50G is more powerful (newer), the 28S is my favorite. For programming custom functions the full keyboard is a lot more convenient. The 50G is too cramped, so it was hard to get into programming it, just too inconvenient whereas the 28S was a joy. Love the clamshell. When using it for programming I lay it flat on the desk fully open. When using it purely as a calculator, flip it backwards and use handheld. The build quality (except the battery door of course) also feels better. The 50G keys don't have the classic HP feel anymore. The only real complaint I had of the 28S was not being able to save code between battery changes. I wish it had a backup battery to keep memory while changing the main batteries. Still have my 28S and still use it most days, although sadly don't find much reason to program it anymore. I believe this is an overly rosy-glasses view of the current heavily centralized internet. Gmail spam filtering? Isn't particularly good. I run my own email infrastructure and I get way less spam through it than on my gmail address. And I don't do anything particularly special other than configure postfix correctly. Recaptcha? Was there ever a more hated piece of user abusive technology? Plenty of rage against it here in many discussions. I won't do business anymore with any site that won't let me buy without identifying 27 traffic lights in slow motion (looking at you adorama). We're all better off if this dies. Facebook verification? Don't know what value this brings to anyone other than FB. Youtube? Granted.. Hopefully with bandwidth costs reducing over time, decentralization becomes more viable. Paypal? Always pay with credit card directly. The regulatory consumer protection for that was well in place before internet commerce even took off. The original potential of the internet was in its fully decentralized functionality. Usenet being a great example (owned by nobody, hosted peer to peer) which should be studied a bit more now that we have generations of developers coming up never having known it. Of course, it was (mostly) overrun by spam. But unlike email where spam is pretty much defeated, there was never a meaningful effort in addressing spam on Usenet (forums and mailing lists took over instead). Applying the same techniques to NNTP could well be equally successful. If there is any desire to avoid the internet becoming fully a new cable-tv controlled by just a few major player we need to pursue research into decentralized services as a priority. (If nothing else, consider at least running your own email infrastructure if you're technically capable. Keep the foot in the door so it doesn't close permanently.) This is particularly pernicious. If a private business does it I'll hate on them but oh well, it's their business at the end of the day. But there should be accessibility laws to prevent government agencies from blocking access to citizens/taxpayers using these proprietary technologies. Bang for the buck, my best purchase ever has been a jackhammer. Soil around here is very hard. For years I struggled to dig even the shallowest of holes for planting things, laying pipes, etc. Holes that would take me months to dig, one painful weekend at a time, I can now get done in 10 minutes. Weirdest tool I've bought, but it has saved me literally years of effort at this point. I guess the generalized message is just buy the best and most specific tool up front. The time saved by proper tools is totally worth it. I wish, but haven't really seen any company with IC ladder "all the way up". The other problem is that high level IC roles are very rare whereas the equivalent management roles are plentiful. At a previous company I was the one and only Principal engineer in a division with enough Sr.Directors (equivalent level there) to fill a school bus. Currently I'm at a Distinguished engineer level which is even more limited, but it is still less than a VP. But we have hundreds of VPs of this and that on the management ladder. The fact that you bring up celebrity engineers as examples pretty much showcases the problem. There are very, very few of them. The alternative is nothing. There is no justifiable reason for a CAPTCHA for looking up voting locations. It can be a static HTML page served to anyone in the world. > Is email SPAM really a serious problem today? Spam in email is basically not a problem anymore, in my experience. ~15 years I would get literally thousands of spam emails per day in my spam folder. But this was the days when email servers were configured to accept anything no matter how malformed. And many people had misconfigured smtp clients, thus attempting to enforce constraints would drop a lot of legitimate mail. So spam was a huge problem. Today it's very different. I no longer see any smtp clients from legitimate senders with any protocol misconfiguration. So for years now I enforce every detail at the smtp connection level (with postfix), before the email is accepted. I still see failed attempts in the postfix logs but they get blocked right there. Actual spam getting through to the spam filter is down to a few a week. Then checking DKIM drops all of these in the spam folder. Spam that gets through these steps to my actual inbox is now so rare that it's always a surprise. Less than ten a year, tops. So from my perspective (running my own email infrastructure for a handful of domains, personal and business, friends and family) email spam is no longer a concern. > It's only not a problem because centralized megacorps solved it and everyone has to use them because of the spam problem. Is this a perception or do you have data on this? See my response to parent. Email spam from the point of view of self-hosted infrastructure is no longer a problem in my experience. No megacorps needed (or wanted, IMO). The work office is not the only way to have an office. In these times, I'm renting a small one person private office a few minutes away (by bike) from home. It's the best of all worlds. Quiet space to work, it is outside of the house for separation, but very close so the commute is minimal on a bike and don't need to drive. I don't love having to pay for the space but objectively it is less than the cost of fuel I was spending every month on the commute so I'm still saving money. And my commute is ~7 minutes on a bike instead of 60 minutes driving. And I'm so close to home I can come back mid-day to see my son. Win-win-win. So yes, I'm planning for permanent remote, life is so much better. Exactly this. This has been my approach for a few decades and it works wonderfully well. Making the interview cooperative instead of confrontational is important. The key to success is evaluating the person based on their actual experience instead of their inability to do some whiteboard monkeydance that's completely unrelated to the job. > I literally have a non-existent network of people who will help me find work. A suggestion is to just build that network of past people on linkedin, today. There's no rule saying you can only connect with people you worked with recently. I've been on linkedin a long time (2004) and for many many years I did the introvert approach of only connecting with those I worked very closely with and considered friends. So my network was tiny. Somewhere along the line I realized this isn't my list of friends, it's just a network of people I've worked with who I'd be willing to forward their resume to HR if they asked. That set is a couple order of magnitude larger than my list of friends. So I started sending out invites to everyone I've worked with since the 90s who was adequately competent or better. The vast majority of people accept. > The people with the greatest ability to pay are the ones getting the biggest tax break. They don't necessarily have any ability to pay, which is the scenario that brought prop13 to life in the first place (low-income grandma kicked to the street by taxes). Someone of modest income who bought a modest 100K house years ago isn't cash-flow rich today just because the paper value of their house went up. They are probably retired living on a small social security check and don't have much any ability to pay, let alone the "greatest ability". It's fine to have different views on how society should handle this tricky scenario, but let's be intellectually honest with the core facts. A see some data in my neighborhood which is weird. Comparing same model houses only (same as mine), tax rates are in the range of 5K to 8K. But just a couple of the same model houses are shown as $800 to $900! If I didn't know this neighborhood I would jump to the conclusion that those houses have been owned for so long that their taxes are so low and curse prop13. But, I've been in this neighborhood since it was built so I know the tax was never below 2K even on the first year of constructed. So either these outliers are just errors in the published records, or is there some tax exemption program in CA for people who qualify to some criteria? In any case, it does give the impression that the tax range for this model house is $800 to $8K (10x) when that is not true. It is really 5K to 8K. > they should be downsizing Often the house isn't much to downsize from. If they bought a modest house for 100K back then, it's probably not big. I bought my current house in my 20s. It is tiny because it was all I could afford back then. I always expected to move up, but it hasn't happened. So I've made my life on this street, these parks and forests. I could afford to move up now but it's a nice area and it has become home. I'm not ready to retire but when I do, there's no point in downsizing, it's already tiny. Also don't underestimate the pain of moving for an older person. I often wish my >90yr mother would move closer to here but at that age she is terrified having to change any of her regular doctors and neighbors. The grandma may be an "useful narrative piece" and it was, but it is also very real. These are the people who benefit the most from being able to stay in their home to the end. It is very cruel to force an older person to move from their comfort zone. Of course, corporations taking advantage of prop13 is a travesty. It should be for individuals in their own home only. Thanks, I was aware of that. I'm not in any of those counties, so that can't explain the outlier tax rates on a few houses here being far lower than the tax on them when first constructed. Might just be errors in the reported data. > algebraic sense of wonder I strongly identify with this view. Have always loved math. I remember writing a paper in middle school on how all of nature is built on math which ties closely with this quote "algebraic sense of wonder". My B.S. degree is in mathematics and I loved it. And yet... I very strongly - no, extremely - dislike functional programming. When building concrete things, I love pragmatism above all else and to me functional is the diametrical opposite of that. A CPU has registers, instructions and addressable memory. Any abstraction that strays too far from that reality is a distraction (and maintenance burden) I don't want to deal with. How is it terrible? While I'd love to move to a cheaper place (our work is all remote now), I can't think of anywhere better and I've been looking hard. Being near the ocean is a hard requirement. And weather that isn't terrible (bay area weather isn't actually very good, but it's also never terrible). Where else could one go? Florida could be nice but it is low land being taken over by rising oceans so not a great strategy. Washington state coast sounds promising but there is snow up there, so a hard no. Oregon coast is pretty inhospitable for water sports. Southern California isn't particularly cheaper. Southern east coast (north of Florida) could work, but way too much racism so as a minority that's a pass. SF Bay to Monterey Bay is a sweet spot in the USA that is hard to beat. And these symbolize the transition of silicon valley away from tech. Sun & SGI were pure technology companies, the product was tech. Whereas the current inhabitants are both pure advertising companies, who just happen to use tech as part of their operations. Not the OP but I've also never read a cover letter. It's not that I wouldn't read one if offered, but I've never received a cover letter in 20+ years of interviewing people. Either nobody writes one or HR filters them out. Absolutely. Went through several inkjet printers and all they did was raise my blood pressure. Finally wisened up and bought a (Brother) color laser ~9 years ago and it has been flawless. > Still worth it for 'free' education and 'free' healthcare? No brainer, absolutely worth it. Even making good money in Silicon Valley I'm perpetually afraid of medical bankruptcy if something were to happen. And the cost of education here takes another 15% off my salary for schools far lower quality than in Finland. Out of pocket does not mean what normal people think it should mean. Your actual out of pocket can be far larger, up to unlimited. First, every dollar you pay does not count towards the insurance company tally of "out of pocket". Often it is a tiny fraction. I've personally had years where my true out of pocket was in the several thousands but according to the insurance company my "out of pocket" was less than $100. With that kind of multiplier you can see one can easily spend many tens of thousands before reaching the nominal limit according to insurance company. How do they do this? Because they can and there's nothing to stop them. Also, insurance plans have caps on what they'll pay. End up in the hospital for months and exceed the limits and it's all out of pocket, which can be in the millions. Also, these don't include things like prescriptions. A friend (working at a FAANG in SV) spends about $50K/year out of pocket on medicines for chronic conditions. Disability insurance provides a percentage of your salary while disabled. It does not provide medical insurance and often you'll get dropped by the company insurance because you're not working. > Does anyone use Mutt with gmail or alikes today? Is it worth it? I use mutt with gmail account (and with everything else, although primarily I use my self-hosted email server). Works fine with gmail. > But gave it up for Gmail web interface. The web interface is so inferior, I can't imagine using it by choice (I'm forced by $EMPLOYER to use the gmail web interface, so I suffer through that pain daily). Anywhere that I have a choice, I use mutt. > I'm considering it now that my nostalgia is flaring up. That's one valid reason but it's unfortunate IMO to see it that way. Mutt (and similar, although I use mutt) are just so much inherently better than any web interface can ever be. The configurability and access to pipe content to other processes cannot be matched. To add to all these good points, also the fact that vi/emacs isn't going away on the whim of some company that comes and goes. So the effort to learn these (and any long-lived open source components) is amortized over my lifetime, not the short lifetime of a commercial tool. Whenever I change projects or jobs I know emacs will be there as efficient as always so I can concentrate on being productive instead of on learning yet another ephemeral IDE. Indeed. I started using emacs in ~91 and put an effort to really learn it in '93 and been reaping the benefits of it ever since. The Apple ][ was pretty expensive compared to its contemporaries. Good perspective, I agree. One needs to pick the concurrency model and design up front. Document it before writing a single line of code. Then stick to the plan. It takes discipline, but it's not difficult. I mostly write in C with pthreads and as long as one is willing to apply discipline to the task, there's no reason to fear concurrency. If one starts adding a thread here and a mutex there and some shared structures over there without any prior plan then yes, absolutely, that leads to a world of hurt and a deep hole that is very difficult to get out of. So, don't do that. I wish this was a more widely held understanding. Document first, code later. Makes nearly all problems easy. Jumping to writing code first is a future disaster in the making. > DO NOT EVER MUTATE STATE! Mutating state is what computers are all about. You can be super inefficient about it by copying everything on every operation. But avoidance is not the road to optimal solutions. I just checked on https://www.uhaul.com/Reservations/RatesTrucks/ for a few weekends in November, pick up in San Francisco, drop off in Sacramento. Rates vary from $300 for a 10' truck to $395 for a 26' truck. > I know where subscribe cancer eventually goes.. Also, to content disappearing entirely for random reasons. I have to wonder if going through the experience of their favorite music (+book +movie +game etc) disappear on them online due to $(random reason outside their control) enough times will sour them by the time they're in their 30s? Or will that generation grow with an acceptance that everything is ephemeral subject to the whim of corporate licensing? That seems a bit sad. That's not true and credit cards are one of the few cases where the fine print does not matter. That's because by regulation you (the consumer) will not be liable for credit card fraud if they steal the number and other info and use it elsewhere. If they physically steal the card and use it elsewhere your max liability per regulation is $50. Regardless of fine print these are the max limits of your loss. That's why nobody worries about it. https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/unauthorized-credit-... Started having severe gout attacks in 2004. Doctors are particularly unaware about gout. Despite having extremely painful and long attacks (during one attack, spent more than a month in bed unable to walk), all the doctors I saw had no idea despite endless tests. Finally based on my own research I suggested gout and they were like "oh yes, I suppose it could be that". Once diagnosed, doctors are quick to get you on daily drugs for the rest of your life. While these help, there's a price to be paid in liver damage from chronic medication. I spent the next ~8 years bouncing from attack to attack despite the drugs, sometimes every few weeks, sometimes months would go by. Finally around 2012 I stumbled on the work of Robert Lustig (UCSF medicine professor) and particularly this talk (not about gout, but touches on it): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBnniua6-oM Fructose is processed by the body into: uric acid. Finally light bulb moment! I hardly ate any of the things traditionally associated with gout (red meat, shellfish) so couldn't modify my diet based on those. But fructose? Yes, turns out I was consuming way too much. I drastically cut back on fructose, limiting myself to no more than 10g/day. I have been gout-free now for 7 years. I don't take any gout drugs anymore. Just avoid fructose at all cost. > My doctors insist that I cut down my drinking (I don't drink), my consumption of red meat (some, but not much) and a variety of other things which mostly don't apply to me. See my other post in this topic. Try cutting way down on fructose. > I do not want to squash your hopes but with dietary changes alone it is not possible to stop progression of gout. We all might get gout for different reasons but the generalization of "with dietary changes alone it is not possible to stop progression of gout" is not true. I have completely stopped my gout attacks by cutting way back on fructose. That is not true. Natural sugar (e.g. sugar cane) is 50% fructose. HFCS is by definition a compound sugar with more than 50% of fructose. How much higher, depends on the manufacturer. I avoid fructose, from any and all sources. Yes, it does mean limiting fruits but I eat them in moderation within my self-imposed 10g/day limit. I sometimes go up to 25g/day but only on special occasions no more than once a month or so. Here's one list of fructose content per type of fruit. I mostly stick to the ones with least fructose: http://nograiner.com/ingredients/fructose-content-common-fru... > making people fat This thread isn't about being fat, it was about gout. I've never been fat but had plenty of gout attacks. Back when I was getting my worst gout attacks I was in the best shape of my life but the problem was I was consuming too much fructose. From a combination of drinking fruit juices (a single glass can have more than my limit of 10g/day!) and not paying enough attention to sugar content of regular foods. When I finally started adding it all up I was easily reaching 100g of fructose per day. "we expect it will be possible for web browsers to deprecate HTTP connections and require HTTPS for all websites" Thinks about the implications of this. It will be impossible to host any web content unless you get blessed by a well-known CA (packaged in the platform/browser CA store). That's why we have Let's Encrypt, right? Yes, thanks to them. Now imagine a future where Let's Encrypt goes away, for whatever reason. Now it's impossible to host any web content without getting approved by a commercial CA. > Also: String handling, which is responsible for so, so, so many security vulnerabilities. That's not really a counter-example. Sure the string handling was an unfortunately choice but it is the standard. The standard library must implement it as defined. Being standard-compliant is not lack of polish. I've never shied away from embracing complexity in trade of more power and/or flexibility wherever it brings me value. I run UNIXen as my desktops (Linux, Solaris, BSDs) even if it takes more understanding and tinkering than OS X, because in the end it's more powerful. I run my own email infrastructure instead of giving it up to gmail, because it's more flexible and powerful and I'm in control. And so on. But git? What a curse it is. I identify with the comments that liken it to hazing. A lot of pain to be inducted into the club, just for the sake of pain. No gain. I've been using source control systems for many decades and all of them have been tools that provide their value without being intrusive. Never have I had to fight a source control tool or take backups before every operation like with git. So that explains the hate, from my perspective. git came along and polluted a perfectly good tool space with something extremely user-hostile and didn't add any extra value (no, git did not invent distributed source control so that's not the explanation; I've been using distributed source control since the mid 90s and today I use mercurial wherever I get a choice). ZFS is so awesome that for my file server I pick the OS based on ZFS support, not the other way around. Currently still running OpenSolaris on my ZFS server, probably will be FreeBSD next time I upgrade the hardware, but time will tell. Regardless of the OS, it will be ZFS! > When ZFS came out I tried OpenSolaris Historical context: ZFS predates OpenSolaris by quite a few years, so the above statement can't be technically true. Well yes, it's actually OpenIndiana. Average tenancy and rent are not independent variables here. At very high market rates, I don't doubt tenancy lengths aren't that long; everyone is looking for the next best deal. But a dramatic drop in rent will result in someone locking in that rate and literally never leaving. Taking that apt off the market essentially forever. I know a few people with rent controlled apartments in SF who have held them for decades so their rent is impossibly low. They'll never leave. At least one hasn't even lived in SF for many years now but the rent is so low it's worth it to them to keep it as an occasional weekend crash pad even though they live elsewhere. > it's the health care that's so expensive Doctors earn well but not particularly different from FAANG-style software salaries. I don't know how good these numbers are but here's some: https://blog.nomadhealth.com/complete-list-of-average-doctor... For example emergency medicine doctor is listed at 366K average (~$162/hr). So when I've had to go to the emergency room and end up seeing the doctor for about 20 minutes, that's about $54 worth of doctor-time (as an order-of-magnitude approximation, ignoring fully-loaded employee costs since I don't have that number). And yet the bill that arrives is on the order of ~$6000. Sure there's also nurse salary to pay for my visit and other legitimate overhead that's part of the actual "care". So from that bill I got, over $5000 are inefficiencies and non-care-providing rentiers inflating the cost. Nearly all the bill goes to entities other than the actual medical care providers! So no, it's the the actual doctor+nurse salaries that makes the USA health care so exceptionally expensive. That would suggest only something on the order of one in every 50 emergency room visits actually pay. I don't have the numbers to confirm or refute that, but that ratio seems highly unlikely. Or take a general family medicine doctor visit. 242K average salary = ~$116/hr. On a typical appointment I'll see him 15 minutes or $29 of doctor-time. Yet the bill is $450. The I in API stands for Interface. Seriously. I set the times and temperatures in my thermostat when I bought this house in the late 90s. I tweaked them a bit over the next few months and have not changed them in over 20 years. > What we need is another category of transitional employment, with both much lighter regulatory barriers to turnover In the USA (based on COBRA mention I assume you're in the USA) employees can be let go for no reason whatsoever effective immediately and without any notice. There can't possibly exist a "lighter regulatory barrier" than that! > It's the reason so many companies prefer contractors to short-term full-time employees. I don't know that they do, at least not here in Silicon Valley. Finding short-term and/or part-time contract/consulting roles is difficult. I did consulting here for a few years (2017-18) and it was a challenge since companies only want regular full time employees. Eventually I quit swimming against the current and went back to a full time role. Late 80s to early 90s before Linux existed there weren't many ways to run unix on x86 hardware of the time. I remember desperately searching for solutions so I could have unix at home and not always rely on the university SunOS/HP-UX/AIX machines. SCO was one player in this space. I can't remember the other one I was considering.. In the end they were all too expensive for poor-student-me so didn't use any of them and kept using the lab SunOS boxes via 2400bps dialup from home until Linux appeared on the scene. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santa_Cruz_Operation Exactly. The vast majority of captcha usage is completely unnecessary. Just remove it. As you say I've even seen captchas for static content, which is pure nonsense. I run several long-lived (decades) sites with mostly static content but also some dynamic pages and a commenting mechanism. Here's what I do to prevent abuse: nothing. It's fine. If you run a massively popular site or something politically controversial then you'll be targeted for abuse. If you're specifically targeted, I don't know how much captchas will help. For the rest of the 99.9% of sites, just stop it. You don't need it. Yes! Coherent it was. Thanks. Others have already pointed out this is an exaggeration but still, there is truth to it. I wonder how the field of software development has changed so radically that this is somehow considered acceptable and even perhaps normal? Back in the 90s to mid 00s even, it was considered a clear violation of user expectations and not even remotely acceptable. Back then at Sun it was a big rule to never initiate such opaque network activity that wasn't directly related to user action and the purpose of the code. Requesting exceptions to that would have to be escalated pretty high up and generally rejected. It was something you Just Don't Do. Even running half a dozen machines at home, my networks connection was entirely silent except for the occasional NTP packets, unless I was actively doing some user-initiated network activity. These days, well, the outgoing pipe is always active even when no machine is doing anything. Most of that traffic is just variants of spyware, reporting back to HQ on what the user is doing at all times. This should not be considered normal and its on us as the software industry to try to claw back on this problem. You should not have any full GC (pause) events, ever, in properly written production Java code. Source: I worked on several extremely high performance Java systems at Sun and also worked optimizing various Java servers at subsequent jobs based on my Sun experience. At one company (after Sun) I took on a backend service which was doing GC pauses every 3-5 minutes, the code was a dumpster fire mess. After cleaning things up we didn't hit a single full GC in two months of production use (they redeployed every two months so that's as long as the process lasted). > Are there any languages that target the JVM and are designed for higher speed? Yes: Java Performant Java looks mostly like C, just with no manual malloc() calls. Sure you could write Java in a J2EE way but.. that not a good choice. It's not even about "programmers suck". It's about productivity. I can, and have, written high performance systems in assembly (long ago). I've written many high performance systems in C. Rarely, but sometimes, still do. But doing it in assembly takes a long time. No way to justify time to market on that one today. In C, sometimes it's worth it. But Java productivity is so much higher and (if written properly) leaves very little performance on the table. It's the sweet spot of performance vs. productivity still today and has been for about 15 years (~Java 1.4). It's not rocket science honestly. Mostly any Java performance guide will tell you how. Allocate either locally on the stack or allocate for the life of the process so it never gets GC'd. Of course, spend time profiling to make sure you got it. Figure out your redeployment cadence and that sets the ceiling for how much data can be an exception to these rules. (e.g. if you redeploy nightly then it's fine to grow the memory consumption as long as you don't hit full GC in less than 24hrs.) In a nutshell that's it. As others said, no full GC events. Young generation GC is cheap, no need to avoid that. Productivity is the point. Even while paying attention to GC, it's much faster to write good code in Java than to worry about every malloc() in C. I love C, but if I need to churn out high performance code quickly, Java is the choice. Modern C++ is probably about as good, with sufficient team discipline. I don't have enough recent experience with C++ to have a strong opinion. IMO (possibly biased by how much I hated C++ in the 90s) it is easier to maintain clean code discipline in a large team with Java than it is with C++. > Usenet. But that's like saying "email". USENET isn't a forum, it is a standard decentralized distribution mechanism owned by nobody (like email). Some newsgroups were a disaster even back in '90 and many were awesome back then. Most decayed but even today there are a few corners of USENET which thrive (I still read a few newsgroups every week with trn). > Carbon fibre frames are prohibitively expensive Back in the 90s, yes. Carbon frames are the mainstream now and have been for at least the last decade. > I don't understand who this is for I'd consider it if I was still commuting longer distances but covid put a stop to that. The range is a bit too short but if the additional external battery really delivers 70% more range as claimed, it would be a great fit for what used to be my commute. But reddit is a proprietary platform, not a protocol. What I was getting at is that NNTP and SMTP (and the infrastructure surrounding the protocols) is all standard and non-proprietary, nobody owns them and anyone can run them so there can be as many communities as may be interested. > it's about the fact that when you buy grana padano in the US and it's made of sh*t, you as a consumer should be able to tell. While that's a great goal, I wonder why a few categories like champagne and apparently 'grada padano' are trying to protect the category name instead of just the brand like most other types of product? I can buy the $5-for-a-plastic-gallon unbranded tequila or I can buy the $60 Don Julio tequila or some of the very expensive tequilas. Their reputation (or lack of) is in the brand, not in the alcohol category word "tequila". > These are mopeds at best. Electric motorcycles at worst. These are very far from that. This LeMond ebike has a 250W motor. Any moderately strong cyclist can put out more than 250W. Very strong riders can do double that. And the motor assists cut off at 20mph. Even a weak cyclist like me (~180W FTP) can trivially do 20mph on a regular bike if the trail is flat so that's hardly a high speed. > Bikes are all about diminishing returns. Pretty much everything is about diminishing returns though, so nothing special about bikes. For instance I can (and have) build a Miata race car for $5K to do good laptimes at the race track. Or I can spend over $100K on a car to go a handful seconds faster per lap. It's clearly not for racers, it has a motor in it. Take a look at the prices for ebikes from similar reputable companies. $4500 is nowhere near the high end, so this is a pretty reasonable price for a commuter ebike. And at 26lbs definitely light for an ebike. > It's freedom. Being locked in to AWS (or GCP, or..) when costs are rising out of control is what I consider the opposite of freedom. I was with one startup that went full-in on AWS features, so it was very difficult to migrate. Sure, we got started real quick, that was nice. I argued early on that we need to be careful of not getting locked in to AWS in case we need to jump away once we have some customer growth, but everyone else thought that was silly. Fast forward two years and our AWS bill was about $2500 per year per customer. Revenue per customer, certainly nowhere near that. Burning VC money gets you far but only so far. Yes we ran out of money. > I know corps and teams where they need approvals for each cloud resource they instantiate. That is a culture problem. I'm on the software side so I want my compute resources in the next 30 seconds like anyone, but.. at a larger company there needs to be controls in place or things can go bad quick. At one company I'm aware of, finance really started banging on doors when the cloud bill went over $1M/month and nobody really knew very clearly what any of it was being spent on or what products or customers each expense was associated with. Can't upvote this enough. Never give these remote administration rights to an employer on any personal device (phone typically, but any). Sad to see this downvoted as it is absolute truth (except "left over for salaries for a half dozen devOp techs" is a bit exaggerated but the rest is spot-on). AWS/cloud is extremely expensive. Seen many companies bankrupted by it when they could've run their own infrastructure for pennies on the dollar. For some workloads (very variable ones, in particular) it's totally worth it. Most of the time though, the cost premium is a killer. If you're running a business where customers are not price-sensitive and your margins are very high, AWS makes sense. That's not most of us, I think. > Professional Interviewers It is such a tragedy for our industry. Personally, I don't participate. And encourage everyone to opt out. I want, and do, spend all my efforts in delivering best performing, most secure real products, making customers happy and the infrastructure and code maintainable. I have as much impostor syndrome as anyone (or probably more than most) but very slowly over many years and long string of managers who gush about my performance and always give me highest possible reviews, I've come to accept (if not actually believe) that I'm very good at what I do. And yet, no way I could ever "pass" one of these whiteboard algorithm monkeydance interviews. A company wants to judge based on nonsense that has nothing to do with the job? Then you don't get to hire me, a proven expert with a track record of success. Enjoy hiring a team of people who've spent their life doing artificial exercises and (as a consequence) haven't put much effort into building actual products. I do what I can to improve the industry hiring. I do interview lots of candidates and will never do so via whiteboard monkeydance. I interview based on their experience doing real work, based on the resume. I encourage everyone to do the same and put and end (at least slightly reduce) the leetcode nonsense that's killing the hiring culture. > there’re surprisingly large number of folks who claim 5-10 years of experience and several companies under their belt but aren’t able to code a simple for-loop in their language of choice No. This indicates a failure in the interview technique. +1 to that. My first exposure to non-personal computers was via VMS at the university. It was exciting. But then a few months later I got access to a SunOS lab (and shortly after, AIX and HP-UX labs). Mind blown! Instantly in my mind VMS became just a toy, UNIX is where the hacker ethic lived for real. Thirty years later, still on UNIX (BSDs and Linux now). VMS? Yeah.. Agreed. I went through my phase of geeking out on Lisp and playing with programming languages for the sake of the language itself. But in the end it wasn't very satisfactory. I prefer building things. At a later job my views got reinforced by a team who were so excited about Scala (many years ago when it was particularly bad, not sure if it is better now) and all the language tricks they could do in it. So we spent tons of time on "stupid programmer tricks" (Letterman-style) and debugging obscure language constructs, less time on the actual working product. So I don't want clever programmers on my teams nor clever languages. Give me mature ecosystem, great tooling and simple code. Java and C remain the gold standard for getting things done. > So every every single time you loose any drive in a mirror setup you risk all the data on all drives in the entire pool. Not true. If you lost all the drives in a mirror vdev, you lost those files not the entire pool. More importantly, mirrors are not limited to two drives. You can have any number. I use mirror vdevs with 4 drives. > When one expects one's users to RTFM, they've already lost. A debugger is a somewhat advanced tool, studying the documentation is absolutely required. It's a CNC machine, not a screwdriver. (Agreed that gdb could use better documentation.) > SF property taxes are 0.65%. The base CA property tax rate is 1%, so it can never be lower than that. It's nearly always higher since localities can add assorted fees to it (so of course they do). You might have a long-time owner paying 0.65% due to prop13 slowing the year-to-year increase, but as a new purchaser your CA property tax will always be >1%. According to zillow there are 300 homes over $1.5M for sale right now in Austin. Surely many more not currently listed for sale. Sorry for the long link.. https://www.zillow.com/homes/for_sale/?searchQueryState=%7B%... > The 50 square miles of SF has perfect weather, if you're not put off by cold and clingy fog. I'd say San Francisco has the worst weather of the area, nearly always cold and foggy as you say. As soon as you go slightly south toward Silicon Valley or slightly north towards Santa Rosa the weather improves dramatically. The above is factually correct. Your understanding is not correct. When you buy the house your tax rate is 1% (+ local fees) of your purchase price. Every year thereafter, it goes up by at least 2%. The assessed value will go up by 2% (that's prop13) so the base tax will go up by 2%. However, local city and county can add their own fees on top of that (so they do), therefore in many years the actual dollar amount increase will be more than 2%. (Source: my property tax bill over the last 23 years.) Interesting comment! If one doesn't use the history part of revision control, why bother with revision control at all? Serious question. One could just do backups and skip the overhead of revision control. To me the whole point of revision control is to examine who did what when and why. As a short analogy: ps vs. top > I installed SBCL, Slime for Emacs, and started working through the book Practical Common Lisp. This is exactly the approach I took (~15 years ago) when I went all-in on Lisp for a few years. Don't know if it is still the best today, but it was a solid approach at the time. I agree with all the above, except: > If you're good at all of the above you'll never run out of companies that want to hire you. If you're good at all the above, you'll be hit with whiteboard monkeydance and the interviewer will walk away convinced you don't know how to write an if statement. Sadly yes, it's become a very fashion-driven industry. Much of it is driven by the near-complete lack of historical knowledge of the field. I advocate that a computer science or software eng curriculum strongly needs a semester or two of the history of the practice. What roads have been taken in the most important areas and examine all the dead ends and why they were abandoned. So much of the new-shiny is just a badly implemented rehash of ideas that we already know didn't work out in the past, if we only knew. Because we mostly don't, as an industry, it seems like an exciting new idea. > Or they always operate at levels of abstraction where everything is slow, so they have simply gotten used to it That's a lot of it, I believe. One startup I dealt with was honestly proud of how they were scaling up to hundreds of requests per second with only a few dozen AWS VMs to handle it. I'm old enough to know how ludicrous those numbers are, having built systems handling more load on a single desktop machine with 90s hardware. But I've come to realize some of the younger developers today have actually never built any server implementation outside of AWS! So the perspective isn't there. Exactly! Consider how incredibly slow it is to take a photo on a phone. And how short the battery life is. And how few capabilities the phone photo editing has compared to desktop photo processing where CPU, RAM and battery life are not constraints. Why would I ever want any of that in a DSLR? A DSLR can go from sitting on the shelf to having taken a focused photo in less than a second. The battery life is measured in weeks (unless using built-in flash). No comparison how much better experience it is. > Suburbia means that every trip out of the house will require a car. That is quite a generalization. Some suburbs can be like that, with houses for miles on end and nothing else. That seems like the exception though. Plenty of suburban neighborhoods have walkable commerce nearby. I have never lived in a city. And yet, I've never lived in a place where I couldn't walk to at least a supermarket. Currently I live in very suburban (borderline rural, really) area and nearly everything I could need is within a 15 minute walk (multiple supermarkets & pharmacies, hardware store, clothing, restaurants, movies, medical, etc.) > Conservative would be one thing. Stubbornly out of date would be another. Indeed. Also often impractical. A way to solve this is to support both a regular mode of operation and a FIPS mode of operation. I've worked on multiple enterprise products at different companies that take this approach. The full-on FIPS compliant mode is there to check all the boxes for customers who need that for their auditors. Even withing the set of those customers, a majority don't actually run the product in FIPS mode because it's too limited. It is a generalization to assert "Suburbia means that every trip out of the house will require a car", when it is easy to show there are counterexamples where this is not true. One could say "There are suburban areas where every trip requires a car" and that's a true statement. The generalization is not a true statement. > There's also the option to reduce speed as much as possible, aka break hard, that a computer can do a) earlier than a human would b) much harder than a human would. a) A computer can initiate braking a small fraction of a second faster than a human, which is great but not such a huge difference in braking distance. b) A computer cannot brake any harder than a human, certainly not "much harder". The max deceleration rate is traction-limited, which any remotely modern car (last ~25 years) can easily sustain with an untrained driver thanks to modern ABS. (As a side hobby I instruct in car control and accident avoidance clinics. Blindly braking hard is not often the best answer.) > IP assignments (i.e. "what you do belong to us") is very much enforceable and very common. Not true. By law, the work you create in CA on your own time on your own equipment cannot be claimed by the employer. That's part of what creates Silicon Valley: you moonlight on your startup while working full time until you're ready to take off. The text from this section is always present in any CA employment contract: https://california.public.law/codes/ca_lab_code_section_2870 Now, sure, there is the gray area introduced by clause a.1. "relate" but as long as you can steer clear of that the law is quite straightforward. Apple may have tons of lawyers and AFAIK is not a very employee-friendly place, but they shouldn't be above the law. > San Francisco or Cambridge near the MIT campus would be a much cooler place to grow up. Not sure how recently you may have been to San Francisco but it is not a place I'd take my kid (I live in the bay area) let alone live there with kids. The level of filth, crime and sadly mentally ill on the streets is not something I'd want to subject any child to. > Kids have a much better time in real walkable cities What makes the walkability "real"? I'm curious what has led to the HN meme that one can only walk places in Manhattan or comparably dense cities? We live way out in nearly-rural suburbs. This is as walkable as it gets. The kid can walk to big parks nearby, libraries and movie theathers, shopping, etc. I walk to my office and just about everything is a short walk or bike ride away. > Those suburbs are optimized for wealthy able-bodied adults age 35-60 who like driving their cars. I'm in that demographic and feel exactly the opposite. These suburbs are for kids. It's a picture perfect place of safe independence for growing up. They can walk to each other's houses and play in the parks etc independently. I've been using fetchmail every two minutes (daemon mode) for well over two decades and not once has it failed to do what it needs to do. So it's a bit of a stretch to call it garbage. Other than emacs and mutt, there's no other tool with such stable longevity in my toolbox. Certainly a book that belongs on the honored shelf, near the Knuth books. > suddenly Facebook's computer started calling me and my friends by name Here's one creepy correlation horror story... I just started at a new job, so got a new email account in a new domain that I've never been associated with before. Last week I got an ipad as a gift, set it up with my personal account on my personal domain. Last few days, I start getting spam from apple on my work email about service offers for this new personal tablet!! Zero relationship between the accounts or domains! The only possible explanation is they're correlating the IP address and going by that. Very creepy. Pre-pandemic I was commuting to a large bay area employer. About a ~hundred or so chargers in the parking lots. The choices were to either arrive very, very early ( I mostly left after 7pm so it was ok but on days when I had to go at 5pm it was a big problem, didn't have time to get enough charge to get back home. Also, there's not enough power available to feed all the chargers simultaneously. So when all chargers are used and charging, the power delivery dropped to ~1.5kW. As cars started to get full and stopped drawing power only then power delivery would rise later in the day. So there's no way to install a thousand+ more chargers, there's not enough power delivery available. To be honest I'm not casual about it, it's always very stressful if I have to drive the electric car! I'm ok driving the e-car to work if I know for sure I can stay there until well past 7pm. If there's any chance I might need to leave before 7pm I want to drive my other (not electric) car. On the few days where I need to leave early and can't drive the gasoline car (because wife needs it), I spend all afternoon stressing about it and walking to the parking lot every 30 minutes to look for empty spots to get the charging started ASAP so I can get home. Not fun. > Everyone who claims this is lying to themselves. Certainly not everyone. At my employer a VP produced a report for 2020 showing how his division had increased both productivity and response times across the board by a non-trivial margin due to WFH. Doesn't mean this generalizes across all teams but certainly at least some are seeing such data. > My workspace is also superior to what I'd ever get in the office. An interesting factor is how this is dependent on how confident we can be to continue WFH. Like many people, I'm nowhere near prepared to have a good home office, the house is way too tiny. Which was fine when I didn't WFH more than a few days a month. But I could easily solve that by moving to a cheaper area where I could get a house with enough space for a dedicated home office. But to do that I need to be confident WFH will continue. Hard to predict what to do. (So what I've done in the interim is lease a small office walking distance from my house, lots of vacancies right now.) That's precisely why you want to make friends at every shop, since you'll all be rotating jobs and running into the same people in future jobs, sometimes hiring them sometimes being hired by them. > It's easier to set up back yard solar panels than a back yard fuel refinery. If you have lot of open space with sun exposure, true. For the average small yard, it's easier to buy a 55gal drum of gasoline and a manual pump if you can anticipate the need. Growing up in hurricane country, it's something some people did. Buy a drum in the summer and store it. If it wasn't needed, just use it up after November (end of hurricane season). Later this week I'd expect multiple areas in the Santa Cruz Mountains to lose power (from the coming storm). It's very common, happens multiple times per year (fires, winds, rains can all cause it). Sometimes it's just a day, sometimes many more. Unless I someday get to live somewhere with a very substantial solar system, I won't ever be with only an electric car. Grid-delivered electricity isn't reliable enough to bet on. And consider storms like hurricanes Irma and Maria which left many areas of the Caribbean without power for multiple months. If the outage is caused by something large enough for it to last a longer time, it's very likely any charging stations near you are also out. > And electricity is much cheaper than gas. Maybe. When I was commuting, my daily driver gas car got 36 MPG. My commute used 0.72 gallons. At $3.55/gallon, the trip cost $2.56 or about 9.9 cents/mile. At the same time I had a Fiat 500e. The same commute consumed 11kWh. So the breakeven point (between my two cars) is $0.24/kWh in electric cost. Looking at my PG&E bill, peak time (4pm-9pm) cost is $0.35/kWh and part-peak (9pm-midnight) is $0.34/kWh. These are winter time prices, they are much higher in the summer (but I only have my current bill handy). So if I had to ever charge the electric car during peak or part-peak times, it is quite a bit more expensive than gas. Now, of course, I only charge it at night (PG&E price $0.17/kWh) so it is a bit cheaper. Just need to be careful to set the timer so charging never starts before midnight. > Note that with a gas car, you can't fill it up at home ever, for any reason (unless you have a well and refinery I guess). Or a drum of gasoline and a hand pump which is very practical. If you live anywhere where outages and natural disaster are a thing, it's good to plan ahead. In areas where outages are expected (hurricanes), the better-prepared gas stations have their own generators. Not all do, for sure. > Oh wow, 11kWh to go 26 miles... Well that commute includes going up a 2000ft mountain pass so that part drains the battery pretty quick. I'm sure the Fiat would get better range in flat land, but there isn't much flat land around here. > You don't want to share a road with me when you could share it with a Tesla FSD. I'd rather share a road with you, a human. Even if you're a self-admitted bad driver, humans have a strong instinct of self preservation which helps. Software has no such thing, a bug in the code will let it accelerate full throttle into a wall (or whatever) without flinching because it's not alive. Hard to say long term since EVs are so new. What might be the lifetime maintenance cost of a 30 year old EV with several battery pack changes? No stats exist on that yet. While EVs are unarguably simpler, the gas cars do have 100+ years of effort into making them reliable. Gas cars today (and even back into the 90s) are so extremely reliable that basically no drivetrain work at all is needed well into the 200K mile range unless you get unlucky with a lemon. The things that do tend to generate repair work are shared between the platforms. Electronics & wiring, controls, seats, power windows are in my experience the worst offenders. EVs have all that. Our Fiat 500e's (two) have spent a lot more days in the dealer shop than any of my gas cars ever, FWIW. It is kind of nice to not have to worry about oil changes! But a ~$50 oil change twice a year won't ever make up for the large cost difference of an EV. So purely from a cost perspective (not talking about climate impact!), the EVs are not cheaper to own. > when the short contract is up Options are contracts which expire. A short position is not that, it doesn't have any expiration date. It can be untenable to maintain that short position forever due to costs, but that's a different discussion. I used to back up for long term storage on floppies. The on iomega drives, later on CDs and then on DVDs. My thinking was that what's on my hard disk today is volatile and the backup media is for the long haul. In every case those became a problem over time either due to degradation of the media or simply because the underlying tech became more rare or unavailable. So about ten years ago I flipped my approach. My long term storage is my current file server and for the backups I have no expectation of them lasting more than a year or two but that's fine. The file server is up and running 24x7 so it is not bit-rotting in some drawer. It runs ZFS so integrity is guaranteed. ECC RAM. 4-way mirror for every pool so there's plenty of redundancy. The only drawback is having to stock it with enough storage to hold everything, but that's the tradeoff. Storage gets cheaper while backup media doesn't get particularly more reliable so it's a good tradeoff. I still do backups of course (while ZFS and ECC guarantee integrity, nothing guarantees I won't accidentaly rm a file) with zfs snapshot and send, but these are only for disaster recovery not archival so I don't need to lose sleep worrying how long they last. Same here, RSS is the center of all my internet content consumption. How else could one keep track of things? There isn't any substitute. I get HN via RSS but didn't know about the replies feed, cool! I use rss2email to turn everything into effectively a mailing list, so convenient. Very sad that craigslist broke their RSS feed a few months ago, so I can no longer shop for anything advertised there for sale. This is a valid thought experiment to consider. I'm old enough that racking my own boxes and hosting everything myself is both natural and easy (and cheaper and faster). But working with plenty of young developers, most don't have any exposure or interest in setting up anything other than AWS services tied together. So like it or not (I don't) we're rushing towards a world where AWS (maaybe GCP, mostly not) is the only way to build something. It's good to consider the implications of this. > I'm disappointed by how many people cling to Chrome/Chromium under the justification that they don't like where Mozilla is going. A very key point. I may rage against the occasional anti-user decisions Mozilla makes every now and then, but objectively Google and thus Chrome are 100x worse in every aspect. Mozilla still does respect privacy and user choice mostly, even if they blunder sometimes. Google is an advertising company with a mission fundamentally contrary to privacy. No way I would ever run Chrome. And that's before considering the monoculture risk of a single browser which is an even larger threat. Maybe some are too young to remember when IE was dominant and there was a real fear of them closing off most the popular web to be Windows/IE only. Today Google's control over interoperable web traffic is larger than Microsoft's ever was, through things like the curse of recaptcha that makes browsing more difficult on non-chrome. Another reason to vote with my mouse clicks and never run Chrome. > If I leave it running for too long with a bunch of tabs open, it will eat more and more of my CPU until it's hogging it all. That's not normal Firefox behavior. I run multiple windows (one in each monitor), each of them with many dozens of tabs and only time I ever quit Firefox is if I have to reboot the machine for an update, so it runs for many months on end. Never seen this runaway CPU consumption. > provider of the platform to stop allowing for them to be installed The fact that this is possible (worse on iOS) is the architectural and political tragedy of these app stores. A "provider of the platform" should have no power to have any say in what apps are installed on a user-owned device, in which case it would be impossible to coerce them into banning this or that. If you ever need heart surgery, do you want the surgeon who has done 10 years of heart surgery (or better yet, 30 years)? Or do you want the surgeon who has jumped from area to area and has no more than a year or two of experience in each area? The experience doing knee replacements will be invaluable in your heart surgery. Right? It is so weird that this meme of "10 times one year of experience" is somehow become a negative. > Can you build any vetting process, Yes, it's pretty simple. Create and enforce some consumer protection laws which require, for example, that any company larger than a certain size is required to establish support offices staffed by humans in every major town. And required to resolve every issue within X days either by fixing the problem or clearly documenting why not. If not, no arbitration allowed, so they are subject to lawsuits if the reason doesn't hold scrutiny. Problem solved. Companies like goog, facebook et.al. can easily afford this and it'll stop this ridiculous behavior. It also to some extent protects the companies. Spambots who create a million accounts can't replicate a million humans to show up at the support office, so it establishes a human:human relationship that's completely missing today. Sort of, but it's really a goog HR problem. That you can only be promoted by creating new things (even if entirely useless) and not by maintaining and supporting existing things (that customers actually want) is an HR problem. Lives on my prime shelf space, along with TAOCP and the Stevens books. Which is why it is so vital for anyone with at least minimal tech know-how to run their own email infrastructure. The Internet is only a meaningful concept if it consists of peers running standard decentralized protocols. If all we had was a few giant corporations with proprietary apps and proprietary protocols, that's not the Internet. As I post every time on these email discussions, the difficulty of running your own email infrastructure is vastly overstated on HN. The more people do it, the better off the Internet world is for all of us. > that Google occasionally puts delivered emails in the Spam folder The thing with gmail is that this is true even even for legitimate email from long-known connections when the path is gmail to gmail! Even worse, it can be true within a gmail-hosted corporate space, so email from your boss ends up in spam! So it's nothing specific to whether you host it or not, it's just a reflection on gmail's spam false positive rate being particularly bad. Yes, with Java you can. That's how the web/application server containers worked (probably still do, but I've been disconnected). The server classes have different permissions from the application code classes (loaded from the .war/etc files). If an application code method calls into a system class, the permissions which apply are those or the application since that method is in the calling stack frame. I wrote this support into several Java web container and J2EE application server products back in the day. AFAIK, all that still works great today in Java. This "bureacucracy" is very necessary if security is at all a concern. Solarwinds is hot to talk about right now but it has always been the case that having a build download code willy-nilly is a recipe for getting attacked. In any security conscious organization the only way to pull dependencies is from a local trusted repository. And the only way they get placed there is through a review process. I've had my setup running for so many years with minimal changes so don't have recent links handy but I'll give it a shot. This also points to the fact that while the initial setup will take some reading and effort, the ongoing maintenance year to year is basically zero. Start with a good IP address (static, not residential ISP, not on any block list). Search for sites that will help check this. https://mxtoolbox.com/ has many useful bits but there are others, try them all. Set up DNS correctly, forward and reverse. Set up postfix. Tons of guides out there, here's just one list: https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/email/postfix/ Read the various guides but most importantly read the postfix documentation in detail. It is very good and has everything you need to know. Configure postfix to enforce all sanity checks that it supports during the delivery connection phase. This alone will cut off nearly all spam! Install a local MUA (mutt would be my favorite) and you're up and running and should be able to send and receive, so test that thoroughly. Probably ending up in spam at this stage but should work. Mark it not spam in recipient. Note that if you had to register a new domain name, it'll likely be penalized as too new for a good while. Set up a cert (Lets Encrypt) for postfix. Configure SPF correctly. Read online guides but also read the RFC. Again, use online tools to validate your work. SPF is great. DMARC, DKIM are more controversial and less clear-cut useful than SPF. Read about them. I do set these as well. Set the notification email so you get reports (which aren't that useful but still). Use the online tools to validate. Set up Dovecot to enable IMAP. Unfortunately the leetcode whiteboard interviewing strongly encourages this type. Even almost requires it. If all energy is spent on that, it is time not spent learning how to build stable products which can be maintained long term. Because turns out that popping out algorithm exercise code after another into source control doesn't produce a good product. But that's what current interview fad measures, thus it's what it produces. > You could've easily mistaken our team for a programming language research group at a university. I had the misfortune of working with basically this same team, on scala (of course). I argued for maintainable simple technology but scala was too hip to pass, for many. Still remember one meeting trying to decipher a bug and while reviewing the code in question the lead scala fan said "It is not reasonable to expect to understand what code does by looking at it. I'll need to go research this for a few days." I hope to never see scala (or its ilk) ever again. Give me the most stable language and environment, where every question is a FAQ and every odd behavior is documented in every book and I never need to fall into the rabbit hole of language traps. Then I can just work on building the product, which is the whole point. > the other lesson from FP: overly complex abstractions are also very bad Lisp, in its persistent failure to achieve world domination, has been teaching us this lesson for over 60 years now! Infinitely powerful languages are fun and, yes, powerful. But as soon as the project has more than one or two people in it, they also result in runaway complexity that will hurt the product far more than any gains in expressibility. K-9 Mail is great indeed. Particularly that it is available on F-Droid as I don't want to create a google account so won't/can't use their playstore. > If a few companies weren't bringing in stupid high revenues, the entire HCOL compensation for the industry would collapse. It'd return to something closer to what we saw in 2005 before the rise of the megagiants with more money than God. The companies I worked for in the 90s, well before goog or fb existed, had location-based salary tables. There's nothing post-2005 about this. > Sure, an internet connection is required. It's much worse than that. The existence of the company and their servers is required. So when those disappear, the customer-owned hardware is bricked? No thanks. No customer-owned hardware should ever depend on the continued existence of the company that sold it. > The challenge you have is that people view housing as an investment. Is there any source to this claim? "View as investment" would mean people buy the house with the specific aim of making a profit. As a middle aged homeowner in suburbia where all my acquaintances are in the same demographic, I can't think of anyone ever saying they bought a house with the goal to make a profit. People buy a house so the kids have a place to play and to stabilize the housing expenses to make budgeting easier. Whether it can be sold for a profit or not in 40 years is not a consideration. Yes, that is "secure by default". It's a very reasonable claim to make. This was a contrast to a fresh install of Windows which would get infected within minutes of being connected to the network (I'm assuming this is no longer true, but have never used windows). > Are remote exploits in minimal server installs particularly common? Extremely common, windows was infamous for this. You couldn't do a fresh install of the OS and patch it because by the time you downloaded the patch it had already been rooted just by being on the network. > Yes, if that newsletter is using best practices. Clearly that would be worst possible practices. This is why (not the only why, but an important one) I only read email with mutt. FreeBSD (and OpenBSD) are very refreshing systems. It is what Linux was once upon a time, what SunOS was way back when, if you were around and feel what that means. Cohesively put together but beautifully simple. Wherever security or reliability or maintainability matters, nothing beats simple & elegant. I've been a Linux full time user since nearly the beginning (started in '92) and been slowly migrating to BSDs for server use. Unfortunately the baroque complexity of systemd is making Linux distros more into OSX-like opaqueness. And nothing wrong with OSX, I have a Mac too and like it for what it is. But I'd never run servers on OSX, and Linux is starting to become something I'd rather not run servers on. FreeBSD is a breath of fresh air. Startups tend to get very attractive credits on AWS et.al. This is carefully designed so that by the time the bills start to roll in and become surprisingly huge, it's way too late to try to unroll the dependencies on AWS. There's definitely value in keeping options open by sticking to standard processes on Linux VMs so there is a painless migration path if and when the CFO freaks out. I'd say computers can be as fun as they ever were. When I get a rare moment of free time to hack on my personal projects, low level CLI utilities generally, that's as fun as it was hacking on the same type of tools in the 80s. But the computer industry as a profession, certainly way less fun. In the 90s Silicon Valley was places like Sun, SGI, HP, Cisco; building custom hardware and software. One got to work on compilers, kernels, server code and network stacks and all kinds of projects where correctness and performance mattered. Rewarding fun work. Today Silicon Valley is Google (ads), FB (ads), NFLX (movies), Apple (cool, actual hardware and software product, but IMO too tightly walled-garden to be any fun). Now, of course, yes there are people still working on hard problems and low level systems but those jobs are few and far between, have no recognition anymore and don't pay well. To follow a path of career progress, it's just adware or dumb webapps. Much higher than that in higher cost states. My PG&E bill for last summer (summer pricing is higher) shows 62.4c per kWh afternoons & evening to midnight. I don't know where that website is getting its info but it is way off from reality. The cheapest possible PG&E (Silicon Valley) rate is off-peak (after midnight) winter rate. Looking at my January bill here right in front of me, that rate is $0.16675 for transmission + $0.05525 for generation. So that's 22.2c/kWh. That's the cheapest it ever gets. The most expensive tier is peak (afternoon to midnight) in the summer, 62c/kWh. Sorry but you're way off. Please take a look at an actual PG&E bill. A problem is that conserving doesn't in the end produce any cost savings, which is a perverse disincentive to conserve. Water during the CA droughts a few years ago is a perfect example. Water agencies asked people to conserve water. So people did. A lot. Water agencies promptly freaked out because their revenue decreased. Of course it did, people were conserving water. So they increased the base rates (the amount they'll bill you even if consumption is zero) to compensate (and then some). In my town, base rate went from a few dollars to almost $80. So even though my consumption went down about 20% from my efforts to conserve, my monthly bill went up from around $40 to near $100. So what's my incentive to conserve? Certainly not. The average summer day in San Francisco is foggy, windy and cold. Coat weather all year. Actually nice (>80F, sunny) days in San Francisco are rare. "Baking" days, are more like once in a decade. Sure, that's a good goal. I spent a lot of effort, time and money to optimize and reduce water consumption as much as possible. Low-flow everything, upgraded appliances, redid the yard and all sprinkler plumbing, all for the idea of conserving water. It is quite a gut punch to then have the water bill increase more than 100% because the water agency is solely focused on how much profit they are making, instead of caring about conservation. Exactly! I wish they'd set the base rate to like $1 (just to cover sending the bill) and substantially increase per-gallon cost. That would incentivize conservation. Unfortunately the water agency only cares about the profit they make and could not care less about conservation. EV rate, yes. Off peak price is 22.2c/kWh in the winter (cheaper), it's higher in the summer. > Do the tapes still look okay? In the last couple months I've just been digitizing my old VHS tapes from late 80s to early 90s. (As well as my 8mm tapes from late 90s.) Happily, all of them have been in great condition. > The least reliable way to package and distribute software is by relying on traditional package managers. Checks and balances produce reliability. Having a packaging process and people distinct from the code author validating and enforcing it, most certainly produces much more reliable, secure and stable packages and distributions. Sure, it's slower. Slower is actually a feature in this use case. Having anyone push out their code to the world without any constraints or care, breaking compatibility day to day, that is certainly faster and easier. But reliable, certainly not. This is the culture that produces leftpad debacle and assorted malicious packages regularly. When an interview process produces the output 'doesn't know how to do basic things' on a "vast majority" of experienced people who've been doing said things daily for years, the most obvious conclusion is that the interview process is flawed. The important things people must buy are exactly the same in 1950 and indeed for millenia before. Food, water, shelter, clothing. Luxuries change century to century and within decades but those hardly matter for inflation since those are by definition not necessities. > I don't think we should be including basic necessities alongside improvements in entertainment in the same statistic, because it will just hide problems. Exactly. But you can buy a 50" TV today for less than the price of a car! That hardly matters to anyone struggling to pay rent and the supermarket bill. New languages lack most of what is needed to be highly productive. Tooling is minimal to none. Libraries are sparse and still catching up, this takes many years. Many gotchas remain undiscovered and will bite you in production. To get actual product work done with optimal efficiency, a mature ecosystem will always win. Same. I've always had 3rd party cookies disabled for as long as the option has existed (which is a long, long time). Never noticed any problem to me. I did that exact routine so many times! It's not really Silicon Valley anymore without Weird Stuff and Fry's. Of course, the valley companies aren't really tech companies anymore either. Just adware wrapped in tech, so sad. That employment application is seriously funny. So precise. > Children in the West today already spend more time with parents than at any point in the past That's not what the article says. It compares to just 50 years ago, which is well into the industrialized world of two working parents in the office away from home. Just a bit farther back, like with my grandparents era, kids grew up on the family farm, with their parents 24x7, learning by example from them. This is pretty universal advice, yes, in most (all?) skywatching tutorials. The astrophotography rabbit hole is deep, infinitely expensive and the learning curve is steep. It's a lot more sensible to start with visual observation. (That said, I ignored the advice because really wanted to do photography more than anything else.) Yes, M42 (Orion Nebula) is spectacular and doesn't take much equipment or dark site. I have a large framed photo of M42 on the wall here which I took with just my DSLR from my driveway near streetlights. I've been shopping for my first telescope for about 18 months now (not entirely my first, I had an ok-quality small refractor as a child.) Every time I've read so much that I know for sure what type I want, I read something else that makes me question what I want. So it's a complicated decision! Install http://stellarium.org/ and get to know the stars from your location. Even if you end up getting a "goto mount" (where you enter the desired object and it finds it for you) you still have to align it so you'll still need to know and be able to find the stars it needs! So learning the constellations and stars is a must, you can get started on that before buying anything. Join https://www.cloudynights.com/ forum and read lots. There's a beginner area there as well. It's a very active forum. If it wasn't for covid, join a club and go to watch parties to actually test viewing through all kinds of telescopes. Consider carefully where you'll keep it and where you'll use it. If you have a yard where you can keep it in a shed and roll it a few feet away to use you may not care about size and weight. But if you'll be carrying it down stairs and commuting to a darker view site on a bicycle, priorities are entirely different. Seems like a Dobsonian is the overwhelming suggestion in this thread. Do consider that for example the Orion 8" Dobsonian is 41 pounds and over 4 feet long. Does that fit with your storage, transport and usage location constraints? Whatever you buy, don't get something so cheap that the quality is so terrible it makes you give up. What this calls the "category 1": http://www.scopereviews.com/matrix.html If, against all advice, you want to do astrophotography, this flips some of the requirements. For photos, spend most of your budget on the mount, not the telescope. In fact you don't really need a telescope, just a good mount and a DSLR camera (this is what I've been doing the 18 months I've been shopping for a telescope!) (I did finally get tired of analysis paralysis and ordered a telescope last month. A StellarVue 80mm triplet refractor. There are long lead times these days for telescopes so it'll be a couple months before I actually receive it.) Absolutely. I severely dislike the "bug scrub" attitude that's prevalent in some places that amounts to just closing anything that is not P1 and older than some short time window. The idea of a bug tracker is to track bugs in the product. If the bug still exists in the code, the bug in the tracker should still be open. > you will not see those kinds of stunning views. > Instead, I'd consider astrophotography. I mean, the same logic is true for astrophotography. Unless one is willing to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars in equipment and years practicing and willing to build a remote observatory on some land at a dark site, there is no picture one can ever take that isn't already taken in far superior quality here https://welcome.astrobin.com/ But it's fun to see things with own eyes and take photos with very own camera. > If you believe that, then why ratchet them up just because the property is sold? An argument here is that it's about budgeting and predictability. If I choose to buy a $1M property today, I need to consider and budget for the $10K+/yr in taxes on it because I know full well that's what I'll have to pay. If that doesn't work for me, I don't have to buy it. But someone who bought a $50K property and responsibly budgeted for the $500 in taxes on it will be severely punished through no fault of their own if that $500 becomes $10K. > Why should some whose house went from $200k to $2M be getting a tax break? Because they bought a 200K house and budgeted for taxes on a 200K house. The paper estimate of it being worth 2M right now doesn't change anything about the house they actually live in. > where the wealthy could buy their way out of taxation This is literally the opposite. If you buy (a property), you'll have the taxes based on what you bought. You can't buy your way to a lower tax rate. > express worry about the millionaires who own the houses You don't become a millionaire just because the paper value estimate of your house becomes larger. A low-income person who scraped by to buy a modest home in a cheap area doesn't become any less low-income just because suddenly the demographics change and rich people move in. Forcing them out of their home where they have built their life just so one more rich newcomer can get in, is not fair. For example, East Palo Alto. A home is not a share of stock to be traded for economic benefit. A home is a home. Where your children are born and grow up. Where you get to know the neighbors and become part of the community. It's not an investment and should not be taxed based on the highest bidder. > I don’t see why people with money should have the right to force people out of their homes. Agreed. Opposition to prop13 essentially is a statement saying that whoever has more money because they hit it rich on an IPO deserves the right to kick out established residents just because they have more money. Exactly. A home is a home. It's not a share of stock to be sold to the highest bidder. The whole point of buying a home is to establish roots in one place and become part of the community and see your child grow up there. > Because they paid tax on a gain that wasn’t real. Exactly. Imagine one bought GME at $10. It rose to $350+ because the market went nuts. You never sold so none of that is real to you. And the IRS comes back saying you now must pay taxes on your GME shares based on the $350 valuation because someone else paid that much for it. Fortunately stocks don't work that way. A home shouldn't either. > Their web UI also has always been miles ahead. I'd strongly disagree (been on DO since about 2012 and on Linode a few years earlier; I still use both). DO UI is ok these days but years ago Linode UI was far better in every way. Same here, I use both but prefer Linode in every aspect. Much better support and reliability in particular. I moved a few very low-end hosts to DO when the $5 price point appeared but have never been overly impressed. Later Linode matched prices so no real reason to look into DO anymore. But I do still use both. Partly to avoid migrating the DO hosts I have but more because I just like to keep aware of how both are evolving. I mean that was terrible, but I know full well that every company ever will have dumb vulnerabilities occasionally, so by that metric I could never use anyone. I'm puzzled by the praises on DO UI, since in the early days in particular I always found it intolerably terrible. Far less useful than Linode UI. Nowadays it's ok, but Linode is still has better UI. > Early adopters bought their way out of taxation I wouldn't phrase it that way because it's not what they did, even if decades down the road it turned out that way (it could well have gone the other way like it did for homeowners in Detroit years ago). What they did was buy a home they could afford, based on monthly mortgage + taxes payments, which is the entirely reasonable and responsible thing to do. Having the property tax balloon out of control and out of any conceivable affordable range due to actions of other people in the area, is hardly fair. > So you feel the right solution is to give millionaires massive tax breaks and have middle class folks who can barely afford a house pick up the slack? I did not say that so I don't mean that. If a low/middle class person buy the house they can afford to pay and live in it, they don't become millionaires just because other people around them bought houses more expensively later. They're most likely still in the same career earning that same low/middle class income. They don't have any additional money to pay much higher property taxes, they are certainly not millionaires. Tax them after sale, sure, if the property value is still high when they sell (it might not be). > People who made a $50k leveraged bet They did not "make a leveraged bet". They bought a home to live in and watch their child grow in it. Not everyone looks at real estate as a investment vehicle to maximize profits. It's just a home. It's not healthy for society to view homes merely as if they were shares of stock to be traded for maximum value. If you want to make leveraged bets, better to play the options market. Find a city and neighborhood you like and are interested in setting roots there for the long haul. Find a house that you love that can be a forever home for your preferences. Don't think of it as an investment to flip. Think of it as home. After the purchase, no need to ever look at the property value estimates again. Just live it. I don't know anything about Shadowstats, no opinion on that. But the fact that prices have risen far faster than the official inflation numbers suggest is a trivially confirmable fact. Just look at what you paid for things years ago and now, compute percentage increase. Compared to ten years ago: My electric bill is 10x. My water bill is 6x-8x. I live in the same house and have the same consumption then and now. My supermarket costs are 5x-7x. So yes, real inflation has been pretty scary the last 10 years. On a silicon valley techie salary I can absorb these costs but it's still a huge increase. Talking with some friends the other day about this topic, I projected the numbers for the next ten years if things were to continue on this path and the result would be that in ten years I won't be able to pay utilities + food on my salary. So presumably something will change or break, because that's not sustainable. I can't tell if you're bragging or complaining. But compare to the US: I pay over $2200/month in health insurance (and company pays more on top of that). And of course there's a lot of stuff the insurance won't cover so it's typically an additional 4K-8K out of pocket on an average year. What is 'general price level', is there a formal definition for this? > increased faster than CPI is quite difficult to confirm or dispute There's nothing difficult about that. Take the cost of all necessites like utilities, food, clothing, transportation. Graph cost over time. Compute percentage change year to year. Observe that the increase is higher than officially reported inflation rate. None of these steps is difficult. > Close to zero have them for several years, let alone decades. So they usually go by memory and cherry picking. I have all my finances categorized in GNUCash back to the late 90s. Most of my friends seem to also have similar data, whether in quicken or elsewhere, so I doubt it's close to zero. A well-designed future email system prohibits tracking. I greatly suggest to everyone to attend car control clinics regularly (or even at least once in your life, but regularly would be best). It should be part of driver ed but it sadly isn't, so one needs to take initiative to get to them. Around $200/mo a decade ago, now always over $1000/mo. Also, in 1990 it was ~$140/mo. Inflation was quite gradual from 1990 to 2010, the last 10 years have been brutal. I'm very worried about this, to be honest. There doesn't appear to be anything even remotely close to a proper replacement for uMatrix. The thought of going back to the relentless spyware that is the web today (without uMatrix) is literally scary. Someone here (long-ago thread) suggested uBlock Origin but it doesn't come anywhere near the functionality of uMatrix. I'll continue using uMatrix and it continues to work perfectly but if Mozilla ever breaks it with incompatible changes, I'm at a loss what to do. Keeping fingers crossed it works for a long time. I'd be happy to pay substantial money for something like uMatrix. I hope you had local copies! All cloud storage should be treated as ephemeral (some more than others, particularly google). It will change terms or go away at some point. Only local storage owned by you is actually, well, owned by you. If it is something that matters, keep it locally. That is something else to be aware of, you're right. I only buy non-DRM content. Ideally, DVDs or CDs I'll rip myself (then the physical media is a second layer of backup). Most of my storage volume is my own photography though. RAW files take a lot of space. It is so sad and misguided from Apple. I remember when OSX 10.0 came out. A nice Apple UI on BSD core! I immediately rushed to buy an Apple laptop, my first Apple product ever (only Linux/Solaris/otherUNIXs before that). Been on Apple desktops ever since. But the decline in the last several years has been sharp and no longer tolerable to me. I'm still on a Mac dekstop but I'm on 10.11 and will never upgrade. As OSX becomes closer and closer to an iOS-style user-hostile walled garden, I'm not interested. It'll be back to a Linux (maybe, BSD) desktop after this machine no longer works. Very concisely and correctly put, agreed. I sometimes work on the infosec side of the house. It's easy to point at vulnerabilities due to endless memory access problems in C code and fixate on that. And it's true, so it feels satisfying. Just rewrite everything in not-C and this is fixed! And that's true as well. But remeber here the word "this" refers to the memory access bugs. It doesn't refer to vulnerabilities in that sentence. Plenty of systems without a single line of C/C++ code and we have no shortage of ways to break in anyway. So in one sense, everything changed. But wearing the black hat, nothing really changed since I compromised the system anyway. A new language without all the engineering process parent post describes, won't magically get there. For an existing system "just rewrite everything" will guarantee way more bugs for years to come simply because the old system has been battle-tested and reinforced for years. In the long haul the rewrite will converge to a better state but that haul is long (and assumes budget will remain in place long enough, which might not happen so you end up with a half-baked rewrite). For new systems starting from scratch that may in any way ever be run in a security relevant context, sure, starting with not-C is a good idea today. Unfortunately Rust seems to be the only alternative for use cases where C was actually needed (if it could be written in Java or Go or Python or ... then it didn't really need to be in C in the first place). And sadly rust is fairly user-hostile language so my guess is plenty of new projects will start with C for a long time due to lack of friendly alternatives. And tooling. If some service suddenly tries to charge 17K it's almost certainly an error on their part. With autopay that error can propagate into draining your account and then all your other autopay accounts that come later get rejected and you'll get penalties and late charges on those. The first provider, the one who made a mistake, can be talked into correcting it (hopefully anyway). But all the other penalties you'll be responsible for since your account was indeed empty. So there are real risks to autopay. Maybe not too frequent, but good to be aware. The author is just not familiar with mature software engineering process. I wish the open source world was more attentive to proper release compatibility, it would make everyone's life so much better. It does take a bit of discipline but it's really not difficult at all. At Sun there was strict adherence to release taxonomy and interface contracts, along the lines with what has recently been getting called "semantic versioning". An interface was anything something external could depend on. Any library or other code must document its public interfaces. That's not just API calls, but all public touch points something might depend on. The author gets to decide what is part of the public and what isn't. That documentation is the contract. If anything in the set of public interfaces ever changes in an incompatible way, that forces a major release increment. Ideally you never do that. But if you must, it's a new major release number so everyone knows. Having this documented contract makes everyone's life easier and more predictable. Consumers of the library know exactly on which interfaces and behaviors they can count on not ever changing unless the major release number changes. The author of the code knows exactly when they need to declare a new major release. Personally on all my open source projects I faithfully maintain this discipline, so if you depend on 1.x of anything I write, it will never break compatibility on public interfaces until I call it a 2.0 and then you know. Well you can't, slowing down is a must. Blindly taking packages of executable code to be embedded in your code from anyone and everyone in the world who can publish a dependency is very flawed. It only mostly works because most people are nice most of the time but that's not a process one can trust. I understand the desire for these free-for-all package distributions where every tool has it's own library downloader and anyone can publish anything... but the model is inherently incompatible with security. On the provider side, there needs to be a strict process of validation and code reviews to get any code changes into a public library. On the consumer side, there needs to be the will to take personal responsibility to curate everything that is imported and minimize dependencies. There's no shortcut to secure code. > it is _good_ to black box things ... to teams you can 100% trust and whom are in the same sphere of responsibility. So yes, take a binary library blindly from the team down the hall who reports to the same VP. From an unknown rando on the internet, not so much. Indeed. We make some 25x what my parents did, but with them I grew up in a property with a wonderfully large house and many acres of land. Yet here I am stuck in tiny house with no yard to speak of and couldn't possibly afford anything more given current cost of housing and land. > Larger house sizes. From a median of about 1000 sq ft in 1950 to 2300 sq ft today. Maybe it's a California thing, but not so sure about that. House I grew up in was over 3000sqft and can't think of any friends that had houses smaller than (estimating here) about 2500sqft (in the 70s to 80s). Myself and friends were all lower middle class families. Land and housing was just so cheap then that it was normal. And yet today, not a single house in this (much more recently built) neighborhood is over 2000sqft. Most of the models are 1300-1500sqft. And of course these houses cost ~40x what my parents paid for the house. I think nearly every C programmer has gone through the phase of Oooh I'll write my own string library! Sure, that works. Except you have to call system libraries and all kinds of other external functions all of which naturally assume the conventional char arrays. So you spend a bunch of time converting back and forth until eventually realizing it's silly, just learn the convention and go with it. > The key to their failure was that they never put the pieces together. > So agile is a bunch of techniques to let people work together Never integrating the parts until the end has nothing to do with not having used "agile". It's just terrible engineering. Quality engineering work has been getting done for decades before the agile cargo cult of daily status meetings aka "agile". > I think Agile is best learnt by first failing a 1-million dollars Waterfall project. Very high quality engineering work has been getting done ages before "agile" status-reporting was invented and it was often not waterfall (I've been around the industry since the 80s and have never done "waterfall" - the false dichotomy of agile vs. waterfall is a myth). Yes, true. But this points at the annoying thing about how the agile cult attempts to take over credit for the good engineering practices that all existed before agile became a thing. All agile adds on top is the annoying parts (relentless status meetings, treating developers as faceless interchangeable "resources") that make life worse than it was before. RPN is so nice and efficient, can't imagine using anything else. I like that the OSX calculator does RPN. But mostly I use my old 28S which is next to my keyboard always. Also have a 50g on the desk, but I prefer the 28S. Interesting, that's certainly broken of the OSX calc. Admittedly I only use the OSX calc for very basic +-*/ operations. Anything more than that and I grab the 28S! This is because media and government (in various computations) use CPI when talking about inflation, so it is natural for them to become used interchangeably. Since CPI doesn't reflect inflation, it is natural to criticize it for failing at that. Maybe it was never meant to reflect inflation, but that seems about as futile as trying to argue for the proper, original meaning of the term "hacker", not what media made it to be. Electricity prices have gone up substantially last 10 years. Exactly. If whatever metric that is being used does not reflect the inflation a real person experiences, then the metric is simply wrong (or more generously, it measures something else, not inflation). That is a wonderful and very telling graph. Also interesting to note that everything that has becomes cheaper is optional spend (except clothing) that one can do without. Everything above the line which has become more expensive are things which are more necessary. The trend to value aesthetics over all else (particularly functionality) is very unfortunate and leads to the current crop of software that is mostly useless for anything other than the very linear basic use case of a beginner. I get to sit in many user testing sessions and while well-intentioned, the environment of observing someone who has never seen the system before do a few very basic tasks naturally selects for a design that optimizes for that use case. But in real life use, nobody gets to have less than an hour of experience with the system for more than one hour of their life. But now every subsequent hour spent using the system is hobbled by the limitations of that first hour. Good thing for me that I mostly just still use emacs, mutt and zsh, or I'd go crazy. This infantilization of users can be seen in industries far removed from software even. Look at sailboats from the 70s and 80s, mostly designed for usability at sea. Visit a boat show today and new boats are optimized for the initial 20 minutes someone spends touring them at the show, making them mostly terrible for life at sea. Doctors and lawyers certainly have a much easier hiring process, from all the ones I know. And in both fields experience is respected, the opposite of software development. Doctors in particular (with residency) and lawers to a lesser degree (bar exams) have a more difficult path into the profession. But they don't have to prep and go through the bar exam for every single interview after that. It would be unthinkable to make an established surgeon balance chemical reaction equations or something obscure like that from their undergrad days as part of the interview! But that's what software engineers must deal with. > you've already passed a pretty high bar to become a SWE The problem with the algorithm/leetcode style is that you can run it at a very high bar and you end up selecting people extremely skilled at that one thing, but which has very little to none correlation with shipping reliable & maintainable production code. I've never needed to hire (and surely never will) people who can reverse binary trees with a hand tied behind their back, so that style of interview is not a meaningful signal. Definitely not. The vast majority of computer science and software engineering practice needed for successful product delivery was developed back in the 50s to the 70s and has not substantially changed since. The library and framework of the week is not fundamental experience. I always advocate computer science training really needs more history of the discipline. So many new languages and libraries turn out to be a rediscovery of ideas thoroughly explored in decades prior, just that the creator didn't know. An orthopedic surgeon gets new types of tools and implants in their toolbox through their career, but the structure of the bones they operate on is the same forever. It's the same with software. > somehow you're going to need to prove yourself A doctor can do a whole lot more damage than the vast majority of software engineers, and yet doctors don't have to start this proving process from the ground up every job change. > I don't understand how anyone can think that 7 or more years of med school and grueling residency is somehow easier than studying Leetcode for a few weeks or months. It's obviously easier if done only once. But doctors go through education & residency once and then start their careers. Software engineers need to repeat this every job change for no reason. > Do physicians have to perform surgery to demonstrate their knowledge when they change hospitals? And even that wouldn't be comparable, since they'd be observed on something they actually do every day as part of their real job. In software the interview drills are about thing nobody ever does as part of the real job, so one won't have any recent experience doing algorithm tricks. Exactly, the company needs to know whether to tell the other candidates in queue to go away, or pause for a while. They can't wait indefinitly so an expiration on the offer is reasonable. That said, don't take the expiration date too seriously, it's not a hard deadline. If you want a bit more time just say so. It's hard to get a fixed answer because there is no fixed answer. Only government jobs have a strict predefined salary, private industry everything is negotiable. The role may be advertised at a certain level but most of the time there is flexibility in going up or down a level based on candidate experience and how badly you make them want you. So 80K-180K can be a perfectly feasible range for the same job posting. They are although often it's not even an intentional bluff. It's just part of the HR offer letter template so there it is. You want more time just ask. Never seen a company (either as interviewer or interviewee) say no. And these vintage A/C outlets and power cords. Imagine if we had to rewire the house and all appliances with the frequency of USB connector changes! I use a lot of technology I guess some would consider vintage. It is not due to any specific preference for vintage or as a vintage hobby. It's just that a lot of the older products are so much better for the consumer. It makes me sad because we have the technology and resources as an industry to make so much better products than ever before, but we just don't focus on quality for the consumer anymore. Can we collectively care to do better? Today main product design drivers are collecting usage data and selling it to advertisers, enforcing dependency on cloud services, preventing repairability and ownership (vs. ongoing licensing). All these factors improve recurring revenue for the producing company but all of them are anti-features for the consumer. All my cars are older and will forever be. No TV screen on the dash to go bad, no integrated CAN bus making diagnostics and repair a nightmare, no fly by wire nonsense. No phone-home spyware or OTA update horrors. If a relay goes bad it's a physical relay I can swap, easy. And so on, everything is fixable. I unpacked my old Wii to play with my son. All the games are on DVD, so I own them, they won't disappear from the cloud, no dependency on internet connectivity, no subscriptions to pay. For music in the house I run many squeezebox devices. The server is self-hosted and open source, no dependency on anything external, no subscriptions or cloud service to be suddenly cancelled. > Fuel efficiency is worse in older cars On fleet-wide average, for sure. But not for all cars. One of my cars (daily commuter pre-pandemic) is a late 80s Honda CRX, it gets nearly 40 MPG. Even in 2021 many (probably most) cars can't match that kind of efficiency. (Energy cost per mile is lower than for my partner's electric Fiat 500e!) The car that makes me sad and almost angry is the original CRX HF (mine is not an HF). This is a car that got over 50MPG with mid-80s engine technology! https://jalopnik.com/1986-honda-crx-hf-393147 If Honda had continued developing the HF engine, what kind of mileage could an evolved 2021 CRX HF be getting today? We'll never know, but I'd guess over 70MPG. > Why not pay someone else to change the battery? You can of course always pay for service if you don't feel like doing it. But that's missing the point. With older cars you have a choice of DIY or pay someone. With newer BMWs or example, even something as trivial as changing the battery requires dealer intervention because the ECU is coded to the battery (for no reason whatsoever, other than proprietary lock-in). Today, there are still independent BMW-certified mechanics who have access to the proprietary tooling to do these operations so if you make friends with one, you can still change a battery yourself. But nothing prevents BMW from cutting them off someday and then you're truly stuck with a dependency on the dealer. And what happens when BMW decides your model is no longer supported because they want you to buy a new one? No thanks. I'll have older cars which can be fixed mechanically without any DRM nonsense. > inductive charging from the road into the car Society can't (for $REASONS) even get potholes reliably fixed in roads. The probability of something like installing inductive charging on every mile of interstate is effectively zero. > You’re paying into a pool for the neediest to use. Yes, that's the definition of insurance. Insurance company takes money from everyone (say, for car insurance) but only pays out to a few (those who crash their car). As any insurance broker will happily tell you, the smaller the pool of people you belong to, the higher the premiums because they can't spread the risk as wide. Thus, a 100K+ employee company can buy health insurance for their employees at a better rate than a 4 person startup. The optimal group size for an insurance pool is: everyone in the whole country. Maximum pool size, risk is spread as widely as possible, cost is minimized. > In 2021 I don’t see any reason to use perl over python3 anymore Regex handling is still far nicer in perl than anywhere else, so for any script which is primarily about string parsing with regular expressions, perl is the right tool for the job. I started learning knots by having a sailboat where they are undeniably useful. However, after learning a handful, they end up being useful in all areas of life wherever one needs to hold something to something else (in a car, on a bike, in the yard when it's windy, endless possibilities). To echo others, if you have interest to learn just one thing, learn the bowline. You can get through life knowing just that. Agreed. I worked with a team who was heavily into scala and one of their beliefs was that all the smartest people want to work on scala, thus having the company use scala will filter only the smartest people to want to work for us. You absolutely do not need a controlling HOA just to maintain common areas. My neighborhood considered a HOA for the common park areas but in the end the land was transferred to the city and maintenance is paid via property taxes. No HOA to tell us what flowers we can plant. Agreed. It should be illegal for a HOA to have any involvement in such decisions within personal property. You can't exactly jump start an electric car. As the article explains, SMS is just plain insecure. So attempting to rely on it for MFA is worse than nothing (worse, because it allows attackers to lock out legitimate user). Ignoring security (not that we should), it's just a massive pain from a pragmatic point of view. As others note, right when an SMS MFA is triggered is most of the time when I can't receive an SMS, so everything breaks when I actually need access. Much easier solutions exist today at more convenient adoption at scale, like email and TOTP. > Email is hardly beter than sms, and we do password resets over email. Email is certainly far more secure. Consider the steps an attacker would need to do to be able to intercept an email being sent from the service being accessed (say, your bank) to your email server provider. > If you want to run a current F1 car in 40 years Never mind 40 years, F1 cars of even a couple years ago become impossible to run because just getting the engine started requires custom equipment and knowledge that often doesn't seem to be preserved year to year. Recommended. Always use different fake answers to everything, be sure to log them in wherever you keep your passwords managed though. Funny how my best friend from high school is named yiKooPh2 (not a real value of course). > Having username+password+sms is strictly safer than having username+password. No, it is unfortunately actually much worse. If the account only has name+password and you use a properly good password, nobody will ever guess it (within the lifetime of the universe and all that). But if the account also has a phone number and the attacker can trigger an SMS challenge to reset the password, now your wonderfully complex password is meaningless. The attackers just intercepts the SMS and done, they own the account. It is equivalent to the problem of allowing "security questions" with trivially discoverable answers. A site may enforce 20+ character passwords (great!) but then forces user to enter the name of their best friend in high school (trivially findable in e.g. facebook for most people) and lets any attacker bypass the password with just the so-called security questions, rendering the strong password meaningless. > Water damage would also prevent access to MFA apps like Google Authenticator. No, since you can back up the seed in a secure location. If you need a challenge code it's because you're connecting to something, so it's a given that internet connectivity is present. Which means you could also receive an email, far more secure than SMS. Or the site could just use TOTP. SMS is far less secure than a code via email. Also often less accessible, in the circumstances where those SMS challenges show up most often (traveling, for instance). > SMS is not secure. Neither is email. That's too much of a simplification. At an absolute level, true. But security is relative and needs to be measured with the threat models you care about. Intercepting an email from your bank (let's say) to your email server (whoever provides it) is in practice exceedingly difficult, requires the attacker is in control of a transit point between them. Intercepting SMS, as described in the article, is trivial and can be done by just about anyone who cares to go for it. It is much worse, if attacker can use the SMS to bypass the password entirely and own the account. Yes, for sure. I use cookie autodelete to remove all cookies as soon as the tab is closed, so nothing lingers. Thanks for the video link, very enlightening. It is disturbing that these are allowed on public streets, its driving skill is far below even the most nervous beginner. That's a great way to put it, agreed. Purely from a software perspective, that's quite something. But as a driver on public streets? Astoundingly terrible and very dangerous. Move fast and crash things. > Human driving tests are hilariously easy. I bet it would pass with flying colors. Driving tests are indeed way too easy, however, the level of driving seen in these Tesla videos would get any human driver a fail on the test. Just the constant indecisive jerking of the wheel would be a fail, let alone all the near crashes. > "how much better is it than human drivers?" If you watch the videos in the thread, the answer is it is far worse than the worst human driver you've ever seen. But San Francisco isn't Silicon Valley. For most of the history of Silicon Valley, SF wasn't any part of it. It is only in the last decade (roughly) that a handful of high profile companies have established in SF, so arguably, perhaps, SF is today part of Silicon Valley. Even today, none of FANG is HQ'd in San Francisco. Your definition of nice is pretty over the top, even by SV standards, if you'd need 12K/mo to find a place. An overwhelming majority of freedom loss topics RMS has warned about have gone from sounding silly to being true. > work provided a venue to solve interesting problems with interesting people I wish there was a way to find a more balanced work culture (in the USA, other countries may have this already) to be able to continue solving interesting problems with interesting people, as you say, but also live life outside work. I'd give anything to be able to work maybe 15-20 hours a week at half or a even a third of my salary. But employers will only take 60 hours a week of full-steam burnout, or zero. Realistically you can't retire, not with two pre-teen kids. But you can take a comfortable number of years off though and it is very nice to do that. Decompress, spend tons of time with those pre-teen kids while they still are that age. I took about 3 years off in my 40s when my child was starting elementary school. Spent all my afternoons playing with the kid and all mornings (school time) working on my personal projects at home. Highly recommended! With 2.8M while you can't retire forever, you also won't have any urgency to find a new job so you can be picky when you start looking, like I was. Finding a new job can be difficult if you're desperate for it, but with no urgency you can hold out for a great job. In the very short term, that can be true. If you intend to move in a year or two, sure. Rents only ever go up, whereas a mortgage can only go down (in a refinance). A mortgage ends and so do the payments, but a renter will pay ever increasing rents forever. It gets particularly painful after retirement on a fixed income. Things to consider! I had way less savings (but enough to live comfortably at least 5 years and maybe another 5 penny-pinching if I had to) and it wasn't stressful. I suggest setting up a solo consulting business up front. I didn't think of doing that, did it in the third year and only after someone contacted me asking for some consulting help. I did then have a couple clients for consulting but I only worked a couple hours a week and not every month so it was minimal-to-none at best. But it did give me a legitimate entry in the resume as consulting business owner. Maybe that helped. I was very worried about the gap but it was a non-issue. Most places didn't ask at all. The few that did, I told them I wanted to be a stay-at-home-dad for a while and spend time with the kid (true) and everyone was "wow, very cool!" (I'm in Silicon Valley, culture might be different elsewhere.) It's hard to say how long it took me to find a new job because I didn't exactly look for one. After setting up the consulting gig I started thinking it would be great to find enough consulting work to fill about 20hrs/wk and just keep doing that. So I started reading my linkedin messages instead of ignoring them. I'd respond to the recruiters saying I'm not looking for a full time role but I'd be open to part-time consulting for their project. No takers, I wish companies were more open to part-time help. One of those recruiters ended up being more persistent and convinced me to go in for interviews even though I didn't want a FT role. Ended up liking the team so took the offer. I was at a principal engineer/architect level before and after. I obviously don't know your situation but given your high savings and the age of the kids, it's a great opportunity to spend time with them now. 80K in California for a family with two kids isn't really that much. Probably we've all seen the articles on how 100+K income in Silicon Valley falls as "low income": https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-44725026 And those pre-teen kids will be college kids later at which point OP will need far more than 80K/yr. Agreed. Text messages are great for very short immediate ping messages, like "I'm here" when I drove to pick someone up. But for anything that takes more than about 5 words, please send me an email instead. None of that can happen if you don't enter your credit card or bank info into your phone. Treat it as just a phone and it doesn't matter. Phone operating systems have so many issues that there's no way I'll trust them with any important data. > Just talk to Visa. Yes, just call them. By regulation, you're not liable for unauthorized use of credit card (specifically, credit card). As a consumer you have zero concerns about card theft. My 14 year old Motorola Razr doesn't receive any security patches. Sad how gadgets become ever more brittle and unreliable as they get newer. At the end of the day, that's really the only safe way to use a phone. This hits the nail in the head. For a phone, open source doesn't matter and Linux doesn't matter. It's all about for who's benefit the product is built. I like the phrasing of having a phone "on my side". In a recent thread here on obsolete hardware I was commenting how up to the fairly recent past products were built with the idea of competing on features the user wanted (or at least presumably wanted). But no longer - in the last ten years that has shifted in too many industries to be all about features that the company wants (spyware, tracking, DRM, cloud lock-in, and on and on). The phone duopoly is a poster child of this evil trend. Neither platform puts the user first and into the drivers seat. So no, I don't want an open source phone nor a Linux phone, specifically. (Not saying I'd mind if one or both are true, that'd be cool, but not a deciding factor.) I want a phone where I the customer are in full control of what it does. I must be able to override anything the OS wants to do and to override anything any app wants to do. I'm a developer too, but no, sorry, the user comes first. They're paying the bills and your salary. If your app needs to get info that benefits the user (as the mapping app GPS example), nobody will deny it because it makes sense. If your app wants to get info that benefits you but not the user, it only makes sense for that data to be denied (preferably) or faked (as a backup plan). You have no right to it. Indeed. For anyone who grew up in the industry after the Internet was widely available, it might be unnatural to visualize how much effort was spent on making sure the code is correct before shipping. Shipping meant producing that gold master build and sending it off to a floppy replication service and then got distributed to the store shelves. That 1.0 version was frozen until you'd ship a new version a year or more later. There was no second chance for that release, code had to be as close to perfect as possible, first time out. It started taking longer in the 90s to 00s, I don't know why. But back in the 80s if the other side hung up, they could pick up the handset again in a few seconds and keep talking to you, since it was a physically switched connection. But it didn't take too many seconds (maybe 10?) for the phone company switches to disconnect and throw a busy tone. The problem space is string handling, particularly regex use. There is no other language (that I know of, certainly no mainstream language) where regexes are the first class citizen they are in perl. In every other language regex handling varies from a bit of a chore to downright painful, where in perl it is natural. So when I know I'm writing something which is primarily text regex handling, I definitely reach for perl. I'll take a guess that you didn't grow up in the UNIX shell? perl syntax is actually highly intuitive because it copies nearly everything from pre-existing tools, shell scripts, sed, awk, and so on. perl just packaged it all into one cohesive tool. It was one of those languages where you barely need to read the manual because you can predict things because the syntax will be exactly what'd you'd guess it to be. All this, of course, if and only if you had previously grown up on shell, sed, awk and friends. For anyone who hasn't, I can totally see how perl seems like alien gobbledygook. > Perl5 has run, pretty much unchanged, for over 20 years, meaning no need to update my programs. One of my CLI tools that lives in $HOME/bin on every machine I touch, is perl code I wrote in 1990. Haven't changed it once since then, just keep copying it everywhere. > Renting money to buy something that you later sell to return the money is the same as renting the thing directly Largely true, except that by renting it directly you're also paying the additional profit margin for the middleman who took out the mortgage (rented the money) for you to be able to rent it directly. > You should have to live in a house for at least 35% of the year to not pay EXTREME taxes on it. This would incentivize ownership since renting out would be prohibitive. But for anyone who'd like to rent, those extreme taxes will just be passed on to them. Those levels of total comp are mostly in stock. Stock compensation has a non-trivial level of luck in it. Join the company at just the right moment (knowable only in hindsight) when the stock is lower and then keep vesting as the stock skyrockets. BTDT but I don't pretend it's my magnificent skills (although I'm good), it's just the luck of the draw with stock compensation. I'm just as good in other jobs where the stock performance has been lackluster. > The alternative is to develop the entire stack in house. Unlikely that you’ll do any better and meanwhile your competitors will pass you by. First, you'd never develop everthing in house. But there is a middle ground between selecting a few very well known dependencies that are nowhere near practical to do in-house (e.g. OpenSSL) and the extreme of the npm world where every one-liner is a package. Another great solution is to select a language with a rich well-tested standard library. Rely on the standard library for 80% of your utility class needs. Complement with a small number of well-known external libraries for another 20% and the remaining 10% build in-house. If one can't, off the top of their head, name every external dependency and where they come from, that's too many. > I wouldn’t say that C++ or Java have particularly rich standard libraries The Java standard library is about as rich as it gets. I rarely ever have had to use external dependencies when working on Java projects. That's not mean, it is a compliment. Although the phrase "modern development practices" makes it a loaded statement. There is much value in not constantly hopping onto every hypetrain that comes along. For a reliable project, I want to see engineering practices that favor remaining on proven stable technologies as long as possible. Let all the hypes die down, don't go down with them. My externally facing firewall at home is an OpenBSD box with an Atom C2550 @ 2.40GHz, it's plenty enough to handle all internet traffic (internal network traffic doesn't go through it). I don't have 10gig internet link at home though (who does?) > I wonder where is the breakpoint in throughput where it become useless to have more. While ATT stance of 50/10 is certainly not enough for common usages How is it not enough? That's more than double what I get. Here (in Silicon Valley) I get 23Mbps up / 1.5Mbps down. Seems plenty for nearly anything I can think of doing. With 13 months of stay at home and three concurrent zoom session running pretty much all day, it works just fine, never a hiccup. The only use case where I wish for more upload bandwidth is for uploading backups to remote servers. Advertising is the most toxic virus ruining everything it touches. TV, then Cable TV, radio, usenet, on and on. Can anything survive the destructive ravage of ads? In my dream world, all forms of push advertising would be illegal, full stop. Meanwhile, I'll put whatever effort it takes to block everything. But who defines respectfully? You can find traits which are signs of respect in one culture and yet offensive in others. The only way to reconcile that is to not attempt to impose your definition of respect onto others. Not always super easy to do, of course. > So the client is open source and guarantees end-to-end encryption regardless of what the server does. Ok, then I honestly don't care. Why should I? What operations does your client do? How would you know? If the client is open source and the build is reproducible and you can built it yourself to compare the binary with the official binary on the app store, then.. yes, you can trust that the client is guaranteeing your end-to-end encryption. If there is a snapshot of open source code which doesn't match the official binary, you have no way to know what the client you run is actually doing. That's why you should care. This has nothing to do with trusting Signal, good people. If your threat model is such that you care about secure messaging, you can't just trust a binary that's handed to you. > microservices drastically reduce complexity and mental overhead of working with a system If you only need to understand and maintain one of them, sure. That would be extremely rare though. You have to understand the entire system and all the interaction between all the parts. At which point the 10x complexity of excessive microservices will kill you. > Am I doing myself a disservice by actively avoiding shops that want to go down the k8s road? From the resume-driven-development angle, probably. I do the same though. If you prefer to work in a sane environment though, wise choice. > I felt largely the same way, but now our company has enough microservices that without something like k8s it's hard to actually sufficiently test anything well. That feels like a self-inflicted wound that will now only get worse with k8s. Any higher than senior engineer better understand the whole ecosystem at a reasonably sized company. (Sure if you're google sized, nobody will understand or even know the entire system. But nearly every company on earth is smaller than that.) > I think you still want an OS that is updated, if only for security reasons. The trick is to make it simple enough there is nothing to update. I still have and use my 2006 Motorola Razr (also have a Palm phone). Of course the razr doesn't get updates but there's nothing to update. It can't run any external code, it can't connect to anything and no sensitive data ever enters or exits it. So, it's the perfect phone. I'd pay anything for a new phone just like the Razr but with 4G or later, zero additional features. Only reason I also have the Palm phone is that 2G doesn't work everywhere anymore so I need a backup. Yes. This becomes clear when the cloud costs rise to be the largest burn in your budget and the runway keeps getting shorter and you can't migrate away because your code has tendrils deep into every AWS crevice... Given how brutally expensive AWS is, I'd say that day is long past. > CEO salaries today are still about 20-1 Base salaries are not significant to the discussion. Sometime high profile CEOs make $1 salary. What matters it the total comp, just as with any employee. Some FAANG engineers might make $175K in base salary but total comp is over 1M. > They come from diluting Wall Street. Knowing this, the whole thing is way less of an outrage. The outrage is why all that dilution goes to the CEO. Options can be granted to all employees more fairly than common these days. > Note: stock options are not stocks. You're not given a share in the company, you're given the opportunity to invest in the company. You have to put money in to _potentially_ get money back. As a technicality that's true, but irrelevant in practice. Employees receiving options are nearly always going to do a same day sale where the option is excercised and immediately sold and you get the difference. No need to put any money in. A phone in your pocket is not wealth, hard to believe this example comes up so often in these discussions. It's a gadget, a depreciating asset. Actual wealth produces more wealth, which is why the very rich get richer even while they sleep. A gadget makes its owner a tiny bit poorer every day as it depreciates. > landlords also hold little risk Landlords hold all the risk. There's risk of devaluation, risk of renters destroying property, risk of unexpectedly high maintenance costs, risk of insurance/taxes going up more than planned. If anything bad happens to the property, the renter can just walk away, the owner is stuck with it. I'm not a landlord, sometimes look into it but every time conclude that the risks are far too high for what minimal profit it might bring. So I stick to index funds. Yes! It is interesting, and quite a twist, that spam in email is by far the least of spam problems these days. I get hardly any spam ever on email anymore (on my own email server). Was going to say once a month but no, it's way less than that. And yet, I'm getting a constant barrage of spam over SMS and voicemail, there's no stopping that. And gmail spam filters are very bad, in comparison. My own email server gets way less spam than my gmail account, and never any false positives, which are a huge problem on gmail. With some numbers it is absolutely unbearable. I have a landline I've had for a very long time and it gets the infamous "extend car warranty" spam call about every other week. On my ~15 year old cell phone# I get that same call also about every other week on average. But last year I got a new phone with a new number.. wow! It is completely unusable as a phone. Relentless nonstop spam calls every hour as well as continuous SMS spam. I've had to mute everything and send everything straight to spam except for a couple known numbers that I allow through. Nobody except family will ever be able to call me on the new phone because there's no way to enable unknown calls on it without having it ring nonstop. > and yet sitll be considered poor. Well, "poor", no. But if someone who inherited vast wealth used it all up on depreciating assets (even if it is superyachts instead of phones) then yes, they'll eventually end up with no wealth. Of course, for sufficiently large amounts of wealth, it is effectively impossible to use it all up so it may take many generations. Jeff Bezos kids will never be able to be poor no matter what. > Does that impact your stance in any manner? No. The computer (depreciating asset) didn't produce any wealth. Your hard work and learning, while using it as a tool, is what produced wealth. The computer itself depreciated to zero. By "stuck with it", I meant stuck with the problem. e.g. flood damage renders the place unihabitable (nearly always not covered by insurance even), renter packs up and moves, owner is stuck with the problem and the expenses. Amusingly, I learned to program on paper because I couldn't afford a computer. I'd write all these programs during the week on paper and then on weekends go to a friendly Radio Shack to type them in and test them. And every time others (like me) remind that it's nowhere near as difficult as it's portrayed to be by the naysayers. And it will liberate your email, the most vital of internet services (think of every password recovery) from the control of arbitrary shutdowns by google et.al. Own your own destiny. You'll also get less spam and way less (none) legit emails going to spam and you'll discover how terribly bad gmail spam filtering actually is in comparison. If you're completely nontechnical, sure, don't go there. But if you're even passingly familiar with Linux administration and honestly willing to spend a week or so learning (assuming you're starting from knowing nothing about email hosting, only a couple days if you already know about SMTP and postfix), you can do it. Ongoing maintenance is nearly none. The majority of years I do nothing on my email server other than apt-get upgrade. Depends on the type of tool of course, but some tools are done and all bugs are fixed. There is no need for continuous commits if a tool is complete and functional. One of the CLI tools I use every day (minor filesystem management tool, written by me for me) hasn't had a commit since 1991. But I use it every single day, it does what it needs to do. Agreed. While talking to companies about a new role last year, I'd only unblock the phone at the specific time I was expecting a call. I did miss a few calls when recruiters called me without scheduling it first. I made it clear they needed to email me first with a call time, or I wouldn't be reachable. Sad, but that's how terrible the spam problem is on phones these days. Every other week on the old phone numbers. On the new phone# it is relentless all day, I stopped tracking and just block everything except known family numbers. Having worked with all kinds of timezone differences, I'd say the toughest one is when it is just a couple hours, like pacific to eastern. With a small difference it feels as if it is basically the same timezone so people schedule meetings with that assumption, but clearly it isn't. By the time I'm awake in California it's basically noon in EST. When most of my team was in India with a 12.5hr time difference it was actually easier because it was obvious to everyone that we're on opposite cycles so meetings were an exception and nobody expected real-time communication and acted accordingly. > Every crash that is not deliberate is an accident. If you were to define the word "accident" as "everything not deliberate", then, sure ok. But that's not how the word is typically used. There are vanishingly few real accidents in traffic. Nearly all crashes are also not intentional. The vast middle is crashes due to driver incompetence or negligence. Not intentional, but totally avoidable if the driver had done their job (pay attention, be lucid, have suitable skills). People like to call things "accidents" because it shifts blame to destiny. But reality is that nearly all crashes could have been avoided by the driver. > I can think of many cases where there was not a fuckup yet vehicles collide. And yet the examples are extreme cases, which while do happen, are very rarely the cause of crashes. The vast majority of crashes is not because someone had a seizure, it's because they weren't paying attention or were incompetent. > but we need to compare those against the cases where autopilot prevents accidents that are unlikely to be avoided by humans Right, but do any examples of this exist, ever? Your link is clearly not an example. Any aware driver would've done the same. I'm sceptical there can ever be a scenario were tesla autopilot can outdo an aware, conscious driver. Bonuses are great if they are very transparently tied to external events (exceeding revenue goals etc) and not any internal politics. Worked at one company where one could take the annual report and apply the published formula to come up with your bonus. That was great. Making it unpredictable and secret is super toxic though. At one SV hardware company we had a great fiscal year, exceed everything and then they announced that based on their super-secret bonus formula, it came out to 0.05% of target. They actually paid out that 0.05% which felt more insulting than just calling it no bonus this year. I did quit the place after that incident. A much better way to handle it was at another SV hardware company I was later. Same scenario, best fiscal year ever, etc. But bonus computation based on secret formula came to zero. This company had actual decent humans in charge (based on many events not just this one) so they acknowledged that the formula needed fixes and retroactively changed it to account for the exceeded financial targets. Sadly they still kept it secret but in subsequent quarters it did seem to track financial goals pretty well. There's also more angles than these. An engineering-focused company builds stable sustainable products for the long haul. Which means sometimes saying No to customers and to visionary product managers. On the negative side, sometimes sight of the forest is lost by focusing on perfection of each tree. One really needs all three players with equal power at the table in order to create a balanced company. > Owning a home as a form of wealth necessarily conflict with affordability. It's impossible for a home to not be wealth, unless somehow infinite houses could be built for free. So an argument can be had on how much wealth it should be and who gets to define that, but it is inescapable that it has some value. The cost of owning a house needs to always be compared to the alternative. By owning, the principal+interest payment disappears when it is paid off. Sure you continue paying other expenses. If you rent, you pay the full and increasing market rate, forever. > housing has actually been a poor investment relative to investing in the stock market Even if you wanted to think of housing as an investment, it should be compared not to the stock market but to the lifelong cost of renting, since it's one or the other (unless you plan to be homeless). > if your rent you probably spend less on rent For a while, usually yes. Long term, no chance. A mortgage can only ever go down. Rents most of the time only go up. My mortgage was initially over 3K while rent had been ~1.5K. But years later, those equivalent rents are ~5K and my mortgage is under $1K. In a couple decades when I'm retired, who know how high those rents will be? But I know exactly what my mortgage will be, $0. > In a lot of cases when renting these are taken care of by the landlord. Approximately never are any of those costs taken care of by the landlord! The renter is paying for them, plus a profit margin for the landlord. That's what rent is. The landlord isn't running a charity. Only exception is if you luck into a rental by someone who paid off the property long ago and doesn't care to charge market prices for it. > if you concentrate ownership of supply you drastically reduce the number of votes it gets Unfortunately most of the influencing of politics isn't accomplished by voting, it's done by lobbying. So it's sadly the opposite. The more you concentrate ownership, the larger those mega-landlord-corporations become and the more clout they have with the politicians. > Living in higher density areas can increase quality of life significantly, if you can walk to work, groceries, pharmacy, restaurants, friends, etc. High density cities are not the only way to have that. Another one is small villages where everything is grouped together. I easily walk to multiples of every category of place you listed even though I live in a very small town. > https://twitter.com/nextdoorsv/status/1265719788875272192 No idea where that is so can't comment on it. However, I do know that some of these sites that report propery taxes do have incorrect information. In my neighborhood (where I bought before it was built and have lived there ever since and know well who has lived for how long in each house) I see most houses on my street reported with their correct property tax but there are a few outliers which are completely wrong. Those show a property tax far lower than it ever was. If someone were to take a screenshot of the property tax reported for my street, they'd think there is a 100x difference between the lowest and the highest for similar homes. But those lowest numbers are not true. The real spread is more like 2.5x from lowest to highest. Which is not nothing, obviously, but way closer than it would seem. > But I don't because it literally takes an entire government agency to do it right. It doesn't really. If you track your expenses consistently over the years (gnucash et.al.) you can trivially plot the increase in cost of living and the acceleration of that increase last handful of years. California City is waiting, very cheap land. https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/california-city-unbuilt-... > I recognize that it's way more culturally accepted with random conversations with strangers in the USA (something I really do appreciate with US culture whenever I have visited, BTW) than what I'm used to back home. Very interesting. Where are you from that the US is comparatively more open to stranger conversation? Coming from latin america where it is the norm to end up in lively conversation with any random stranger if you share the same space for more than a minute, I've always found the US culture extremely disconnected. In the US you can stand in line at (say) the DMV for an hour and nobody talks to anyone. Yes, it's always "legos" when referring to the pieces (unless singular one piece), in my world. Agreed. Password managers are an awesome thing, and yet, thus they present an extremely juicy attack target. Too many eggs in one basket. It's an area where the right answer is to give up some convenience for better OpSec. Use a local-only password manager that can't communicate anything to anywhere. If you're optimizing for UX you're not optimizing for security. It's just how it is. My password manager can't communicate with anything, it's local only. It runs on a separate host so no, it doesn't have any browser integration. A browser is way too complex attack surface to trust. Only way I get a password is to ssh into the isolated host, decrypt password and cut & paste. Less convenient, sure. Also far more secure. > A browser is too complex but an OS and SSH aren't? Yes, most certainly. A browser is running adversarial third party code all the time as a matter of course. While browsers do a good job at isolating, expecting this to be perfect is way too fragile for a security critical requirement like putting all passwords in one basket. An isolated and minimized OS install, much easier to harden. Never runs any code you don't know about. > The multiple layers of abstraction. The AbstractFactorySingletonProxyFactoryBeans. All the singleton static classes, and builder patterns, and the stuff that just makes me shudder these days. If you chose to write that kind of code and then hate it, that's all on you. Neither the Java language spec nor the JDK make any effort to steer you into such baroque complexity. Keep it simple, best Java code is very simple. I wrote Java for about 20 years (many of them at Sun) and have never written a AbstractFactorySingletonProxyFactoryBeans or anything like it. Don't do it. > Difference between Go and Java, Java drives developers to write bloated code. Nothing in Java drives you to write bloated code with tons of classes. javac will not throw an error if you write proper simple code. If you chose, or were forced by bad team culture somewhere, to write 20 classes for what should've been one function, that's a people problem. Java didn't make you do it. That team who loves complex overengineering so much will do the same thing in whatever language they switch to someday. In ~20 years of developing in Java, I've never used Spring. It's certainly not a de-facto part of the langauge. > The solution is to have chargers at home, even slow ones. Then you have zero range anxiety. This doesn't follow at all. Range anxiety is not being able (or worrying about cutting too close) to make it while out on the road. If you stay so close to home that you can go back and charge that's not the scenario. Like when I took (pre-pandemic) our Fiat 500e to work and whether I can run an errand after work depends on the lottery of whether I can get a charger spot at the office. Or having to come up with elaborate schemes to get the car to the dealer because it's too far on one charge. The car is awesome for short errands near home but anything farther out becomes a project to manage. > In that time your car will be sitting idle and it can be topping up ready for the return trip. The example was to Monterey, a trip I do (did) very often to take the kid to the aquarium. Parking on the street, there's no charging to be had, so no, car isn't topping up. I never took the electric car to Monterey, I'd be stranded. > I bet, that when you go on a 500 mile drive, you are stopping that often to use the facilities and get some food already. Nothing changes. Certainly not. For example on a cross country trip the year before the pandemic I drove my regular car. 400 miles between fuel stops, 5-10 minute stop to fill up and hit the bathroom, ready for another 400 miles. Very easy to do over 1000 miles per day with no worries. With my Fiat 500e, it's 80 to 90 miles then stop for 3-5 hours to charge. I plan very hard to never be stuck farther than 40 miles from home with that car. For short errands in town though, it's absolutely perfect! Luckily I can own multiple cars, right tool for each job. But if I could only have one, it would not be electric. > In the US? The number of times people drive 500 miles straight is basically never despite what people here will claim. At least on the west coast (distances are longer) that's quite common. San Francisco to Los Angeles is ~400 miles. A day trip is ~800 miles, done it often. San Francisco to Portland is ~600 miles, done that very often as well. The realistic range is 80 miles (with some hills here) and that commute was about 36. Unable to score a charging station at office meant no detours and a nervous slow coast back home. > why do you keep comparing a car with 400 mile range to your ev with 80 mile range, that doesn't even have dc fast charging? I'm not doing a theoretical comparison, these are cars I can afford and actually own right now. > you should be comparing to an Ev actually meant to drive 200+ miles, teslas, mache, taycan I can't responsibly afford a tesla, mache or taycan, so not going to compare those. I can easily afford a sub-20K regular car though and it lets me do 1000+ mile day road trips. > granddaddy of OOP languages: Java. Nowhere near. There was a lot of OOP hype in the early 90s with Smalltalk and C++, so Java just went all-in (everything is in a class) on that trend of the times. > But how is this specific to "credit" cards? Don't debit cards get the same protection? No, they don't. It gets confusing because many banks do offer protections against debit card fraud, but that's entirely up to the bank and its terms of service (which of course they can change at any moment). The credit card protections are by regulation, so you can count on them regardless of bank and the banks can't change them. A debit card is a straight siphon into your bank account. The bank may or may not help in the case of fraud, depending how much they feel like retaining your business. A credit card is a strong firewall between expenses and your money, both in implementation (it's a separate account after all) and regulation (you're not liable for fraudulent use). So, in the USA always use credit cards. Avoid debit cards. I try to not have any debit cards (it can't be exploited if it doesn't exist) although lately it has been more difficult since banks insist on sending me debit cards I don't want. So I store them away, will never carry or use them. > But what if the server chose to enter $20 instead of the $10 I specified? Sure, they could. As long as you kept the receipt just show it to the credit card company and they'll reverse it. More importantly, I'd imagine the store would be heavily penalized, up to possibly losing their credit card contract which would leave them unable to accept payments if it's a recurring problem. So, it doesn't really happen. In decades of eating out a lot, never seen it (and I'm the type who checks every line item in the credit card statement so I'd notice if anything is even a penny off). So no reason to worry about it. > you enter the tip on the card machine when you put your card in Personally I hate this so much, because I want to compute the tip and it's really uncomfortable to do so with the waiter staring at me. I want them to go away and give me time and peace to do the calculation. > float you a purchase for almost 60 days Indeed! For very large payments I try to time them for the day after the close of the cycle, so I get those ~60 days of free deferral. > if you spend $300 in a month, and miss your payment by a whole month once in a while, even at a crazy 20% APR, you'll have to pay $5 Careful with this though. The interest rules are very complex. One would think you pay the interest + penalty + balance in full and that's that, but no. Once the account goes into "charging interest" mode, it keeps charging interest on subsequent months even if you pay in full as long as there is a balance on the day of the cycle close (which if you're using the card, there always will be!) The way out of that trap is, if you ever have a late payment, stop using that card entirely and pre-pay the entire balance (including charges not billed yet) before the close of the cycle. The goal is to get a statement with $0 balance. That will reset the account state to normal. > Don’t even get me started on how entrenched “Sign In With [Company]” schemes have gained traction. Absolutely! My advice is to never, ever, use these links to sign in with a different company. It is a sure fire way to lose completely unrelated accounts just because ML went crazy somewhere and banned you. (Also, on the advice front, always run your own domain for email. You need to be able to transfer it elsewhere when gmail blocks you, if you're using gmail.) > such that your balance is $0 on a given day I'm not sure about that one. Maybe getting the balance to zero on any given day (not just cycle closing day) is enough to reset the account? I don't know. But I know they'll keep charging interest every month even if you pay in full every month, once the account goes into that state due to a single delayed payment. Looks like it's called residual interest? https://www.thepennyhoarder.com/debt/residual-interest/ OTOH if the elders of your family are not hacker tinkerer types, they're not going to install an alternate app store even if that was possible on iOS. So the existence of an alternative wouldn't change their usage or your need of involvement at all. It just provides a way to run applications of my choice on my hardware to people who want that. > Essentially as long as nothing threatens Apple's ability to tell other companies, including other tech giants, to play ball or pound sand, I'm fine with it. Is your premise is that the vast majority of iOS users want the Apple control of apps exactly as it is today? If that premise is true, then having additional app stores available will not change your experience at all. The vast majority, as you assert, of iOS users will want no part in the alternative app stores, thus the Apple app store retains dominance and Apple doesn't need to change their behavior at all. So nothing changes for you. And the few oddballs who want to run non-Apple-approved software, still can, but they'll be a fringe. But if you're worried that there will be a mass exodus to the non-Apple app store, (if that was allowed) then I'm hearing that there is in fact large percentages of unhappy users, which is itself proof that removing control from Apple is required. What doesn't make sense it simultaneously assert that nearly all iOS users are happy with the Apple iron fist but large percentage of them are itching to break away from it the second they could. One or the other can be true, not both.