I call fake. See http://pastebin.com/64PAAV1c Same data, one month old. Millions of machines about to loose MS support. Millions of machines unable to run windows 7/8/9. Millions of people suddenly very interested in linux. MS isn't worried that people won't upgrade. They are worried that they will. Also, this may have to do with the Target malware as the afflicted POS machines appear to be running XP. lol, I meant to say that they will be installing linux on the old XP machines, without buying new hardware. There are plenty of tiny distros that could keep those XP machines running safely for many years. An invasion scenario came up far more recently, during the Quebec referendum: 1.Quebec separates from Canada. 2.Northing Quebec (Native) separates from south (French) 3.Protesters interrupt power lines through northern Quebec. 4.New York City goes dark. 5.US Paratroopers land in northern Quebec to restore NY power. Why? Because students today are focused on "doing well". That means getting good grades. Look at your tests, be them locally-created or standardized. How are they graded? Do students get good grades for debate or mechanically computing the right answer? Who? An American culture that constantly enforces a science v. arts dichotomy. I say American because in no other country is this split enshrined in language: Metric units for the scientists and English for everyone else. I say American because few other countries produce so many millionaires with zero science education. Look at your student's role models. Athletes. Celebs. Seth McFarlin. Politicians. Donald Trump. The American system does not reward scientific creativity in the same way it does social aptitude. Change would be painful, so painful that it cannot happen for a generation or two Just try suggesting highway signs be changed from mph to kph. And that's easy part. Canada uses the same scheme. It isn't incorrect, just different. A "supreme" court is one of general jurisdiction and are the highest court to which an issue may be brought (as opposed to appellate courts which do not hear issues directly). They are supreme over courts of limited jurisdiction such as family or probate courts. The US Supreme Court (federal) actually uses the same name scheme as New York and Canada. All district and appellate are limited geographically, with the supreme court being the only court of general jurisdiction (Amongst the fed. All US fed courts are technically limited). But some actions can still be brought directly to the SCOTUS such as disputes between states over land. So it is not purely an appellate court, hence the term supreme. Blink and you've missed it. Everyone has to go down eventually. 99.999999% up still means some down. Not stealth. Far to many flat 90/45* surfaces and corners. Nobody with any understanding of radar was involved in the design of that thing. Not supercavitating. Supercavitation is based on cavitation, not sucking down air from the surface. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercavitation . And the amount of energy needed to create a supercavitation void around those hulls ... The Shkval is essentially an underwater rocket and it still uses exhaust gases to top up the bubble in which it flies (see the little holes near the nose) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VA-111_Shkval . Not a hydrofoil. No foils. It looks to be a SWATH hull (Small Waterplane Area Twin Hull) another great Canadian invention. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small-waterplane-area_twin_hull Who did this guy know at Businessweek to get this sales pitched turned into an "article"? Ya, but that ship was an actual hydrofoil. The foils act like wings to generate lift from movement. The thing in the OP uses movable pontoons, buoyancy, to haul itself up regardless of speed. Note also that real hydrofoils angle their foils in parallel to the hull. It's essentially a dihedral effect like that of an airplane. As the ship lists one way, the foil on the downward side pushes more directly upwards, righting the ship. The 'foils' on the OP are mounted in the opposite manner, generating opposite effect. If they generated any actual lift the ship would flip instantly. Which was based on the real Sea Shadow. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_Shadow_%28IX-529%29 They're pontoons on movable outriggers. Novel, but useless. An air envelope would certainly reduce friction but would basically kill buoyancy. Big metal tubes don't float in air. So without any real foils/wings to generate lift, even if a bubble could be formed, the pontoon would literally fall to the bottom of the bubble. Supercavitating hulls (ie the ShVal torpedo) suspend themselves within a bubble via their noses. They are moving so fast that the nose, the only spot where the torpedo touches the water, provides enough lift to keep the thing in the bubble. But you need rocket-like accelerations to keep this going. From their patent "whereby to provide propeller generated super-cavitated water flowing from the propellers and thence along an outer surface of said vehicle;" WTF? There is no such thing as super-cavitated water. Cavitation presupposes a CAVITY, a void ... something other than water. Maybe water with bubbles? Prop wash? http://www.google.com/patents/US20120097086 There is no general air defence these days. There are point installations protecting military targets, on military land, but there aren't batteries of missiles to defend large cities. If needed they launch intercept aircraft. (imho those military point defence installations are turned off most all of the time. See below.) Recently in Vancouver we hosted the woman's world cup. Joe Biden was in town. And so was this ( http://i.imgur.com/pvxYN49.jpg ). That's the USS Stockdale entering Vancouver port to provide him cover. It left port the day after he left town. All very quiet. Local news didn't speak of this big thing coming in unescorted. I only noticed after one of our boats went screaming by the dog beach ( http://i.imgur.com/G7lY9s4.jpg ) about half an hour before. It was probably leaving to make room at the dock. When the Stockdale left it was followed by a tug and a rib from the local cops... they probably learned about it at the same time I did. Stockdale's itinerary listing it docking in North Vancouver. http://www.uscarriers.net/ddg106history.htm The lack of air defence is probably a good thing. The error rate, the risk of shooting down something by accident, would be unacceptable. Agreed that there is less of a death by nuclear war. But today there is a far greater chance of being shot by a an armed squad of uniformed men driving armoured vehicles. It's really apples and oranges, but people still die at the hands of violence today as they did in the past. It might also be based on very practical things. The prez/vice always have a quick exit plan. The stockdale has a pair of helos that could have picked him up from anywhere in the city. That might mean they didn't have to lay on as many ground assets. Where is Saudi Arabia in this story? When I was there in the 90s I saw maps of time zones that listed Saudi Arabia as still using solar time. That was long after the official switch in the 60s. I understood the official "solar time" line as a nod to religion. Nobody was setting watches every sunset but the calls to prayer certainly moved with the sun. So the ubertooth isn't legal anymore? Doesn't locking down wifi radios basically outlaw software-defined radio (SDR)? How can SDR exist without infinite control over "modulation types"? I'm not sure that it is possible to truly lock down a radio to a particular modulation type. Transmitters aren't magic. They cannot be DRMed. They don't even run software. Send them the voltage and they send the signal. One cannot discuss long-term copyright without mentioning the mickey mouse graph. https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20090811/0123105835.shtml Copyrights have been extended so many time that the legal system has forgotten how to deal with expiration. The concept of profitable works "falling" into public domain is strangely foreign to most IP lawyers. The problem with Echalon-type programs today is cultural. They were/are intelligence operations. But today "intelligence" has grown to encompass criminal investigations and targeted, violent, operations such as drone strikes. An intelligence operation does not need to be 100% accurate. Huge volumes of less-than-perfect data are examined by experts who then issue reports, opinions, on what is actually happening. The top report would be the sort of things included in a president's daily briefing. That was basic cold-war intelligence. Today's leaders expect surveillance to be absolute. They don't want "and increased likelihood of attack", they want "Mr. Smith will be onboard flight 123 at 2pm". That's the level you need to send a bunch of cops to lawfully and publicly arrest a specific person and take them to a court for prosecution. Such things require very different methods, methods for which ECHALON was never designed. I agree that they are overplayed for effect, but there is some math. I saw Kissinger explain it when asked about nukes killed the whole world ten times over. The math started with WWII Germany. They kept reasonably reliable records of where and when people died during allied air raids. So someone drew up a formula linking the tonnage of bombs dropped with the number of dead on the ground. This was then extended to nukes and their power measured in thousands (kilo) and millions (mega) of tons of TNT. So bombs with explosive power greater than all of WWII (a common description) could "kill" as many people as an entire war. Kissinger was correct in saying that all the bombs in the world would not, could not, destroy everyone ten or twenty times over. This false analogy was also part of debates during Vietnam. Many, on both sided of every argument, used the math to estimate the number killed by US bombing raids, ignoring the fact that German cities and Vietnam jungle are in no way analogous. The rule in the US is "It is income unless it isn't." Everything you receive from everyone is taxable income unless you can find a specific tax code saying that it isn't. Lottery winnings are taxable unless a section exempts them. Non-monitary prizes or awards from competitions are taxable. As with most tax law, this is necessary to prevent widespread avoidance. Nobody would pay any taxes if only money income was taxed. We'd revert to a barter economy wherever possible, defeating the purpose of taxation. (ir employer pays employees with physical good via a company store.) If all competition winnings were exempt, employers might pay people in gambling tokens simply to avoid them having to pay taxes. I'd rather presume that most of these contests are actually other bots designed to generate buzz to promote events or, more likely, harvest market research data. I have no sympathy for such devices and have no problem watching robots fight over cowboy hats. It seems to me that the intelligence communicate uses lie detectors less as tests for nefarious activities and more as personality tests. Let's assume that lie detectors actually work. To "pass" such a test you have to be reasonably certain about your answers. Have you ever passed information to the enemy: Yes/No? Is everything in your application truthful? Only some people can be completely secure about there answers. The more knowledge and experience a person has in an area, the more the likelihood that they cannot give that yes/no answer. So what they get is a bunch of young, mostly male, kids who are not the type to self examine. They are sure that they are correct, that they have done no wrong. That infeed might explain much of the direction that the community has taken in recent years. Yes. I'd stake that the majority of retweets today are in fact bots. See below... "OK. 1 more chance. If no one RTs, replies, or even talks about this tweet, I will donate £15,000 to a charity of your choice. Any questions?" --> 369 retweets, most by suspected bots. https://twitter.com/rickygervais/status/324632844829876224 Funny. Some brits look up to the Chinese system to educate their kids, but come time for university and every single Chinese parent would rather their kid go the oxbridge route than any chinese school. Perhaps this article should be more explicit in that it involves comparison between CHinese practices and those of a subset of British schools. I went to a british-style boys school, a rugby school. It was nothing like the one in this article. We did plenty of memorization. We paid attention and worked hard for many hours beyond what is expected of the kids in this article. By grade 12 I had actually read all the major Shakespeares, read them well enough to have opinions and write papers. (First year university was a total walk in comparison.) The brits need not go to china for inspiration. The accents in north america are split east-west, not north-south. I'm from Vancouver but whenever I am in the eastern US they think I'm from california because I don't sound have the ontario/maritime accent they recognize as "canadian". "aboot" doesn’t exist in the west. Never has. I'm not sure that a linguist would paint all of canada with one brush. Any linguist worth being called such should at least recognize a couple english-french divides. I've been told that my accent isn't so much a sound, but a mode of speech. You can spot the Canadians in LA because they are the ones using complete sentences. There is a certain neutrality to the western-canadian accent, much like that of Minnesota. Take the word Going or anything else ending with ing. In much of the US it is pronounced "goin", dropping the g. In the UK it has become "going-g" ... they add an extra g sound. Right in the middle are the canadians and minnesotans who pronounce the word as written. Canadians, watch this vid to see the similarity with minnesota: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-BCxjYoOl0 (I know this guy) Not bills. Loonies are dollar coins with a loon on the back. "Twonies" are the two-dollar coins with a polar bear. Canada traditionally uses animal imagery on money, a sort of reconciliation gesture given the french-english-native splits in the country. Animals were common ground. Fyi, the band Nickelback was Canadian. The non-wikipedia joke behind that name is the animal on the back of the canadian nickel. All welland good, but will this come in time to swing Texas in the next election? A great case, but I think it's beyond weatherproof and into the realm of waterproof or immersible. A weatherproof enclosure need not be sealed to such an extent. And there is an upside to not sealing. If you plan that water will somehow get in, say by including a drain hole on the 'down' side, then the inevitable crack or other slow leak won't result in catastrophic flooding. Why the assumption that an index must represent a market? Wikipedia def: "An index fund (also index tracker) is an investment fund ... that aims to replicate the movements of an index of a specific financial market, or a set of rules of ownership that are held constant, regardless of market conditions." The OP only discusses the former, not the later. I see the point that an indexed fund tied to a specific market, the narrower the better, may bring antitrust rules into play. But the later concept, that a indexed fund is simply a fund with fixed buy rules, need not get anywhere close to antitrust. They need not have a presence across any "market" as conceived by antitrust. How about an indexed fund with the rule: Own equal numbers of share from all publicly-traded social media firms, except facebook. Such an indexed fund might find lots of investors without getting anywhere close to antitrust. I think the very term "indexed fund" is an artifact. Indexed funds need not be tied to an index. They can still be "passive investing" without the index. "Antitrust" is a similar linguistic artifact as you can violate antitrust rules without any mention of trusts, I think it is far more complicated than that. Google cares about the ease of deploying fiber. That touches on who owned the poles, the layout of land ownership and a hundred other things not necessarily tied to regulatory burdens. There are times when too little regulation can frustrate such deployments. For instance, if all the poles are owned by traditional ISPs and there is no regulation mandating they grant access, Google is locked out. Ditto for apartment buildings without any law mandating they allow new ISPs to string wired inside "their" walls. Ease of doing or setting up a business is not always proportional to the number of laws on the books. If it were, there would be no need for antitrust rules. (My original comment was a take on the assumption that there is a tide of hipsters chasing Google fibre around the country.) Toronto? Not Trono? Ick, a third overlapping term. I would call purely quant funds a form of indexed funds in that they follow a specific set of rules. Those rules are whatever procedure, computer program, or other non-human algorithm is used to pick investments. Whether or not a quant fund is passive investment is semantics imho. I wouldn't call spending hours/days/weeks examining a quant funds system a passive activity. And investors can move in and out of funds quickly these days. On the other hand many see passivity wherever investors or fund managers put buy/sell decisions in the hands of non-humans. I wouldn’t use the phase "attempt to build the bomb". I wouldn't even call this an effort. I would label this as discussion or thought experiments. Drawing up a few blueprints for a centrifuge is no more an attempt to build a bomb than Project Daeidalus was an "attempt" to travel to another star. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Daedalus . The amount of effort necessary to build bombs during the 40s was ridiculous. Japan didn't have the industrial power. And I mean literal power as the manhatten project's Oak Ridge facility used something like 1/8th of US electricity at the time. "Electric energy consumption, courtesy of the TVA, was 20 percent higher than that of New York City. Oak Ridge used one-seventh of all the electricity produced in the United States" http://www.u-s-history.com/pages/h1652.html (not the best source, but reasonable given the context.) I'm all for discussion of ALL history but to bring forward claims that Japan was trying to build a bomb so close to the anniversary of its use against Japan smacks of guilt-motivated justification. Japan's "bomb" program was of absolutely no threat to allied forces and therefore should not be part of any debate over the use of nuclear weapons against Japan. If anything, a Japanese bomb program would have sucked up resources from other war efforts. More accurate headline: "SEC Adopts CEO Pay Ratio Rule, Five Years After It Became Law" "Today's vote comes five years after Congress approved the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which includes the pay ratio rule. The vote also comes nearly two years after the SEC formally proposed the requirement." http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/08/05/429628037/... (1) Research centrifuges for separating isotopes and a plant capable of creating enough for a bomb are different beasts. The former gives you the knowledge to understand the scope of the later. (2) I don't attack only the article itself, but also its timing in relation to the anniversary. Americans are questioning the actions of their fathers and grandfathers re Japan and WWII. Any opinionated or politicized articles appearing now must be judged in that context. (3) The article ends with the quote "If we'd built the bomb first, of course we would have used it. I'm glad, in some ways, that our facilities were destroyed." That quote is meant to leave the reader with the concept that Japan would have done the same as the US had the situation been reversed. Even more so, it suggests that at least one person in Japan welcomed the bombings. Those are justification arguments that, given the enormity of the context and timing, should be strictly scrutinized. I read somewhere that after being captured by the allies some german physicists were recorded speaking in disbelief about the bomb. They were under the impression that any bomb would have needed many many times as much enriched uranium (think tons) resulting in weapons too big for aircraft. That was an indication they hadn't done much criticality research with enriched material. I would argue that plutonium breeding is only obvious after you have performed some criticality experiments with an appreciable-sized block of enriched uranium. This was new physics at the time, without computer simulations. Bomb theory, critical mass, could only be understood after you get your hands on some enriched uranium. Yes. Any new articles at this time, particularly ones brining forward new or rarely-seen evidence should be put under a magnifying glass. The use of nukes by the US against japan is a backdrop against which all US military decisions are made today. Not all, only where authors so openly insert modern political views into historical situations. If this were a more detached examination of the Japanese bomb program then I probably would welcome the new information. >History and science would all grind to a halt if the first thing people would do to every article and paper is to check for political leanings. Yes. Given the scope of what's available today re WWII, everything beyond primary sources should be investigated. Nothing should be taken as fact simply because it is written down. If you start accepting facts simply because they are in some online article, you are down the road to the belief that lizard people run the world. Every author's background and political goals are relevant where they inject opinion atop original research. Benefits are all well and good, I'd just prefer the large tech employers work to employ more people rather than provide more to those that already have jobs. When these people are out on mat leave are they to be replaced by perma-temps on zero-hour contracts? There is also something to be said for pay over benefits. Pay is of equal value to all employees. Benefits like leave and 401ks are only valuable to some and can, if dominant over pay, lead to employers having undue influence over the lives of employees. I would add that the "Secret law" also encompasses the private deals struck between various organizations that have the full force and effect of law. For instance, I am often asked about the standards for DMCA takedowns and monitoring of content. I cannot turn to laws and cases. I have to glean information from patterns of activity. Youtube does X, and the MPAA aren't screaming mad about Youtube these days, so perhaps we also need to do X. Or, megaupload was doing X Y and Z. But a dozen other website were doing X and Y without a peep from US authorities. So I guess Z is the touchstone even though Z isn't mentioned anywhere in any law or case and wasn't even around when the laws were written. Perhaps attendees there as spies now outnumber actual enthusiasts. Perhaps they can now spy on each other and leave the rest of us alone. My advice goes one step further: Don't do user generated content without an ejection plan, a means to extract all the money and shut the doors instantly should you catch the eye of the mpaa or their ilk. Really? Is the need to get out and hook up the hose yourself really what's holding back electric cars? There is certainly a cool factor with this thing, but think about how it will work at a real fuel/charging station. The driver will only ever see it in a mirror. And it looks like the range of motion is very limited, requiring the plug to be within a 30x30cm box. A later model will probably have a greater range of motion but I cannot see that be any less cumbersome. Give me a wire and a plug. But maybe Tesla has done some market research. Maybe their target market is old people for whom getting out of the car is a real struggle. Maybe they fear large electrical cables more than rubber ones filled with gasoline. Or maybe they so distrust attendants that they prefer a mechanical octopus fuel their precious car ... until it misses the mark and does some actual damage to the paint. So it will seek out and plug in without driver input? I guess that would only work if they are in everyone's garage. Isn't there a smartphone ap that can remind owners if they part at home without connecting? That's how we end up with inflatable bbqs. This really looks like a rich person's toy, of no practical use. Many people have talked over the years about self-driving cars dropping people off and heading home. That sounds great in terms of the number of parking spots, and might make sense in cities where parking costs more than rent, but I cannot see how doubling the number of trips can reduce traffic congestion. The far simpler solution would be to install simple (ie cheap) chargers at each parking spot. Fyi (and don't take this as legal advice) such separation is a really good idea in terms of PII/PCI compliance. It is refreshing to see an article willing to speak about conflicting survivor accounts. Whether it's the holocaust, 9/11, Rwanda, or the killing fields, there is a tendency to treat every account as sacrosanct. Conflicting stories then become ammo for those looking to deny and discredit events. But open discussion and even speculation can increase confidence in a narrative. Apparently conflicting accounts often dovetail into each other, but to get to that point you have to be willing to criticize. Another bad day for Microsoft. Another good day for linux. A very interesting concept. I like the sea but hate cruising. For me, a cruise is basically a hotel pushed into international waters (or some other legal fiction) for purposes of cheap labour. But a freighter seems a different matter. I'm not saying that they pay people well, but at least taking care of me won't be their primary job. A freighter has a job, it has a purpose for going somewhere beyond labour laws. And I'd bet good money there is far less risk of norovirus on an freighter than on the floating retirement communities that are modern cruising. Nope. I mean desktop linux. Every time MS, or Apple, launch a new OS with silly fine print and non-removable malware I get people asking about linux. Actually, silly ToS language and spyware don't really matter. The entire update/versioning process with MS is so painful that distros like ubuntu start to seem the easier option. A very good response to Win10s inclusion of closed-source, proprietary, non-removable, everything-is-uploaded, "just trust us", spyware. Ubuntu isn't perfect, but it's far more trustworthy than anything MS has put out in recent decades. Law Students at a proper Law School /= "University Students" Law students are both sensitive and not. I remember many times students crying while we discussed cases of rape, child murder and domestic violence. As one prof pointed out: "We have over 100 people in the room. Statistically speaking we must have many rape victims, and more than a few perpetrators." Students cried, but they certainly did not suggest that topics not be taught. Students at professional schools (law/medicine etc) have committed to a profession with a known body of knowledge developed over hundreds, arguably thousands of years. They would not want that very expensive education to be curtailed for the very modern concept that is political correctness. I graduated 10+ years ago. The first tears I remember appeared in the first couple crimlaw lectures. I won't go into the facts, but it was a discussion of Keeler (2 Cal.3d 619) that ramped up the emotions for some. Take any law class. A hundred adults in their mid twenties in one room. That's fifty females. Chances are that at least one of them is pregnant, probably more than one. And there are plenty of parents of both genders. Nobody thinks less of them for being a little more emotional than the norm when forced to addresses certain cases. Nor would they expect the curriculum to be altered. After one assignment that involving stadiums, there was an unwritten rule at my school that exams would not rely on students knowing anything about american baseball teams. I do not think the pressure comes directly from the need for higher grades. I think it come from how those grades are created. I my academic history (highschool, undergrad, law school, now teaching) I only felt real stress where grades were incremental. Take my civpro class. We had an assignment after only three lectures, an assignment worth 5% of our grade. I had barely wrapped my head around law school and already my final grade, my scholarship, was on the line. I did poorly on that assignment, immediately chopping a few points off my final grade. On the other hand my crimlaw class had no assignments, just a big exam at the end. That class allowed me the time to figure things out and was much less stressful. The highschool kids I talk to today are in a constant panic. ((That's how I see it. For them it's just normal.)) Grades are ridiculously high, with class averages well north of 90%. So every test, every graded assignment, requires the focus of a final exam. They cannot afford diversion or outside learning. Each week is prep for the next test and each of those tests directly impacts their grade. Have a bad week, or even a bad afternoon, and it might stick with you for years. They don't dare read anything that isn't assigned for fear of not aligning with the teacher's "learning plan". If it didn't come from teacher it isn't on next week's test and is therefore useless. Imho this constant "exam mode" is the real source of stress. So drop the microtests. Give them the one big exam and let them relax and learn at their own pace the rest of the time. I certainly remember many students with that view. After first year they started carefully arranging courses and boasted about how they would never have to write another exam ... until the bar. I think I had a final for every course but LRW and a bioethics class. There are things that can be done within exams to counter those issues. For instance, the exams I set are heavily scaled. There may be 200 points available to be earned across 15 short essay questions. The raw scores generally fall between 45-90, which I then scale to set an acceptable average. So you can bomb or even skip questions and still be top of the class. Not much can be done if a student is sick on the day, but I would argue that multiple tests on multiple days only increases the likelihood of sickness during at least one test. Why does that diver have a gun? NYPD detective John Drzal looks like an idiot carrying a AR-15, without any apparent waterproofing, while wearing flippers and a dry suit. He is also using scuba, not a rebreather, so any potential target will see/hear him coming miles away. And is that a scope on that rifle? What possible scenario would require a police officer to carry an automatic weapon while scuba diving? Really. What job is he going to do? Hostage rescue, underwater? Or is he going to run out of the water rambo-style to arrest underage drinkers at the beach ... with a scuba tank on his back ... in flippers. (1) That's a lot of work for the prof. (2) Grade inflation is part of the problem. I don't see how taking only the higher grades helps this. Oh look. Another wealthy person lecturing on the wisdom he has learned through wealth, that wealth is secondary to happiness and should be avoided. For the rest of us, lack of money is the root of most stress. Those with dependants cannot simply remove them from our lives (where is this guys wife now?). Our lives are not diminished by opportunities lost because we spent too much time at the office. They are diminished because we don't have enough money to pay the bills --> because we are not able to spend time at the office --> underemployment. I actually believe the 10% reference. But I also believe that he isn't being honest about where it is from. I smell a spendthrift trust or investment property that his is milking (ie taking rents but not paying the mortgage.) If this sounds like a rant, it is. I'm spending all day doing RSA submissions. I do this to chase business/clients/pad my resume. It's yet more time spent chasing work rather than actually doing the work. Welcome to the gig economy. I actually saved up a small pile before law school. With a scholarship I graduated without student loans. I have no dependants and that was a choice by me. But I have had many clients for whom having children wasn't much of a choice. Even if it were, circumstances change and they cannot be cut away like an underwater mortgage. Wait a second. Aren't there actually two different pentagon shapes in use here? Look at the yellow and blue in the OP. They are actually mirror images of each other. Maybe a mathematician would say they are the same, but certainly not someone cutting tile for a bathroom floor. And if these were proteins trying to form a cell wall, that mirroring would be a serious hurdle. Ah. You learn something every day. I guess the guardian was therefore incorrect in their definition and should have said "congruent copies" ... but "copies" is also probably wrong. Congruent congruencies? >"If you can cover a flat surface using only identical copies of the same shape leaving neither gaps nor overlaps, then that shape is said to tile the plane." From my lay knowledge of space travel, they seem to have lots of other issues to address before, as the OP puts it, "structures will be produced in space that are much larger than what could currently fit into a launch fairing". Top of my list would be tidal forces in low orbit. It's microgravity, not zero gravity. If you extrude out a long structure it is going to bend ever so slightly. So you need either a brace (an existing big structure) or some sort of laser measurement to adjust the build process to compensate. >>>"In a vacuum there is no air to affect heat radiation" Shouldn't that be convection? Heat loss through radiation should be somewhat the same in a vacuum. Russia still does conscription. So all, well at least all MALE young people, do listen to propaganda and prepare for WW3. They do not have a choice. Does this in any way compare to the halifax explosion? Maybe a new record for accidental explosions? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halifax_Explosion Is mirroring also allowed when 'filling' a 3d space? (1) Those nasty things inside car batteries are easily recycled and in fact are recycled more often than not (like 95%+) (2) Car batteries do not last only 3-4 years as per the OP. Car batteries can last decades. There are many variables, but the car in my battery is far older than 4 years. (lol) (3) Replacing an easily-recyclable product with a less-recyclable one is no step forwards. (4) XX addressed by OP comment, see below XX This thing is a capacitor? What's the voltage potential in there? Any device with internals significantly beyond that may be a serious fire risk in a crash.. (5) Car batteries are not needlessly heavy, nor are they a stock size. Manufacturers do care about performance. If they thought the car could do with lighter battery they would use one. Have some respect for the thought behind stock engineering before replacing it. (6) Shutting down the voltage supply can be a real pain. A "dead" battery generally still has enough juice to keep electronics ticking over. Cutting it completely is not like turning off a switch. It often means resetting/rebooting stuff once the voltage is restored. For some (BMW) it can even mean a trip to the dealership for a special new battery ritual. http://www.bimmerforums.com/forum/showthread.php?1355106-Why... I was thinking about the internals. They might have components with higher potentials that are then regulated down to 12v. In a crash, those could be a source of high-voltage shorts that might be a source of ignition. Glad to see you are on top of the voltage/fire thing. But I still see these things as non-recyclable in comparison to industry-standard lead-acid batteries. I can drop my current battery off at any number of garages without issue. Once this new device inevitably breaks down (anything under a hood will eventually) it seems like just more e-waste. You might want to add language re battery orientation. It looks like your device doesn't care about up and down. That's a big deal for car people. They pay extra for a 'dry' battery that can be mounted in weird places and angles. And mention venting or lack thereof. That's another sticking point for people shopping for aftermarket batteries. Also, vibration testing if you have done any. Custom cars and offroad machines shake. Nobody wants a battery with internals that look like they might break loose. If you really want to sell a premium battery, create a motorcycle model. Sportbike owners are really into weight reductions and eat through batteries. It might as simple as a smaller plastic shell. No it did not. Read the WHO report. Any reference to chernobyl being "Uninhabitable" is more nuclear politics than scientific reality. Biking is fine if you are a prof at a college campus, or the boss of some hip startup, but I cannot arrive at work sweating through a horribly wrinkled suit. We don't have showers. I have yet to meet anyone who has communized by bike in my city (Vancouver BC) for more than a few years without a major altercation with a motorvehicle. It might be healthy, but it is also physically dangerous. I wonder if the different types of glass we use today would reduce that number. My new word for the day is "enucleation". For the love dogs do not look that one up on youtube. Neither. Other than a very few hot site, most all of the evacuated land is perfectly livable. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_no-threshold_model Is this all capitalization, or just publicly-traded companies? I suspect there is plenty of capitalization in china that isn't properly represented as it is not publicly traded. > I hope this marks a return of an innovative and competitive LucasArts. I don't see this as innovation. It's simply a continuation of the path towards higher and higher levels of eyecandy. Unless they put one in my living room, I cannot see this bringing any fundamental changes. I'd much rather them do some more cutting-edge writing, new ideas and concepts to make a game enjoyable beyond the demo. I want Tie Fighter + WingCommander:Privateer + Eve Online. I couldn't care less about realistic facial renderings. (Yes, I am aware of star citizen, but atm I am ready to drink that koolaid.) Except that most of the military do not walk around with fingers on triggers all day. That's a very small group of front-line combat people. Half the military rarely pick up a weapon. The air force, most all of the navy, most everyone in intel ... they aren't raiding desert compounds every night. I'm betting that a US base (in the US) probably has few guns per person than a typical US neighborhood. It might be counterintuitive, but I find MPs (military police) generally much more friendly and calm that the average civilian cop. Someone thought that apes couldn't control their breathing well enough to vocalize? Really? All mammals have pretty advanced control over their airways, otherwise we would be constantly inhaling nasty things. Carnivores need control to sniff (see wolves) and herbivores need to hold their breath to be quiet enough to hear the wolves (see deer). I'm about ready to say that all animal and human science from the 30s through the 50s should be tossed. From all birds mating for life, belly-dragging dinos, to apes that cannot hold their breath ... were they just making stuff up? Win a drought? This isn't chess. The wording should be 'survive', cope with or even struggle through. (Take that nature!) There is no winning. I was in California six months ago and was taken aback by the lack of worry. Nobody seemed to be doing anything. The lawns and fields were green, the backyard pools all full and people were washing cars like normal. I would argue that keeping things out of our airways is a little more advanced than just holding one's breath. Coughing up junk or dealing with water/swimming are common to mammals. Even swallowing requires coordination of the various parts beyond simply not breathing. I read a few years ago about a machine to allow paralyzed/comatose people to cough properly as this hugely reduces throat infections. 40+ million rain catchers (ie buckets attached to downspouts) would be a great start. I live in a far wetter city (vancouver) and loads of people are installing rainwater storage to ease the load during the summer. I think only a believer would get so physically close to such an animal. She isn't a person, nor a pet. I can understand her keepers not wanting unfamiliar people around if they might upset her. Or she, like humans, may not display the same behavior around strangers. Don't be shocked yet. I think it is safe to say that they do not have a full tally, nor have authorities any desire to publish such numbers until they have a literal body count. Be careful about the victimless label. Just because an individual action does not cause harm does not mean that it should not be punished as if it had. The act is the same. Whether or not someone is physically injured is largely a matter of luck. It would be horrific if punishments were handed out on that basis alone. A long time ago I read a statement from a judge sentencing two defendants for felony murder. They both shot and a man was dead, but there was a debate as to which bullet actually killed. "The only difference between the two was aim, and I am not going to let one off for being the poorer shot." The more appropriate word for such laws are "regulatory crimes". They are meant to regulate behavior to prevent or reduce an evil that does not occur in all cases. This covers everything from practicing medicine without a license to drug possession, neither of which necessarily cause a physical harm in every case. There are a couple of lawyers on this thread and, I suspect, also a few law students. Law is not all books. There is something physical about law school. It may not be as physical as med school, but the three-year process of getting the JD is more than a pile of textbooks. Interaction with students and professors, structured or not, is as important as the reading. It changes people. By third year you realize exactly how vast the practice is and no longer focus on the gritty aspects of constitutional debate. At some level punishments based on outcome are a practical necessity. We cannot lock up everyone who takes their eyes off the road and causes a minor accident. Even though we know the did everything necessary to cause catastrophic injury, we let them off. It's a balance between the modern concept of punishments based on state of mind and actions, and the oldschool concept of an eye for an eye, punishment based on outcome. I would disagree with the second sentence. I give more weight to a lawyer in regards to the law and politics. As lawyers they have put thousands of hours into studying these types of issues. I respect his/her opinion more in the same way I would respect any doctor's opinion on biological matters. Attention? Neuroscience? Talk about overthinking a problem. I lost respect for the article when it didn't use the word "noise" even once. There is a little bone/muscle combination in your ear (??Tensor Timpany??) that acts as a gain control. While you drive, the background road noise causes your ear to reduce its gain. This makes all noises seem less and protects your ear. Then when you stop/park the road noise is gone, the muscles relax, and the music now seems louder. So you turn the volume down because it is uncomfortably loud for you, not due to any sociological or neurological factors. This is why you need to turn the volume up in a convertible. It is also why people sing louder in the shower because, to them near the white noise of the water, they don't seem as loud. And this process causes stress onboard planes or other constantly-loud environments. That little muscle in your ear gets tired. Stress around loud noises is partially a physical rather than purely psychological stress. Is nasa doing this stuff in-house? I've never thought of nasa as experts on software beyond control systems. Have they brought in some gaming people to help with media relations? (1) Lawyer. Clients. Blackmail. Panic. Strategy. (2) Passwords+usernames repeated across websites (see adobe leak) Just One. The US has the greatest control over apple. From the US is it shared with the five eyes. GCHQ's oldboys network then passes it on to basically any European who asks, while one of the thousands entry-level "analysts" at the many US intel agencies passes it on to the Chinese. Then the next snowden leaks it to the guardian and every other paper still alive, half of which are under surveillance by various police groups. So within a week the only people who cannot read this text are 50% of us who aren't government employees. One keyring to rule them all. The OP talks of fewer kids having licenses. That has little to do with smartphones and technology. Beyond the increased costs, operating a car today is more emotionally expensive than ever. Driving is now a rationally terrifying experience for kids. 1) Traffic fines are no longer trivial. Beyond the money, if a teen is part of any graduated licensing program ANY ticket may delay them getting their full license many months. 2) Parking is dangerous. Wrong place or wrong time doesn't mean a simple ticket. Your car may be disappeared to some distant impound lot. The ransom demanded will likely be more than the vehicle's worth (at least given the junkers I had as a teenager). 3) Police encounters. The most likely place for a teen to interact negatively with an officer is during a "routine" traffic stop. Turn on the news. A minor incident can quickly spiral into days or weeks in jail. 4) Teenagers now fear failure above all else. A test failed is far worse than a test not taken. Teenagers are adverse to any test that isn't absolutely necessary. (See many threads here). So they avoid the DMV. 5) Cars increase mobility, but have you seen the streets in most cities? Gridlock makes people feel trapped. For a child in today's world of apparently constant violence, being stuck on a city street is scary. Whereas you or I might see a simple frustration, kids today see physical danger. Teenagers have plenty of reasons to avoid driving. It isn't because they once needed to physically move in order to communicate. It's because they have good reason to fear the road. Glad to see that this guy doesn't appear to be politically connected. So many astros are that I had assumed anyone taken into the program so late in their career would be related to a senator or three. It's nice to be proven wrong. But I remain under the impression that astro selection is very political. I think the astronauts are more patients than doctors. They are test subjects. Every move in space is carefully planned by committees on the ground. No doubt it is a demanding job requiring all sorts of skills, but it isn't the same as a surgeon. Absent some worst case scenarios, responsibility and decision making is far more shared. Training and responsibility are different concepts. The American dream is like the pony express. It was the product of a great many particular circumstances. It did once exist, for a handful of people in a few chosen places, but disappeared before anyone realized. It's a romantic ideal more important as fiction than practical reality. It is something to be talked about, not something that ever actually happens. So it is no more dead today than ever because it wasn't never really alive in the first place. For starters ... all who want to westpoint. To go to the point you need a recommendation from either sitting congressmen/senator, or a "career" officer of note in the US armed forces. Westpoint is not open to just anyone with the grades. You very literally have to know people in high places. http://www.usma.edu/admissions/sitepages/apply_nominations.a... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_astronauts_educated_at... (That's just the easiest to research. If you dig into most astronaut's backgrounds you can find prominent people who helped them along.) >> Though English-speaking Canadians remain loyal to the Queen, they aren’t truly interested in being British or sounding British; they’re just interested in using the British connection to assert their independence from the independent United States, which they left because they didn’t want to leave. What horrible highschool textbook is this from? When did Canada separate from the US? And to say english Canadians are "loyal" to the queen, and by necessary implication that french-canadians are not, is downright silly. The queen is a total irrelevance in Canada. Canada does not take from Britain in some sort of protest against American culture. American culture IS canadian. Music, television, film, comedy ... canadians are everywhere in the US entertainment industry. But look to the UK, to the BBC, and you won't find any. >> ...poutine, Nanaimo bars, and butter tarts for three of Canada’s great culinary gifts to the world if the world would but accept them WTF? Maple syrup doesn't make the list? What other country has a strategic syrup reserve. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/a-look-inside-q... "...surfing boats with handmade sails." ?? I've read about this many times before. They were using windsurfers and were part of a local windsurfing club. Germans say "Windsurfbrett", literally wind-surf-board. I don't know where the author got the boats language. It's more than semantics. Boats are something you sit 'in' rather than 'on' a board and that makes a big difference in cold water. Story + interviews (in german) + pics showing gear. http://cdn2.surfertoday.com/windsurfing/11355-the-greatest-w... Fyi. The big stealth advantage of a windsurfer is that, with the sail flat on the water, the entire craft is only a couple inches high. In any waves you cannot see them until you are right on top. Hard for search and rescue, but excellent if you want to hide until the cops move away. They have been used for smuggling. Roots? The reasons behind the design have all fallen by the wayside. The need to keep weight over the rear tires to increase traction was killed off long ago by increases in tire performance and the development of limited-slip differentials. Design and market changes have rendered the once functional shape purely aesthetic. Today's cars are neither fuel-efficient nor speed daemons. And the engines are water-cooled. So the aerodynamic shape has lost it's function. If it is holding true to its mechanical roots, those roots are long dead. So what's left? From a mechanical point of view it is a rear-engine car fighting to become mid-engined without admitting the change. The shape's only function is aesthetic. Anyone claiming its shape or design layout is mechanically relevant comes off like those poodle owners who insist the silly haircuts are to keep the dog warm while swimming. If you like the look then you like the look. Don't try to justify your taste with engineering gobbledygook. Native advertising, or just a couple people in the office who own Porches and really like the cars. Bias can be internal. They are nice cars. Mechanically ridiculous imho, but lots of people just like them. Some of those people write about it. An air-cooled engine willing to run at much hotter temperatures doesn't need, cannot use, a big drag-creating radiator at the front of the car. But once you put the engine in the back, there are all manner of advantages. You can get rid of the driveshaft (weight) lower the hood (visibility) and be more creative with shape (aero). For Porsche it was all about reducing drag. The original even had covered wheels. http://buildraceparty.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Porsche... If you want to get all definitional, then one might say the porsche/VW were also liquid-cooled. They had oil which did move some heat around. So the line is really whether or not the engine has a separate cooling loop, usually filled with water. There are a couple different temperatures to speak of. There is the overall engine temp, which may well be very similar to a modern engine. But there is also the temperature of the cylinder walls deep inside. An air-cooled engine relies on metal to conduct heat away from the heart of the engine. A water-cooled engine puts a pipe of cold water right alongside the cylinders to physically move heat away. So the internals of an air-cooled engine go through a much wider temperature range during normal operation. With differential metals that means gaps... gaps between the cylinder wall and the piston. That in turn means increased wear and emission-related problems. An air-cooled engine is willing to suffer these issues for the advantage of decreased weight and complexity. An air-cooled engine not willing to suffer this internal heating would be a very slow and heavy engine. Having a hotter cylinder wall can also impact choice of fuels (need higher octane) and compression ratios (need less) as the hot walls might ignite things before the spark. Except for those engines that don't use oil. (Think toy airplanes.) And oil coolers are also found in some water-cooled engines. My old bike (2000 Honda VFR800) used both water and oil-filled radiators. The OP assumes many things about 'turning it off and on again'. Firstly it assumes that turning something off and restarting will bring it back to some default state. That isn't always true, especially for computers. Say some new code has been injected. Restarting, going through the motion of boot and login, may allow that code to do something (harvest logic creds) that it otherwise might not. And the OP assumes that once 'off' has been achieved that "on" is always a possibility. Forget the car. Think airplane that has lost instruments, but the engines are still working. Turning things off might move you from bad to worse. Maybe you stick with the partially-working machine rather than risk bricking things. Amongst 911 owners the 'purists' are those driving machines that do not have room for golf clubs. Any golf-capable Porsche is a compromised vehicle unsuited to the name. Chernobyl started with them 'power cycling' the reactor, an on-off-on test for a backup system. It did not go well. That is the american experience. In the US racism is often defined as oppression of one race by another. There must be a power differential. Taken to the extreme, this allows groups like the KKK to state that they are not racist if they only seek separation rather than oppression. On the flip side, many black americans believe that black people cannot ever be racist because, as an oppressed minority, they lack the necessary power. Both views are extremist nonsense imho but are not uncommon in the US. Some of this can be seen in US political speech. If you first ascribe power to a group then you may attack them without being "racist". The talking heads speak openly about the black/white/latino vote because as voters they are not "oppressed". Statements about such groups are therefore not racist. But you won't see a Canadian newscaster talk of such things. (At least not on a canadian channel. Half of CNN is canadian these days.) Most of the developed world sees racism as the attitude that races should be treated differently even if under the guise of equality. Japan has issues that while unique to Japan are not more substantial than those faced in many western nations. 30 million people. How many suicides would be normal on a given day anyway? A few have probably dropped dead of heart attacks and strokes too. They are probably worse. AM users were predominantly male, which I believe increases the likelihood of suicide. "Very sophisticated" simply means the responding officers didn't immediately understand the attack. That isn't a very high bar imho. I think it has more to do with the method than the act. Men are more likely to have guns, which work very well. Women are less likely to have access to guns and so survive more suicide attempts (pills, jumping off things etc). Same for the military. The 'success rate' for military suicides is higher partially because of ready access to the means. Lol. I read the headline as 'diets cause cancer', that 'cures' for diets were causing cancer in young people. I expected something about diet pills. There is a great Perry Cox speech out there about a patient eating red peppers to cure cancer. Found it... "Dr. Cox: And now I have to take your laptop from you, as I've deemed you just too darn stupid to use it. You see, those bell peppers that you're munching, they aren't gonna do a truckload of jack against the cancer raging inside of your body. Of course, I've only been a doctor for some twenty years, and the person who wrote that Wikipedia entry also authored the Battlestar Galactica episode guide, so what the heck do I know? But if you feel like living, page me." It's missing rather a big one. "Mist" means something very different in german. My point: Is this connected to dictionaries or is it all crowdsourced data? http://www.dict.cc/german-english/Mist.html Mist {m} [ugs.] crap [vulg.] rubbish [esp. Br.] [nonsense] bullshit [vulg.] tripe [coll.] garbage [fig.] bull [derived from bullshit] [Am.] [vulg.] Man, don't put "dumb" anywhere near "retarded". I don't want another literal user for a word (retarded=delayed, dumb=mute) to disappear in the name of political correctness. To quote from TGOTG: "This dumb tree, he is my friend." Groot is dumb because his is effectively a mute. Drax was not commenting in any way on his intelligence. This sort of course isn't for medical school. Maybe undergrad, but to-be doctors have enough on their plate without focusing on the blank areas of scientific knowledge. Once you at a professional school the time for fostering curiosity is long gone. If you;ve dedicated much of your life to a subject then you are already curious. I hesitate to say such a course could be useful at the highschool level. It would certainly encourage independent leaning and humble many subjects. But it would also become political. It's a fine line between teaching the limits of biological knowledge and preaching intelligent design. Li7 + H1 → Be8 → 2He4 + 17.3 MeV, Cold fusion? I'll believe it when I see it. The fact that a patent has been granted is no statement that the technology works or is in an way practical. See http://patentimages.storage.googleapis.com/pages/US3345646-0... Right and wrong is also a subject of opinion. Even the story in the OP is based on some real lawbreaking. We might all agree that these traffic stops go way to far, but they often do start with legitimate infractions (no insurance etc). Perhaps the better answer is to change these petty laws, or amalgamate them into something less difficult to obey. Frankly, the american approach of license+registration+insurance on three separate plans with three separate expiry dates is a minefield. Lawyers can argue about the stop, but it happened. They happen all the time. The cop might not have had probable cause, he stopped the car for no better reason than he wanted to, but that isn't the cause of all the difficulties. It hit the fan when the cop starts running the paperwork. "When Godwin ran Parker’s license, the computer said it was suspended. He also said the registration card was expired." That's the root problem, not the stop. There was, from the cops perspective, a real infraction here. So rather than debate the constitutionality of the stop, we should address the overly-complex system that resulted in this perceived infraction. If the computer was wrong, fix the machine. If the paperwork was actually expired, why are they still using paper? If we don't want cops issuing onerous citations for these things, change the laws so they cannot. We should not patch over bad laws by simply not enforcing them. In many jurisdictions (ie mine) the entire stop would have been perfectly legal. We display out registration/insurance details on a license plates. So cops are perfectly justified in pulling cars over with expired registration/insurance/plates. They need not speculate. They cannot claim suspicion or the need to check paperwork when the plate shows validity. And and driver stepping into a car can see on the plate whether everything is correct. Every cop should be able to lookup a plate and check all the paperwork prior to pulling anyone over. A review? Umpteen billion lines of code, vast new features, privacy issues, tens of thousands of man hours ... and this "reviewer" cannot get past the GUI. Forgetting the accuracy of the OP, I cannot be the only one who doesn't care in the least that adblockers slow load times. Between my ISP's shoddy service, the popups and distracting animations adblockers stop, the net effect is a faster overall experience. A few seconds on page load is a fair price to pay for the increased privacy and security. I have no sympathy whatsoever. He still owes on loans taken to purchase medallions. If things get a little worse this lowlife is surely going to walk away from those loans. If I were uber I'd offer to buy them for the pennies they may soon be worth. >>After breakfast, Freidman walks two blocks east to his temporary digs at Trump Park Avenue on 59th Street. (Sandra is occupying the $4.8 million master residence six blocks north.) After he retrieves a Chihuahua named Harry from upstairs—he signs his e-mails “Yes I Am a Dog Lover” or “adopt-a-pet.com”—the plan is to hop into his Ferrari and zip over to one of his several garages in Queens. Not that he wants that written: “Honestly, I would love the piece not to be about ‘We had breakfast at Cipriani, then we walked over to his Park Avenue apartment, then we got into his Ferrari.’ This pic says more than the article ever could: http://www.bloomberg.com/features/2015-taxi-medallion-king/i... Lol. This reminds me of communizing on my motorcycle in the rain (vfr800). Whenever I lay flat on the tank to avoid the rain a bit every human-driven car thought I was about to rocket past them. I wonder if a similar thing could happen with a motocycle. Someone on a sportbike can strike a much more speed-like pose than someone on a bicycle. Perhaps a motocycle looking like it was speeding into the intersection could convince the robot to panic break? Maybe autodrive cars, but I certainly do not want to see driverless cars. I want meat onboard. Licensed meat. Someone to get the tickets. Someone to sue when the robot does something stupid. Someone with a foot on the hydraulic braking system and mechanical steering for when the electrics fail. I have yet to see a production car that doesn't have manual brakes, either hydraulic in the case of master-slave cylinders or mechanical in the form of parking/emergency brakes, that can be engaged without electricity. There might actually be a rule about that, else parked cars could start drifting away if their batteries run down. The meat is the last hope for when the machines fail. And they do fail. For below: I totally agree that autopilots can be distracting. The same was said of cruise control and even automatic transmissions. We adapt. The chances of those drones flattening me and my motorcycle are extremely slim. Really? How can a cop issue a google-powered car with a ticket for reckless driving? Are cops now to submit bug reports when they see cars making mistakes or misreading signs? They can churn out the tickets, but the likelihood of a ticket altering the machines behavior is very slim. Now if a person is in the car, they can learn where the software falls down and adapt accordingly. If the robot doesn't spot the new speed limit sign, the human can. I'm still waiting to see how these google-cars manage with hand gestures, people directing traffic. Just today I was waved through a red light by a volunteer firefighter not in any sort of uniform. But is there a model that, if you disconnect the battery, has no brakes? The few electronic parking brakes I've seen fail into the on position, much like truck trailers and or traincars. They lock if they loose voltage/pressure from the controlling system. And even those cars had master cylinders under the pedal. Except that in many ways a motocycle is no different than a bicycle, wheelchair, pedestrian, moped, horse+rider, or anyone else not wrapped in steal. Cars must share the road with non-cars. That sounds like a decision made long after becoming homeless. I seriously doubt may people who have homes decide to abandon the lifestyle and take to the streets. I don't think the pilot makes that decision. They push the button according to essentially a decision flowchart. Their decision is based on evidence gathered by others, wanted lists drawn up by politicians, standards written by committees, and orders from commanders. They do not see the guy's face in the truck and match it to a wanted poster. (Even in than scenario the decision is partially made by the person who created the poster.) The pilot/operator may decide the exact moment the ordinance is released, but he is not the person making the decision to kill. That is a very shared responsibility. I see the momentum but question its direction. Why not start with driverless freight trains? That would seem a far more controlled environment and some cities (Vancouver, DisneyWorld) have been doing it with passengers for years. Then self-driving planes. They already have autopilots. When I see people lining up to board a pilotless 747 then I'll start trusting driverless cars to not flatten me from behind as I sit on my bike helpless at a red light. Porn /= "Sex Work" Porn stars are not prostitutes. Getting paid for sex on camera is not the same as getting paid by johns any more than acting in a romantic film constitutes being an escort. The porn industry can be horrific on young girls, but it is an industry with some experience. These amateurs going it on their own could learn a thing or two from the pros. There are standards of behavior, codes of conduct, that while not universal do exist for a reason. Top of the list: Don't sign anything without a lawyer to explain copyright and contract law. Many girls never get paid what they were told they would. At least phone the nearest lawschool and ask about any free legal clinics. Other top of list: Never go to any shoot, casting call or interview alone. Bring someone sober and with their own vehicle. (1) The former is a business transaction protected by the legal system. The later is usually a crime. (2) A transaction for sex with a john takes place in private, alone, often at night and sometimes anonymously. A porn shoot is surrounded by people, all of whom are being paid to be there. It's their work. For below: The dangers and interests of sex workers, prostitutes, are altogether different than those of porn stars. They face very different workplace environments and legal protections. The commonality of a single act, a rather small part of the job, does not equate the two. Because much "porn" doesn't involve any actual sex. See Playboy. Many of these amateur webcam girls aren't even in the same room as anyone else. Not everyone gets to choose their partners in porn. It is true that females do have some say in terms of the male stars, but this is work. Reject too many people and you will be considered difficult to work with and won't be called back. There are a couple "sell us your sextape" websites. I was involved in a couple copyright actions against one. Free legal advice: Don't take footage of known porn star, crank down the resolution/quality, and try to pass it off as your own sextape. And if you are in the biz of buying such tapes, do some research before sending the check. The guy did grab a bunch of documents and flee the country. He may have been doing the right thing but I cannot find fault in US authorities trying to get him back in the immediate aftermath of the leak. It is not for law enforcement or junior diplomats to decide these matters. Someone running with documents is always to be stopped. Pardoning is a matter for the executive rather than agencies or the diplomatic corps. Any security checklist should start with a description both how the machine is to be used and the expected threats models. There are plenty of things in this list that I disagree with, but only because I am looking at different security needs. For instance: I see no mention of Tor or VPNs. So this workstation isn't concerned with APT-style threats, or anyone else with the ability to manipulate network connections at a high level. And my quick read sees no talk of memory encryption or any of the physical measures for countering cold-boot scenarios. This is not a workstation for international (China) travel or for protecting against surveillance. It has some good advice, but is certainly not comprehensive. Ya, all of a paragraph. Any security document, even something as basic as an internal policy statement about passwords, should begin with a thorough discussion of the threats that were in the minds of the drafters. Security is heavily a matter of opinion and perspective. The background on which those are based is therefore as important as the individual recommendations. Once upon a time "felony" meant the sort of crime that you could be executed for. In that context nearly any restriction short of death seems reasonable. But our society has pushed "felony" down to mean anything which might result in custody of a year or more. That used to mean only those sent to prison (jail != prison) would be called felons. But there again society has pushed down the punishments to the point that most "felonies" don't even result in jail time (ie drunk driving). We can all hate lawyers and laws, but throwing around "felon" and "convict" so loosely has brought us to this unsettling situation. I can understand giving a commissioner power to have a "felon" fired or barred from certain employment, but only under the old definition of the word (murders, rapists, arsonists etc). I'm not sure the law could be used to bar any and all employment. It may be constitutional as a 'regulation' but a total ban on any form of work would be a per se deprivation. It's akin to land use rules which can limit used but cannot forbid any and all economic use. That constitutes a taking, as banning someone from any and all work would constitute an unconstitutional exile and/or an ex poste facto increase in punishment. I was going to add to those spotting the risk of contamination but then realized my error. This is an accurate model. The earth wasn't a sealed environment. The earth was and is constantly bombarded by foreign substances. Not a month goes by that I'm not reading about some new organic chemistry in space. That face on mars shows us that life most certainly was brought to earth from elsewhere. So if this machine is contaminated by some student's dandruff then it's only all the more accurate a simulation. if kids are to accept failure then they must be given room to fail. Your average highschool student wanting to go to a good university cannot accept any failure. Bomb a single test and your math grade will slip from the 98% that assures acceptance and the 95% that doesn't. The grade inflation needs to stop. My unpopular answer: more standardized testing. Don't grade homework. Don't grade the science projects. Grade only those things done by the student alone in an exam room. I know that doesn't remove all parental influence, but at least then the parents aren't the ones holding pen to the paper. Oops. I used bomb as a verb. Please mr NSA man open a dictionary before listing me. I've got to cross a couple boarders next week. College, what the rest of the world might call university, has value beyond paychecks. I know it is popular to look down on higher education these days, but there are real personal advantages. Anyone leaving a proper university at least knows how to read and write. That cannot be said of today's highschool students. I truly enjoy being able to follow science even though is has nothing to do with my field. The ability to pick up and journal on astronomy and understand everything it has to say is something I could not have developed at a vocational school. A couple months of in a hard-math stellar astronomy course yields a lifetime of enjoyment. Why is the DOE getting so involved in astronomy/cosmology? I know they are big supporters of science, but normally that science has some relationship to energy or atomic weapons (example: National ignition facility). I don't see how a telescope to map stars and measure dark energy fits into their mandate. Or is this thing part of the new space fence? Is it to be located in the south to spot spysats and/or debris in polar orbits? Drugs laws are too extreme and should be rolled back, but I do not like the way the OP uses the term "nonviolent drug crimes". "Police said Mizanskey conspired to sell 6 pounds of marijuana to a dealer connected with Mexican drug cartels." Taking that as true because we don't have anything else to go on, the Mexican drug trade is far from nonviolent. It is very easy to say that someone's actions were themselves nonviolent, but when they are aiding something that is very violent then it isn't so simple. I'd have much more sympathy if this guy had grown the pot in his closet and sold it to friends. Anyone else get sense the desperation in this? Once upon a time every middle-class home had to have a piano. Now they are relics. Sales of home pianos have tanked. Steinway sells to the pros, a small market, and the very rich. But those very rich who were raised with pianos in every home are getting older. Their kids don't want to spend $$$,$$$ on a great piano and the maintenance it requires. So Steinway is injecting technology in hopes of keeping the rich onside. Pianos, the good ones, last for decades. But what will this ipod-dependant thing look like in 2030 or 2060? Will they join their brethren in concert halls, or lie forgotten in grandma's storage locker? An old Steinway is a useful device capable of doing the same job today as it did when built. An network-enabled ipad accessory will not age so well. Arrogant, as is typical of those with a financial stake in a particular version of progress. This guy is under the belief that his version of the future will happen and that it is his job to help others realise that truth. Technological progress may be inevitable, but that progress envisioned by any particular person is not. Nanodegrees may seem a good idea, and they no doubt make sense financially to google, but that does not make them inevitable. People have been attending today's traditional schools since long before the Aztecs were even a thing (Cambridge 1200s). There is wisdom in those years. It may be time to change that wisdom, but it won't happen within a generation. Self-driving cars seem likely but are not inevitable. All sorts of safety-enhancing technologies are dropped for apparently irrelevant reasons. Why do we sell cars that can break speed limits? Why do school buses not have seat belts? Why do planes still have error-prone pilots? Why are alcohol and cigarettes still a thing? Each of those have at some point been challenged by technological progressives who though their version of the future was unavoidable. Each was proven wrong. Only the arrogant assume the future. fyi, anyone who thinks driverless cars are inevitable should look at the futurama exhibit of 1939. We were then going to have them by 1960. Then it was ford. Now it is google. I'll believe it when I see it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Futurama_%28New_York_World%27s... My point: There are often seemingly irrational reasons why new technologies are not adopted. One can make all rational arguments only to have them fall down when it comes to implementation. It is arrogant to assume that one today can perfectly predict technology tomorrow. (I say perfectly because the OP references only a narrow range of self-drive tech, not acknowledging all the other options.) A touchscreen as an NES controller? Forget the latency and touch issues. NES controllers and game controllers generally are built like rocks compared to touchscreens. I see fields of cracked screens. A new controller is far cheaper than a new smartphone, making this concept a financial nightmare for users. The 717 is also one of the few large jets readily converted for gravel runways, giving it a long future in northern operations. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravelkit Because you don't have the money on hand to return it to flight (ie a part needs replacement). Or it is being held by some creditor and its storage should be called a seizure. There are lots of very expensive parked planes. Ever watch the mythbusters? All the stunts they do with jet engines are with a group of parked 747s. The engines have to be runup every so often to maintain flight readiness. Yes but Google does higher lots of young people. They would rather higher kids not saddled by debt. Recent grads without debts will settle for lower salaries than those who need to pay down massive student loans. As a general rule, industry prefers narrowly-targeted education for skilled/unskilled workers. But when it comes to managers those four/six/eight-year degrees from centuries-old universities are all important. You don't see many executives without degrees. Founders may forgo education, but not so much the people they higher to run things. Does the size savings matter in comparison to the effort needed to identify (URL) and download the file? I mean to say, is this purely an exercise in graphics optimization or will Google see practical costs savings? Bossfights. If you have two thumbs, two hands, wrapped around a device it doesn't take much to break things. Phone touchscreens are built on the assumption the user is looking at the screen, targeting an icon of some sort. I think people will use much more force when the aren't looking at the screen, when they are jabbing at a stationary icon/button hundreds of times during a play session. 80ish % steel. The 25 did use some aluminum and titanium where needed. The good engineering was in determining where steel was good enough and where it wasn't. Absolutely no difference. Only a handful of near-modern planes (a-10) have any real armor protecting the plane itself. Pilots often sit in metal tubs, but the overall plane is unprotected from anything physical beyond bird strikes. Any protection is incidental to the structural requirements. There might be something to say for a metal with a higher melting/yield temp that could survive longer in a fire but I don't think that enters into the design equation. The generational shift isn't between people, but between decades. Many of the "leave no trace" hikers today were very different in their youth. Look through the history and you will find people in the 60s regularly doing things that today are simply not allowed (fires, cutting down small trees etc). So it isn't that people are different today. There are just more of them on trails. Some would say the answer is to provide more services such as better camping accommodations and harder trail surfaces to handle the extra people. I do not support this. I suggest that making trails easier attracts more people, only exacerbating the problem. It's a game that cannot be won. So rather than try to accommodate all these people, perhaps parts of the trail should be made less accommodating. Rock climbers do this all the time. See debates over sport (heavily bolted) v. traditional climbing methods. Adding safety features to a route attracts more traffic. Making/keeping a route difficult or even dangerous keeps beginners away, which reduces traffic. If we assume that there will always be more people in the future than there are now, that if nothing changes population pressure will always increase, then actively trying to keep people away may be the only sustainable plan. But allowing so many people to enjoy that beauty simultaneously works to destroy that beauty. So to protect you must either you take steps to dissuade people, or resort to some form of enforced quota system. When it comes to public resources I'd rather see dissuasion than quotas. If machismo works to reduce the footfall on a trail, so be it. That's much better than a gated trailhead manned by a guard taking tickets. And its far better than paved sidewalks and concrete staircases replacing trails. Handrails? Fire pits? Patrols walking trails? That isn't wilderness. That's disneyworld. If you put a ladder up the nose (el Capitan) it isn't the nose anymore. It isn't wild. It isn't beautiful or majestic. It's just another theme park deserving of the hordes of fat impolite and irresponsible tourists it will attract. Everything russian, from Antonov to the Bear bombers, are designed for rough strips. The classic russian design criteria are high-wings and oversized landing gear. The classic american design is tiny gear and low wings placing the engines within feet of the ground. Wait a second. Nasa is the US government. This manual is therefore not protected by copyright, at least not within the US. And they are charging 79$? They can do so, but 79 seems a little high given that once anyone gets their hands on it they can in turn sell their own copies again. How much for the pdf? Specialized equipment = Ladders. Having engines close to the ground means you can open doors and check things without climbing 10, 20, 30 feet into the air. But the literal flip side to this is maneuverability. The russian approach (high wings sloped down) results in better turning and roll performance. If you look at american military planes, especially the cargo planes like the c5, they are generally look more russian with neutral or even negative dihedrals, high wings and high engines. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Galaxy_Antarctica.jpg I have to ask, but since so much of Hawaii's electricity production feeds air conditioners wouldn't it be more efficient to pipe this cold water into houses as coolant? Or to a datacenter? The OP states that the cold water intake is a 5c. That would seem cool enough to either directly cool houses, or at least greatly increase the efficiency of their air conditioners. For the later you wouldn't need to evaporate anything. Just cooling the air conditioner with water rather than external air. Corrosion is an immense problem with salt water in large systems. Eliminating dissimilar metals across so many parts is tricky. Even then, unless you're going to plate everything in gold, corrosion will happen. The far easier solution is a heat exchanger between the saltwater and some other working fluid (ie radiator fluid) inside the system. I'm a bit surprised that the hawaii rig is pumping in actual sea water rather than dropping a radiator into the depths. That intake pipe will corrode eventually. Forgetting the laws, what sort of people can so casually kill like this? There are basic human instincts not to hurt people. Armies have to train soldiers to ignore these feelings because without training most won't kill even under combat situations. So when I see someone kill so casually I have to believe that they have rehearsed the scenario in their head beforehand. That means a large number of chinese people drive around with a plan in their head covering how to kill should they injure someone. They are mentally prepared at all times to commit murder on demand. That's messed up. It does not speak well of the country or its citizens when they travel abroad. Not the best source, but this is common knowledge in many circles: "In a squad of 10 men, on average fewer than three ever fired their weapons in combat. Day in, day out — it did not matter how long they had been soldiers, how many months of combat they had seen, or even that the enemy was about to overrun their position. This was what the highly regarded Brigadier General Samuel Lyman Atwood Marshall, better known as S.L.A. Marshall, or ‘Slam,’ concluded in a series of military journal articles and in his book, Men Against Fire, about America’s World War II soldiers. " http://www.historynet.com/men-against-fire-how-many-soldiers... And: "This was a problem for the US military and its allies during World War II. New training implements were developed and hit rates improved. The changes were small, but effective." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killology In response to below, many large animals have instincts about not killing their own kind. It is either too physically dangerous (a similarly-sized opponent) or in the case of social animals too socially costly, depriving the group of a member that represents significant investment. Wolves and lions will kill each other, but never casually. Creepy. It like that scene from x-men where the kid is asked to find all the mutants. The OP only replaces one fiction with a slightly more accurate fiction. The OP described only of the 'spheres in a vacuum' version of physics that tends to fall apart outside the classroom. (1) There are no spheres in realworld gravity. Earth is not round. The moon is not round. Even black holes are not round. Realworld orbits, orbits around non-round bodies, are not this predictable. (2) For purposes of space travel there is no "out of atmosphere". There are detectable wisps of gas out almost to the moon. This is the primary reason orbits decay, especially anything close to earth. The ISS would fall out of the sky very quickly without constant correction for the atmosphere it is flying through 24/7. Pointing out errors in science fiction is a fools errand. If they listen to you and correct all the errors that you've pointed out, someone else then shows up demanding that all their errors also be accommodated. The next thing you know Freeman Dyson is on set pointing out that the stars in your backdrop are upside down. An inaccurate piece of science fiction isn't as bad a one that claims scientific accuracy when it clearly stopped listening to the Mr Dysons half way through production. Hellburners are is no way equivalent to any nuclear weapon. The renaissance had no such equivalents. The description of any ancient weapon in terms of weapons of mass destruction is disingenuous. It lessens the term and suggests that such weapons are nothing new in history. That leads to arguments for their regulation and use in historical terms: Elizabeth used hellburners then, so we should be able to use tactical nukes today. 1650:1? What's Microsoft's ratio? MS claims "1.5 billion people use Windows every day." 1500000000 / 1650 = 909091 Does MS have 900,000 call center people? I'm betting not. It may an apples and oranges comparison (app v. OS) but 1650:1 remains nothing special in the world of customer support. I would much rather then brag about how quickly customer concerns are dealt with or how few are routed to voicemail. http://rhetorica.net/bias.htm Nuclear weapons are not unique only in terms of blast size. The radiation they create is a wholly new danger with no historical president. The creation, handling storage and eventual disposal of nuclear material is also new. The hellburners had, perhaps, a few tons worth of explosive. And it was blackpowder rather than TNT. A relatively tiny nuke, such as the AIM-26 air-to-air missile, explodes with the equivalent of 250 metric tonnes of TNT. The smallest ever nukes are in the 10-50 tonnes range, still well beyond the blackpowder in any hellburner. The proportion of energy released as radiation and/or fallout is generally inversely related to yield (less confinement of the critial mass > less efficient burning). So Be afraid of tiny nukes. The the future they will likely use antimatter, not as explosive but as a neutron source. That would allow for much smaller nukes once they figure out how to keep the antimatter suspended within the uranium shell. Such weapons could burn uranium very efficiently, resulting in much reduced fallout. I don't want to sound like I am denying climate change, but bodies coming out to glaciers happens regardless of climate change. Glaciers move. Snow falls neat the top, compresses into ice, slides downhill to melts when it gets warmer. That happens 24/7 no matter what. How long a body, or rock, or anything else stays in the glacier is not a function of heat so much as where it enters the ice. Glaciers, at least those on mountainsides, don't move like rivers. It's more of a U-shape path. Start near the top and you will be pulled in deeper (more snow on top of your) travel further and melt out near the bottom. Die near the mid point and you will melt out very much sooner because You won't have as much snow/ice above you before you get passed the point where melting overcomes snow accumulation. See http://www.climatesnack.com/2013/10/04/ice-can-flow-like-ket... Climate change may accellerate the process a little if warming causes the glacier to shrink, but the greater factor is always the point (altitude) where the body enters the ice. Hack the north? Waterloo is north? Contrary to popular belief, not all of Canada is a frozen northern wasteland. Waterloo is further south than 11 US states. It's about as "north" as the south of France (Got to love google maps). Save the north talk and the arctic midnight motif for when you come to UNBC. The term "hack the north" suggests some effort to deal with uniquely northern problems such as a lack of broadband and poor access to satellites. The tourism people aren't so hyped on the dark-and-frozen imagery. Waterloo is currently 25* and sunny. I was talking to a real estate agent last week who had to reassure an overseas buyer that Canadian summers do exist, that a heated driveway was not a necessity in Vancouver. Two points: 1) "The north" is an actual area, with unique technological problems, none of which involve southern Ontario. Canada has particular relationships with "the north" in areas from climate change to Native rights to arctic sovereignty. Canada even has a minister Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development. Waterloo is certainly not on his radar. "The true north" may be in the song, but you won't hear many Canadians refer to all of Canada as any north. 2) "Hack the north" suggests some sort of event dealing with northern problems. HackMIT is accurate because it involves MIT. It's not a call to hack (verb) MIT but MIT is a physical place an it is at least happening at that location. But MIT is not a region of the planet with unique circumstances. Would a HackAfrica or HackOceania event having nothing to do with African or pacific problems be appropriate? I wouldn't, but I expect many New Yorkers might take issue with being called southerners. And southerners might take issue with a "Hack the South" name on an event held in Vermont. I don't think it was kept secret to diminish embarrassment or save face. The impact on satellites was an outcome of the test. It was part of the weapon's overall effectiveness. How well your weapons work on specific targets, even those outside the test area, is exactly the type of information you try to keep out of enemy hands. Actually no. HackTheNorth is unique on that list. Every other one seems, to me, accurate in terms of geography. All but a couple are named after the unique place where they are being held. Those with regional descriptors (Desert Hacks) seem accurate. But only the waterloo event uses both "Hack" as a verb and addresses a region totally outside of its location. It is also the only one to include "the", suggesting that the thought process behind the name was slightly different. The sats for HBO are geostationary. Hitting them with nukes is a far cry from disrupting those in low orbits. You would need a much bigger rocket and significantly better aim (GST=35000km vs. LEO=150km). I doubt it. The vanallen belts were predicted long ahead of time and were confirmed during the very first sat missions (explorer 1). They were known not to be dangerous, at least not in comparison to riding a rocket. The amount of dangerous radiation penetrating any spacecraft would be minimal in comparison to that constantly funneled into the belt from space. The vanallen belts are often mentioned by moon hoax people to suggest that manned spaceflight is impossible. Mr Van Allan has been interviewed several times to dispute this assertion. "Northern Canada, colloquially the North, is the vast northernmost region of Canada variously defined by geography and politics." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Canada Not really. This wasn't a speeding ticket. Serious money was spent on this investigation and equally serious money was spent by the accused on his defense. The worry is best expressed by the Dr. Xi's lawyer... "If he was Canadian-American or French-American, or he was from the U.K., would this have ever even got on the government’s radar? I don’t think so,” Mr. Zeidenberg said." The implication is that investigators are targeting Chinese-americans under the assumption that Chinese-american's are sending information to china and so must be scrutinized. That sort of thinking leads to dark places. Imho money a far greater motivation than family history or racial affiliation. That should be the focus. What lack? National solidarity is a big thing for Americans. I think they assume everyone is innately loyal to their birth country. This in turn causes them to distrust those many Americans born elsewhere. Ted Cruz (born in canada) was pushed into having the canadian government renounce his potential citizenship, something unheard of in immigration law. She was to be the Queen's representative, effectively the head of state. That's a rather special circumstance. And another point: The entire concept of renouncing citizenship is strange. Citizenship isn't something you own, it's also a duty. Most countries do not allow their citizens to walk away. China and the US famously believe that everyone remains a citizen wherever they go in life. You cannot walk away from US citizenship (the draft, Vietnam etc) anymore than you can decide to move to canada and stop paying US taxes. That made Ted Cruz's request even more odd. They didn't trust each other, with good reason. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambridge_Spy_Ring Dude. Read the fine print: "Persons who wish to renounce U.S. citizenship should be aware of the fact that renunciation of U.S. citizenship may have no effect whatsoever on his or her U.S. tax or military service obligations (contact the Internal Revenue Service or U.S. Selective Service for more information)." You may give up the right to vote, but you are still subject to taxation rules and/or military service, both of which can change at any time. You sometimes hear of Canadian celebrities in the US (there are lots of them) debating whether or not they should become US citizens: short v long-term tax advantages. The really outside case is treason charges. A renounced US citizen can still be charged as a traitor for acts committed overseas, whereas a non-citizen would have to commit the acts within the US for treason to be an option. Are any Apple execs under investigation? They certainly have loads of communication in and out of china, own lots of property in china, send money to chinese businesses daily and communicate directly with countless government officials. If suspects are selected based on "significant correspondence with China" then lots of people at big tech companies should be under constant surveillance. People have been going on about mining the ocean floor for decades. The entire industry was arguably born out of a disinformation campaign (see Glomar Explorer) and has been bouncing in and out of fashion ever since. Every new player pulls up some rocks, build a few spreadsheets, and starts arguing commercial viability. Look deeply at those spreadsheets and you will find assumptions that X Y and Z minerals will spike in value because at current prices it isn't worth the effort. Yes, governments are now selling "permits" but how much has been actually paid? I suspect those buying these permits have yet to fork over any cash. The acquisition of permits seems just a marketing stunt to draw in new investors. And the anger by environmentalists is just yet more publicity. If ocean mining has a future, it isn't in the depths. Valuable substances can be extracted at the surface. http://www.technologyreview.com/news/514751/novel-material-s... Unless that crossover into viability is preempted by some other technology. Look at oil. Everyone was screaming about the peek in supply capacity (peek oil) but that inflection point may have been preempted by a reduction in demand (fracking, electric cars, solar etc). The viability of mining the seafloor could similarly be preempted by new tech. Oceanfloor work has already seen one such preemption: manned operations. Back in the 60s-90s everyone was talking about sending people down, but that was preempted by improvements in robotics, especially fiber optics. "When street cleaning ends at 1:00 p.m. dispatchers, mechanics, and body men pitch in to help Kiouvas get all of the cabs back onto the street—quickly, before neighbors' cars fill in." That's just evil. Rushing out to fill public parking spots. I feel sorry for any retail business in the area who's customers are now blocked out by this yellow tide filling the street. Nobody likes parking meters, but this is why they were invented. College is needed. College is needed because US highschools are horrible. I see too many people in the tech community with zero useful communication skills. They don't know how to speak properly let alone write properly. The documents they produce are gibberish. Sure, they can spin up a cloud server and get it doing something useful, but they are totally unable to explain what they are doing to others. They then claim this lack of communication is rooted in those other people lacking tech knowledge. College, university, provides bedrock standards through which educated people communicate effectively. Reading Shakespeare in english 101 isn't going to help you compile a new app, but it will help you communicate with someone on the other side of the planet who also studied Shakespeare in some other classroom. The ability to articulate not general feelings but specifics communicable to others without mistranslation is a skill very much lacking in the tech world. Give the Chinese some credit for this one. At least they are being open about the demand. This pledge seems a bilateral acknowledgement of the situation. China can demand backdoors and so can the US (calea). Such things are legal in their respective countries. Companies, especially those that are publicly-traded, must appease local governments if they want to keep shareholders happy. Our anger should instead be focused on solutions to surveillance that do not rely on trusting corporations. F/OSS tools and client-side encryption is the path forwards, not extracting unenforceable promises from trillion-dollar tech giants. 1) The Arab League is not a country. It is a group of representatives from several countries, few of which really get along with each other. Statement and edicts from the league are not law to be obeyed by people but by countries (they need to ratify by passing local laws). The league cannot directly require anything of any vendor. 2) Lots of laws in the arab world are not enforced. Outsiders often find these and assume they mean something. They do not. In totalitarian states what matters is what the ruling group wants to do. The existence or non-existence of a written law is very much beside the point. That isn't the US model. US corps report only to shareholders and governments who provide access to markets. What you describe is closer to German model whereby corps also report to employees who elect board members. But in no country does a corporation respond to the people at large. If they did, then we would probably call them a government agency rather than a corporation. It's a women's fashion publication. By the age of the models they use, their target market is girls age 15-25. (As opposed to tabloids or mags targeting an older range of women, see http://www.zoomermag.com/ ). Given that target market I can see why facebook might have been appealing ... ten years ago. The young are walking away from facebook, women in particular. Most walked the day their grandparents and highschool teachers joined. But young women are really walking away these days because they find any picture of them on facebook is quickly harvested for use by some shady dating website. As one student expressed it to me, facebook has a "serious creep factor". So nobody should be surprised that a fashion mag lost money on facebook ads. I'd suggest which form of social media is better for this market, but as I am not a teenager whatever I say will just make me look old and out of touch. On facebook, but do they really use it in a manner profitable to advertisers? Those I know have erected behavioral barriers to protect themselves (privacy settings, not clicking things, quick unfriending) that limit their marketability to advertisers. "You’re right. I should apologize,’’ Barbie said. ‘‘I’m not mad anymore. I just want to be friends again." So this barbie "friend" is incapable of walking away, of ending the friendship, and will basically say or do anything to keep the child happy and talking. That's not friendship. That's a perverse version of siri. Lol, perfect marketing. Instead of the kid saying "I don't like this doll anymore" she can now say "I need a new doll, this one doesn't like ME anymore." I'd say that mattel is following the market on this one. Toys is a competitive industry chasing a fickle consumer. Surely every toy is heavily focus grouped. Children at doll-playing age, imho, lend themselves to binary extremes. They don't do subtlety. Either they like something to death or hate it with a passion. So the toy that sells is that which takes the image to an extreme. It was nature. Puppies do the same thing. All baby mammals seek renewed attention when attention ends. It's an ancient survival instinct. "Shady promotion, sex trafficking, and data mining are just some of the tricks of the trade for Facebook's growing population of fakers" http://www.dailytech.com/Fakebook+Pt+I+From+The+Chive+to+Ask... On dating websites' use of stolen images: " He said: "We'd steal someone's identity through say My Space or something, we'd take someone from a totally different country, ie. Spain or wherever it may be. [...] We'd take the person's photos online and we'd start knocking out messages. It was all fake and under the pretence that it was real." http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/1020771... And yes, I have met people who have had their profile pics used elsewhere. TinEye is a great tool for discovering such incidents. Then again I used to work in the entertainment industry (film) and now teach a forensics class to young people at a local college so I probably run into it more often than the average. Simpsons - s05e14 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ej0iUcgNCpg > the interests of consumers and corporations are naturally aligned in general Maybe in the perfect magical world of highschool civics where consumers have total freedom to choose from amongst competitive products and corporations are perfectly open about privacy. The reality is much less idealized. Corporations lie to customers daily. Contracts bind customers to not adopt competitive products. And state-sanctioned monopolies in many counties (US/Canada/China) severely limit choice. Any publicly traded corporation, by definition, is only interested in money. Sometimes appeasing customers helps that bottom line, but often it doesn't. Sometimes screwing over you customers is the way, especially when those customers have nowhere else to go. It depends on the DRM. If the DRM is the type that identifies and reports on the identity of the user, then it is ironic. But if the DRM is user-neutral and doesn't report back to anyone, then you are correct. Would it be less ironic if they published the information on a website supported by targeted adds? There aren't many privacy-friendly options to monetize content these days without resorting to donations. It is interesting to here of situations where traditional oral histories line up with scientific measurement. It's a fun topic. But after a while these articles give the false impression that oral traditions are somehow trustworthy. Few ever talk about where the oral history is fundamentally incorrect. It always seems that the scientific discovery comes first, that the oral confirmation is just window dressing in the press release. Is the "extraordinary thing" of confirmation the norm? How many oral histories were disproved during this research? These articles also tend to polish out the rough edges. How exactly did this people fleeing the rising water levels "negotiate" with peoples in the interior? Was this controlled mediation? Or does the term "negotiate" also cover outright war between cultures? Perhaps part of the reason these stories survived was the bloodshed surrounding their creation. I'd like to see the transcripts. You think it's bad in tech, try putting 'legal' or 'attorney' into you profile. "I need a TOS document for a social media website that is binding in all jurisdictions. 50$" or.. "Our app needs a privacy policy that will protect us from lawsuit in China and Europe. 100$" I don't turn them down anymore. Rather, I unless I have an ethical duty I don't respond. It always ends in an ugly argument. I wish the fed allowed me to borrow at their rates. In fact, if I had access to such rates I could turn that money around and could loan it back to the fed for a substantial profit. I wonder if anyone else has though of that? > At one time, it was the Federal Reserve's job: "to take away the punch bowl just as the party gets going" The feds job is to on occasion liven up a dieing party by making a beer run, sometimes a couple beer runs. It isn't the fed's job to drive everyone to the beer store and open a tab. Rather then deal with the reasons why the party is failing, this fed has given them the lift, bought the beer and hired some strippers. There is a fine line between fun and reckless. Tired, but the switch to the JD also has to do with the US draft. They wanted attorneys who were drafted to be paid on par with other pros like dentists. And the upgrade away from the 'undergrad' label had advantages for those students taking deferments. The standard 2-year deferment for gradschool didn't cover the 3 years needed for law school. Lawschool is a strange thing somewhere between a gradschool and a doctorate. It's a professional school that, like med school, isn't directly comparable to other degree programs. Lawyers require much more than a law degree. There are background checks, multi-day exams, mandatory professional development, insurance and all manner of ethical obligations. Licensed engineers have some professional burdens but they pale in comparison. Typical Canadians. Their country's flag is smaller than the GMC logo. I hope someone from UofT alumni relations gives them a call. If you are going for a speed record, you need something more like this: http://cdn.rsvlts.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/olympics-sk... So my question is now: In terms of aerodynamics, what aren't they doing? Some commentators have noted that the shape of this bike is just about as good as it can get. The rider/engine is also not going to see any vast improvements. So rather than this become a pure athletic event, where can engineers look for improvements? Will they have to start dealing with boundary layer issues? Will the next generation of bike be covered in golfball-like holes to reduce turbulence? More, but only those little ones where the island is smaller than the road so that motorcycles can fly strait through. Golfball-like dimples are only half my question. In aircraft much work has been done on reducing boundary layer issues with suction holes that actively remove turbulent air. Some aircraft engines, the SR-71's in particular, do this to ensure 'clean' intake air. Subsonic: http://www.dtic.mil/dtic/tr/fulltext/u2/274329.pdf Supersonic: http://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/2006002... It's not luge. When the idiot goes head-first they call it skeleton. If we are playing fast with the rules re sides, was there any rule at the time saying the black King couldn't take the black Knight? That would break the check, force white to move the rook to block, allow the black king to take the rook, and place black in a winning position. I don't see why not. The initial run is essentially the storing up of momentum. From that, running up a flywheel inside the bike is just storing the same energy in a different place. With the increased number of ultra-rich these days, Concorde or another SST is probably more viable then ever. It's certainly less ridiculous than talk of suborbital rocket planes. The kid in me wants to see Concorde fly as an aircraft, but the working adult would see it as yet another toy for the very rich, undeserving of any special consideration from my ilk. When I see a ferrari drive by I think "cool car" but I certainly would be against any and all tax breaks or special treatment to keep it on the road. Mounting a Concorde on a special platform in the middle of the London Tames seems like a cheap tourist trap. Is there any real advantage for 'regular supersonic flights' these days? Shaving an hour or two off the flying time is all well and good, but on nearly every trip I spend more time in the airports and taxis than in the air. Perhaps greater time savings could be made elsewhere and with far less effort. One hour transit to the airport? HA! Forgetting traffic. You'll need at least an hour just to clear security. Yes, but you aren't going to see wealthy people (generally older) going through the astronaut training, tying in with 5-point harnesses, climbing into a vertically-mounted fuselage, then pulling 3+Gs on "takeoff" followed by several vomit-filled minutes of weightlessness before reversing the entire process. Imagine the chaos of a dozen members of the general public experiencing zero gravity for the first time. Better bring lots of towels ... and an umbrella. IP addresses can be geolocated. Big deal. This article seems a little out of date when it comes to what an IP address means for home users. (For mobile users, there are far easier means of tracking than via IP address.) For instance.... "One important thing to note is that most consumers probably have a “dynamic ip address” meaning that your internet service provider probably rotates this ip address ever 24-48 hours. Your internet service provider usually charges more money for static ip addresses which is where you keep the same ip forever." Really? Mine hasn't changes in over a year. My ISP could change it, but absent any reason to do so they don't bother. Once upon a time they would assign new IPs when boxes turned off and on, but security measures these days mean neighbourhoods are assigned small pools of IPs. Turn off and on and you will more often than not be assigned the same IP. Besides, nobody turns off cable/DSL modems anymore anyway. Truly dynamic IP's disappeared with dialup. And... "So each and every web request I make to any website, can find out my city, state, zip code, internet service provider, time zone, average city income, average population, and if I’m residential." Nope. Mine is always wrong. All the geolocation services place my IP in the wrong city. That's because my area is served by boxes one town over. So all the info gathered via my IP address beyond which state/province I'm in would be incorrect. These online IP databases are not the same as actually phoning an IP for a street address. They are at best a good guess. So this isn't a free market. This negative price is the result of an artificial market created by government subsidies. If someone is selling something at negative prices, then there is a business opportunity for someone to buy that product and throw it away. Someone could setup a giant space heater to do nothing more than absorb electricity. The windfarms would pay this entity to keep buying power at no cost until the price approached the subsidy. Perhaps a steel mill or aluminum smelter could be paid to fire up another furnace for no other reason than to suck up power. I'm all for free markets and green energy subsidies, but I am totally against waste. Hopefully some market actor will appear with the ability to store and resell energy. That might be homes with batteries and net metering. Open trade in rhino horn? The only market-based approach I'd tolerate would be the development and flooding of the market with an indistinguishable synthetic horn designed to trigger impotence in all the idiots who buy it. The answer isn't in economics. It isn't even in protecting rhinos. The answer is to educate all the stupid men of the world that still believe that eating something shaped like a penis will increase their virility. That myth is the real issue. I really don't care whether such things are part of any culture or belief system. You don't get to wipe out such a species because you cannot bother to exercise enough to keep it up on your own. >This seems like a weird market for Apple to be pursuing because they’re such a consumer oriented company, but it seems likely that the future of transportation will be less oriented around individual car ownership. Apple is a company that wants to make money. They'd go into turkey farming if they thought they could make more money there than in phones. If individual ownership is on the out (it isn't imho and that is a totally separate question from driverless tech) then apple wants to be the company that owns/leases/copyrights/patents the cars, the software and absolutely everything else. Dominance of specific markets is apple's game. There is a synergy between apple's customer base and driveless tech. Apple owners are generally early adopters with cash to spend on fashion items. As with any new tech, the first few iterations of any driverless car scheme will be short-lived and expensive. Apple knows that its fashion-chasing users will be all over these things. Requiring "drivers" to control cars via iPhones would just be gravy. Crops infect insects with viruses? Wasn't that the plot of the X-Files movie? This was 1973 and a pen-on-paper EKG. The sensitivity re disconnecting things might be slightly less than you are used to these days. This was 40+ years ago. If such things were actually possible, with the advance of information technology we should see more, not less, of these accomplishments recorded. We should see cellphone footage from every angle of yogis who can fly. We should have ground-penetrating radar and webcam thermal imaging of those burying themselves. There is a line in the movie Close Encounters about how car accidents are real but had never been filmed (the point being that a lack of footage does not mean UFOs are not real). That was 1977. We now have millions more cameras and plenty of recorded car accidents because car accidents are in fact real. Conversely, bigfoot and UFO footage has all but disappeared with the increased numbers of cameras. Bigfoot is not real. Neither are these superhuman yogis. No doubt they can survive longer in harsh environments than the average person, but they cannot violate the laws of physics. If they could, we would rewrite those laws and hand them noble prizes for their work. The apple car will happen. That doesn't mean it will work in the long term. And it doesn't mean that Apple will be a market leader. See the iWatch, AppleTV and the iMac. Not all of their products are market-changers. Watch the car companies. If they thought the days of personal car ownership were over they would be in total panic. There is a strong Freudian association with cars ownership in north america. People are very proud of their cars. That isn't going away anytime soon. As I have said in other threads, if everyone wants diverless cars, why is there not a single car on the market hardwired to obey speed limits? I'll believe people ready to have their steering wheels taken away when I first see them give up control of their accelerators. Something standing in front of me that cannot be scientifically proven not to be human, would be a human. A robot that accurate down to the microscopic may be a synthetically-grown human but nevertheless still a human being. CGI will always be behind the curve. Science requires repeatability by independent researchers. A CGI hoax cannot survive independent footage of the event. So CGI cannot survive scientific scrutiny. It can certainly survive fake scrutiny (see viral vids) but not real investigation by people looking for the hoax. It's not that simple. I'm talking about phenomena for which we have lots of evidence. There is lots of evidence for Bigfoot and UFOs, but amount does not equate to quality or proof. My point is that with the increased number and quality of cameras and lower burden of creating footage we should see exponentially more footage over time rather than less. The recording of real phenomena should be directly related to the number and quality of cameras or other recording devices (see rogue waves, shark attacks). Phenomena that seem inversely related or at least disconnected from the spread of cameras (Bigfoot, UFOs etc) become less likely to be real over time. We still get occasional new footage or other evidence, but it doesn't fit the curve followed by known real phenomena. That isn't very far fetched. That was England not very long ago. "However, consuming human remains fit with the leading medical theories of the day. “It emerged from homeopathic ideas,” says Noble. “It’s 'like cures like.' So you eat ground-up skull for pains in the head.” http://www.smithsonianmag.com/history/the-gruesome-history-o... F-22 performing Cobra https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUdt6ZSWUsI But the cobra is not the definition of supermaneuverability: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kulbit Su-37 Kulbit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZg0jZfI6Cg F-22A Kulbit (@1:25) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrBx6G2O6A4 America does the formation stuff very well, but the Russians are in different league in terms of single-aircraft demonstrations. See below @1:16 for some variations on the cobra. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_wc04VQXCM Go ahead and ban new OSes on radio hardware. These are radios. Anyone can build them (see the ubertooth). My startup will be called "locked down radios" and our products will come with a very serious EULA instructing you to never ever ever cut that one little wire blocking you from flashing on new software. (serious business to do now. The new Muppets show is on.) Examining, reporting, and eventually litigating the ins and outs of emissions control software is beside the point. This could have been, was, detected by measuring the junk coming out the tailpipe. The thing to do is to allow researchers to test cars in realworld situations and then actually listen to them when they report anomalies. > If any solution prevented some large percent of poaching incidents, would it not be a net improvement? Perhaps for the Rhino, a single species, but this isn't just about them. Tigers, bears, lions, elephants ... nearly everything bigger and more powerful than humans gets chopped up for "traditional medicine". We cannot start farming each and every critter some group thinks is magic. Market-based approaches are also an acknowledgment of the underlying mythology. I'm generally opposed to all quack medicine. Most of us are annoyed but not screaming mad when we see homeopathic junk for sale a drugstores. We laugh, try to educate our friends, and perhaps sign a petition to ban such practices. But if I see baby rhino horns for sale at WholeFoods expect blood. The testing was in place, but the software was designed to detect the testing process. A simple hack would be something like: (Hood open)or(doors open)+(Throttle>0)=I'm being tested. That would be enough to hide from standard testing procedures. Systems designed to defeat specific test are nothing new. The biggest example I can think of are the Buell (Harley) bikes that use an exhaust bypass designed to keep the bike quite at RPMs used during the CA test. If I remember the story correctly, the F-22 was never meant to do the cobra/kulbit. But when they saw the russians doing it at shows they had to come up with something. Anyone interested in maneuverability or russian planes generally needs to see this: (the SU-47) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2MW8DoJJXg NewsRadio 29 s3e01 - Jimmy (Stephen Root) runs for president. @18:39 "With all due respect sir, are you running for president just to meet women?" I was going to provide a youtube link, but this isn't the place for piracy. Feel free to find it yourself. I wouldn't be that sure about Apple's design savvy. Making a fashionable computer was relatively easy. Nobody else was even trying before Apple came along. But cars? Thousands of designers have been working for decades on that one. BMW, Ferrari, Porsche, Honda ... billions of dollars and countless careers have been spent playing with every little detail. There isn't much that hasn't been tried before. This is what I see when someone mentions an "apple car": http://oldconceptcars.com/1930-2004/citroen-karin-concept-19... No teaching law? Scream about lawyers if you want, but they serve a purpose. Nobody wants to live in a society without laws. Equally, a society with laws but without people expert in that law cannot expect to follow it. Would anyone want their case heard by someone who hasn't studied? Shall we hand complex rules of evidence to laypersons? The result would be unpredictability, commercial chaos. There is talk of emissions controls being linked to GPS location so that each country/state/city might enforce different emissions rules. Some high-end Japanese machines already use GPS to determine whether or not they are on a racetrack, opening up performance and speeds normally locked away while on public roads. The US conviction rate is upwards of 90% in many areas, especially federal cases. Given how eagerly US police arrest at the drop of a hat, and how hesitant the Japanese are about arrests, their respective conviction rates would seem comparable. I couldn't help but compare this to my experiences of driving coast-to-coast. Note that about half of the article and far more of the words are dedicated to the first day. The second gets some space, but the third and fourth are barely there. What little there is is all about things other than the view. That very much mirrors my memories of my drive (vancouver-seattle-boston x6, mostly all i090/94). In short: The coastal and rocky mountains are interesting. But after that the US is flat flat flatter and more flat. That first Midwestern wheat field is cool, but numbers 2 through 15239 are not. At least during the nights I'd see some deer. I remember driving for five hours without even touching the clutch. Then you hit the hills of the east coast. Wow. A tiny gravel river. A rusty old mill. If I run through my memories of the drive, the west is filled with images of places and people. The east is filled with traffic, gray concrete and rusty bridges. If I were doing this for fun I'd have turned around and repeated day one. The west: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:I-90IDWallace.jpg (note the bend in the road) The middle bit: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:LaCrosseCountySignI90.jpg (note the pickup truck) The east: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:I-90_west_in_West_Seneca_... (note the traffic) Worth noting re US train travel: "Based on data spanning the period 2004-12, for example, to expect one transit-related injury, a passenger would need to ride the French railroad for 4.9 million miles or the German railroad for 4.1 million miles. Yet he would need to ride America's railroads for only 84,300 miles, on average, to sustain one injury." http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-32694447 84k miles isn't very far. This was a 3400mile journey. So you are likely hurt/dead after doing this 25 times in the US, or 1500 times in Germany. The numbers are a bit of an exaggeration as many US train deaths involve non-passengers (ie at train crossings) but I think my point stands. Train travel, US trains in particular, is not as safe as it may seem. I did. I was driving to and from school on the east coast. (Doing this meant I didn't need to transfer my car to the US.) The biggest difference in driving direction was the sun. I don't know why, but sunrises always seem shorter than sunsets. Heading east is therefore easier than west because you spend less time with the sun in your eyes. The change in timezones also made heading west 6hours faster, partially explaining the longer sunsets. Design your dream job? That sort of question is code for: you aren't in the running. It is a stock question, something asked of all the candidates. Very very few people who are asked such questions are ever hired imho. An interviewer who thinks you have any hope of landing the job should (a) already have read your resume and (b) be under instructions from someone above them regarding your application. A good interview is one where the interviewer is vetting a candidate, not trying to find a candidate. There should be a discussion of the problems/tasks for which you are to be hired. Whether or not you will turn out to be a "good fit" will come from that discussion, not stock questions. A job is about pay for work. The only honest answer to "what is your dream job?" is "You give me 1,000,000$ and I go home at 9:30." Everything short of that is a lie. So an answering candidate must create in their mind some parameters to bookend their dream job. They try to figure out what the interviewer wants to hear and form a lie based on those expectations. The real meet of the question is therefore "What do you think I want to hear?" The winning candidate ends up being the one who best knew the interviewer's expectations and crafts the best lie. Unless you are hiring people for a improv comedy team, that knowledgeable liar is isn't the candidate you want. It's a toxic process best avoided. "Jobs" where you aren't working for money aren't really jobs. They are hobbies. Hobbies can consume your entire life, you can even hire people to support your hobby, but unless you are doing it for the money it isn't really a job. I worked with/for too many people who are in fact working on their hobby. Running a tech startup is almost a fashion statement in some wealthy circles. The problems start when things get boring. The person who doesn't care about the money tends to loose interest quickly. The absent boss, the founder who no longer comes to the office every day, is a real nightmare. I'm in the middle of writing an article about startups and attorneys. Normally I write articles for attorneys to read, but this time I'm trying to write for startups. This story falls right into the "hate lawyers" mentality I;m trying to address. They seem to have not adopted appropriate procedures for exiting an employee. Nor did they have appropriate advice on handling IP issues. This is evidenced by the article's conflation of copyright (the literal code) function (what the code does) and tradesecrets. Whether the code enables the same features is not the issue. It is very possible that he stole and used code in an altogether different product. It is also possible that he stole said code and didn't use in any other product. That can still be a copyright/tradesecret violation. Having legal advice at hand can prevent these situations in the first place. It doesn't cost much to have a lawyer drop by for an afternoon each month. I do quick IP lectures all the time at small outfits. Making sure new employees and current managers understand what IP actual means can really calm the waters. I don;t think they passed this by legal. If they did, they aren't listening. Publicly airing dirty laundry while in the middle of a suit is a dangerous tactic. It doesn't take much to tack on new claims. "Ideas" isn't a form of IP that can be stolen. Did you patent anything? Have you appropriately protected these ideas to qualify for any sort of tradesecret protections? (ps. Don't answer. This is the sort of thing to be discussed with an attorney behind a closed door.) Non-disclosure is just a form of contract. It doesn't itself protect ideas from theft. If they are valuable enough, or if the contract is not enforceable, then the person can still walk away with the material. They need to look to tradesecret law, that is IF any of their code qualifies for tradesecret protection. The big if is in the relevant code: "(d) Trade secret means information, including a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, or process, that (2) Is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy." http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/cgi-bin/displaycode?file=3426-3426... >Trade Secret Law - N/A. They are former employees. Non Compete Agreement - Agreements in restraint of competititon are void in California. I would respectfully disagree with these assertions. Trade Secret is not void just because someone is a former employee. You don't get to walk out the door with the secret recipes. And there are many exceptions to california's ban on non-compete agreements. Non-compete agreements are also very different than non-disclosure agreements. (1) Lawyers are expensive. (2) Going to court without a lawyer is even more expensive. (3) With an outstanding legal issue the company will find it hard to access credit. (4) Many assets may be locked-down pending the outcome of the lawsuit, making it difficult to sell things, enter into new contracts or use said assets as collateral on loans. I said that ideas were not IP, not one of the recognized forms of intellectual property rights. Everyone is of course free to invent new concepts via contract, but that only creates obligations between the parties. Any dispute will be governed by contract law, not IP. Nobody outside the agreement will be bound. The classic case in this area is Warner-Lambert v. Reynolds 178 F. Supp. 655 (1959). (It's about a contract covering the formula for Listerine) http://law.justia.com/cases/federal/district-courts/FSupp/17... I'm completely onboard with california on that one. Customer lists are not secret. Each and every customer knows they are a customer. Certainly the tax man knows who is an isn't a customer, along with any number of credit cards companies and banks that might process orders. So the alleged secret isn't really kept in-house. There are two ways to 'win' a civil suit. Counter their allegations, or assert your own counterclaims. It may be possible to assert that they have taken your trade secrets. Talk to lawyers. In offices. Not online. Sign a client agreement. Pay them money. Beyond that, you cannot get any reliable advice from anyone here. Yes. That is reality. Talk to anyone in aerospace. Techniques developed for employer A cannot be taken to employer B. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, just that there are laws on the books to prevent it. Imagine the slippery slope if former employees of Coke were allowed to take the recipe over to Pepsi. We wouldn't have any long-lived product lines. (That actually happened. Pepsi called the FBI) For below: 18 U.S. Code § 1832 - Theft of trade secrets (the really really short version) "Whoever ... knowingly ... steals, or without authorization appropriates ... or by fraud, artifice, or deception obtains such information ... shall ... be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both." Leaving the US would do little beyond increasing the cost of litigation and making said founder look more like a fugitive. Tradesecret law and IP law generally is pretty universal. And you can still get sued where the alleged theft/taking/wrong took place. A default decision (ie you don't show up) by a US court will be enforced in Canada, Europe or most anywhere else. As for free markets, while IP law does create monopolies, the theory is that many protected innovations would never be brought to market without some promise they won't be replicated. For below: Independent creation is not theft and so the laws do not apply. Copyright and patent bar independent creation, but not tradesecret. No doubt countless production secrets have been independently developed by competitors. When one trys to patent something, these come out of the woodwork as "prior art". But independence is a very hard burden to prove. Any communication from one firm to another, especially the movie a knowledgeable employee from one firm to the other, destroys any notion of independence. Note the words "can qualify" and "may include". It's not a matter of secret keeping. It is a fact-specific analysis turning on the nature of the product and the specific information on the list. Whether or not one could theoretically gather the information from public sources, sources outside the list, is also a factor. A simple list of buyers for a simple product may not qualify regardless of attempted protections. Not all lists are protected. Imho, given the various rules, I would say the default in California is still non-protection absent exceptional circumstances. I totally dismiss the linked Fenwick PFD. According to my pdf reader that document was last updated on "Tue 05 Apr 2005 04:49:08 PM PDT". It's totally out of date and therefore untrustworthy as to specifics of current CA law. I'm a little shocked that it is still on their server. No. The tradition is old. The law has been revisited and updates many hundreds of time. Lol, accepting your 'tradition' argument (I don't) any such traditions would be overturned by the very statute you cite. "3426.8.This title shall be applied and construed to effectuate its general purpose to make uniform the law with respect to the subject of this title among states enacting it." That's the law. It overturns everything prior. All commonlaw interpretations (the closest legal thing to tradition) before it are void in the face of this new law. Fyi. California's law is actual a cut-and-past of the Uniform Trade Secrets Act as adopted by basically every other state in the union. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Trade_Secrets_Act . I said the document was untrustworthy, not necessarily incorrect. It is too old to be relied upon. It's not a question of whether the material is accurate. Any lawyer advising a client would be negligent if he or she looked to such dated summaries of the law. They aren't worth reading given the many current summaries are available elsewhere. Now if the firm wants to reissue the document, then perhaps. Fyi, for anyone that has paid for a license. The fact that the copyright is dead does not necessarily mean licensing contracts are also void. The obligations of contracts can and sometimes do survive the disappearance of underlying IP rights. If someone agreed to pay Warner 10$ for the right to sing Happy Birthday each time their movie airs on TV, that contract is likely still in effect. Consideration (what one party gives in a contract) is measured at the point of formation, not years later. An agreement to not to sue someone is not premised on the validity of that theoretical lawsuit. An agreement to not attempt something is still an agreement even if said attempt would prove futile. There are cases where a contracting party has been forced to shell out for something anyone else could use for free. So if anyone reading this has signed a licensing agreement, talk to your lawyer before ripping it up. No they cannot be 'taken' from A to B. They must arise independently within in B. The fact B's technique looks very much like A's must be complete coincidence. Only if they sold something they knew they did not own. Then there is a debate re fraud. But such arguments only work where they attempted to sell an actual license. If they simply agreed not to sue, forbearance rather than license, those contracts may well remain valid. The classic case involves the mouthwash Listerine. The guy who invented it kept it as a trade secret (no patent). He formed a contract with a manufacturer that said, in short, that they would pay him money for each bottle sold using the formula. They all thought this would go on forever. But then the secret got out and others started selling products using the same formula. Since there was no tradesecret anymore the manufacture argued the contract was void. It wasn't. "But that does not mean that one who acquires a secret formula or a trade secret through a valid and binding contract is then enabled to escape from an obligation to which he bound himself simply because the secret is discovered by a third party or by the general public." Warner-Lambert v. Reynolds 178 F. Supp. 655 (1959) http://law.justia.com/cases/federal/district-courts/FSupp/17... Now this is tradesecret, not copyright, and an old case, but the principal remains. Contracts can be drafted between parties that go beyond the rights created by IP law. Any attorney worth his wage learned of this quirk of contract law during school and should have drafted any licensing agreements to accommodate ... but just maybe they didn't. Yes. And if you have an agreement that makes no mention of the patent, that just says "I will give you money every time I sell a product" then you may still have to shell out long after the patent has expired. Everyone is free to draft contracts between parties going well beyond the limits of IP law. You can via contract. If I invent a new super-viagra, I can ask a drug company to pay me 1$ for each pill they sell in perpetuity. That contractual obligation could survive the patent expiring and maybe a drug company would take that deal in exchange for them being the first on the market. If you are in Vancouver: http://siegelsbagels.com/our-bagels When I was in school in the US I asked the first Jewish person I met "Where do I get good Jewish bagel". He knew exactly what I meant: unleavened and boiled. Despite both of us coming from either side of the continent, we both appreciated west coast lox and actual Montreal smoked meet. Just don't ask an American about pizza. Don't tell us here on hackernews or any other geek forum. Go to a RNC or DNC event. Go convince Trump and/or Hillary that corporations and rich people should pay 1950s-style tax rates. Go sit in front of wealthy old people and suggest socialism for the benefit of the young. Go tell the afraid and well-armed that they need to spend less money being so afraid and well-armed. Make sure to bring your running shoes. Which is why one must be careful in wording agreements to make sure they are license agreements (renting a thing) rather than forbearance (promise not to sue). Now if I were working for someone who had a shady possibly invalid copyright, I might attempt to draft a forbearance-style agreement. I've been hunting around for HappyBirthday agreements to check for this but haven't found any recent actual documents, just summaries. All well and good with the standard little girl model, but what does this look like with ten fat disney tourists? What would the machinery look like to swing 10 or 50 times the weight? (Same question if this is to be used for flight simulators.) Is there a point at which linear hydraulic actuators are easier? So? She could be the chief engineer, but in the video she is the model, the stand-in, the demonstration person. Call it sexist if you want, but it is standard marketing practice to use young women/girls in promotional vids. Where movement is involved, models with long hair are also preferred as it shows the motion, something that again tends towards young girls. Smaller people also make products seem larger. Where the product involves a seat (cars, air travel etc) a really tiny person makes things look much roomier and more comfortable. Where the action is recorded at a distance people with clear skin but darker lips and larger eyes are more expressive, again trending towards females. Where there is any sort of perceived physical danger you pick models that, rightly or wrongly, are perceived delicate. Use a 250lb Army grunt with massive muscles (of any sex) and viewers might think they also need to be tough to enjoy the product. So this vid is following standard marketing practices in selecting a very standard model. My point still stands. What would rigging for several non-small people on this thing involve? Looking at the angles on those cables, a 10-fold increase in payload might need a 20 or 30-fold increase in cable strength ... adding weight ... needing stronger cables. After watching it a couple times more, I'm also interested in how it would handle asymmetric loads. How much before it tips into a cats cradle of wire? Is there any feedback into the system to detect such situations? I do laugh at the image of society at large switching from cars to bikes. At the moment biking is dominated by young fit and generally healthy people. That may be silicon valley but it isn't the general population. I see lots of young parents going to work by bike, but do they take their kids to school on bikes? Does grandma get to the doctor on a tricycle? And what about the growing number of people who need to be brought places, who cannot drive themselves? There are a great many people with special needs/requirements who will never be able to move themselves safely by bike or any other vehicle. They and their carers should not be cut out of city planning, nor should they be confined to special communities. No, but Copenhagen is a tiny little place and still has lots of private cars. Either they aren't living in the bike-only core, or they have use of a car. A total switch to bikes, away from private motor vehicles by all, is a very different scenario than current copenhagen. It's more than the infrastructure, especially when it comes to schools. North America has a culture of selecting a child's schools from amongst many in a wide area. Not everyone sends their kids to a school a mile down the road, nor do all of their kids attend the same school at once. The getting hit is a problem. I don't know of any long-term riders in my city who haven't had violent confrontations with cars. There is even a movement towards fitbits not for fitness but to use as evidence after the inevitable accident, evidence of how long it takes to recover. But if the promotion of biking comes at the expensive of those who cannot bike (via transit/driving taxes etc) then the situation may occur where the disabled and elderly are in fact financing the biking lifestyle of the able-bodied. We are nowhere near this now, but if say 75% of people started commuting via bike the other 25 might wind up paying for the infrastructure. So there is both an infrastructure and taxbase problem to deal with before society at large can take up biking. > This is not about replacing cars with bikes, but making biking a viable alternative... That isn't the rhetoric from bikers in my neighbourhood. They actively campaign for the dismantlement of motorvehicle-related infrastructure. Whether it is turning car lanes into bike lanes, reducing available parking in new constructions, or new road taxes, their avowed goal seems to be to make driving more painful. That is situation-dependant. I have seen slow bikes cause backups on roads. I've also seen heavily-used bridge lanes turned into empty bike lanes. Even when fully used, the carrying capacity (people moved / time) of a bike lane can be far less than a lane dedicated to buses or even cars. (It depends on slope and traffic speed.) The infrastructure issue isn't so simple. In my local we are in a real estate boom. There are many groups claiming that cars will not be so prominent in the near future. That view is taken onboard by zoning people when deciding on new buildings. Rather than demand sufficient parking spots and upgrades to roads and mass transit, developers are allowed pretend that a large number of residents will bike to work. That means larger condo blocks with poorer connections, harming bikes, cars and transit. There are a few "green" office blocks around here without any parking spots. So employees park on the street, annoying local business who want those spots used by customers. This is similar to the "elder housing" theory that assumes that the old people buying the condos will not commute and so do not need parking or transit services. In fact, old people go to lots of appointments, have carers that don't live with them, and are often visited by large numbers of family members. It's just a scam by developers to squeeze more condos into a given space without upgrading infrastructure. For below: Try actually running a building without parking. Repair people drive vans full of tools. 24/7 employees need to get home at 2am after the bus system has stopped. Tenant businesses need deliveries. A city isn't going to reinvent itself overnight just to accommodate some architect's vision of bike utopia. I responded to a trouble call at one of these buildings ... to great laughter, I parked my motorcycle in the lobby. Art. What field are you in? When I speak to law or business students they often complain they cannot keep up with the reading. The problem is that they are actually reading every word. Learning to efficiently skim through a long document is different than reading every word. On the other end of the spectrum are medical students who are often expected to soak in every detail. That means reading each and every word. They don't read slower than law students, just differently. Boooo... Market research is one thing, hunting out millionaires is another. What is your net yearly household income? What is the value of your primary residence? What type of phone do you have? Do you own or do you plan to buy (within the next year) a Tesla? Who lives in your home? How old are you? Please indicate your gender (only two options) 7) Ensure my superiors are kept aware of project status. 8) Remain available to vet marketing or other presentation documents on short order. Upgrades to roads/transit are part of zoning decisions. Where a developer wants to go beyond the current zoning and increase density (most all situations) they are often forced to contribute to infrastructure improvements. Even where they aren't, well-run cities do not allow development ahead of the infrastructure to support those new residents. One parking spot per unit is no longer a norm. I know of developments with perhaps one per five, with most not coming with any assigned spots. But it isn't really just the parking. It's the lack of buss stops and adequate foot crossing and the increased traffic of all forms on local bridges. Pretending that everyone will just use bikes, or that they are old and won't go out much, is a convenient excuse to bypass good city planning. From facebook's perspective, what would the signs be? Not logging in for days/months/years probably isn't enough. Age might not help (I've told countless websites that I am 100+). Even searches tied to obituaries would yield countless false positives for deaths. Imagine if the Facebook robot thought you were dead, then asked you to confirm. "Login to your account or we will announce your death to all of your friends." "The so-called “bike yield law” would make enforcement the law requiring bicyclist to fully stop at stop signs the lowest priority." I'm not a fan of selective enforcement. If you don't like the law, sit down and change it. There are too many laws on the books already that are never enforced, except when some officer feels the urge. Perhaps a special mark on stop signs to indicate to bikes which stops are optional and which ones aren't? If you don't like how cops are deployed, or how they are acting, then the correct redress is to elect a different commissioner/chief or whatever the title is in the jurisdiction. >> I am sure Coca Cola allow health inspections into their manufacturing process. They are also required by law to provide an ingredient list in order to be sold for human consumption Check your coke can. Look for the word "flavor". That's not an ingredient. That's their secret recipe stuff. They don't have to disclose it on the label. They can make a "generally recognized as safe" (GRAS) determination in-house and exempt themselves from disclosure of a trade secret. These are often submitted to the FDA for approval, but not always. If the substance can be determined as gras based on publicly-available information they need not submit to the FDA. It's all about allowing companies to keep their trade secrets ... which is very much similar to the situation with vehicle electronics. Jail and/or prison. That is where many of them end up. Some judges would rather see someone get "treatment" in custody than get nothing on the street. This analysis seems based on preventing congestion. But congestion, while ugly, isn't a bad thing. What matters is total journey time. Imagine if you replaced all the trains with trek-style teleporters. Rather than 100 people all getting onto a train and being whisked away, they would all wait in a line outside these devices. That would be an increase in congestion, more people standing around waiting rather than moving. But if the teleporters get them to their destinations faster nobody cares that they had to wait in line. It's a matter of perspective. The city/transport planners see people standing around not moving as a bad thing. But the people don't care. Standing on the slow train or standing in the line waiting for the fast train is all the same to them. What works best for the people isn't the an elegant system of slow trains to ensures nobody ever stops, where nobody ever suffers the evil congestion. What works best for them is getting to work as fast as possible. If that means crowds at bottleneck where in-feed is slightly faster then out-feed so be it. Slowing things down, having more people spend more time standing in trains rather than on platforms, doesn't help them get to work faster. Jail is for pre-trial sentencing and sentences under one year. So many of the people have not been convicted. Jails spend most of their energies sorting people into various risk categories. There are few if any 'treatment' programs in jails. Prisons are where people actually serve meaningful time. Everyone is in for at least a year and everyone is an actually convicted criminal, not just someone awaiting trial. Having read many of these reports over the years, this one seems more manifesto than security report. It is full of carefully controlled language meant to appease a very specific audience: politicians and members of various agencies. A huge amount of space is dedicated to tenuous ties between physical military activities and espionage on the assumption that all chinese agencies are coordinating with each other, that the Chinese are just better at conspiracy than any US operation. No actual intelligence officer would ever describe China in that way. It's a patchwork of poorly-connected operations all trying to put on a good show for the bosses, much the same as US intelligence agencies. Certain key phrases suggest political motive. As example, the phrase "China’s ... military grade signals intelligence Unit" caught my ear. "Military grade" doesn't mean much in infosec. It does mean something to lifelong service members who labour under the assumption that military structures just do things better than civilian organizations. In some fields "military grade" is actually a bad thing, a reference to products built to conform to rarely-updated procurement standards. It's like still selling floppy disks because the computer on the stealth bombers haven't been updated in 20 years. The phrase appears right at the start of the takeaways section, right where most senior officials will probably start reading. The drilling down upon a few people, to the point of tracking a man's movements and finding the bike he offered for sale, certainly plays into current US national security desires. Targeted killings based on poor intel is a big chip on the military shoulder these days. They aren't happy about it. So peppering a document with a few grains of seemingly accurate and specific intel about individuals is a good trick to win people over. The excessive reliance on google maps is just eyecandy. This gives the false impression of validity, a false suggestion that the rest of the report is based on equally detailed and reliable intel. if this were such intel, it wouldn't be released publicly. the pdf: http://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/454298/Project_CAMERASHY_Threa... There is some wiggle room. The one-year thing is more to do with how much time one is expected to serve, rather than the sentence. Time already served can also alter the math. So someone spending 6-months in jail pre-trial and then sentenced to 14 months would normally be sent back to jail as they only have 8 months remaining. And to your point, where it is very unlikely that someone will server their entire sentence prior to parol, they will normally do that time in a jail. This isn't always a bad thing. Some convicts would rather not be moved to a new facility. Jails are normally closer to the place of arrest (usually near home) and by the point sentencing happens families have already developed some sort of routine for visitation. Sending them out of town, even if to a better facility, is not always in the inmate's best interest. So you are occupying a seat/space on a train longer than you absolutely need to? You are therefore adding passenger-miles to the system, reducing availability for others. I don't suggest ill intent but if people are using anything other than the most efficient route, the route that gets them out of the system at their destination most quickly, that is an inefficiency to address. A scapegoat would be innocent. I doubt even the Chinese would argue they haven't done anything. That's much of the problem generally and with this document specifically. If you latch onto things and investigate them to death you will in time run across actual wrongdoing. The danger is then that you cherry-pick these truths and spread them to each and every situation, giving the appearance of overwhelming wrongdoing. I think the people behind this document have done this knowingly. Pseudorandom numbers to break a tied referendum? Talk about overthinking. Nevada does it better. They literally draw cards from a deck. This has happened as recently as 2002. http://napavalleyregister.com/news/candidates-draw-cards-to-... Hand in boiling water would probably fire some neurons. I don't see any wow factor here. This isn't control. It's a one-dimension (up/down) input based on activity. There are many commercially available toys that do this without any physical motion required. I've seen some at airport dutyfree. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RM6nwZBBbAo Cab driver /= medallion owner. For every poor hardworking cab driver who has taken a mortgage out to buy a medallion, there are a dozen sleazy operators who own piles of them, do not drive, and have leased them out to cabbies at horrific rates. By 'sleazy' I mean this: http://www.bloomberg.com/features/2015-taxi-medallion-king/i... Full article: (heavily discussed on HN a couple weeks ago) http://www.bloomberg.com/features/2015-taxi-medallion-king/ Sleazy business operators are those who take advantage of employees, who do things like allocate risk from the highest earners to the lowest. In taxis, this is commonly done by charging a fixed rate for a limited asset (medallion/cab) used in a highly variable business. Individual drivers then carry the risk rather than the millionaire. Legal, but sleazy. Anything that moves will one day break. I hesitate to move away from the reliability of a static panel. Adjusting the drip rate in this scheme would also be constant battle of weather, temperature and season. You'd never get it perfect. Compared to a simple solar setup it may be more efficient, but compared to more complex, yet still static, combinations of a panels and a reflectors I don't think the improvements are worth the extra complexity of moving parts. I'm thinking of rigs like this: http://www.builditsolar.com/Experimental/Reflectors/Reflecto... There are things that startups can address and there are things that they cannot. For little things that address a known or suspected market demand it is possible for a privately-operated business to develop new science. But when it comes to total blue sky research without any concept of a marketable product, and/or anything involving big science, then the private sector is not the ideal model. Funding for pure science is a function of american politics. The problem isn't in budgets or even politicians. The people with the money/power have lost respect for science. Some feel that scientists have an agenda, others that they are simply untrustworthy, and a large percentage see science as a challenge to belief systems. Those views are the real root. The desire to cut science funding does not come from rational deliberation. So the path to greater investment in science is not through rational debate. The only real path, and it is a long one, is to bring people on board through proper science education. I see a distinct problem with the terrain model. It seems to build the physical shape then apply a waterline to define the islands. That makes the above-water island a simple extension of the below-ground terrain. Earth, and I think is safe to assume any planet with water, is more complex. Before getting to vegetation and biomes, why not some modeling of increased weathering above sealevel? Unless every island is tropical and volcanic, those mountains should be flatten out significantly in comparison to the terrain below sealevel. The deep valleys should fill with gravel. I disagree. There are countless places where text is probably the least best means. The real issue with text, with ALL text, is that it requires the viewer to be a reader, to have a similar linguistic background to the writer. The for example a sign system for beaches. Which is a better means of communicating to a wide variety of people, a sign saying "Warning Sharks" or this? http://images.fineartamerica.com/images-medium-large/shark-w... If you are writing code or dev notes then text is no doubt the way to go. But if you are trying to communicate with strangers (ie prospective customers) then symbols have their place. Or they went with as little as they needed. When it comes to radiation, the older/bigger circuit paths on silicon are more robust. I'd bet they used the least-powerful cpu they felt would do the job. "the internal combustion engines have no air restrictors or capacity limits which has seen Audi opt for a diesel fuelled V6" Well, I think they might want to take a closer look at that one. I meant to imply that, as Audi is owned by VW, that officials might want to look for possible cheating given the current VW controversy re diesel engines. But if one has to explain ... > 89 percent of cellphone owners said they had used their phones during the last social gathering they attended. Right there is where the author looses me. That online collaboration via the phone IS a social gathering unto itself. One is not fundamentally different than the other. Physical proximity is great, but it is a serious limitation. Not everyone has the time/money to physically meet their friends over coffee every twenty minutes. Not everyone lives in downtown Boston or NY. > They say it’s a skill they mastered in middle school when they wanted to text in class without getting caught. And why do kids text so much at school? Because they are bored to death by mind-numbing subjects and teaching that doesn't actually teach. Texting is the symptom, not the disease. The ability to 'not get caught' while communicating with others is a valuable skill for nearly everyone these days. It should be encouraged. Wow. I have seriously over-estimated this crowd. The saying goes that if one has to explain a joke, then it wasn't funny in the first place. I had assumed that people reading this thread would see the humor behind linking Audi, VW, diesel and cheating. Oops. Then I assumed that readers would understand the "if it needs explaining..." remark as a reference to jokes not being funny if they need explaining. Oops again. I'll set my lowest common denominator a bit lower next time. Staying away from most anything makes you worse at that thing. Staying away from phones/tablets for a week might also make them less able to understand emogies, slang, and current humor (all vitally important for the youth of today). The OP places greater value on face-to-face conversation. I'm saying that the OP takes this too far, that electronic interactions should not be dismissed so readily. And there is plenty of evidence that face-to-face social interactions trigger various neurotransmitters. I was reading a little while ago about distinct effects in the brains of men of hearing young female voices. No doubt this is Darwinism in action, but I guess I should start wearing earplugs around women to prevent any effect listening to them might have on my brain. Two things: 1) Blue and white aren't exactly politically neutral. They tried to give Iraq a blue and white flag, with blue stripes representing the rivers. It did not go well. 2) A flag should not be so complex that children cannot draw it with crayons. The interlocking rings are nice, but the specificity of which goes under which makes things too difficult. The union jack is perfect example of this complexity but at least there is was the result of various mergers. The porn industry does have some specific practical issues. Probably the most is the reliance on very young actresses. Most start while under 20 these days. People that age are too trusting. They get put in bad contracts and don't know their legal rights. For example, I had one girl come to me an say that a studio was claiming to "own" her real name, forbidding her from working under that name with anyone else. They had also not paid her. It boiled down to producers knowing they can bully these kids. The secrecy in which most of these girls wrap their work doesn't help. They are very hesitant to complain or reach out to lawyers. So kids are forgoing realworld sex. When did that become a bad thing? My whole school life I was 'encouraged' to avoid sex, alcohol and every other vice at all costs. Going to a party on a friday night was a bad thing. Sex, whether through disease or pregnancy, would destroy your life. This is still the mantra, although nobody then told me that sex would send me to hell. That part is new. So why are we not surprised that kids today have found something else? Society tells them to avoid sex at all costs. Society is just now winning that conversation. Ya, but its a little dated now. Any reference to the number of planets cannot survive the next upstart science teacher pushing out a new definition to get himself on the daily show. That explains downvoting, it doesn't explain the replies that clearly did not recognize any attempt at humor. I really missed that mark. Careful. Sex is an agreement, not a choice. There are lots of people in this world who would like to have sex but for whatever reasons cannot or do not. Abstinence is also a focus of countless religious traditions. I would hesitate to tell any of those people they lacked in personal development. MS is keeping software sales, but handing search, distribution, cloud, backup and mapping services to what is effectively a Chinese google? How exactly do they expect to make money from this? The game is to promise the girl whatever gets her to the set, make the film, then look for whatever reason you can come up with not to pay her. Often there is no enforceable contract. In this particular case, the signed contract was with a fictitious company that had nothing to do with the filming or distribution (a sham 'talent' agency). All it took was a phonecall from someone familiar with the many rules regarding adult films. They paid as soon as they knew she was willing to seek help. In these situations they wrongdoer doesn't face attorney fees. They pay instantly, but they win in the long run because so many wronged actresses just disappear from the industry rather than put up a fight. 'Sprint' also implies something unsustainable. It suggests that this rate of change is a short-term thing with a defined goal. It does not suggest any broad change in policy. >> Walking 30 minutes a day— [...] lowers the risk of heart disease by up to 40%, reduces the risk of Type II diabetes by as much as 60%, and can cut the risk of stroke by a third. Can we please stop with this "Walking 30 minutes" ridiculousness. Yes it is correct, but only if you compare the 30-minute walkers with shutins or elderly people who rarely if ever get out of their chairs. Most of us already get far more than 30-minutes of far more vigorous exercise. I did 45 minutes in the pool today (2.75km) spent an hour walking my dog, and dealt with numerous stairs ramps and other not-sitting things. I'm not anything I would call "in shape" but would another 30 minutes of walking really reduce my diabetes risk by 40%? I think not. So stop telling us that extra 30-minutes of barely moving will make a hoot of difference. Autonomous cars probably will not reduce traffic. If anything they might increase it. For instance they will allow any number of current non-drivers to take to the road. The very old/blind or anyone else physically unable to operate a car need no longer rely on public transit, not to mention countless children. Even without adding new drivers, there is the horrific probability that autodrive cars could be used to avoid parking fees. Why pay for parking when the car can circle the mall for a few hours on its own? The reduced cost of operation may also result in more vehicles. (I disagree, but most here assume will be cheaper than a standard car+driver.) If vehicles suddenly become far cheaper to operate, any number of businesses may send out autodrives where today doing so would be cost-prohibitive. The private security industry surely has ideas for autodrive cars to replace on-foot security patrols. And, as with uber, the addition of transport options priced somewhere between taxis and public transit surely will draw customers from the later. Strapping a fitbit to everyone so docs can better monitor their life choices reminds me of the logic behind a classic Simpsons scene: A more precise measurement of an already accurately-understood condition does not equate to greater understanding of how to actually fix the problem. "Marge: Can't you do something for him? Dr. Hibbert: Well, we can't fix his heart, but we can tell you exactly how damaged it is. Homer: What an age we live in." >>Peterson signed all 177 of the so-called cookie-cutter probable-cause affidavits in bulk, without specifying the evidence against each individual defendant. Peterson, it turns out, is a former state trooper with no legal training. Hate lawyers and law schools if you want, but they have their time and place. The problem here seams not that officers broke the law, but that they seem not to have any understanding of the law in the first place. Instead of planning and deliberation, they were all showboating against each other. The whole incident reads like a script for Lethal Weapon IV. There are two clear groups (Police and Bikers) but also many subgroups. The bikers subdivide into three: Two gangs and a group consisting of several non-affiliated people. The Police seem to have a clear narrative. The other three groups present conflicting narratives. One might think that the clear narrative makes the most sense. To me it does not. Given what happened (a chaotic firefight at a bar) I would expect a great many conflicting stories to emerge. That's what happens in chaotic situations. So the conflicting accounts from the various biker/bystander groups is in a way a confirmation of the events. It is the police's polished and consistent narrative that seems out of place. Given that strong alcoholic drinks have been around for at most a few thousand years it seems silly to assume that any group has yet evolved any genetic adaptations. Cultural adaptations are certainly a different question. I know of many native communities in my area (Canada) that have very specific substance abuse issues. They are tied to unique economic, sociological and even geographical* situations, but nobody takes genetic predisposition seriously. *A typical geographic situation would be the prevalence of oxycodone over alcohol in northern communities. Pills are smaller/easier to transport by air than liquids. Except that neither of those examples involve new substances. Lactose has been around for literally millions of years. Genes for dealing with it, or not, are part of what makes us mammals (ie things with mammary glans that nurse their young). And the gene found in the Inuit has not appeared recently. It exists nearly worldwide and is far older than its recent rise to prominence in the inuit. It has not evolved anew. Alcohol is new. While old genes may have evolved to deal with addiction generally, any gene specifically addressing alcohol could not possibly have evolved in the brief time the new world native communities were genetically disconnected from europe/asia/africa. I also seriously doubt that alcohol was predominant enough in any ancient population for it to have an impact on survivability. Only the rich could afford to drink that much. You are skipping through a few steps. The gene has to first appear. It has to be one of those many tiny little perturbations that appear every so often. It then has to give that organism some sort of advantage. For a gene controlling alcoholism, it would have to appear somewhere where alcoholism had some substantial impact on survivability ... and then spread out across europe, asia and africa giving some similar advantage to persons along the way else it die out. I might be open if the old world suffered from widespread alcoholism (to the point of impacting survivability across classes) for the last 20,000 years, but is just didn't. Producing alcohol takes proper effort and resources. You only get there one you aren't starving anymore. Egypt and a few other areas capable of sustaining intensive agriculture were not the norm. While not conclusive, I give these guys credit for replicating a behavior fitting the "cheater" profile. But I am surprised that not spinning up the rear tires triggered that behavior. The loss in power measured here will be very noticeable to diesel owners. Diesels have narrow power bands. You don't spend much driving time anywhere near the top hp zone. The torque curves are what matters. A 10% loss means you will probably have to rev up another 10%, say 3300 rather than 3000, to get at the same power. While a professional reviewer stepping into a car for the first time might not notice, the guy taking his personal vehicle in sure will. VW owners will not be happy if the coming fix reduces torque by this much. I suspect this "cheat" is done by enriching the mixture a little to lower the temp and reduce NOx. Conversely, VW might have been running things too lean under normal operation. A lean (oxygen-rich) mixture burns hotter, resulting in more power and efficiency but much of that unburnt O2 ends up combining with N2 to form the nasty N0x junk. So if the fix means effectively pinning the cheat on all the time, fixed cars will probably end up burning more fuel with less top-end power. It's the same basic chemistry. You've got O2+N2 (air) plus hydrocarbon (H-C=C-H sort of things) all mixed together and heated. Ideally all the 02 bonds with the H and C to form C02 and H20. If the mixture is lean and hot enough then there isn't enough H and C for all the O2 and it instead bonds with the N2 to form NOx. The only real difference with the diesel is that the hydrocarbons are longer, which is why diesel is thicker and less volatile. Diesel needs to be hotter to break down these longer hydrocarbons and this is achieved via a higher compression ratio (14:1 instead of 10:1). That extra heat is an issue for N0x production if the mixture gets too lean. But if the mix is too rich, with not enough 02 for all the H and C, then you get incomplete combustion. That black soot is essentially just carbon that couldn't find any oxygen to bond with. To avoid soot, so-called clean diesels run slightly lean and then rely on a catalytic converter to turn any N0x back into N2 and O2, but a dry cat can only go so far. BMW and others inject urea into the cat where it become ammonia (NH3). The O in the NOx grabs the H from the NH3 and the two Ns form N2. NOx + NH3 = N2 + H20. The black stuff from diesels is soot, not smog. Soot is just unburnt carbon. The term 'smog' covers a whole manner of nasty chemicals, mostly oxides of nitrogen and sulfur. Soot is relatively harmless compared to smog. A diesel producing soot is running rich and therefore is arguably cleaner than a "clean-diesel" running lean and pumping out oxides. Those carbon-belching trucks are far better for your lungs than the smoke-free VWs pumping out N0x. Beware the pollution you cannot see. The children were never the target audience. Programs like DARE always reflect the wants of those who fund them, not those they try to help. Nancy Reagan and countless othersi power believed abstinence was the best tool for most any vice. So DARE reflected that simple mindset. My experience of DARE was that it had little to do with drugs. It seemed focused on getting cops into classrooms. The ones who came to our class were always horrible. They openly lied to us about drugs, cars and even the law. We played with them. The goal was to get the cop red-faced mad by asking simple questions. One handed out something he called cocaine, but we instantly discovered was just baking powder. If any chief is reading this: Do not sent a bicycle cop in spandex shorts to talk to boys wearing blazers and ties. A leaky head gasket will usually produce a white smoke that smells a bit like pot smoke. That's the ethylene glycol in the antifreez/coolant being burnt. The new anti-bleach craze is laughable. I had one woman at the local dog beach tell me "You know bleach is the same chlorine they use in swimming pools and we know that stuff causes cancer." I spend at least an hour a day swimming laps. Have done so since I was eight. And I at one point lived in a country where we regularly added small amounts of bleach to drinking water to disinfect it. If chlorine causes cancer I am doomed. > Spread across the entire Tube system, that technology would result in savings of £6m, about $9m. Ok, but my understanding is that doing anything across the entire tube system' would no doubt cost trillions. Repainting all the guard rails would probably cost more than 6mil. So the proposition won't save a dime. It might be environmentally friendly and might be a good idea for new stations/trains, but the money would be better spent on other projects. In short: Does spending a million on this regenerative breaking produce more electricity than installing a million's worth of solar panels on the roof? Which saves the most carbon per pound spent? I'm only going from the OP. The savings they describe seem minimal (6mil) whereas they are dealing with a notoriously expensive tube system. Carbon savings are great, but one should always ask if that same money might result in greater carbon reductions if spent elsewhere. Do those in charge actually want accurate predictions? The hurricane is going to go where it is going to go, the model has no impact on the realworld path. If we know the path with certainty then those in the path can take appropriate measures. But what is we enjoy those measures and want to do them regardless of where the storm will actually hit? What a storm might be approach the executive branch of the local government goes into emergency mode. Emergency funds are spent on preparations. Some government workers are sent home. Schools might be closed. Evacuation orders may be issued. Town mayors and, importantly, state governors all go on TV to talk about these preparations. The local executives get to do their lord-and-master thing. If the storm hits, they looks like heroes. If it doesn't, they still look like dutiful public servants concerned for the safety of their public. Some people enjoy a good disaster rehearsal, especially if they get to be the one in charge. Imho the private sector, specifically the insurance, travel and tourism industries are the ones who want accurate models. That isn't to say that prediction should be privatized. The government is probably in the better place to handle forecasting. But the demand on politicians for better models/funding arises from industry, not any noble desire to avoid widespread emergency declarations. Some, but certainly nowhere near all of the scientists involved were jewish. What did happen was that rising antisemitism (in many many countries) caused jewish academics to suddenly become more mobile, more willing to move about the planet or country and take positions on strange projects. I think it less revenge and more market forces that resulted in a relatively large number of jewish experts working on the bomb. It's like the voltage regulator on your car. The car's alternator is pumping out power and the regulator is topping up the car's 12v system (actually 13.9). The regulator doesn't want to create an over-voltage situation and so dumps any extra power to a resistor, turning it into heat. On an electric train, instead of a battery the regulator is pushing power back to the third rail. Once the rails max voltage is reached, when it is at capacity, everything else is turned into heat via resistors on the train. And then the politicians go on TV and lament that people should better listen to authorities, that they were the wise ones. My point is that an unpredictable offshore threat advantages local elected officials. Their careers are advanced by both the false alarms and the disasters. How many elected officials in executive branches were replaced? Functionaries, non-elected government employees, are often wrongly blamed. It is the elected reps, specifically those in the executive branch (ie Chris Christie) who turn the unpredictability of storms to their advantage. >> There are a couple judges who are just too handsome or too pretty. It's a challenge going in to draw them. There are no beautiful people in courtrooms. Everyone is under some sort of stress. Lawyers and defendants can win or loose, jurors don't want to be there, the court officers are busy moving prisoners around and acting authoritatively. Even the galleries are full of unhappy family members. It's no surprise that this artist mentions the judges. They are in charge. They know that no matter what happens they will still be in charge come the end of the day. Confident people always look better than those under stress. It is controversial for those people who hang their hat on the concept that America was in some sort of race to build and use the bomb before the enemy used it against America. No serious historian thinks that was ever a factor once the logistics were apparent, but the History channel still pumps out constant "documentaries" about Nazi superweapons about be deployed had the war lasted another week or two. Idea: Why are the resistors on the train? Why not make them stationary? Regulator-resistors attached to the rails could be used in fixed locations to heat water. Perhaps they could dump energy into capacitors to feed back onto the rail when needed. The trains would dump energy into the rail, raising the voltage and triggering the stationary regulators. They might not need to be anywhere near the busy stations. Unless you want to see the reaction of the jury. Those cameras rarely cover the jury in my experience. Traffic and vehicle speed are two different things. Slowing cars can be done without slowing traffic. Traffic is limited by the carrying capacity of the road. More, but slower and smaller, lanes can handle the same amount of traffic while still slowing cars. Simply halving the number of lanes (4 to 2) without replacing the carrying capacity, only offloads through traffic to other areas. It would be better to replace the one fast+big road with multiple slower and smaller roads. And the bike lanes in the OP are awful. Those bikes don't want to share pavement with moving cars. Put that lane on the other side of the parking lane, preferably with a line of grass/trees shielding it from moving traffic. That keeps everyone happy. (Those painted green lanes are also a horror for motorcycles in the rain. They must turn, lean and accelerate all at once on that wet paint when entering such a road.) They might have nailed down the science, but not the efforts necessary to gather the fissile material. And then, even if they did have the resources, actually doing all that so close to the action and with the risk of bombing by air or spies, would be inconceivable. The american, actually the canadian-american project as that's where the uranium came from, had the advantage of vast open spaces well outside the range of any enemy aircraft. Funny, I thought the article was about safety, about not killing people, rather than any sort of car-bike urban balance. >>One way to improve safety on this type of urban street is through a road diet. [...] with any leftover space going to curb parking and perhaps bike lanes. It would seem that making thing better for bikes is a lower priority in the OP than pedestrian safety, even lower than on-street parking for cars. Given that the author draws the bike lanes between parked and moving cars, bicycle safety is clearly not the goal. They are out to protect pedestrians from all things faster than a walking pace. I wouldn't read in any car v. bike politics. Pedestrian overpasses are going away. A mall near my house just removed one built back in the 60s, replacing it with a new street-level intersection. That was the cheaper option than making the overpass wheelchair safe. We also have a huge number of older people who will always opt for level crossings, what real estate people here now call "all one-level living". Tracking aircraft with a passive radio receiver? You just sold me on SDR. This sort of treatment is not distant history. It all boils down to the concept that women were their husband's literal property. A husband being bossed around by his wife was akin to a farmer being bossed around by his horse. And if you think treating people as legal property was abolished alongside slavery, think again. "Wife selling persisted in England in some form until the early 20th century; according to the jurist and historian James Bryce, writing in 1901, wife sales were still occasionally taking place during his time." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wife_selling_%28English_custom... No trace in the law doesn't mean it was illegal. What that means is that no court has reported a case on the matter. That can mean it was very rare, or just was so accepted that it was never challenged in court, or happened in those many places where courts were not much of an option. Even if something gets to some form of courtroom, the chances that a decision would be written down and reported were slim during most of english history. The total rule against dogs is a relatively modern interpretation in islam. It isn't even to do with the dogs themselves, but that most dogs were smelly and unclean creatures. There is plenty of evidence that the ban really only applied to mongrels, unclean street dogs. Working dogs (hunting/herding/guarding) particularly those similar to salukis, were not considered unclean and were kept. The Quran specifically states that animals caught by trained hunting dog may be eaten (005:004) with the necessary implication that they may be kept and trained. The fear of black dogs is very much ingrained in many Muslim countries. But that tradition predates islam altogether and is widespread even in the west (black dogs are far less likely to be adopted). I'm not muslim but did live in Saudi Arabia for many years (aramco) and have to say that the saudi government is very devout when it comes to hajj. When accidents happened, the entire country was upset regardless of the news blackouts. The ability to provide hajj underpins the royal family's authority. They take is very personally. But a few things... (1) The ban on non-muslims is not as tight as portrayed. More than a few westerners have been to mecca, many to advise on hajj matters. There are also legendary stories of non-muslim children being brought on hajj by saudi families. I heard stories from neighbours, things more than rumours, but never met anyone who actually witnessed this. (2) Lots of the people sleeping rough do so by choice. Many simply do not want pillows and beds during hajj. For them it isn't meant to be comfortable. More hotel-type rooms may help, but it will never get everyone off the streets. (3) Security is a huge issue. Religious extremists have caused plenty of trouble. The Saudis have large numbers of soldiers hidden just out of sight to quell any repeat. (4) The clockface is horrible, but that is the style in the country. People who go to Vegas sometimes remark about that style, but it is just a matter of taste. If you were living there it wouldn't seem nearly as bad. The clock itself also serves a purpose. Many pilgrims do not wear watches, most all are suffering jet lag and much of the process is now indoors. So like vegas, it is very easy to loose track of time. The various clocks are all big and horrible, but do serve some function. (It also has to be a mechanical clock, else everyone would insist on arabic numerals, which I've never seen on any digial wallclock.) (5) The King actually does hajj each year, during the appropriate time. He has guards, but they could do nothing for him in a crush. For a man his age we have to give him some credit. It's like the jewish rules about food. The evidence is that the original rules were probably much less strict, but over the years various scholars tighten some rules just to be on the safe side, or to see more devout than everyone else. So it will depend on which modern expert you talk to. >>Statistical analysis of terrorist groups’ longevity, aims, methods and successes reveal that groups are self-contradictory and self-sabotaging, generally ineffective; "Every revolution carries within it the seeds of its own destruction." (A cookie to anyone who knows where that is from.) Maybe that's where it started, but the exact quote is from a totally different place. Think deserts and religious extremism. When work is a choice, it isn't really work. This guy can take a vacation whenever he likes. He doesn't have a boss that will fire him. He doesn't have to worry about making rent each month. His concept of "taking a vacation" is very different then mine, yours, or most anyone else who isn't a billionaire. If Elon Musk is stressed, he has the option of separating himself from that stress. He works because he wants to work. Employees suffer stress from which they cannot separate themselves without, in short order, creating new stresses. Elon will not be homeless next month if he stops going to work today. A psychologist might say that his stress is therefore a product of his ego, his daily choices, rather than of his environment. It is internal to his personality. That's probably why he finds it so hard to separate. I did not say that. I said that it was his choice, not that such a choice would not have consequences. But he has the choice and that makes him different. The vast majority of employees do not have a choice. Elon can reduce the amount of his time spent on SpaceX or anything else without drastic impact on his person or his family. Employees cannot. He has smart lawyers all around him. He and any family members surely have access to well-funded trusts beyond the reach of any bankruptcy proceeding. I'd call it a trump complex, a common malady of new-money billionaires. He does have a person. He has himself. He needs to psychologically grant himself permission. It's all in his head. Your situation was different. Your authority figure was absent. That's different situation than not having one. Britain and Japan, both island nations where anything remotely threatening was wiped out long ago. The largest predator in Japan is the salamander. A meter-long specimen will make news. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/howaboutthat/1096... What's the largest predator in Britain? The badger? The fox? Or that housecat everyone thought was a lion. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-essex-19397686 Talk to anyone in the pacific northwest. If you take only the slightest precautions you have nothing to fear from the wolves, cougars and bears. You are far more likely to be eaten by a fellow human. You are more likely to be killed by deer. They are already all over Britain. So the wolves will in all probability reduce the number of animal-related deaths. http://www.therichest.com/animals/top-10-animals-that-kill-h... Except that the phone itself is increasingly the target. A compromised phone renders such "second-factor" idents moot. I say "second-factor" in quotes because I don't really consider the code-to-the-phone a second factor. It's just another password. A proper second factor would be a token, a physical object or at least something that cannot be transmitted/intercepted. I'm running into this problem when doing PCI audits. PCI demands two-factor for some things (internal, non-customers) but specifies the 'something you know, something you have, and something you are' approach. Since biometrics are out in most situations, that leaves passwords+tokens as a practical mandate under PCI. Code-to-the-phone schemes don't qualify. Note two words absent from the OP: "Speed limit". This machine will keep pace with traffic. OK. Does that mean it will break speed limits? Unless it is scanning for each and every potential road sign, it simply cannot be respond to arbitrary/temporary limits. The determination of the legal limit on a piece of road is a complex task. Road construction, local conditions, sunrise/set, time of year (school zones) and even weather can be a factor. And let us not forget "Speed limit X when children on road". You need some serious cpu time to work out whether that person walking along the road is a schoolgirl or a construction worker. Imho any system not capable of determining the speed limit accurately is a legal liability. Have fun with the tickets. >eliminating the need for drivers to worry about complex and difficult parking maneuvers. No. Parallel parking is not a complex nor difficult maneuver. It is total beginner territory. No lives are at risk. With a decent bumper, even risk of property damage is minimal. Anyone not capable of learning to parallel park probably shouldn't be behind the wheel of much anything. Anyone buying this car to avoid such mundane tasks isn't someone with whom I want to share the road. When I teach an intro law course I use speed limits to explain why the law is so complex. It's much more than signs. The system you describe appears only informational, the car isn't the one picking the speed. It's a big step for a manufacturer to sell a product that will initiate a speed based on it's own determinations. "I wasn't going any faster than the guy ahead of me" isn't a defense. But, should an accident happen and things wind up in a courtroom, "The car picked the speed" is a very good argument for joint liability (ie "it's partly Tesla's fault"). FYI, most every manufacturer of moving vehicles set their speedometers slightly high. On motorcycles it can be as much as 10%. This is to avoid any accusation that any inaccuracies in their product (ie changing tire diameter) might result in someone going faster than indicated. The car should flash the lights and scream "inattentive driver" to all around. After a minute that scream should become "Call police, my driver has fallen asleep" and the car should autopark at the local copshop to give a statement against its owner. In all seriousness, this system to monitor driver attentiveness will generate lots of very discoverable evidence. I used to have a silver motorcycle jacket (think power ranger). It was great for keeping the sun away, but with a couple lines of tape it would make a great mobile speed limit sign. Every telsa a I pass might suddenly read "Speed limit 15" and slam on the brakes. As a Tesla enthusiast, would you buy a Tesla that wasn't capable of breaking the speed limit? Perhaps one that couldn't ever under any circumstances move faster than 70mph? That doesn't require fancy tech. It could be done today in an instant. That's where I see the real sticking point for automation. Driving isn't about getting from A to B, nor is safety the top priority. If it were, there wouldn't be such a thing as a V-8 (or whatever the electric equivalent is). I find it very ironic that a performance car like the Tesla might promote "the path to full car automation". You think the gun debate is tricky? Try telling people they cannot do 51 in a 50 anymore. The map is only the start. No map can accommodate all the local changes and rules (small/temp construction zones) nor will local authorities always forward minor changes (school zones). There is more to being a pilot than the stick-and-rudder of flying the plane. Judgment calls such as whether to attempt a landing under less-than-ideal conditions are far more important. "Once computers drive the cars, the speed limit can be cranked up because reaction time goes up drastically and distracted drivers are nonexistent." That doesn't mesh with areas where robots have already taken over. The robots moving freight around shipping terminals don't move any faster than humans driving trucks. The robots I see delivering drugs in hospitals don't move faster than the nurses. Speed limits aren't just about the cars. Noise and pedestrian safety are big factors. There is no technology yet that can allow a robot to see around blind corners. They may have a 1/4second faster reaction time, but that won't mean they could be trusted move much faster towards a crosswalk that might see a bike cross at any second. But does the camera obey the underlying "Speed safe for conditions" rule in effect in most jurisdictions. (They use this to avoid the possibility of there being no limit should a problem crop up with the signs). It is very possible to get a speeding ticket well below the legal limit. It isn't common, but where fog/snow/ice/rain are a factor I have seen cops hand them out to idiots. And 'conditions' can include the condition of your vehicle. Driving with bald/track tires in the rain can result in an 'unsafe speed' ticket should a cop see you slide. Kill time? Regardless of who is driving, time spend sitting the car is time spend away from family/pets/work/food/bathrooms and everything else important. Really? Have you looked at any 'new driver' manuals? I'm reminded of the time I came out of school to see two motorcycle cops hiding behind my jeep, using it as a blind to catch speeders. "Hey, is it a school day?" "No, we take a couple days off before exams." "Oh. It's a good thing then that we haven't ticketed anyone." "But doesn't the law say 'normal school day'? It is a friday." "Ya, but your school ain't normal." Or full automation might increase the number of vehicles and exacerbate the problem. (On the assumption that the vastly reduced cost of fielding driveless vehicles could result in many more commercial vehicles on the road.) In my jurisdiction the yellow "limit" signs before corners are not actually speed limits, just references. You are allowed to disobey them at your peril. Sometimes that means you can do 80kph around a "30" corner, a common situation on mountain roads. That also avoids the enforcement problems such as where the new limit should being and end, and the difficulty of measuring vehicle speed through a corner. This is not unusual. Media scrums can be more mosh pit than journalism. There are always a few who act aggressively and have trouble turning that off once things get violent. But I wouldn't absolve tesla. A cop would have been trained not to stand directly behind such a vehicle. Someone will surely look into the actions of these security guards to see if they perhaps went above their duties, or whether deploying security guards to deal with such a vehicle is ever appropriate. There are situations where non-cops are expected to stand aside. Not what I was talking about. There are several issues, whether these trespassers committed a crime is just one. This is an on-the-job injury of an employee. Whether anything went wrong on the employer/employee side to contribute to this is a totally different evaluation. Whether these guards had the authority to seize the vehicle is another. The insurance companies that have to pay for the medical care will look into these questions. Note that Tesla is not describing these employees as heroes. Tesla (or whatever company trains/deploys these guards) might be on the hook for substantial costs. No doubt this incident will result in new training and/or a serious rethink of how security guards are deployed in such situations. Why assume that the robots won't compete? Cars today are marketed based on their potential for speed. With that out of the picture, why shouldn't we expect manufacturers to compete to have the "fastest" autodrive systems? So Telsa is branching out into RVs? I guess that would be the logical synergy of telsa performance cars and tesla wall-mounted battery packs. It's not a matter of who is better or more justified than the other person. A hurt employee is never a good thing. It is rarely justified. When you employee security guards, the absolutely last thing you want is them being hurt. This isn't the wild west. They are not to put their lives on the line to defend your factory. Sometime that means not doing the justified thing. Sometimes that means backing off and letting the police handle things. If that means retreating if and when a trespasser enters a vehicle, so be it. If that isn't in the manual now, it will be soon. ( I do know that retail security guards are regularly trained not to peruse thieves into parking lots precisely because of dangers created once vehicles are involved. ) I mean to say that there is a breed of journalist that is very aggressive. They have a military us-and-them mentality and pursue things where rational people would stop. That is the type that, once caught doing something wrong, keeps up a fight where any rational person would calm down. If it were only robots in the hallways, it wouldn't be a hospital. They did try giving the machines their own pathways. That's what pneumatic tubes were: a fast lane for robotic delivery. Frankly, for a hospital, pneumatic tubes would seem the far more elegant solution. I guess it boils down to perspective. The hospital robot is in no hurry. His life is no better or worse if he is faster or slower. But a human inside a robot-driven car does care. He doesn't see the overall traffic efficiencies, and even if he did he wouldn't take much notice. All he cares about is getting to the destination asap. So it is a different speed decision than the robot. That is pretty much the manual. Watch a cop after pulling someone over. They never stand in front or behind the car. They stand beside, and even then only if the driver turns off the engine. A security guard dealing with a trespasser in a vehicle should probably act much the same. If the trespasser is in a vehicle, it might be time for them to retreat or at least get into their own vehicles if available. If they are not trained in how to approach and deal with suspected wrongdoers driving cars, something that is not uncommon in large facilities, that lack of training is a serious issue for their employers. Trespassing is tricky. Entering property without permission is illegal, but "permission" is not simple. A pizza delivery person who goes to the wrong address is not trespassing, even if he walked past all manner of signs. But he certainly cannot jump over barbed wire or pick locks to gain entry. These reporters are not delivery men, but we need lots more facts before we can make any decision about whether or not they were trespassing prior to the confrontation with the security guards. They were certainly trespassing after they refused to leave. We don't know whether they are being charged for trespass prior to or after the guards got involved. It is probably moot given what happened, but criminal trespass does have all sorts of fine points. This doesn't seem all that different than the Mercury program. There were two side to the race. Look closely at either and you will find safety being pushed. It is also a little disingenuous to characterize the russian effort as "military" and the american effort as not. It wasn't Mr. John Glen first american in orbit. He remained an military officer while at Nasa and was awarded military honors for his flight (DFC). Smack whatever label you want, both programs had heavy military involvement. I knew of a hospital when I was a kid that had raceways mounted just below the ceilings. It was like little toy trains bringing paperwork and drugs to each room. But if you watched them long enough, four-legged critters also used the raceways. So my friends and I riding motocycles through the mountains on a sunny afternoon are reckless endangerment? How about sightseeing buses? Or bicyclists riding purely to stay in shape? Or people learning how to drive? Or cops paroling neighborhoods? Or ice cream vans? There are lots of perfectly reasonable uses of roads that have little to do with A-to-B. The elimination of "fun" in the name of safety is a very uphill battle. The escape re trespassing is an interesting point. If a guard tells someone to leave, fleeing is a form of leaving. I could see a defense attorney argue that they were not trespassing post-confrontation as they attempted to leave as soon as they were told so to do. It's a vicious argument, but that's what they are for. I'm not sure about that. Keeping the cars closer together would suggest more abrupt acceleration and braking to such to avoid space being created as the car ahead accelerates from a stop. Given these accelerations will not be initiated by the driver, they will come as a surprise and thus be more jarring. I imagine that might result in autodrives that accelerate/brake more slowly, leaving greater distances between cars in stop=and-go environs. And I cannot see autodrives leaving much less room between cars while in steady motion or stopped. Humans are pretty good at tailgating. You are assuming that the 'running someone over' was deliberate. We don't have enough information for such determinations. It may have been accidental, or more likely criminally negligent, but we shouldn't assume deliberate attack without all the facts. Breaking the law /= recklessness. You are probably thinking of negligence per se, something less than recklessness. And I wonder why you assume that a bunch of motorcycles driving through the mountains would be breaking any laws. I know a group of lesbian harley riders who never go faster than 50 who would take issue with any assumption that riding a bike suggests illegality. For them it is about being seen and showing pride. I did a ride for burn victims a few years back. The kid riding on my bike was all smiles even though I doubt we broke 30 the entire way. He just liked the wind, a bit like my dog when she hangs her head out the window. Riding for fun does not mean riding for speed. I would suggest that Google cars haven't logged any driverless miles, at least not on public roads. They have humans onboard with backup controls (parking brakes if nothing else). So they are not driverless just yet. Astronauts and pilots also switch off. It's not a function of training, but boredom and/or distraction. Pilots might look like they are sitting on their asses up there, but they aren't. They are constantly evaluating situations. Think of them like a bodyguard. They might look like they are just standing around doing nothing, but in fact they are constantly scouting for that one-in-a-million scenario. You don't want them heads-down playing games all day. So long as the self-driving car can cover every situation. What doesn't work is a system that expects the human to sit idle for hundreds of hours, then suddenly throws him/her the wheel and jumps ship. (Like the autodrive system in that simpsons episode where homer becomes a trucker.) Hands off the wheel does not mean not in control if you can put those hands back on the wheel instantly. Take the hands off the wheel, get in the back seat, and take a nap. That's what I would call a driverless car. The "hands not on wheel" argument has been made by many a defendant. Courts don't buy it anymore. If you are in the driver seat, inches from the controls, then you are responsible for the motion of the vehicle. Which is why you can be charged for drunk driving even though the car never moved. In the seat or at the controls = in control = not driverless. They are "driverless" from an internal software or technology perspective. The car is making itself move. But they are not driverless from an external/legal view. There is still a person in there that is held responsible for the safe operation of the vehicle. When things go wrong, that person will still be answerable a the driver. I seriously doubt Google is sending out "drivers" without proper licenses. Equally, I cannot imagine any court dismissing a traffic ticket on the basis that the car, the robot, was the one committing the crime. Downvoting is an emotional act. It is the easiest thing to do when you cannot or are unwilling articulate a response. In my experience people get most angry when they are forced to revisit their own views. I choose to see the occasional spat of quick downvotes only as an indication that I have touched a nerve. But thanks for the upvote all the same. I agree they certainly aren't the wayward pizza guy, but it is still far from simple. "Private Property" signs are something different than "No Public Admitted". Any mall has a private property sign, that doesn't mean people aren't allowed in. I'm a unsure about the location of the Jeep. It sounds like they drove into Tesla's parking lot, then proceeded on foot towards the factory. If the lot was open to the public (no gate) then the initial trespass is far from clear. Climbing a fence weights towards trespass, but I want to see more about this fence. If it was the sort of barb-wire fence normally found around factories, how did they do this? Or was it a small sort of fence meant to direct foot traffic around grassy areas. If they instead parked on the street it gets even more complex. If they walked in on foot and were asked to leave, they appear to have done so. So they were not trespassing after being confronted by guards. And that would place the physical altercation off of tesla property, totally complicating the liability issues. If you seek to detain someone you don't normally allow them to leave the proper, let alone them access their vehicle. Lol, a self-driving motorcycle isn't anywhere near possible atm. Driving a car is to riding a motorcycle as walking is to ballet. There are all manner of strange physics (Google "countersteering"). Add to this the vast differences in threat profiles, the regular need for evasive maneuvers, serious judgment calls re emergency braking in corners, the weight-shifting of the rider, the potential 'bail out' decision, the lowside v highside decision (laydowns) ... I haven't heard even a passing joke about an autodrive two-wheeler. Even automatic transmissions are near fantasy beyond small 2-gear scooters. Any sudden, unexpected, movement by an autodrive motorcycle would probably see the drive thrown free, or at least result in a weight shift great enough to down the entire package. I'll take that under advisement so long as everyone on HN promises not to use "driverless" in the context of legal, ethical, or moral debates re google cars. The term is ubiquitous from Google no matter the context. It is their stated goal. Other companies fear any suggestion that they will field driveless cars anytime soon. I smell PR. I'm not sure about that. There have been plenty of mistakes made by astro/cosmonaughts over the years. They are human. If "any mistake" is lethal, then we should have seen many more deaths. I don't like double posting, but I read this again and ran accross this statement towards the end of the OP: >But the frantic pace of the “space race” ensured that you had to sacrifice thorough ground testing in favor of debugging the technology in space. This means that you automatically increase the risk to human subjects on board spaceships. By my memory, the US lost most astros to ground testing than to flight, the Apollo fire being top of the list. Training and testing are safer than flight, but are not absolutely safe. There is a balance point where the risks presented by ever more training outweigh any further reduction in risk during flight. I take it you haven't driven a motorcycle. I can ride one, at speed and around corners, without touching the controls. Remember that the rider may represent 30+% of the vehicle mass. Moving your weight around on the bike has as much control over direction as the handlebars. Unless you are going to strap the rider into a seat (ie make it a car) attach him to a hydraulic arm, or install a 200lb gyro, no machine can take directional control. This all comes to a head at the transition point of countersteering, where the controls reverse around 20ish mph. The rider's balance controls whether turning the handlebars right means right or left. If the rider isn't in sync with the autodrive, everyone is in the ditch. I sat in a mock-up once. Glove was not my impression. For me it was more 'spam in a can'. I would much prefer Vostok's ejection seat to landing a tiny mercury in a vast ocean. It's apples and oranges. Overshooting a turn at by a few seconds at 35,000 feet isn't the end of the world. Missing a turn in a car by even a quarter second means blood on the pavement. Why assume that accident rates will drop in the all-autodrive scenario? I haven't seen any such testing. I have seen many miles of google cars in amongst human-driven cars. I have yet to see any tests involving thousands of cars from a variety of manufacturers (and ages) all trying to drive together. To assume that the robots will cooperate perfectly, negating the needs for safety features ... wasn't there a movie about that? Big lizards in an autonomously-run park? Who reads all this content-mill fluff? I regularly write for trade journals in the legal field and cannot conceive churning out worthwhile articles in less than a day, much less hours. Is it all clickbait junk? How many of the articles here on HN come from such mills? People get hurt whenever a vice becomes so easily done in secret. Going to the pub to drink is one thing, drinking at home another, and ordering bulk vodka online a third. The more private certain vices become, the easier it is to fall into the trap. That's why I seriously dislike online gambling. There is something to be said for the physicality of location-based betting. It is more healthy to at least walk from your hotel room to the casino floor than play the same games via an iPad alone in your room. Maybe then I'm just not seeing the fluff because I don't read those types of sources. I wouldn;t touch anything on facebook. The few blogs I keep track of are thinks like TorrentFreak, Krebs or TechDirt. For world news every morning I read the BBC. I don't see much fluff. Or maybe I'm just blind to it. Most of the articles I've been paid decent money to produce are now locked behind paywalls, which I ironically cannot afford. Hopefully that means they aren't fluff. Yes. The line between daytrading and gambling is slight. It can become a vice. And trading from home is far more dangerous than driving to the floor or trading via a human broker. It's the speed, the potential for instant gratification, that ups the addiction risk. But taxation can itself become addiction. When a government earns enough from gambling it becomes a necessity. Rather than dissuade, the government starts promoting the vice (ie state lottos). Some say this has happened with smoking, that countries like Canada and the UK now take in more through taxing cigs than they spend on treating smoke-related disease. That's the danger of vice. I think you missed my point. If the purpose of increased taxation on vices like cigarettes is to dissuade people from a particular activity, that goal is missed once the taxation become a profitable venture. The government becomes reliant on the vice and risks switching into a promotional mode. Raising money to treat smokers is all well and good, but I'd rather see fewer people smoking. If a government becomes reliant to the tax revenue it risks becoming as addicted to cigarette use as the people it was once trying to stop smoking. Such traps are what separates vice from other pleasurable activities. > In a Casino, at some point you have the cold hard cash in your hands. This makes a big difference. That's not what i've seen in modern US casinos. It's been a few years, but I remember people using cards for slot machines. The image I remember most was a man in a wheelchair with his card on a lanyard around his neck. The card was in the slot machine. He looked physically tied to the machine, never moving except for one finger on a button. It looked like something out of the matrix. That's it. HN is dead. I am glad to see most of those went away without comment, but am shocked to see so many be picked up. Not yet. Let's see how they handle e-cigs. But I would definitely say the Canadian government promotes drinking. They have a practical monopoly on many forms of alcohol. Whether they turn a net profit re medical costs is complicated, but they certainly do earn lots of money from sales. (fyi Canadian government control of alcohol sales is a holdover from prohibition days in the US. The provinces actually sell the alcohol to the public. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcoholic_beverages_in_Canada#... ) Really? I cannot turn on the TV or radio without hearing an ad for government-owned gambling. Just look at this: http://www.bclc.com/ And here is their twitter feed: https://twitter.com/bclc That's the British Columbia Lottery corporation, the crown-owned business with a monopoly on gambling in my province. They buy ads, sell tickets, license betting venues, and even run their own online casino (playnow.com). BC is not unique among states/provinces in this regard. How can one not describe this as governments promoting gambling? While at school I needed to do a survey of law students, a rather apathetic bunch. I said "20$ will be paid to the 25th and 50th respondents." I got a 75% response rate within days. And #50 never claimed her prize. Rewards goes further if respondents think they are in some form of competition. > Personal cars are going the way of the dodo. I have to laugh every time I read such statements. It's like the man who invented the apartment claiming houses now obsolete. Price is not always the driving force. If it were, SUVs would not exist, nor would BMW, Merc, Ferrari any every other performance car brand. Cars are as much personal statements as houses, probably more so. Relatively few people see you in your house, but everyone sees which car you drive. Setting aside the robot driver debates, these are fashion items. Society isn't going to abandon such vanities simply to better leverage a new technology. Never trust articles about porn. I've never seen one that represented more than a myopic view. It's a very diverse industry. I hope that Kink implodes. That side of the industry started as an almost joke. Bush, pre-911 Bush, talked about going after violent porn. So a couple producers got together and said: "Well, lets give them a target." They had first amendment lawyers primed for battle. Then 9/11, and the feds never showed up. Fast forwards a decade or so, and the violent porn meant to trigger a freedom of speech battle is practically mainstream. Kink.com is now a giant and customers are leaving for content that even Kink wouldn't touch. The old hats are aghast at the beast they've unleashed. I've got clients that come to me when employees are caught downloading things they shouldn't. I'm the guy that has to go through this material and figure out whether anything is illegal, whether we have to bring in the cops. It isn't fun. (But i did once practically fall out of my chair at a client meeting when I was introduced as "the external expert on child porn". I was in fact the guy there to explain that the material wasn't such. The employee was fired, but the police were not involved.) It isn't my all-day job. I just know a thing or two about filesharing. So people see articles I've written for trade journals and occasionally bring me on board when filesharing is involved. The real question is often whether the sharing has created any potential liability for the company (p2p v cyberlockers etc). No doubt insex had a profound effect on culture. Frankly, I would say it is almost comparable to Playboy. The Hostile and Saw film franchises are direct outcomes of insex. What Kink has done is to take insex and add lawyers. They dropped some of the more legally-dangerous aspects (plots/scripts) and added comical "interviews" with all involved. But heaven help the attorneys who might have to defend Kink against obscenity charges. They are in totally unknown waters. Give insex time. Playboy has been around for generations. Insex did interviews during, Kink cut those. Kink does interviews afterwards, out of character, as evidence that the violence was consensual. These are not normally reproduced in filesharing communities. So when someone downloads one of these via filesharing it often looks fare worse than it is. Some investigator (me) then has to dig up the interview to assure the client the violence was staged. This all goes into a report, and a few encrypted thumbdrives, to be filed away in case someone comes knocking in the future with wrongful dismissal or sexual harassment allegations. It's been a long time since I tried to read right-to-left. The red isn't really more of a pink on my screen. Is that a choice? I always like how true red jumped out. I don't know about worst. There is some pretty strange stuff out of japan, but it isn't as violent. There are a couple Russian websites that make Kink look like Disney in terms of violence, but they aren't a sexual with it. They are annoying because they don't comply with s2257 recordkeeping requirements. Most people would be shocked at how many overseas sites don't comply. That law only applies to "actual sexually explicit conduct" ... not all pornography and certainly not simple nudity. Does anyone writing these papers have any appreciation for the difficulties of producing liquid H2 appropriate for use in manned rockets? This is some seriously tricky stuff. Turning water into liquid H2 is one thing, making it out of dirty moon-frost is another. A little impurity here and there and your rocket engine becomes a bomb. Do it in RSS, or even 64k. Stock KSP is a tiny tiny place. Oh it is more than 68%. That 68% gets you a flyby of Mars, landing is another issue. There are limits to what heatshields and parachutes can do in a thin atmosphere. If you wanted to accurately land something truly heavy you will have to bring fuel for the descent stage. Even just achieving a stable orbit would probably mean doubling that 68%. Aerobrake a couple tons of liquid H2 and O2 in earth's atmosphere? Assuming it doesn't all boil off, it would certainly make for some nice fireworks. A slow series of aerobrakes would run up against the time factor. Today's H2 storage boils off about 1% per day. So if you spend a few weeks slowing things down gradually you quickly defeat the advantage as much of your fuel has escaped. If you are returning from the moon, capture isn't the issue. You are already captured because the moon is captured. You are in a highly elliptical orbit around earth. So aerobraking is still an option, as opposed to the more violent aerocapture maneuver where it all has to happen in the first pass. That is true if the new road does is indeed the source of the new traffic. But it all falls apart if that future increase in traffic will be coming regardless of whether the road is built. that's where the paradox really breaks down. You cannot solve the problem of an external source of new traffic, be it a new stadium at the edge of town or new machine added to the edge of a network, by not building in any new capacity. Well, you could if you simply chose not to serve that new node. Not running any new roads to a new airport is a great way to get that airport to close, just as not serving that new customer on your network is a great way to make that customer go elsewhere. The other flipside to the pardox is that it really is applicable to any network. Sometimes the best way to improve the efficiency of mass transit is to cull bus/train routes. But try selling that in a modern city. The same arguments are made when "pre-release" copies appear online. The last thing the studios want is informed consumers. I say "pre-release" because more often than not the film has been released in one market but not another, for instance to set-top boxes in asia while it is still in theaters in north america. The games industry follows the same pattern. Reviewers with early access, actual early access, are routinely barred from saying anything publicly until the game is released. Publishers don't want knowledge of potentially game-breaking bugs getting out prior to purchase. I;m not convinced that the people building stadiums and airports go around looking for cities with extra traffic capacity. They are responding to forces well outside local traffic issues. The fact that they will generate increased traffic is a factor during planning and construction, but it is certainly not in any way a driving force behind the decision to build. The use of plots, of backstories, risk moving the footage from BDSM into the world of kidnappings and outright rape. Without getting too graphic, putting an actress in a cheerleader outfit is perfectly acceptable in porn, you can even throw in elements of BDSM. But give her the backstory of being kidnapped from her school and forced into sex ... that same BDSM imagery is now a graphic rape. The same goes for age. Putting an actress in a schoolgirl outfit is one thing, giving her lines about being the the 9th grade (and therefore underage) is very different. Kink knows it's best to avoid scripting. Get over cabs? I like uber, but when I'm traveling on business there are some things Uber cannot provide me, things I want. (1) When I get off a plane in a strange city my phone doesn't always work, and if it does I probably don't get data. The taxi stand outside an airport is convenient, identifiable, and works reliably no matter the state of my phone. (2) I don't want a ride from someone in their personal car. I want an easily-recognizable vehicle driven by a person licensed by some sort of local authority. I want a visible number or other identifier on the outside of the vehicle. (3) Professional detachment. Uber rides often take an overly-friendly tone. I like chatting with drivers, but I often don't want to chat. Maybe I'm on the phone with a client, maybe I have a client traveling with me. I don't want to feel bad or be down-rated if I don't act friendly. (4) Local knowledge. A professional cabbie will, within a few weeks, develop some serious local knowledge about streets, hotels and restaurants. With Uber drivers it is hit and miss. When it comes to business travel, especially international travel, cabs still provide value uber cannot match. When I land in SF, if I haven't purchased any plan ahead of time, my rate 5$ per MEGAbyte. That is IF my phone actually works, which is probably 90% for outgoing and 50/50 for receiving incoming calls. Canadian ISPs are horrible, but we don't have much choice. Since Uber relies on having a working phone it cannot rise above that horrible bar. Taxis don't require any working technology. My "plan": http://business.telus.com/en/business/bc/business-travel-roa... People have brought up the "unlock disabled" thing with Uber. Child safety locks are not allowed on most cabs. Drivers are not allowed to lock passengers into the back seats. But Uber drivers can. I never said that Uber should go away. I am pointing out that neither are Taxis, that they are two different services for two different markets. Taxis provide things that uber cannot, one cannot totally replace the other. As for airports not optimizing transport for Canadians, airports should do exactly that. Any city wanting to be a business hub should indeed try to accommodate international travelers. And they all do. If canadians have a rough time at a US airport, I think it safe to assume the Chinese, Japanese, Arab or Indian business traveler will have it worse. Car rental is not an option for many international travelers. Licensing issues mean most will never bother. BART is great, but it isn't for the uninitiated traveler on a dark night. The routing is not intuitive. And it is really loud, not a pleasant experience after a long flight. Isn't the point of having a degree that you don't have to explain it? Isn't it shorthand for "I know X"? I'm not sure I want to spend a year working on an "MIT micromasters" only to have every interviewer ask wtf. If these people want to milk some billionaires for whom shelling a few million is easier than taking the time to understand a technology, I say more power to them. So long as they aren't receiving taxpayer support, nor draining the lifesaving of retires, then they can sell their dream for as long as dreamers have deep pockets. Is it really any worse than homoeopathy? A fool and his money. Phasing, and sympathetic resonance. With 10+ speakers pointing in constantly random direction, in an environment as changing as a starbucks, I would assume that somewhere something might start vibrating at a frequency well within human/cat/dog hearing. Just pray it isn't one of your fillings. >The best bet for getting rid of the charger cord are a strong reduction in required power for the phones, better battery technology, maybe micro fuel cells or some other exotic conversion technology. Or, and this is really out there, larger batteries? Which elfin focus group told everyone that a phone's weight should be measured in carats? I'd sacrifice a few extra ounces for a doubling in battery life without adding new devices. They are not hard to spot. Watch the media entrances of events, where the on-location vans drive through. Look for where traffic is routed through a single lane. Inevitably they will route traffic past an unmarked van. Or, look for an unmarked van trolling any parking lots within any security cordon. https://encrypted.google.com/search?q=NYPD+x-ray+van&prmd=iv... > The 2012 film Argo, directed by Ben Affleck, played up the U.S. spy agency’s role in the escape at the Canadians’ expense, omitting Sheardown’s role in the caper and falsely implying that the Canadian government was willing to leave the six Americans behind after closing the embassy. THAT. Argo really was a horrible belittlement of a predominantly Canadian operation. Artistic license is one thing, but re-writing history simply to appeal to certain demographics (ie American film audiences) is cowardly. Any number of films do this, but it is always wrong. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canadian_Caper Movies that have done the same to appeal to American audiances: U-571 - "Ayer told BBC Radio 4's The Film Programme that he "did not feel good" about suggesting Americans, rather than the British, captured the naval Enigma cipher:" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U-571_%28film%29#Controversies... Master And Commander: The Far Side of the World - "...as the producers wished to avoid offending American audiences [...] the fictional opponent was changed from the USS Norfolk to the French privateer frigate Acheron" (Original book was only loosely historical, but my point remains.) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master_and_Commander:_The_Far_... There is a story that the white house was actually burnt by some of the many former slaves who fought with the brits/canadians. It sounds too fanciful to be true, but freed slaves were there and would have participated in the burning/looting of DC. There are lots more rules than that for swimming. The big rule is that swimming must occur at the surface. The fastest means of moving is dolphin-kicking underwater, usually on one's back. [Insert physics discussion re wetted surface and/or buoyancy.] The rule that swimmers must return to the surface quickly after leaving a wall/dive is to keep swimming healthy, to prevent it becoming a breath-holding event. These rules are pushed. More than a couple champion breaststrokers have admitted to two or more dolphin kicks when leaving a wall underwater (sw 7.1) and the stroke itself is evolving towards dolphin-style kicking. Freestylers really push the 15m limit for underwater travel after dives/turn (SW 5.3). http://www.fina.org/content/swimming-rules Any evolved sport needs rules else it become a meaningless free-for-all, which normally results in unhealthy situations. If these new brooms are damaging ice and diminishing the skills needed to compete then they too should be ruled away. > will open and close the door for you, you can fall asleep, and several hours later wake up at your destination. Not going to happen. Seatbelts and upright seats meant for crashes are not going away even if the robots do all the driving. And I have yet to see any attempt at a robocar capable of understanding and interacting with today's chaotic and haphazard parking rules. Heaven help us should all passengers be required to sign user agreements and watch in-car safety vids, but that could be a reality. I've got a BMW that already asks me to "agree" a contract for the navigation system every time I start. >We are talking about Government Offices here. [...] People need retraining. Why do government workers always need formal retraining? Every job i've ever worked involved constant intake of new skills without dropping tools and attending a class. For a new OS in an office environ that generally boils down to "Here is your new OS. Play around with the colours if you want, but that memo is still due Thursday." [Total idiot post here. As pointed out below, Oxytocin /= Oxycontin. Kept for lols.] Opiods for social disorders? While an interesting effect, the inherent dangers of such a substance should moot any thought of practicality, like discovering that plutonium can be used to cure hangovers. The drive to expand the market for opiod market in recent decades should give everyone pause. Addictive medicines once used to treat pain in hospitals (ie post-surgery) are now sold to old people for arthritis pain, for cronic conditions. I'm sure that lots of companies would jump on even the slightest evidence that opiods might also be used for mental disorders, disorders present in nearly every area of the population. With the current market flooded, with old people already swimming in painkillers, that is the only room for exponential growth. And it is exactly why we should not allow market forces to dictate treatments. Lol, My bad. Probably should have waited until after the morning caffeine injection. Stopped reading when I saw this sidebar: "PICTURED: Does eerie photo snapped HALLOWEEN finally prove ghosts exist?" It is hard to take anything a news organization prints when those are the headlines they choose to promote. Foam would be better than what I saw when last in India: Bombay knee-deep in sewage during a monsoon. (Yes, that was many years ago.) "...In developing Smart Reply we adhered to the same rigorous user privacy standards we’ve always held -- in other words, no humans reading your email." That the humans at Google may read my email is the least of my privacy concerns. That the robots will pass them along to other robots at places other than google is the real worry. But as no such agency exists, why worry? I laugh a little at those who think today's system of legal education is corrupt, costly or protectionist. Law has a very long tradition of formal education and requirements. Today's system is a vast improvement over previous which often required prospective lawyers to complere ridiculous tasks such as "sitting dinners" at dining clubs. That system formally allowed social clubs to dictate who could and couldn't progress. Nearly anyone could blackball you. And don't get me started about the stonecutter requirements at some schools. The tradition is still alive: http://www.theguardian.com/law/2011/may/12/barristers-dinner... q: How to Be a Lawyer Without Going to Law School? a: Read a few wikipedia articles about copyright law. Jump on hackernews to give some advice to a startup founder to cheap to talk to a real lawyer. Feel good about yourself for doing something for free that other charge $$$$. Then disappear before finding out what happens. Um, no. The article speaks of the current system, the current very difficult system of which apprenticeships are a part. If you really want to 'engage' the article, I'd rip it to shreds for lack of depth. It makes no mention of cross-boarder accreditation, instead focusing only on bar pass rates as if that is some judge of quality education (law school /= bar prep). Take for example this: "In many respects, the American Bar Association and other overseeing law bodies don’t take apprenticeships seriously, and do everything they can to corral students into three-year, accredited law schools." Does the author know what the ABA is? It doesn't regulate lawyers in any way. It has no authority and many lawyers (most?) are not affiliated with it. Nor do you have to be a lawyer or law student to join the ABA. (PM me if you want info on that one. I have a few free trial memberships kicking around somewhere.) The advantage of an ABA-accredited law school is that it will be recognized in every US state. Apprenticeships are not. Going that route might bind you to practice in that particular state. A full and proper law degree will allow you to become a lawyer in any US state at any time ... for life. Engage the content? It clickbate junk not worth anyone's time. One shouldn't discuss military sats or the possibility of sats inspecting each other without at least mentioning STS-38, it's telltale mission badge, and it's secret payload (Prowler). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/STS-38 http://www.satobs.org/prowler.html I doubt there was a secret version. Any such patch has not been spotted. I've heard the story told that the patch was worn upside-down, an act which is itself an inside joke amongst US pilots. Note that TheSpaceReview created an image of this patch, and has dared affix their name. Is that a pathetic attempt to copyright something that the article itself claims was a creation of nasa? ['flight patches' mean for flight suits are held on with velcro so that they can be removed prior to flight. Affixing a patch upside down has various meanings depending on the force, much like tucking a tie into one's shirt has meaning in navies.] So this was just a vertical hop? It would seem that SpaceX remains in a totally different league. By only going vertical, this is a very limited "spacecraft", more akin to the Virgin spaceplane than SpaceX's launch vehicles. For proper access to space, rather than tourist hops, everyone wants to see a reusable launch vehicle --> a craft to actually boost something towards orbit rather than an altitude record. That means returning to some sort of landing after huge downrange progress. So while this is an impressive achievement for space tourism (roller-coasters for billionaires) I still see SpaceX's efforts as the more revolutionary. "Throttle" is a term for rocket engines, not rockets. Being able to throttle a single engine to 25% doesn't matter so much if you can instead shut down 3 of 4 engines and throttle the remaining. For a single-engine booster, 25% is still way too much thrust if you are shooting for orbit. A modern booster is 90+% fuel. So the empty or near empty returning booster will need an engine running at around 10% of launch thrust at the moment of landing. That's pretty much what SpaceX is doing by shutting down 8 of 9 engines and throttling the last to 80ish%. I don't see the same goals. SpaceX never talked about about this sort of suborbital tourism. The problem with "space" tourism as a source of funding is that nobody has ever made a go of it. There are only so many people capable of dropping 200,000$ on an hour-long thrill ride. And only a very few of those are young enough (say under 60?) to enjoy a 5g return to earth. It just isn't a reliable source of funds ... but it does get the press coverage needed to trap naive investors. Hovering is also an insane balancing act for a rocket. At speed a rocket can use aerodynamic forces to keep everything lined up. In a hover everything literally turns on the engine gimbals. So there is something to be said for coming to an abrupt halt and landing immediately, before things start getting tipsy. What Kerbal does teach users is that altitude is irrelevant for space travel. Speed is what matters. The "hard part" is pushing something to a useful velocity before attempting a landing. Returning a booster from to near-zero velocity from a near-orbital velocity is far more of an accomplishment than returning from altitude. But that big empty fuel tank above the engine is like a sail for wind. Not to mention the possibility of fuel sloshing around inside nearly-empty tanks. Wow. I've not seen an article in a long while so eager to enpower users by further outsourcing their privacy decisions. Users need to take control for themselves. Outside bodies, be them corporations, governments or something else, will always have different interests than those of individuals. Outside bodies therefore cannot be trusted to enforce privacy. 1) "First, governments need to ensure that Big Tech’s handling of our private data..." No. Governments are the ones who want access to what 'Big Tech' collects. They are in no position to limit collection or use where they themselves enjoy and rely upon open access. Google the "going dark" narrative to see in which direction governments want to push privacy. 2) "Different types of data need to be treated differently." By whome? I'm no republican, but I do think it naive to believe that we can tell google how to handle the data it collects via services it offers for free. They practically invented this data. Rather than ask them to strangle themselves, we should focus on physically limiting their abilities to collect it in the first place (Tor and other clientside encryption schemes). 3) "We need aggressive deletion policies" Bye Bye internet archives. The right to be forgotten is great until one realizes it's just another form of censorship. Those drunken selfies are painful to see, but the onus is on the idiot users who attach their names and full contact data to every drunken tweet. 5) "affordable paid options, with better privacy?" Lol. Payment schemes only add to privacy worries. Now they have a CC number, legal name, or even mailing address to attach to an account. Or perhaps the OP wants anonymous payment schemes. That is a far larger issue that runs contrary to my point (1) above. 6) "an ethics body that could give guidance on deletion policies, content moderation and better consumer control" Another layer of government oversight? Another committee to rubberstamp decisions and project a false image of privacy? Setting the physical safety issues aside, I cannot escape the comical image of a plane-turned-rave after the cabin mood lighting gets hacked by the bored teenager who doesn't want to read news from the airline-approved news source. Pre-recorded safety announcements get replaced by S-Club-7 on a perpetual loop? Siren noise ever time the seatbelt sign turns on? Or how about altering the hosts file so that the official news source points to hustler,com? There is something to be said for some systems not being so heavily networked. Isn't this called a "slump"? I think I learned that this is simply a landslide without a feedback loop to accelerate the process. The centre of gravity for each moving mass of rock doesn't move outside its footprint, so nothing ever tips over and rather slowly squishes everything underneath. I also remember that this process is what makes sand dunes sing. Wind builds them steeper and steeper while gravity causes them to slowly squish down, the billions of little slips resulting audible noise. 1. Cookies are only one of many data points for identifying user. A properly unidentifiable browser is tricky to implement. 2. Depending on your settings, an agent faker can make you move identifiable should it project a unique or impossible agent. Even one set on to a randomized list can be telling as so few people use such settings. You have to be careful. 3. And who is going to read these emails without subject lines? 4. Unless you are going to live in a unibomber-style shack, you need some form of public network. And any successful private network eventually expands to the point of being public. Even facebook was once private. 5. To keep informed you'll need to read and communicate online ... which only makes 1-4 more difficult. It's not about the software, but the entire package. The soft/firmware can be total junk, but if it isn't networked to other systems then it isn't going to be hacked. Take the mood lighting. Once upon a time such LEDs would be tied to a controller with three knobs, three rehostats, to set the RGB values. Done. No networking, just knobs. Hacking would require digging holes into the wall. Anyone willing to do that would just turn the knobs. But now it's connected to a tablet app. The software on that networked tablet is always, always, going to be more of a risk than the software behind those not-networked RGB knobs. It's a physicality problem. Or creating the road removed support or, more likely imho, made changes to water movements that eventually undermined the structures uphill. There is a point at which the elites of any activity become so proficient that meaningful differences between them disappear. Competitions are then won based on factors seemingly outside the nature of the activity. These rubik solvers seem to be at a point. Looking at the comments on this thread few talk of the actual solving. Most are concerned with the circumstances of the competition, I think because most here realize the differences between competitors are so slight that one must look to the competition rather than the competitive act to determine validity. So I offer this alternative: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5Zi054Fa5k By increasing the underlying difficulty of the task to the point that even the elites make many mistakes during competition, the focus returns to the underlying skill. And: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOilnrGrKsY A funny joke, but a telling statement. Words so commonly used reflect attitudes and history. For instance most of the English-speaking world says Goobye ("God be with you") while the French use the more neutral AuRevoir (until we see again). Web browsers now greet websites with "PRISM", the equivalent of "the walls have ears". "...this essential tool is also produced from a limited resource." Noop. Paper comes from trees. Trees are not a limited resource. They grow again. A well-managed forest will provide forever. Looking at the complexity of this machine, the plastics and metal used, and its probable energy consumption, I doubt it is any more environmentally friendly than new or traditional recycled paper. I also cannot see this thing recycling forever. It adds chemicals, binders, to the new paper. Subsequent generations will be more and more binder and less and less paper. So the process will need an intake of new paper at one end, and a disposal of used paper waste at the other. And now instead of relatively harmless paper ready for recycling, that waste is toxic sludge of binders and fragrances. Unless and until we can recommend things that aren't available via netflix, this invention remains another crowdsourced, yet ironically still proprietary, commercial product. Nexflix already had my viewing habits, my daily routine, and my money. They shouldn't need my help too. Netflix needs/wants in-house recommendations because any external recommendation service risks drawing attention to their limited offerings. Netflix has around 20,000 titles for Americans, closer to 6000 it seems for canadians. That's only slightly better than a well-stocked blockbuster video. Nearly every old show recommended to me by friends, by actual flesh-and-blood people, isn't there. Also, What happens to recommendations once the shows they recommend are dropped from the netflix lineup? Ah. So this is totally useless for we canadians. Every time a Canadian hits "this content isn't available in your region" a pirate is born. ISIS and AlQaeda aren't the ones taking freedom from the west. Similar organizations have existed for hundreds of years without such impact. If it wasn't ISIS it would be something else. The source of erosion is internal. So too is the blame. That's why we have so many mechanisms to slow official reactions. We know that, as humans, we are prone to rash decisions in the face of crisis. Even the patriot act contains a sunset provision, an internal recognition that it was likely a knee-jerk reaction to fear. But the renewal of that provision is not a rash decision, nor is it taken by ISIS. The decision to keep the Patriot Act alive year after year is a cold political calculation divorced from any immediate crisis. Take a look at britain in the 50s, or the US in the 60s. Speech was more heavily stymied then than it is today. It cost more to do so, but governments then still tracked people's activity. If anything, today's technology allows us to recognize and react to such behaviour whereas previous generations remained unaware. Pig notice only on checkout? That doesn't necessarily point to some issue with his payment method. The checkout server is likely different than the content server and may be subject to different protections. Imho they are running the standard 'enemy IP' blocklists used by p2p filesharers for may years. Where one sees law enforcement using computers, one must first assume incompetence. In all likelihood he/she was using a machine at a known cop shop (Windows) without any sort of IP masking. Some cops are highly trained IT specialists, but many investigators are actually just senior traffic enforcers who have been promoted into "technology crime" units. They have training and paper certifications, but lack any deep knowledge re technology. They make lots of mistakes. Think flowers by irene. But how many investigators are actual feds? There are literally hundreds, thousands even, of US police agencies. Most any one of those can setup a few computers and start looking for online crime. This guy could be from a local department of five officers, not an unusual situation in the US. No. Please leave lots of gaps ... ones just long enough for my motorcycle to sneak into. In all seriousness, in many parts of the world it is natural for two-wheelers to filter past stopped cars to fill every available space in stop and go traffic. Given that bikes fit more people into a given space (pushbikes and motorcycles etc) having the cars leave gaps while stopped can be more efficient. But only where there are enough bikes willing to filter, which is rare in north america. What is really interesting to me is the math behind leaving extra space in moving traffic. I have to cross a major bridge every day (Vancouver, Lions Gate Bridge) which is often only one lane for my direction. A driver leaving 5 or 10 seconds worth of space impacts everyone behind them. 10 seconds x 350 cars means that one person leaving too much of a gap is actually creating an hour's worth of delay. You missed the point. I didn't mean they delayed any one person by an hour. They are delaying 350 people each by ten seconds ... a cumulative delay of an hour. 10 seconds on a bridge is not unusual. They are normally people looking at the view. The kids around here are taught to "Increase your following distance ... to four seconds in bad weather conditions." In Vancouver, that is a not-small amount of the year. http://www.icbc.com/driver-licensing/Documents/drivers5.pdf At 75kph (normal speed on a rushhour bridge) 4 seconds means an 80 meter (90yard) gap. If everyone left such a gap any city would grind to a halt. I'd say that a billion dollars seems like far too much money considering all the problems that money could solve here on earth. It could be spent on general science education, which imho would probably result in greater discoveries over the long term. But LeBron James just inked a deal that could see him earn that much for bouncing a ball.