He's not alone in applying physics math to number theory. One thing that makes mathematicians leery of physics-inspired proofs is that physicists accept mathematical transformations that produce correct experimental results but that have not been proven axiomatically. For example, here is a proof of the Riemann Hypothesis: http://aip.scitation.org/doi/10.1063/1.5012170 It uses operations on an analytic continuation of the zeta function. Are they OK? I don't know. If they are, it's Fields Medal material. But this is nothing new. Oliver Heaviside revolutionized differential equation solving with the Heaviside Operator, which gives correct answers to electromagnetic problems. Nowadays we call it the Laplace Transform, because Laplace had used what turned out equivalent, for other purposes. Other reasons Heaviside is often ignored are that he was a commoner, and he published all his papers in a newspaper. He originated the theory of transmission lines (inventing the loading coils you still see hanging between telephone poles) and atmospheric radio propagation, both often credited to others. See Paul Nahin, "Oliver Heaviside: Sage in Solitude" It should be noted that Maxwell's quaternion formulation of the same relations has just two equations. Vector notation won out over quaternions not from elegance or power, but from practical details of working them on paper. Now that we don't, anymore, quaternions are probably the better notation. Somebody should rewrite an E-M and an optics textbook. In other words, physicists were entirely correct to toss the infinite values, and mathematicians were later persuaded it was mathematically sound. Nowadays, although physicists say they are "renormalizing", they still just toss the infinite values. They're justified by results of experiments. Mathematicians are limited because, typically, they have no handy universe to run experiments in, never mind budget for a supercollider. String theory has no experiments, so has no touchstone to justify dodgy maths. String theorists routinely depend on the infinite sum 1 + 2 + 3 + ... = -1/12, without apology. It's anybody's guess how well that will turn out in the end, but it hasn't interfered with grants, publication, or tenure, so it's OK so far. I guess Nahin called it a newspaper because it came out on newsprint, folded over, weekly. It would be called a trade rag, these days, if we had those anymore. https://books.google.com/books?id=ehJbAAAAYAAJ&dq=intitle%3A... Potato, potahto. If the experiment produced different results, mathematicians would not be asked for an opinion until the physicists came up with some other math. Because the experiment matched, mathematicians were obliged to invent a framework to justify it. Some people say that they are using "=" to mean something else, and relying on context to distinguish which "=" they mean. But it's less fun to say that the sum of the natural numbers "is associated with" -1/12, especially if you have to say how, exactly. Heaviside's comment, famously, was "Shall I refuse my dinner because I do not fully understand the process of digestion?" I am astonished that, in the two years, you had not already handled 100+ scheduled failovers. If your HA is good, customers don't notice, and if not, you find out when there are fewer of them (and in daytime!), and fix it. Probably by now Pacemaker would have been abandoned. A hundred drills would have been enough to flush out these behaviors. If you are afraid to run drills on production equipment, you should be running them on a full-scale production testbed, ideally with mirrored production traffic. With a production-scale testbed, two years is enough to run thousands of risk-free failovers. Not doing frequent production failure drills is just irresponsible. Firefox says "this add-on could not be installed because it appears to be corrupt" Nobody seems to want to say it, but murder is a much more plausible explanation than suicide or accident. It is scary to think so because the murderer and his accomplices remain free and in power. This article doesn't explain why they have so much trouble with versioning a protocol that is quite a lot simpler than many IP protocols that work. They shouldn't need GREASE, because anybody implementing TLS should be testing against a dedicated server, identified in the RFC, that connects as a client and jiggles all the knobs. What, no conformance testing address is in the RFC? There's your problem right there. To the conspiracy-minded among us, it is clear that "some people" don't want progress on encrypted communications, and know just what percentage of devices need to be intolerant of progress to stall adoption of fixes. Making browsers treat dropped connections as part of the protocol was very convenient for "those people". I.e., this is not (significantly) a matter of incompetent implementers, this is an enemy attack. Deployment plans that assume good faith by all parties fail under enemy attack. As with everything cryptographic, a threat model is essential. Deployment is as much a part of the system and attack surface as the ciphers. This posting makes me unaccountably happy. Not to take anything away from cetaceans, but this article slights elephants and crows. Both recognize themselves in mirrors, and invent tools. Without looking at any other solutions, I whipped up a one-off 37-line C++11 program that is easily twice as fast as the best D or Rust one, with no special tricks. (Change out the uses of "auto" and it qualifies as C++98.) I am appalled that a 125-line program to do such a simple job could win. If that was the best they could do, I would have kept the challenge open until something better came in. I haven't tried the other programs on one-field files, or where the field selected is the first, or the last. Did you? #include #include #include #include #include int main(int, char** argv) { std::ifstream in(argv[1]); std::string head; if (!(in >> head)) return std::cout sputn(&head[1], head.size()-2); ob->sputc('\n'); bool skipping = pos == 0; for (int c = 0, count = skip_pre; (c = ib->snextc()) != EOF; ) { if (c == ',' || c == '\n') { if (skipping) { count = skip_post + skip_pre; skipping = count == 0; ob->sputn(&sub[0], sub.size()); } else if (--count == 0) { skipping = true; } ob->sputc(c); } else if (!skipping) ob->sputc(c); } } His influence on robotics has been mostly negative, although the mechanism has been mostly journalistic stupidity. The "three laws" could never be implemented in hardware, they were just rules about how to make stories. "Suppose robots followed these. What would happen?" His answer was that they would quietly take over the world and keep us as pets. Because nothing like them could be implemented, there was no predictive value. The actual outcome, without laws and with corporations standing in for the robots, is that we are livestock and vermin, according to individual usefulness and accidents of birth. The hydrogen fuel pathway has already been solved, and much more elegantly. Hydrogen produced by direct, catalytic hydrolysis from sunlight, in water, is taken up by microbes in the water that absorb CO2 and excrete hydrocarbons -- oil -- that floats to the surface, and is directly usable in existing fuel tanks and engines, no further processing needed. I use state machines all the damn time. Am I, then, no developer? Maybe you meant to say that only competent developers use state machines. But that would place you outside their august company, leaving us little reason to credit your observation. In that world, the absence of state machines in one's code would reliably indicate incompetence. But in fact, by definition, there is no computer program on God's green Earth that is not a state machine. Programming languages were created specifically to make the state machines they compile down to look more intuitive and less like, you know, state machines. So the observation is really that our programs usually look the way they were intended to look, except when we abuse our language in pursuit of performance, elegance, or other consensual delusion. There is no such language as "C/C++". Putting that in your title telegraphs that you don't have much to say, even if you might. This article made no sense at all. It could have made sense with a few strategically placed definitions. "Depression" is used to describe any number of barely-related syndromes. The only way anybody seems to know to distinguish them, or to diagnose them, is by which medication turns out to help after it's been tried. That makes drug trials iffy propositions; if a drug helps only one per six patients, maybe they were the only ones with the kind of depression it's good for. (And of course some patients have more than one kind.) Medically, it rivals unconsciousness for making the patient unable to seek help, with the wrinkle that others tend to blame the patient for failing to try hard enough. There is no language named C/C++. There is C, and there is C++. To be taken seriously, treat them as the very different languages they are. It's much easier to express what's wrong with design pattern chatter: Each design pattern represents a failure in the host language to provide facilities sufficient to abstract the pattern as a library component. when you find yourself relying on design patterns, it is a sign that it is long past time to switch to a more expressive language. This is a very interesting article, but many of the numbers are off. The three foundation stones at Baalbek are estimated at 800 to 1100 tons each. The Romans never managed to move anything much over 300 tons -- one of the Egyptian obelisks had to be broken up so they could bring the top part to Rome. Nobody knows who moved the stones at Baalbek, but they are much more deeply weathered than the Roman temples built on top. It is considered important that they did not need to be lifted, as they were quarried from higher than their final resting place. Always and forever, surveillance is a precursor to and enabler of extortion. The extortion we usually hear about is people forced to testify, often to lie, about others still under investigation, or to recruit other informants and exfiltrate secrets. We hear about it because it is useful for us to have heard about it. In the other instances there is no reason to tell us, so the only way to find out about them is to be extorted. Like the world needs yet another Sans typeface. The only objective measure of the value of a typeface for reading comprehension showed that serif faces are overwhelmingly better. The only thing favoring sans-serif faces is fashionability among graphic designers. Making new ones does nothing for anyone except the designer. I have been using LinuxLibertine for text. It's just about perfect. Noto Serif looks like it was intended as a caption font. I wonder if anyone has tried rendering directly to AV1 (or x264, or what-have-you), e.g. in a video game. There is all this hardware devoted to turning a few bytes of input into lots of pixels out. Maybe you could do less work producing just the few bytes, and let dedicated hardware generate the pixels. Of course you don't need for the CPU to generate the bytes; code running on the GPU would still do that, but with less work to do, you might get higher frame rates, or better detail at the same rate. You heard it here first. (That is, unless it doesn't work.) This is just the reference implementation. Its purpose is as a check for production versions to verify they produce the right bits, and to make clear what all the protocol options are. Production performance will be comparable to software implementations of the other protocols; and then hardware will be real-time, soon enough, and there will be expensive way-faster-than hardware for transcoding services. If you have much transcoding to do, you farm it to them. The performance of the first x264 software implementations was no better, although you never saw them. Not if the information starts out in fewer bytes. Then, you're just rearranging the bits into renderable order. "Chicken" is a very small number of bits that would need to be expanded to more bits (leg down here, wing over there, beak up here) before handing them over to the decoder to make actual feathers. The representation in a game's scene list is overwhelmingly more compact than the input to a decoder would be, and most of it barely changes from one second to the next, as the pixels are all replaced dozens of times over. Viruses always mutate, and they are far more clever about it than any puny human. But fewer than one in a billion viral species has the slightest interest in infecting you. Much more interesting than production of hydrogen (which has been achieved elsewhere: https://phys.org/news/2011-09-artificial-leaf-fuel-sunlight-... ) is integrated production of stuff more useful than hydrogen. https://phys.org/news/2016-05-bacterium-inhales-carbon-dioxi... You can grow bacteria in the same water, and given CO2, they produce and excrete hydrocarbons. Daniel Nocera uses Ralston eutropha bacteria, and a different catalyst. Competing with C is a pretty low bar, nowadays; although I appreciate the uniquely careful definition used here. When you are serious about performance, nowadays, cache misses and branch prediction are decreasingly relevant. You need to talk about drawing on computational resources practically inaccessible from C, including AVXn vector units, and shaders. C's weakness for expressing abstractions is a fundamental and unbridgeable handicap for such computation. C++ might be up to the job, and Haskell should be. It is not clear whether Rust is. For this kind of hardware exploitation, direct compiler support will always lag far behind. You need for the language to be expressive enough to support writing libraries that wrap access to the platform's hardware features in a way that the library can be ported to other hardware without changing client code, and present its capabilities in a way natural for the language. Compiler optimizers are good at merging client code with library implementation when both are in the same language, and can identify efficiencies not available to library or clients taken in isolation. It is not typically less work to write such a library than to tailor a compiler, but the work has better longevity. Other people port the library for their hardware, and all the compilers and programs are brought along. In the case of rustc and ghc, where there is momentarily only one compiler, it may be harder to see this. Move along, nothing to see here. It is quite stunning how lightweight and meaningless this editorial is. The only real question is why NYT printed it. There is undoubtedly a reason somewhere in the bowels of the newsroom, but it is certainly not a reason to read it, much less to post a link to it. I don't understand why they insist on fooling with carbon, when phosphorus forms nice sheets like graphene that are naturally semiconconducting. It probably has a lot to do with appealing to the prejudices of grant committees. I see so much custom hardware. Can somebody tell me why running the drivers of interest in a virtualbox/qemu image, and logging interaction on the host OS, doesn't do a better job than custom hardware? Maybe you need Linux for the host OS, that not everybody already has. It might be like KVM switches, that nobody using Linux would ever feel like they needed. It takes infinite energy to achieve a walking pace? Where do playets get that? I will never understand how MS execs didn't go to jail for contempt of court when their fraudulent video was exposed. Nor how David Boies went from there to representing SCO. Or how SCO counsel and execs alike avoided contempt of court, with their own shenanigans. Getting caught lying to a jury is one thing, lying to the judge... It is really amazing, when you get into it, how many people with excellent-looking CV and experience just can't code their way out of a wet paper bag. They don't know what cache is or how to tell when you've run out of it; can't use pointers, can't write a loop; don't understand object lifetime or that objects have one; or think a null pointer is, or should be, the same as an empty string. (This last is most amazing because it seems to be official policy at Google!) The elementary coding and debugging exercises that are so annoying are necessary because most candidates, by far, can't begin to do them -- MS:CS, real-time OS thesis project, and N years experience notwithstanding. What have these people been doing? I have seen brainteasers used well, but only as a jumping-off point for a conversation that tends well away from the puzzle. I used to use a design problem (no coding) that bright undergrads solved in two minutes, BSes in five, MSes in 20, and PhDs either never, or as fast as an undergrad. Everyone who solved it used identically the same hand gesture when describing the solution. ITA Software used to publish great programming puzzles that you were invited to solve and send with a CV. (Google bought them out and eventually took down the puzzles, back in 2010, but they might still be in wayback). To learn how your solution compared to theirs, you had to send it! It might not work so well anymore, since everything gets posted nowadays. He undermines his message at the end, talking about airport security lines. They are irritating because they are BS, meaningless security theater, from beginning to end. They are stressful because they create uncertainty about whether we will miss our flight, and whether we will have our property confiscated, or be incarcerated for things we have no control over, or our pants will slip down when we take our belts off. Security theater is there to create the impression that something is being done when nothing can be. The stressful experience is the entire purpose of the operation. It looks to me like it worked perfectly. The subjects increased their ability to recognize that they would better do something else meaningful. If my colleagues became less interested in pointless busywork, that would improve my life as well as theirs. Maybe the OP would like to look up the word "reign" in the dictionary. It doesn't seem to appear in TFA. It is a perhaps understandable mistake for someone whose native language isn't English. "Reign" is about kings ; "rein" is about horses. The more I read of this article, the less I believe. So, what happened? And why are we seeing this again now? Especially, when internal combustion is about obsolete? Until it gets popcount and count leading zeros, I can't use it. Fascist trains didn't really run on time. It is just that nobody could say they didn't. But, yes, utility is poorly correlated with ethics, at least in the short term. Longer term, maybe not. Ethical failure has a way of gumming up communication paths. Missed the point, so badly. There is nothing smug about the comic. It expresses horror at democracy subject to haphazard, ill-informed choices and malicious negligence. Hanging chads were a result of a previous rush to faulty technology. The fact is that voting machines are thrown together from faulty components with faulty design choices by badly managed companies with no evident care for their responsibility to the public. All the geoengineering proposals I have encountered ignore ocean acidification. A less-overheated planet with a dead ocean is hardly any better than an overheated planet with a dead ocean. That said, half of global climate disruption is from refrigerants. To prevent ultimate disaster, existing refrigeration systems must be destroyed without gas release, and replaced with systems that don't rely on (and leak) CFCs or HFCs. tl;dr: Stuff happened 65+ mya. Theories developed over past ~50 years. Human extinction due in 50 y to 0.5 my. Implication: there is no need to rush a conclusion. New evidence will continue to surface. We might be extinct before certainty arrives. This policy has been a security disaster. Besides the obvious problems with undefined behaviors, it has made evolving protocols to fix problems often impossible. Abandoning notions of boolean and aristotelian logic at the outset is the first step toward success in understanding developments. Children have to invent their own logic, and then discover words that fit it. Only later do they learn about other logics, and adjust. Most never get to Boole, never mind Aristotle, but what they have works well enough for what they expect of it. At the same time, they are inventing causality, which formal logic still has not absorbed, and that most statisticians remain deeply suspicious of. I think I like my tomu.im gadget better. Just sayin'. I don't understand why all these things have to be so huge and clumsy. The Tomu (tomu.im) fits almost entirely inside a USB slot, and has 64k of flash and a 32-bit ARM. If it does have to be big enough to be on a lanyard or something, I need it to be flexible, like a short cable dongle. A long skinny USB stick is an accident waiting to happen. My guess is they proved that quantum computers can't break it, and they would rather we stay on RSA so they can sweep things up and crack them all when they get to it. Does this seem insane to anyone else? Emulating an Arduino, you get no benefit at all from re-implementing a compiler. The Instruction Set Architecture is rigorously defined. All you need to do is implement that, plus some peripherals. Write a compiler from ATmega machine code to your VM, if you like. This C++-- will never be actually useful to anyone, and people developing for Arduino already have more than one anyway. It might be educational, but almost all the work has gone into the least useful and least educational parts of it. The destructor is by far the single most essential feature of C++. After that, constructors, templates, and the standard library take 2nd, 3rd, and 4th place. If you think integer conversions are important, you have not learned much at all. There are already several ATmega emulators done sanely. One more would not be bad, and could break new ground. Use virtualization primitives to make an x86 program translated from ATmega think it's a real chip, and emulate the Arduino 100x faster than the real one. I bet it's 3840 x 2160, not 2840 x 2160. What I want to know about a thing like this is how long it can go all out (on 1, 2, 3 ... N cores) before it gets throttled down to Celeron speed. My experience has not been very encouraging, so far. But if it can run one core at top speed indefinitely, that would be better than nothing. Uvm used to be really cool, when there was only one core and one memory map. Then those busybody CPU manufacturers gave us lots of cores, and each core its own TLB, and then we had to trash everybody's TLB whenever somebody re-mapped something. That made working by flapping page mappings slow everything else down, and UVM became a specialist technique for embedded systems small enough to have just one core, but big enough to have mapped memory. Meanwhile, memory systems have got better and better at copying -- mostly just by adding bandwidth, but also by having lots of registers to slurp bytes into and spew out elsewhere -- to the point that gymnastics to avoid copying are often slower than just copying. It is perhaps worth noting that the bulk of Mongo's operating losses were only paper: vesting stock options. I don't know why they wanted to keep that a secret from Wall Street, but it means that they got 6+ years' operating capital from the sale, not just 2. Keeping the secret meant they were motivated to shed people vesting too much, to make their apparent losses look smaller. Wall Street smoke 'n' mirrors strikes again. If you aren't incurring losses, it means you are throwing away potential income by growing too slowly, and inviting competitors to take up the slack. In case of a market or tech hiccup, you might find yourself without "sufficient cash flow", and collapse, but that would be the investors' problem. The investors are assumed to be able to absorb the loss and disappointment without undue discomfort, and so they are. Risk to your dreams takes last place. Probably if Babbage had employed watchmakers, he could have got it done, but clockwork run on springs isn't as impressive as massive, clanking machinery driven by steam engines. He would still have had the problem of driving typesetting equipment, but that seems like a smaller problem. Output on punched paper tape was the solution the later generation chose, and would have worked. Amusingly, the original telegraph inventions (plural) output dots on paper, but accidents of finance left us with the inferior audio clickery. Sort of like how we are still using x86. I am very happy to see this re-posted if only because it evoked the exposition above. There might be a reason why you are not asked to manage a growing business. It looks to me like you found out that Python is slow in even more ways than we knew. But we knew that. That is another cost of such a language -- that even things that rationally look faster are slower. But machine code, and thus optimized compiled code, has moved into the same space -- the machine instructions are interpreted, too, now. Speeds are a thousand times more, but things affecting speed are way more complex, so reasoning is similarly compromised. It's a deal with the devil: in exchange for typical speedups of an order of magnitude or more, you lose the ability to tell what is making it slow, and even whether it is slow at all. What does slow mean, now? Only than another program is faster. But you need to have found it to know. On modern chips (Haswell and later), a loop of only four instructions -- two comparisons, two branches, which may run for a microsecond or months, depending on input, may take time t or 2t depending on whether the compiler guesses right about which way one of the tests goes. It happens that gcc tends, systematically, to guess wrong on these. The difference comes down to whether the loop takes one cycle or two per typical iteration. Using __builtin_expect() can overpower the compiler's guess, but who wants that in their code? But it doesn't always work either. Slightly older chips (Sandybridge) would always take the 2t months, regardless. So we got a really significant speedup, sometimes, at the cost of not knowing whether we are getting it, or what we need to do to get it. Engineering is turned into shamanism and guessing. At least we always know that a Python program will always be slower than any equivalent compiled program. But Mercurial is fast... 1.There is no such language as C/C++. 2. There are no developers of C/C++. 3. C and C++ are distinct languages. 4. Anybody advertising for a C/C++ developer is insufficiently aware of software requirements to provide meaningful employment. 5. C++ programmers and C programmers have different responses to unfamiliar languages. 6. Some C programmers would like to be thought of as skilled "C/C++" programmers. There are none. Thus, they are not. 7. Many C++ programmers are capable of altering C code. They, also, are not "C/C++" programmers. When altering C code, they are programming in C, not C++. 8. C++ programmers and C programmers make different kinds of mistakes. 9. Anyone titling an article about "C/C++ programmers" make is making a fundamental category error, and has self-identified as lacking insight. 10. Anyone titling an article about mistakes "C/C++ programmers make" refers to an empty set of programmers. 11. People new to Go make mistakes. (One such mistake might be using Go at all; that is not decided.) 12. There will be some intersection between mistakes made by any two groups of programmers. 13. The intersection between mistakes made by Java programmers and Javascript programmers does not define a "Java/Javascript" language, nor a set of "Java/Javascript programmers", despite any similarity of names or surface syntax between the two. So, the Richat Structure, or Eye of the Sahara, never existed either? In a word: yes. People who know best have been raising the alarm for decades now, but in most places it has only gotten worse. Kamala Harris entered public life over securing California's voting processes. California has been a rare bright spot. It has been common to insist that equipment is not connected wirelessly and not on the internet when in fact it connects via a cell phone, which is readily cracked. Even physical security is neglected: the "seals" used on ballot boxes are easily spoofed, leaving no physical evidence of tampering. The solution is the same everywhere: be patient. Let essential checking be done. Nothing real hinges on finding out tomorrow instead of three days later. Next they'll tell us there's such a thing as "wet towels". "Debt: The First 5,000 Years" by David Shaefer. Top marks! An exploration of the origin of money, and what it means. Money is a pure invention, invented for purposes now almost forgotten. Currency was invented thousands of years later, for military purposes. The book is full of surprises. The actual problem with this, after you have satisfied yourself about the numerous non-problems, is that practically any real app in wasm has calls to library code implemented in C or C++ and compiled to real asm to implement the extended Javascript runtime, that you would not want running in ring 0. To those are added all the kernel-mode functions that must be used correctly. (If the app can be provoked to use them wrong, boom.) So, the plausible use is an implicitly trusted app not exposed to untrusted input, that is system-call bound, and that you want to distribute cross-platform without recompiling to targets that have installed this module in a known kernel version. It seems easier just to distribute source for a kernel module; or kernel modules built for the (2? 3 tops) architectures required. [edit: spelling error.] eBPF is generated from LLVM IR, so any language that compiles to IR works, so long as the code doesn't translate to IR operations not permitted in eBPF. > I'm not sure why linking third party code is a concern, it all must live inside the sandbox provided by the runtime. Some runtime stuff implements operations not expressible in JS, and not permitted in the sandbox. You may not want that code in the kernel. Anyway, if random kernel functions can be called from the sandbox, it would be easy to misuse them. Untrusted input might trick code into misusing them from in the sandbox, via nominally valid operations. Does webasm protect against integer overflow, or unaccounted unsigned wraparound? Not all exploitable bugs are pointer violations. Another good reason to drop iOS from your workflow. They say closer to the poles, wind power cools. So, put wind power systems at higher latitudes, and solar at lower latitudes -- where it is more effective. Sorted. I look forward to the day when the rotors are taken down (and used for roofing?), the pods mined for their rare earths. The towers will have loose mesh stretched between them, and collect wind power by releasing ions against an electric field maintained by the mesh. (This was patented in the '80s by Alvin Marks. Expired, now, both.) Patterns failed because they aren't patterns. But if the GoF had published a Glossary of Software Things We Find We Use, few would have bought it. In one sense DP wasn't a failure, because it made its authors boatloads of money. That's usually considered enough, if your expectations are not unreasonable. It didn't revolutionize software development, but software development already was and still is dead in the middle of a continuous revolution, with no end in sight. That revolution is driven by programming languages getting better at enabling programmers to capture ideas in libraries. Progress mostly happens by existing languages adopting good ideas. Sometimes the ideas have been tried out first in a new language, but as often not. If you have a good language idea, you stand an overwhelmingly better chance of people using it if you get it into a widely used language. As a consequence, C++ has, over the past 20 years, turned into a language that is enormously more fun than its first standardized version. C++11 is more fun than C++98, C++14 is more fun than 11, 17 is more fun than 14, and 20 will be more fun than 17. The bleeding edge is discovering how to express good ways to control the non-von Neumann hardware whose computational capacity completely overwhelms the pile of cores we are handed. It's not clear that libraries will be able help very much with that. GPUs have enormously more computational capacity than CPUs, and are very weird. They can be programmed in C or C++, but it is not not a natural fit. Near-future chips will have FPGAs on board. Programming FPGAs is much stranger. You can shoehorn them into doing familiar things, but it's wasteful. Libraries in source form are libraries. The most useful and used libraries for C++ are all, or almost all, source, and there's nothing wrong with that A pattern, in the DP sense, is something you use over and over but can't be put in a library. As the language gets better, the patterns become ordinary library components. Then people start to notice patterns in use of the language plus library, and either capture them in another component, extend the language to enable capturing them, or just rewrite again every time. So a catalog of patterns is really a list of language weaknesses. For an unfixably weak language like C, a list of patterns might be actually useful over the long term. But ambitious people will have moved on to a more powerful language, leaving the incurious, who will not be interested. Not convincing. We know Kepler results are heavily biased for (1) systems edge-on to us (2) with big planets (3) very close to their star. The only conclusion to draw is that planets that are all clustered close to their star tend to similar sizes. Then only Mercury is unusual. Even there, it's not unique. Stars with planets distributed more widely, like ours, have been systematically filtered out of the results. We have no idea how common they are. It might be that they are rare, and that would make us unusual. In that case, distribution would be interesting and relative sizes would be unremarkable. If in fact they are common, there is no reason to expect sizes in those cases to be uniform. A system that condensed from a cloud with less intrinsic rotation seems more likely to have its planets clustered close. Less intrinsic rotation could also result in more uniformity. The author demonstrated that a particular model is not consistent with the selected systems. That is not evidence strongly in favor of a single other model (uniform sizes = normal) it is evidence very weakly in favor of every other possible model. This result says that random sizes and orbits are not consistent with observations. But there is a huge gap between "random" and "uniform", even ignoring all the possible different distributions. We know that our solar system is not random -- e.g., we have the "platonic solids" spacing, for our inner planets. So, our solar system is also not described by the disallowed model. It's great that some subset of random distributions are ruled out for systems that happen to have planets packed close to their star, but that says nothing at all about how we compare to the the overwhelming majority of other systems systematically excluded from the sample. As with most results that hit the popular press, any actual significance is garbled to the point of meaninglessness. But a good graphic can be worth a lot if you ignore the headline. Failing to factor them can be pretty important. Just keep telling yourself that. Or, look up the right answer. Management gets some vague benefits if they have more recognized minority-category people on staff. (No benefits for hiring older employees, of course.) Funny how the article entirely ignores huge caves on Africa dug by elephants mining salt. They ate the tailings. Maybe there is only one such cave known, so somehow it doesn't count? By all the reports, it seems really astonishing that Intel ever manage to ship anything. The subtext might be that Intel upper management's main job is to kill projects that might distract from things that absolutely must ship. And, maybe the wholesale killing frequently gores stuff that succeeds in shipping despite all. There are still plenty of truths that make sweepy GC a terrible basis for a general purpose programming language. RC -- reference-counting -- is, of course, a kind of GC, and thus another thing to avoid, most of the time, in performant programs. That is a reason "shared_ptr" in C++, and its analog in Rust, are used sparingly, particularly in libraries that might need to be used nobody-knows-where. (Shared_ptr-happy coding is a marker of the reluctant Java convert.) Another reason is that it tends to serialize otherwise parallel programs. Libraries are at the core of the GC problem. When you control the main program, you can take all kinds of liberties. But a language that doesn't support using the full power of the language to write universally-usable libraries will always remain in whichever ghetto birthed it. Another problem not noted in the article is the often very poor cache locality behavior of GC-dependent languages. This can often be mitigated by trading off some other desirable quality. Again, such tradeoffs are easy in a main program, and near impossible in a library. Manipulating this tradeoff is characteristic of misleading benchmarks showing GC languages as "nearly as fast as", usually, C. (C++ and Rust are substantially faster than C, in real programs, so are less popular comparison targets.) Another problem with programs in GC-dependent languages, not mentioned, is what might be called poor citizenship. A GC program might run well when it (a benchmark?) is the only program running, but run several and things may change. This is a consequence of two facts. First, letting garbage accumulate is more efficient for any single program, but may interfere with other programs that would like to do the same. Second, on typical platforms, it is hard to know how much garbage is too much. Memory is cheaper than it once was, most places, but cache is still dear, and an increasing ratio still has baleful consequences. Many, perhaps most programs need to manage resources other than memory, or even manage more than one kind of memory. Once you have facilities in place to manage any resource, memory is just one of them, and may be managed the same way. When you are blessed with destructors (or a Drop trait), the appeal of GC, or any second system, and its interactions with the first, evaporates. GC-dependent languages suffer from other problems, but this comment is growing long, and these are enough for me. Not all programs need to be fast, or constructible from mature, widely usable and widely sourced libraries, or play well with others, or manage non-memory resources, but many do. The rest can be coded in GC-dependent languages without shame. Socialized medicine has been working out super great for most of the world for long enough to know it is a great idea worth copying. Meanwhile, infant mortality in the US is on par with, what, Belarus? Oops, no, Belarus is doing quite a lot better now. Socialized road maintenance is still working out pretty well, even in the US. We were doing pretty well with drinking water, most places, until recently, although corporate influence delayed improvements in lead- and mercury-exposure standards by many decades. Analogies don't always work out the way we would like. I've seen an assertion that brain surgeons have seven times the risk of developing Alzheimer's as other surgeons (although I can't seem to find it now). If true, that would support an infection hypothesis, though not necessarily implicating HSV. Valacyclovir is cheap and safe enough that it could be given "on spec", to a very large number of people at risk. If it works, it works. One might interpret the delay in acting on the infectious hypothesis here as a result of the overwhelming majority of Alzheimer's researchers having no experience with virology. What should you do when you discover you have spent your career on something that turns out to have nothing to do with the cause of the disease you have studied? Probably not try to become a virologist. The most nimble must be casting about for other topics in brain microanatomy and gene expression. In ten years we might see a flowering of other results as they turn their attention away from Alzheimer's to topics that had been neglected. Aha: https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2018/09/09/6456291... "Correction: Sept. 13, 2018 The initial version of this article overstated the rate at which neurosurgeons and spouses of Alzheimer's patients develop the dementia. The risk is nearly 2 1/2 times greater for neurosurgeons, not sevenfold, and 1.6 times higher for spouses, not six times greater. On Sept. 18, the article was changed to say that the risk for neurosurgeons was a comparison with the general population, not other causes of death for the doctors." The most attractive thing about cotton as a food crop is that the FDA has approved use of pesticides on it that are not allowed on crops meant for people. They need these because cotton pests are among the worst. That cottonseed oil is permitted in food is among the most egregious loopholes in US food regulation. When you see cottonseed oil in the ingredients you know that the manufacturer has cut cost and quality of every other ingredient to the absolute limit. Cows' tolerance for cottonseed toxin is exaggerated -- recommendations are that cottonseed meal be no more than 10% of their diet. The attraction for ranchers has been that cottonseed meal is practically free, because it is toxic waste. Growing cotton is terrible for the soil, and cotton needs huge amounts of water. Anything that increases acres under cotton cultivation is an evil. The authors of FFTW published a paper about their computational method, an early example of "cache-oblivious" array traversal order. (In this method, uses of elements noodle around in small areas, getting a free locality boost. Typically they use a Hilbert or Peano path.) They refused to cite Todd Veldhuizen, who had done it (with plenty of publicity) a year before. They refused to discuss why, but it is apparent that it was because Veldhuizen had published in Dr. Dobb's Journal of Computer Orthodontia ("Running light without overbyte"). Licensing opens the door for bribery. And, it means simple possession isn't proof of a crime, because there might be a license somewhere. Corruption at its purest. Americans still sort of pretend, but only to cover for the most thorough-going corruption the world has ever seen. Why bother colonizing Mars at all? The place is worse than a dump. Even the moon would be a better choice, this century at least. The cloud tops of Venus are heavenly, by comparison. Even asteroids have more appeal. Antarctica or northern Greenland would be overwhelmingly more pleasant than any of those. Likewise the ocean floor, on any continental shelf. Texas. Not "edging up to" a mass extinction? No kidding, we are 10,000 years into one, and going strong -- if not 45,000 years, or more, judging from the experience of Australian megafauna. We have not made a huge dent in the oceans yet, Steller's Sea Cow notwithstanding -- and it's not -- but give us just a little more time. As its acidity rises, it will get progressively harder for any species to produce a shell. Who knows how many uncatalogged species of copepods will vanish, unnamed? To me the great mystery is how African megafauna continue to survive. Even the elephant has not quite succumbed yet. The Wrangel Island mammoths fell to not more than a few hundred Inuit ancestors, starting barely 4000 years ago, and it was over in no time. When you tunnel your protocol in UDP, and control both ends, you can get overwhelmingly better flow control than TCP, which cannot trust the other end, so must rely on packet drops to get a reliable signal. When you can trust the other end, rate of change of packet transfer time (delta packet delay) reveals congestion exactly -- i.e., increasing time means you had better slow down, decreasing, you can go faster. Only problem is, the receiver has the signal, but the sender needs it, and the useful lifetime is less than the packet delay. So, you need a predictor on the sender, fed by corrections from the receiver. This is control theory applied to network flow. This is how all of Hollywood sends reels around the basin to effects houses, and completed movies to digital projection theaters. This article is very old (in internet years) and Mongo moves very fast. So most of the things in the article are way, way out of date. Very smart people working at Mongo understand where they need to get and how to get there, and they are well along the path. Bad old code is being replaced with better new code, limited mainly by backward compatibility bother. It is still the case (and will remain for a long time -- also internet years) that to get reliable behavior, you need to use non-default options. Queries need a variety of extra flags that say, "please make this write durable", or "please be sure to give me the right answer". And, when you use the flags, they reliably make the DB slower. If you use enough of them to get ACIDy distributed reliability, it's hardly faster than other DBs. So, in another two or three years, it will be an OK choice. In the meantime, PostgreSQL is arguably the better choice. And, of course, PG is not sitting still, so may still be a better choice in two or three years. But most people using MongoDB don't care, because the overwhelming majority of uses of data storage just don't matter very much. When you see the list "people who bought this gewgaw also looked at this lot" on the bottom of a page, chances are that's Mongo telling you, and who cares if it's right? What matters is you didn't have to wait an extra ten seconds for the stupid page to load. Still! Every time you order from Cisco, the order goes through a Mongo store. Since they have been using Mongo for a long time, they either make durability in their application code -- which, dangerous secret, is much easier than doing it in the DB -- or just aren't too arsed about it. (I'm betting it's the latter.) Go long until the (imminent) next stock market crash. Then, sell before it happens. Peter Thiel should be more careful using that expression, considering his record. It is ACID if you add all the query flags to say you want that. The majority of users don't, because it costs performance, which is in many / most? applications more important than correctness. This is an exciting development that I am watching closely. It should be noted that whatever the limits of the 42 system calls, network operations are very well supported. Many useful programs hardly need anything else. Once again, there is no such language as "C/C++". Writing that disqualifies the writer. Failure modes in C are not the same as the failure modes in modern C++. The largest area of overlap is integer overflow. The only C++ failure mode that occurs more frequently than in C is object lifetime mistakes, just because C objects don't really have lifetimes, as such. (Instead, C coders get leaks and use-after-free errors.) When I get a CV that lists "C/C++" as a skill, I know I can discard it without reading any further. As I understand it, the shortened mantissa matters less because these numbers never appear alone. The total number of bits, of all the numbers in the set, provide enough precision to make fine distinctions between states of the network. Even for regular calculations, it is unfortunate that the conventional split reserved only five bits of exponent. A single extra bit there would make it much more useful, and the loss to the mantissa would be an easy tradeoff. The main thing is that the less you care about performance, the more useful they both are. And vice versa. There is no language called C/C++. There is C, and there is C++. The answers are qualitatively different for the two languages, so conflating them, in any context, can only ever produce confusion, noise, and misery. The answer is that C++ is replacing C anywhere C is not dug in too deeply -- mainly OSes conceived long before C++ stabilized, and specialized embedded environments where manufacturers are actively hostile to change. Rust is also replacing C, in the same places, but of course still overwhelmingly more slowly. In a few places, Rust is used where C++ would have been, such as in Mozilla's page rendering, but the difference between Rust's and C++'s expressiveness is not, generally, big enough to overcome structural drivers. Both are so overwhelming better in every conceivable way than C that only inertia maintains any remaining niches for C. It is just so overwhelming better to code Rust or C++ than C, and so much very much C, that there is no need for either Rust or C++ to see the other as competition. In the future, Rust and C++ may come into competition, but today it is more like motorcycles vs tractor-trailers. (Back in the '90s Jonathan Schwartz compared C++ to another language, saying if the other was like a seaplane, C++ was more like a boat anchor with feathers.) C++ still has historical baggage Rust lacks, but that is changing. C++ is getting better very fast, so that Rust is chasing a moving target. This is exactly the phenomenon that gets political extremists elected in moderate districts. Nobody is happy with the outcome (except the extremist) but nobody can see how to prevent it. That is how most things are named. Including Abilene. It is equally unnatural in all languages, therefore the best possible solution. It is worse than many impossible solutions, but they are, you know, impossible. And, people have become used to it, so for younger people it seems perfectly normal; and everybody who hates it either doesn't use computers, or will die soon enough. Since it does not actually hasten their death (or deaths -- a fine point), it is the clear winner. It has to be C because so many embedded-system vendors are pathologically hostile to anything else. Most tolerate C only to try to win ports from other, typically end-of-lifed, targets, and resent it. A few have begun to embrace LLVM, and so don't care about the front-end language -- they still only say they support C, but turn out to not notice if you feed in IR from something else. Then it becomes a question of how badly your code needs the language runtime support code, or how good you are at porting it, because they will not pick up maintaining any of that under any circumstance. GC? Ha. Thousands of special-purpose, minimally-featured, embedded systems. You don't notice them because they are invisible, and they are invisible because they "just work". For high-enough volume products they have a decoder chip or section of a gate array, but most are low-volume and can barely afford the ROM for the code. Emphasis is on the word "possible". Once you rule out all the impossible solutions, the solitary one that remains is definitively the best. Astronomers really hate it when anybody brings up the topic of electromagnetics, but it might be necessary here. It is worse than the title says: a key tool for trapping corrupted process state, null pointer segfault, is turned off in WebAssembly targets. The second most common source of process corruption, integer overflow, usually ignored in native targets because direct memory corruption is so much worse, is also adopted into WebAssembly wholesale. This is all overwhelmingly worse than in the native case, because we make some effort to run only trustworthy native code, but browsers actively solicit unknown code from known-hostile sources--most particularly, web ads. The existence of safe-ish languages doesn't help, because there is no incentive to deploy them in user-hostile code fragments. > "they'd be unable to explain ... GPS, because it requires an understanding of general relativity to work. It requires GR to make it work, but not GR to understand how it works. I.e., GPS would work fine -- in fact, be easier -- in a world without GR. The clocks on board the satellites depend on QM, but the idea of an accurate clock is easy. Same with orbits -- staged rockets came late, but orbital mechanics goes back a long way. Transistors are new, but amplification is old. Lz4 (by the same author, BTW) wins, hands down, on decode time, but doesn't compress as much. That doesn't always matter. Sometimes decode rate is overwhelmingly most important. When lz4 can decode faster than you can feed it, the benefit decreases, unless you can arrange to do something else while waiting. One nice quality of zstd is that you can adaptively adjust the compression ratio according to load -- i.e., input rate, or available CPU. "Despite use of the word "standard" as part of its name, readers are advised that this document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is being published for informational purposes only." So, there's an RFC, but it is not standardized, per se. But close enough, for many uses. It doesn't seem to say anywhere what drives the HDMI output, just "2D". Is that just for connection to a PCI card? Or is there some rudimentary VESA frame-buffer chip on it, just to watch it boot? The actual content is supremely uninteresting, even ignoring its obsolescence. (And SCO never owned any Unix source code.) But what a tour-de-force of passive aggression! I kneel. I teach kids to ride in 30 seconds, routinely. Just don't lie to them -- kids spend all the learning time discovering that the right way is opposite to what they were told. How do I teach? I tell them to balance with the handlebars, and steer by leaning. It always works, and fast! Try it, it's fun. So the answer to the title question is just that riding is very, very easy. In a word, no. Until they start getting lawsuits over contempt for sleep, nothing will improve. Lisp appears to be the whole point of the effort, so Lisp problems are just to be endured and, they hope, overcome. Not having a flagship modern application has kept Lisp on the margins. Emacs no longer suffices to maintain the language's edge, not least because Emacs Lisp is not a modern dialect. It remains to be seen what improvements to the language or its ecosystem will be needed to support this development, but there is no substitute for trying. The amount of acceleration reported for this object, attributed to light pressure if its mass is minuscule enough, or wholly unaccountable otherwise, should make everyone doubt what they think they know. It makes me wonder whether we must begin to consider plasma interactions with the object's electrical and/or magnetic field. I have long wondered about systolic arrays. It used to be hard to find out much about them because they were almost always military. I generally get substantially better results from engineers than from CS graduates. If you are serious about programming as a profession, study engineering. The job has changed enormously over decades, but engineers train for adaptability. He should have said about the thesaurus: it's only for reminders -- don't use a word from it you would not have used; your readers probably won't know it either. And, "Elements of Style" is a manual on how to lose confidence in your writing. Read Geoff Pullum's essay on what he calls "the nasty book": "The land of the free and The Elements of Style", http://ling.ed.ac.uk/~gpullum/LandOfTheFree.pdf By objective measures, the US is by far the most corrupt nation in the world. China aspires to the title, and may get it, and Russia dreams of it, but just doesn't have the volume to match us.. We don't like to think so, but consider: did anybody get charged with fraud over the crash of 2008? Why not? We have laws on the books making what everyone did a writhing, toxic mass of felonies. It is clear that you were not paying attention to what you were reading. Pullum compared Strunk's edition to White's rewrites, and demonstrated White's disgraceful changes to his teacher's better writing. However bad the quality of the experiments, the truth is probably worse than they suggest -- in some cases. It is also true that violent crime is on a long-term decline, and there are people everywhere looking for a way to make things better. Provide such a way and people will flock to it. If you don't know about the fraud, it can only be that you have not been paying attention. Fabricated signatures on thousands upon thousands of mortgage documents is hard to get confused about. Goldman Sachs paying multibillion-dollar fines for deliberate misrepresentation, without anybody there charged personally with a crime, is easy to find in the public record. A Goldman Sachs corporate officer becoming Obama's Secretary of the Treasury in the middle of it all, likewise. I find it curious that if you add up the very first column of figures in the article -- cost in current dollars -- you find that it comes to way over 40 billion dollars, not 30. Points taken about industrial might, and Germany's increasing industrial output throughout the war, despite all the (apparently ineffectual) bombing, though. Maybe leave off the sums? I like the last comment, that says the pic is not of the people named, and that one of the professors named is not a professor. Who are those guys, then? Imperative is certainly correct. However, the examples fail by emphasizing what was changed, rather than why it was changed. Sometimes those are the same, and that's ok. But when they're not, why is overwhelmingly more important. What can be seen from looking at the diff. These days, why is most usefully a PR number, and your workflow automation turns it into a URL you can click. I.e., why did you make a change not motivated by a PR? This was, hands-down, the single best article I have ever read about Lisp, after three decades of reading all kinds of stuff. It so far outclasses anything Paul Graham ever wrote on the subject that he (Paul) would best never mention Lisp ever again. If only it were not ("just") a reply to a shitpost, I would print it out (yes, some of us old-timers still do that) and hang it on the wall, so I can point to it when somebody mentions Lisp and say "read that first -- if you disagree, then take it up with him, and don't mention Lisp to me ever again". My Hat Is Off To You, sir. Yes, power can have objective meaning. You still can't order languages along an axis, but powerful features make a powerful language, and features that compose well are more than additively powerful. Overwhelmingly, the most important criterion for the power of a feature is the degree to which it enables wrapping important semantics in a library, without creating overhead that makes you worry about whether you can afford it. It's better when the user doesn't need to understand the feature to use the library, although some enable better library interfaces; some of those, used in the interface, still don't demand the user know why. That's power. Libraries are more powerful, and make their host language more powerful, when they (1) can themselves be composed, with one another, and with powerful language features, and (2) exist. This is why the libraries you want to use always seem to be in some other language. There is lots here about how far short this falls, vs. a real launch. I don't think anybody has mentioned that the rocket is basically full of powdered rubber and Oxy detergent. You would not be impressed by the odor when you get out. That, and the amount of pollution it dumps into the upper atmosphere is embarrassing. Not so bad, that way, as the old space shuttle with its strap-on boosters, though. Hydrogen-fueled rockets are the only non-embarrassing way to reach Earth orbit. (H2O2 is OK, but no one uses it for that.) What a shame it was that Gosling didn't understand C++ well enough even to crib from it. I am astonished, again, whenever I am reminded of what he tried to copy and got horribly wrong, and what else he copied and should have known better than to. None of it would matter if Sun had not dumped a billion dollars into hyping it, so that later generations are now saddled with billions of lines of it. What a cruel joke to play on posterity, a fitting companion to x86 ISA and BSD sockets. Recent Nepalese history is very interesting. Someone machine-gunned the entire royal family except the one guy. He claimed it was one of the dead, who had skipped killing him, and shot himself instead. Everyone reported this as-is, without comment, ever since. I have never seen a hint in print, since, that the new king had shot them all, although everyone must have been thinking it. All I can conclude is that no one knew when he might need to go to Nepal, so could not risk writing anything that might turn out to endanger himself. Intelligence is not the most important quality. Indulging Gates's appetite for monopoly has set back progress in computation by, literally, decades. Every application program coded for MS-DoS and, later, MS Windows, took several times the time and attention as if it had been developed for well-designed platforms of each era. Imagine what we could have had, had not the best of each generation beat their brains out on Microsoft's wall, just to get the most basic features to work just well enough to ship. Imagine where we would be without a whole generation in thrall to Java, which took off solely because it was the only hope of ever getting off the Microsoft treadmill. We have had progress this past decade because of the shift to actually-competing iOS and Android ecosystems, and multiple server-side platforms. We could have had it twenty years earlier, were laws on the books governing monopolies enforced as written. Me, I will not miss him, or them. What was he on there for, anyway? Or them? Isn't that for supporting artists? The important distinction, then, is obligate garbage collection. Can I write a substantial program that does, and needs, no garbage collection of any kind? In C++ and Rust, yes, trivially, every day. The distinction matters because without obligate GC, you get the benefit of destructors (or in Rust, the Drop trait), and have the tool for resource management of every kind, usually written "}". Reference counting GC is rarely used in well-designed C++ and Rust programs, simply because there is rarely any need for it. Reliance on shared_ptr or ARC is recognized as a disease of forced Java converts. The term for languages like Swift, Java, and Haskell is "obligate GC". The cost of obligate GC is only superficially just the poor memory locality, interruptions, and bad citizenship -- worse is that the power of destructors is denied you, and with it the power to automate managing every other kind of resource. I.e. Swift is an apple thing, go is a google thing... and c# is a microsoft thing, and java is an oracle thing. I am happy to have never been obliged to use any of them, and I expect my odds of needing to use any of them in the future are strictly decreasing. Rust might not really be a mozilla thing anymore. But is it entirely a coincidence that Firefox had become a lot crashier since they started shoehorning rust code into it? No, it means "spitting sparks". Like you see coming out of the control panels in the original Star Trek, when they got shot by Klingons. I guess they remrnbered about circuit breakers when they built the later Enterprisen. Hi Gumby -- K. was just asking how your new project has gone. Reading the post, I thought, "hey, that sounds like Gumby", and then looked at the byline. I am running C++ on an Arduino now, and prepping to teach my son to run it on a Blyst Nano. He wants to make his own smart watch. He will end up doing a lot of very educational yak-shaving on the way. Hope to see you again sometime soon. N It was Jonathan Shopiro (author or iostreams) who interrupted a comparison equating Language X with a seaplane, interjecting that by such a standard, C++ would be a boat anchor with feathers. It remains the funniest thing I have ever heard said about C++. It completely derailed what had been becoming a tedious conversation. I don't recall what Language X was. Sigh. Yet another sans-serif font family. Yes, they are easier to design, and easier to parameterize, which is nice for you, the designer. But they are not nice for me, the reader. Using a sans font says to me that your comfort is more important than mine, and that your time is worth more than mine and everyone else's, combined. In Firefox, I have disabled web fonts, and use Libertine everywhere. That choice is denied to me in Firefox on my phone. Funny, I started out impressed to find, unlike in so many announcements of its kind, a prominent "What is Scratch 3.0?" heading, I guessed for those of us who have not been tracking Scratch from its inception. What I found there was, basically, "This is version 3 of Scratch", i.e. completely uninformative to anyone wondering what in blinkered hell Scratch is, who it's for, what it's for, or why I should care that there are now three of it. "Scratch" is a traditional epithet of Satan. So, guessing a Satan animation for kids? I guess they will have a chance to do better if they last to 4.0. Poor visibility is an ironic consequence of automakers responding to women's increasing role in vehicle purchase decisions. Automakers insist that women choose cars with poor visibility because they thereby feel less "exposed" to people in other cars. Is it true? It's true that automakers think so. They compete to make cars with bad visibility. It will probably take a lot of lawsuits to turn the trend around. We might not get there before driving your car is outlawed, obviating the whole problem. I used to re-read this every couple of months, until I had memorized it. Despite its age, almost everything in it remains relevant and fresh. For my part, I am blacklisting Chromium and NVidia. I can't say what would be a more reasonable explanation. I am reduced to relying on what the automakers actually say is their reason. They could be lying, I suppose. I don't know why they would, but that doesn't mean they're not (after all their lips are moving), but I like to have some evidence. It is unfortunate that Dyson neglects the role of Oliver Heaviside, again. This is in a long tradition of English neglect, ultimately traceable to Heaviside's status as a commoner. Heaviside invented the mathematical tools we still use to understand and teach Maxwell, and most of the important consequences of the theory, but Pupin, Hertz, Marconi, and deForest used his methods and took got the credit. Today Heaviside's method is taught as Laplace transforms, with Heaviside's name scrubbed off. We only hear of him as an alternative name for the step function, the integral of the Dirac impulse function, and of the "Heaviside layer", the ionosphere that makes transcontinental radio actually possible, but we would have waited decades longer without him. An excellent reference for the importance of Heaviside in the ultimate success of application if Maxwell's theory is Paul J. Nahin, "Oliver Heaviside: The Life, Work, and Times of an Electrical Genius of the Victorian Age", https://www.amazon.com/Oliver-Heaviside-Electrical-Genius-Vi... [retracted] The modern form of the equations was worked out by commoners, so had to be filtered through the work of others before it could be taught. It was deForest, particularly, who pretended to originality. I should have written "got". I'm not, but they were. But it was not discussed openly in print at the time, and so must be inferred. We should not neglect Josiah Willard Gibbs's notational contribution, either. We otherwise hear of Gibbs mainly when we mention Gibbs free energy. What a waste that they did the work with an obligate-GC language and runtime. Without, it would be directly useful in making a verified OS and verified embedded systems. But Academia demands GC in any linguistic system, and systematically ignores all results that avoid it. How much good do you get from proving an application program correct when it runs on an unreliable OS? I quite like the MLs, but would like to see a non-GC one. Dumb question: how do you couple to a beam of neutral particles? It turns out to be remarkably easy to make a good pizza, as long as you let the water soak into the flour for at least 40 minutes before you start to work it. If you don't, nothing else you do can save it. In a pinch (in Waipio Valley, Hawaii) I made 30 little pizzas of Pillsbury flour (scooping runny dough, almost batter, from a bowl), cheddar cheese, and Wesson oil on parchment on a stone perched atop a big, inverted soup pot under a broiler. It came out great! I wouldn't do it that way again, but most details matter less than you would expect. "Pull request". If you expect to get ahead programming you are going to need to know about this. I wonder if these correlate precisely to correspondingly differing incidence of herpes infection. This is the best thing I have read this year. I expect I will still be able to say that next month. I don't understand why they don't all rotate at very nearly the speed of light. Isn't all matter that crosses the event horizon going that fast, by definition? I understand that matter does not necessarily enter at very close to a tangential angle, and only the tangential component would contribute to rotation, but it seems like most of it must, in practice. Clue? Inconsolata is my go-to code font, hands down. Libertine for text, Biolinum for labels. It would evidently be useful to have a keyboard-event daemon for Linux, independent of X or Wayland. It would run with root privilege, and enforce access rights, allowing user-level code access to events they deserve to see. Gods. I just wish they would say "minimum" when they mean minimum. In real high-dimensional spaces, like life, exploring away from local minima and plateaus ("plateaux"?) is expensive. Figuring in the expense of exploration distorts the reward function intriguingly. "Success" seems to mean reducing the decline of the water table from 21 inches/year to 17 in isolated places, with the rest still pumping madly away. If we needed another example of Late-Stage Capitalist Failure, we needn't look far. Fittingly, conflict between Nebraska and Kansas is over water from the Republican River basin. This guy will need to have a chat with a plasma physicist, one of these days, if he wants to get to the bottom of this. When he does, he will then need to keep it to himself, because there's no quicker route to ostracism, in astronomy, than to start talking about electromagnetics. Whipping it around a nearby unoccupied star would be an easy way to obscure its origins. Just their bad luck that Sol turned out to be occupied, by a primitive civilization that might be able to act on knowledge of its origin vector in a few centuries or millennia. It looks slow to us, but it might be that whatever method it uses to skip big distances doesn't steer, so the only way to get pointed somewhere else is a close approach. And, of course, the method doesn't work in a gravity well, so it has to coast until it's a few hundred AU out. Will enough records be preserved through the coming dark ages (after the ecosystem collapses) for the raccoons or macaques or whatever inherits the earth to act on them? Exponentially increasing output followed by utter collapse is the characteristic pattern. Of course it is not limited to modern capitalism. Lots of civilizations have collapsed -- just rarely so spectacularly, and never so global, as we have coming. 98% of forest-floor insects in the Puerto Rico jungles vanished. Amazing! 75% of the Great Barrier Reef bleached. But these are just the first cracks in the dam. But the rest can't tell a plural from a possessive! Yet Another sans-serif face, with dubious claims for legibility, as usual only vs. other sans-serif faces. When will they learn? When will we? I looked closely, again, and see that it remains yet another sans font, of no greater interest than any of the last hundred. Indeed, and none as legible as a serviceable serif font. Legibility was a solved problem literally centuries ago. Source Code Pro was a step down from Inconsolata that preceded it. It's not hard to see why people want to make more infinitesimally-different fonts with their own name and a funny ampersand or (in this case) parentheses. What is never explained is why anybody else should care. That where legibility matters, a sans font is the wrong place to start, or stop. Sans faces appeal to graphic designers for graphic-design reasons that have no connection to merit as a means to convey useful information clearly and quickly. Graphic designers prefer details that make text less legible for the actual people obliged to read it, who get no say in what is used. As I noted, Inconsolata existed before they began work on SCP. It is an objective improvement on Consolas, and thus worthy of attention and change. Normally, when putting in the effort to make something new, one tries to make it better than what came before, on some axis. Introducing a new thing less good than what came before is a waste of our time and a distraction from the better things. I don't doubt that designing SCP or B612 was educational for its designers, but that is not a good enough reason to adopt it, or even to study whether to adopt it. The new thing should be better. Why is that hard to process? If you're old, stay away from Japan! It's dangerous. This isn't the first time. :-) "C with classes" was never any sort of "source code preprocessor", except in the sense that every compiler is. From day 1 it was a full compiler that happened to generate C at the back end. At the time this was novel, and was easier for people to understand as if it were a preprocessor like RATFOR. Nowadays, generating C is an extremely familiar approach to bootstrapping a new language, and nobody pretends your compiler is "just a preprocessor". (Also, nowadays, you might better generate LLVM. But that option is new.) So, saying "C with Classes was a preprocessor" amounts to simple slander. If your goal is to be able to step it in the debugger and follow what is going on, then it is definitely still a debug build. If you want sanitization instead of stepping through the debugger, use that. The people who are best at debugging avoid debuggers entirely, and use logging statements inserted in release-built code, and little proofs. It is hard to persuade people who don't think that way, but it is the only route to mastery. In fact, aside from its weird glyph choices for some code points, SCR is very much like Consolas or Inconsolata of one point size up, but with a scan line removed -- e.g., SCP 9 is pixel-for-pixel a squashed Consolas 10, with trivial alterations. So it might be said to be "Consolas Squat with some weird glyphs". I am happy you posted early when things are still fluid. A fast scripting language that is not a PITA, and not tied to a proprietary ecosystem, could carve out a place. But please ensure that something like destructors remain possible and uncrippled. There are so many more kinds of resources to manage than memory, and we are beginning to accumulate many kinds of memory, too. When you have a solution for general resource management, memory management itself becomes a trivium, or gets locally tunable. Now we have two promising candidates for the cause of Alzheimer's -- gingivalis, and herpes-family viruses. That doesn't mean one is right and the other wrong. Maybe herpes gets in first and lets gingivalis in, or vice versa, or some other, more interesting interaction. What's tragic is that effectively none of the present researchers are virologists or bacteriologists. As consequences, (1) progress studying and generating a useful clinical response will be radically slowed by resistance from the old guard to the threat to their livelihood, and (2) they will all need to find something else to do, because you can't pick up those specializations overnight. The herpes connection was noted twenty years ago, but is only now getting traction. If it's right, then almost everybody who died of AS since then was killed by the structural resistance to the idea. The best way to accelerate progress, now, would be to find another urgent health problem that seems to need the skillset that had previously been brought to bear on AS, so they jump ship and get the hell out of the way. I found this essay like a lot of other essays comparing languages. The comparisons were broader. The author studiously avoided any mention of C++, or how it differs from C and other languages. (Or is C++ supposed to have the same answers as C? If so, FAIL.) Almost all the attention went to superficial details that really don't make much difference. Your fingers and your eyes learn the gestures and signposts, and they fade into the background. (But modules and namespaces matter.) What is left is whether you can express what you need to, at all. Whether, having expressed it, you can pack it up into a library that anybody can use without knowing all about how it was put there. Whether, finding a library, you can actually use it in your runtime environment without it costing more overhead than if you wrote your own, or demanding runtime concessions different from what you have committed to for your code or for other libraries you want to use. Obligate GC is death for interoperability. The only languages that excel, there, are C++, Rust, and D. (I include Rust because it is well on its way, and will get there before long if its users can wean themselves off of ARC boxing.) None of the other languages are really even trying. It's tragic. Haskell and the MLs could be good at libraries, were it not for their obligate-GC problem. The other languages with big library ecosystems are slow, so overhead isn't noticed. There has been more than enough time to come up with something to unseat C++. Part of the problem is that the main incubator for new languages has been academia, and academics won't even discuss a language that is not obligate-GC. We need a language that will be equally good at copying register values to and from ALUs and memory buses, driving vector pipelines, orchestrating legions of GPU cores, and wiring up FPGA subunits. (I have not seen an FPGA compatible with GC.) If we end up programming our FPGAs in C++, it will be the fault of everyone who failed to unseat it by making a better language than it. Ask them? Biochemistry. Genetics. Proteinomics. Maybe they can design drugs? They have the disadvantage that everybody will know they have been staring the solution to their central problem in the face for decades without seeing it. ("What, infection? Too conventional.") Nothing blocks them from trying it, except (1) grants are controlled by existing researchers and (2) publication is controlled by existing researchers. Progress will happen eventually, but many, many people will die first. Now we have two promising candidates for the cause of Alzheimer's -- gingivalis, and herpes-family viruses. That doesn't mean one is right and the other wrong. Maybe herpes gets in first and lets gingivalis in, or vice versa, or some other, more interesting interaction. What's tragic is that effectively none of the present researchers are virologists or bacteriologists. As consequences, (1) progress studying and generating a useful clinical response will be radically slowed by resistance from the old guard to the threat to their livelihood, and (2) they will all need to find something else to do, because you can't pick up those specializations overnight. The herpes connection was noted twenty years ago, but is only now getting traction. If it's right, then almost everybody who died of AS since then was killed by the structural resistance to the idea. The best way to accelerate progress, now, would be to find another urgent health problem that seems to need the skillset that had previously been brought to bear on AS, so they jump ship and get the hell out of the way. Seems to me like they are hurtling, not hurling. But whatever it is, more power to them. It is amazing what corporations have got away with since they got the Feds to stop enforcing the anti-trust legislation still on the books. Apparently there is this dodgy economic theory that says as long as prices don't seem to be soaring, monopoly power is harmless, even where it is demonstrably suppressing alternative products, some of which would be markedly better. And, even where prices soar, people might be better off for it, somehow. Or, the monopoly might not actually last forever if they get complacent enough. And so on. In light of Apple's numerous and sustained demonstrations of their contempt for their customers, I can only attribute peoples' continued willingness to engage with Apple to Stockholm Syndrome. I see that you have not been following recent events. For some time now, broadcasting has been the only way to get any response from behemoth companies, and often not then. Google and Facebook have the excuse that you are not their customer, and your problems don't affect their paying customers. Apple, not so much. I'm hoping it will be less crashy than the last three or four releases. But they don't say so in the announcement... Does anybody know whether we get to blame Servo for the crashiness? Rust code is supposed to be "safe", but that never really pans out in industrial use; maturity is a better predictor of stability. Not widely known is that it was Sally Ride who clued in Feynman ['s wingman], secretly. If it had got out, she would never have flown again. Also not widely known was that she was gay. She had to conceal that, too, from NASA. She died young of pancreatic cancer. I ordered one a couple of months ago. I am hoping it turns out usable. Anything beyond that is gravy. I am a bit disappointed to find them programming it in C "in this day and age". I would rather find C++ code, which leaves less room for dumb bugs, and is quicker to write and refine. But C++ code written by C programmers would be no better than C, and in the end you go with who you have. It is a deep indictment of NASA that any of that skulduggery was necessary. I don't doubt that it was. My guess at the reason is that allowing people to talk about things that were true would have led to the whole program being canceled. The program was such a disaster, by every conceivable reckoning; using the money wasted on that white elephant, we could have had, thirty years ago, what Elon Musk is just finally getting around to, and (as a bonus!) without Elon. When the engineers are saying no, and the administrators are saying yes, you don't need to know much more. When you have to resurrect 1990s falsehoods to make a point, you have no point. There are good C++ wrappers to make GTK tolerable to use, although they cannot make it less buggy. Yet, somehow, programs in C++17 are nicer than in 14, or '11, or '03, or '98, and using it gets more fun each round. It is hard to delete old cruft, although some of that is happening. But nobody needs to use the old stuff. Does nobody remember the Lockheed aircraft that ran off the end of the runway because both the brakes and lift spoilers refused to deploy? It was another case of misguided safety interlock. IIRC, they landed 20 knots fast because of storm conditions; the brakes wouldn't go with too little weight sensed, and the lift spoilers wouldn't go above a certain speed. Catch-22! There are some pretty good answers to this question posted, but the simple one is that there is, really, no such thing as a lock-free anything. When people say "lock-free", they mean they rely on basic hardware primitives that end up doing pretty much what you would do with locks in your code, but you can't see it. Generally, the hardware can do it faster, but rarely as much faster as people think, or want. In particular, you will still have stalls -- 30 cycles, 100 cycles, sometimes longer, whenever anything clashes, "lock-free" or no. Everything you do to cut contention at your level will pay just as it would if you were using regular locking. If you can cut your contention enough, lock-free ends up little faster (although it can still reduce latency spikes). If the lock-free stuff is buried in a library well-maintained by somebody else who is terrifyingly competent, then use it. But it is very, very unlikely that maintaining your own will be worthwhile; the most likely outcome is extremely subtle bugs. And who cares how fast buggy code is? There are much easier ways to make wrong code fast. "Again"? That seems to pre-suppose a counterfactual. Counterfactuals can be cool, but you have to explore them, not pre-suppose them. Pre-supposing them is definitely not cool, which calls into question the ability of our interlocutor to recognize what is and (more pointedly) what is not. If he wants to make any progress understanding Oumuamua, he will need to talk to a plasma physicist. Then he will need to stop talking about it, because there is no more reliable way to get ostracized in astronomy than to start talking about that. No GC means you can have destructors, and they can manage resources other than memory, too. This isn't the half of it! Optimizers consider code that zeroes a dying object to be dead code. (This is also a problem in C++ destructors.) It can be arbitrarily difficult to keep such code from being elided in various passes. Even inline asm instructions can be removed by a peephole pass. Then, the CPU might decide not to flush all those zeroes from its writeback cache until some random time later when it needs that bit of cache for something else. This is all wonderful for performance, usually, but it means you it takes a lot of dog-work to disable it. If you have not verified that memory actually has zeroes in it, as seen by another core or DMA engine, it doesn't. This is an overoptimistic view. Yes, people are trying to create ways to zero things reliably, but all the machinery meant to improve performance is doing its level best to undermine that. It has to be solved at all levels; each level gets a chance to sabotage it, and will. Very, very far from good enough. I.e., the first step down a long and lonely road. Crypto Implementation Is Hard. Especially when you need it to be secret. It is lots easier if you don't care. The unpleasant answer is that both might do no good at all, by themselves. It's not all bad news. "Transactional Memory" seems to have flopped for lock-free synchronization, but it is a nice way to keep writes from ever going out to RAM or beyond. It reserves a bit of cache for temporary storage, and automatically wipes it if anything happens, like an interrupt -- even on a guest OS. That is better than zeroing, and the toolchain won't fight you. But it might not be available everywhere you want it. Also, it wasn't designed for crypto, so there are probably vulnerabilities to the host OS. It was an interesting read until his admiration for Bill Gates soured it. Besides milking the world of untold billions in unearned profits by illegally enforcing a monopoly on OSes, Gates personally held back progress in development of computer software by easily fifteen years. (Youngsters who never suffered Windows 9x might not know that Microsoft singlehandedly changed the meaning of "crashed" from "I need to restart my program" to "I need to re-install my OS".) It was only the explosion of smart phones that knocked his jackboot off the world's throat. Now he is putting drips and drabs into philanthropy to try to salvage his reputation. Inspired by Bill Gates? No thanks. Blackmail is the motivator behind practically all surveillance. It's the essence of spycraft and much of what we call law enforcement. Most of it, as here, doesn't directly involve money, but coercion. Getting something on a judge's son, prosecutor's father, or administrator's husband is as useful as on the target. Was that decision or contract awarded by merit, or coerced? We can rarely know. This is not academic. Why did Obama ratchet up the war on whistleblowers in the CIA/NSA/DIA, charging them with espionage? We can only speculate. The ones with self respect decline. Cf. "Who will rid me of this troublesome priest?" > I think the problem can only be solved at the compiler/OS level. There's the problem. That is a lot of levels. There is support at certain levels; nowadays you can force writebacks from certain cache lines, and OSes let you keep pages from being swapped. The problem is that it needs coordinated support at all levels, but there is no money behind it, unlike features that may improve performance, and hardly anybody knows there is even a problem. Spectre and Meltdown have raised awareness of security threats in infrastructure, but are so big they also absorb all the budget for it, and will continue indefinitely. It means you have to start over if it gets cleared. That adds latency spikes to processes that use it, which have to be planned for. Everything around security is hard. It gets easier if you don't care whether it really is secure, which is common. Amazingly (anyway I was amazed), Islamic mathematicians thoroughly explored non-periodic tilings a thousand years ago. Our only records of this are the tilings on the walls of mosques, and the design books for the tiles. (There might be records in archives, written in Arabic.) These were studied in depth by Peter J. Lu in 2007. http://www.peterlu.org/content/decagonal-and-quasicrystallin... Hi Charlie! It's getting increasing difficult for fiction to stay ahead of reality. I would welcome your conjectures on how the spooks controlled Obama. His enduring legacy may be heavy use of the Espionage Act to prosecute whistleblowers, and a radical expansion of "death from the sky", which seem incompatible with his personality, creating a mystery: What leverage did/do the spooks have on him? In "The Master and His Emissary", a (usually described as deeply flawed but fascinating) book by Iain McGilchrist about brain organization, the author had an alternative interpretation to address the essential timing problem of JJ's notion, where events around the Iliad are several thousand years too late for the process he describes. The fascination with JJ's idea is not about his theory, it is about the problem he tried to solve, and that we still have not solved. He offered one idea, and supported it as well as he could with what he had, but discarding his idea takes you no closer to a solution. Note that the events of the Iliad are around the beginning of the Iron Age, near the time of what historians call The Catastrophe, of c. 1190 BC when all the coastal cities around the Mediterranean (except in Egypt) were sacked, and written records dry up for four centuries. The Iliad was written down sometime after the end of this period, coincidentally around the time coins were first minted. Civilization had already existed for 2000+ years, and had money all along, just no actual currency. The Great Pyramids were already ancient, but still much more impressive-looking than today, because their white facing had not yet been stripped off to build mosques of. But I Digress. One word: passphrases. People find it very hard to remember a short password with crap stirred in, or an eleven-character random string. Remembering three or four random words is easy, and actually hard to crack. Six words is spy-grade (if actual spies were any smarter than a toddler). $ shuf -n 4 /usr/share/dict/words Stripping off plurals and tenses costs a bit or two of entropy each, but makes them much easier to remember. If you worry about security, it's much better to add a word than to make fewer words harder to recall or type. Alexis Gilliland wrote some really excellent fiction around the counter-rotating cylinders design. "The Revolution from Rosinante", "Long Shot for Rosinante", and "The Pirates of Rosinante", published by Del Rey in '81 and '82. They are still as fresh today as when he wrote them. He got the Campbell award in '82, and the Hugo in 1980, 1983, 1984 and 1985 for fan art. His Mitusbishi Dragon-Scale Mirror design cannot be ignored. http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/ea.cgi?Alexis_A._Gilliland "You just keep telling yourself that..." I'll be over here. The greater expressiveness of C++ means that optimization effort can be, and routinely is, captured in libraries where it benefits every user. Because optimization effort is amortized over all users, more attention can be devoted to it -- and, again, routinely is. Powerful libraries that can eke out machine potentialities without compromise and deliver them to many users, to compose with other powerful libraries, make a language fast and quick to code in. C++ isn't the only language good for capturing optimization in libraries. Rust is good and getting better fast. I don't know about others. D, probably. The MLs and Haskell could be good in this way if they were not saddled with obligate GC. In Wales, they'd say "Don't Tit About with Login Forms". Seems like a thing to print on T-shirts and hand out at trade shows. The running joke in all articles of this kind is that there is, in fact, no gas anywhere in the universe that is "warm", never mind "hot", by their measure. It is all plasma at such energies -- the particles are ions, which interact with one another not by elastic collisions, but by long-range ensemble electromagnetics, involving current flow. Furthermore, they interact with very long (up to multi-light-year) range magnetic fields, both affected by and creating them. This matters because the dynamics of plasma flow are punishingly complicated, and the mathematics describing it is intractable. It is complicated in large part because the positive charge carriers are thousands of times more massive than the common negative charges; the electrons respond nimbly to fields, while the nuclei go the other way, eventually, absorbing huge energies, released when charges reunite. The nuclei also collide with any neutral species, frequently ionizing them, slowed by them, but dragging them along. So, there are few better ways to get oneself ostracized, among astronomers, than to so much as mention "plasma". Every single thing in the sky must be explained entirely with gravitation, which is better-behaved, mathematically, or shock waves, likewise. But you only need look once at the Crab Nebula never to be able to un-see the turbulent flow that would be impossible in a gas at that pressure. The rule is that a heavy body can have a magnetic field, but it doesn't do much of anything -- certainly not affect the motion of quadrillions of tons of nearby plasma, never mind be affected by them. This is the extremely popular "God did it" hypothesis, most frequently employed nowadays to solve white-collar crimes. My apologies, sarcasm can be confusing. But recall, there is no gas. Plasma doesn't work like gas. In particular, you don't need heat to accelerate ions to relativistic speeds, and plasma doesn't need to be hot to radiate x-rays. It just needs to be, y'know. Accelerated. There is an active industry devoted to providing charity vehicles to help launder bad reputations of extremely wealthy people. Simple application of Goodhart's law. The comments on the article page (not here) show that the commenters are not reading the article carefully. This is a scrupulously written article with deeply meaningful conclusions. Rust is an immature language -- a stage every language goes through! -- and you can tell. What no one knows, yet, is whether its designers have painted themselves into a corner that prevents fixing it. The compiler, too, is immature, and will certainly get better at localizing the causes of problems, but that is a research project. C++ is legitimately criticized for complexity that comes from its complicated history. It inherited all of C's warts, and more from early experiments that didn't pan out. You can mostly avoid most of them, but promiscuous integer conversion and overflow always lurk, and you never know when you will encounter old-school code that revives the old monsters. Rust claims benefits from not inheriting legacy hacks (except C linking conventions, which affect function call details), but is rapidly growing its own legacy of past design choices that constrain future choices. The only limits on this problem are foresight and mathematical rigor of design formalisms, and both are limited. It might be that Rust programmers will need to learn to rely less on type inference, and state types "unnecessarily", just to get understandable error messages. Improvements in the compiler might include its identifying choke points where such a type annotation would help. Modern C++ coding gives much the same experience of spending extra time satisfying the compiler, then the program mostly works when you do; but the error messages don't take hours to figure out. Usually, the most obscure complaints come out as mismatches between long function-and-template argument lists, where you have to pick out the one word that doesn't match, but these take minutes, not hours, and could be automated without a research project. Much of that will disappear (not all!), with Concepts in C++20. The difference between the C and C++/Rust experiences is very much like the difference with interpreted languages -- you depend a great deal more on exhaustive testing when the compiler does less. It would help if tutorials would advise you not to lean more heavily than you must on type inference. They have a second goal of selling you on the language, and inference is an attractive feature, in simple programs. You often can't avoid relying on type inference in clever libraries, where the author can't necessarily spell the annotation. It is on the library author to keep that from leaking out to users. Bugs in Rust and modern C++ are fewer and bigger, because they more often result from misunderstanding the problem or library preconditions than expressing the solution. There are plenty of such bugs, but you have those in C, too, on top of the others. Can you explain how any of the above connects to anything else? If the markdown text will be reformatted for display, you get no benefit from writing it in a wider format than allows more than one source document to be on the display at once. You seem to be saying that when writing markdown you have no need to refer to anything else? Anything that makes code review harder or less comfortable is deeply destructive to code quality. It is entirely hard enough to get people to do meaningful review without kneecapping them by obliging them to side-scroll just to see what changed. Cold dead hands won't be writing any more unreviewable code. Previously I have been put off by the greater expense of specialty solutions, vs mass market products: generally, because despite the higher prices, the gains were illusory. A bit of tweaking gave the same (limited!) degree of security on stock hardware. Purism is unique in their defense-in-depth approach. They earn every penny of the higher price, and the price is remarkably little higher. I ordered a Librem 5 phone last year, for more than I had ever paid for a phone, and don't mind waiting while they get it right. The spook agencies should be their biggest customers -- alongside every legislative staff office and flagship-newspaper office. Who decides whether anybody is allowed to be a CA? Do they have your interests at heart? ... Hurries to delete QuoVadis and Chinese gov authorities from my Firefox trusted lists. Seems like I did this a few years back, on a previous system. Yes, they should be troubled by whether they should even bother to explain why they have rejected it, and removed the QuoVadis authorities. Agonizing over whether to let them in suggests they have let in other questionable entities. "Fairness" is a smokescreen. Nobody honest needs a certificate from a dodgy authority, and nobody with a certificate from a dodgy authority deserves benefit of doubt. Rules reduce expense, leaving resources to deal with exceptional cases. Applying rules to exceptional cases makes a mockery of both the rules and the organization applying them. The facts of the case say, all by themselves. It requires attention by the people applying the rules to recognize the facts, but paying attention is the reason to have people in the loop. Any machine can be corrupted. No statement can overestimate how critical this vulnerability is. Taking your laptop or phone away for ten minutes allows somebody with a malicious USB-C device to read out everything without rebooting or leaving any mark that anything had been done, bypassing filesystem encryption and passwords. It is getting increasingly easy to buy off-the shelf FPGA boards that plug into exposed computer ports. Fomu is particularly unobtrusive. I have been warned against turning on IOMMU because the code to operate it is so little exercised, and therefore buggy. A crashed kernel is secure only in that it stops running. Closed governments can more easily manufacture consent than open ones. In open societies, it costs a lot more, but the victims gladly pay for it. But manufactured is manufactured, either way. It is not often that you can find textbook examples of pure evil. As Hannah Arendt noted, they invariably turn out to be, also, banal and trivial. There is no sweeping vision at work, just a desire for money, and to stay on the winning side, with no interest in the consequences. It is actually quite unusual to find people with both high intelligence and absolutely no desire to leave a better world for their children, but money always does. This could be a big deal for enabling wind energy extraction far from electric power distribution networks. Access to these networks can be prohibitively expensive to construct, and transmission losses make outlying generators uncompetitive. Farms have direct uses for locally produced ammonia, both as fertilizer and as fuel, and plenty of room for wind turbines. Any excess production has a ready market in nearby farms. The excess oxygen produced would be useful dissolved into water to make concentrated hydrogen peroxide, also useful. The Fountainhead is written to appeal to adolescent fantasies. It has worked very well for that purpose. Adolescents adore it for making them feel superior to everybody actually doing anything. Most people lose their adoration when they find that actually doing things is hard and takes actual, you know, work. Some don't, because they have discovered that not doing anything does not keep one from fantasizing about having done it. The latest design, with a better catalyst matrix, works with 50% H2O2. That matters because you can buy it, and don't need to make it yourself on the spot like the 70% solution. I have not succeeded in finding out whether the rocket version is loud like the ramjet one. What I don't understand is why it doesn't optimize away the check on (inode->i_nlink), since it is assuming the code in the dependent block always runs. It has to be assuming that, because it is the only path that doesn't lead to undefined behavior. I never hear anything about C#, never mind anyone bashing it. Java is out there absorbing the bashing. C# is well inside Java's bash shadow. The problem of detecting consciousness reliably maps pretty neatly to the problem of detecting sarcasm. A few years back Bloomberg had some interns working on an online sarcasm detector. Reports were that they had complete success, but no one believed it, for reasons that should be obvious with a little reflection. Yes, gcc and clang are overwhelmingly superior for all purposes. Let me advise against growing dependent on IDEs. They make it easy to get started, but soon begin to hold you back. Vim, meanwhile, takes some practice, but it repays so much, year in and year out. I have never heard of anyone who learned and then abandoned it. There are, of course, alternative theories about "The Catastrophe" as historians call the event, when almost all the cities facing the Mediterranean were sacked in a few short years, preceding a 400-year "dark age". One well-supported theory suggests a military innovation that enabled a cheaply-outfitted, quickly recruited army of 10,000 to defeat a standing force of 1000 charioteers. Such an army might be easily filled out from among the overtaxed farmers surrounding each walled city. In this alternative, the "dark age" might rather indicate freedom from centralized oppression, with "civilization" arising again only after its faults were forgotten; and the Catastrophe an early sort of "Mediterranean Spring". There was never more than conjecture supporting the "Sea Peoples" idea. For the popular-uprising approach, we may imagine a core of a few hundred organizers proceeding from one city to the next, with local recruiting promises (and testimonials from the last) of rich spoils from each new target. The best story we have on the invention of science as practiced comes from Al-Haytham's "Optics", of a thousand years ago, written while he was under house arrest and cut off from access to reference materials. It did originate in Egypt. You seem to be referring to "The Nasty Book", designed to make people insecure about the quality of their writing. Google it. I'll wait. The essay is thoughtful, nuanced, and not easily summarized. Poison for modern readers, savory for patient readers. It demonstrates that Sapir-Whorf is more interesting than a hypothesis. But you do have to pay attention to get that. You get from it what you bring to it. Is that pointless? If your life is pointless, then probably. The summary carries as much truth as every misstatement the author examines. I.e, none. "Good" You are aware that -W turns on more warnings that -Wall? Be glad they fixed it, sometime back, so "-W -Wall" doesn't turn off the extra -W warnings. It would be better to say he invented all generative grammars, among which the context-free form is noted as easy to parse. In consequence, it suffers from limited conciseness. The piece doesn't say outright that nothing in Chomsky is original to him, but it is a necessary conclusion. That practice in tech has given rise to endless variations of security vulnerabilities. In human terms, it especially accommodates cons. Good fences make better neighbors. It sounds like Rust could be a good way to break one's bad habit of depending too much on their IDE. Pity that won't last. The biggest problem I had with Rust was that I found it very, very hard to go back and forth between Rust and C++. Rust forbids or discourages use of semicolons and parentheses in many places where C++ requires them, and it took days to restore the habit of putting them in. I finally had to stop experimenting with Rust because it was interfering with getting paid work done. People coding only Rust, or Rust and (say) Ruby, should be less affected. At the time, it was quite hard to know where an & was required, and where it was forbidden. There wasn't much middle ground, suggesting maybe it would do better figuring that out for itself. But it is probably too late to change that. Rust left behind a huge number of C's legacy mistakes that C++ had to suck up, but it is increasingly limited by its own early choices. You mistake me -- omitting parentheses and semicolons was very, very easy to get used to. Too easy, in fact. It was very hard to get back to putting them where they are required in C++. I was continually omitting them. (Maybe an IDE would have helped.) I wonder if the first number is sustained, pipelined rate for big values, and the second number is cycles for the first iteration, still assuming everything is in L1 cache. Those would be the useful numbers. nRF52 is amazing, but IDEs are a trap. Sure, use one for your first project, then immediately move on to a proper Makefile. All professional development with microcontrollers is done with Makefiles, because of Reasons. I couldn't tell from the article who was Arduino SRL and who was Arduino LLC. It's great that Hernando is now Chief Design Architect, but how does that fit with the rest of the story? Did his opponent have to take him on as part of a settlement? Is this a win for the little guy? This is an important point. amedvednikov is the author. It is hard to interpret it. The V compiler parses C? The importance of libraries turns largely on how powerful the language is. For a weak language like Java or C, it takes a lot of library to be much help. A more powerful language like C++, Rust, or Haskell can capture much more semantics in a library. This builds on itself, so that spending time optimizing a library is worthwhile if the library starts out more useful. Putting more work into a library benefits every user if the library can absorb the extra work. Obligate-GC cuts library authors off at the knees, so otherwise powerful GC languages tend not to collect libraries. Makes me wonder, why not use decimal counters? If designed cleverly enough, they could drive the segments directly. Each digit would have 7 latches, one for each segment, and cycle through just 10 of the otherwise possible 128 states. It would be ironic to use clockless logic, making simpler latches. The article doesn't mention, among possible stressors, that spacecraft are always operated at reduced air pressure and high oxygen fraction, and low humidity. The problem is, nobody knows which factors are actually responsible for downregulating immune system activity, because every astronaut gets all of them. A few ought to be variable. Sleep deprivation ought to be entirely avoidable, but NASA cannot quite manage not scheduling more to do in a day than there is day. How strange to learn that C++ has entirely stagnated since 1998. I guess C++11 and C++14 were just final gasps of a dying language, nowhere near the importance of Python or Java point releases. But how can we account for ballooning attendance at ISO C++ Standard meetings (lately approaching 200) and industry conferences? At great risk of being downvoted to oblivion (before you pile on, check your motives), this struck me on first encounter, 30 years ago, and ever more strongly since, as the most self-indulgent of all programs. People impressed by it invariably appear, primarily, pleased with themselves for the depth of perception they demonstrate by being impressed with it. Comparing it to Maxwell's equations sharpens this. The equations are deeply illuminative of fundametal processes of reality, summarizing comprehensively and precisely decades of exacting experimentation by the best physicists of the age. The speed of light (in vacuum, and in any medium) is simply derived from them. No detail of them could be deduced without abstraction from all the experience of all who came before. How much work went into this program? Would any two people, who just knew Lisp, but no theory of computation, asked to write it, write it differently? How long could it take? An hour, a week, a month? How much insight would it take? How much lived experience does it represent? Think it through: A Lisp interpreter in Lisp. It demonstrates that, if you are handed a Lisp runtime, as we are today, it is easy to make it execute Lisp programs. With small changes, it runs slightly different programs. Should that impress us? Where did this Lisp runtime come from, and why would one expect it to be tuned for anything but running Lisp programs? If it were not good for running Lisp programs, what would it be good for? The program relies, fundamentally, on all the science (and, frankly, engineering) that came before, but illuminates none of it. It is a fleck of foam that rides determinedly at the surface, belying the depths that support it. It illuminates nothing beyond itself. C is an interesting contrast. There is no "C runtime". There is just the target machine. A C interpreter in C has no advantage over one in any other language, because every detail of the source language of the interpreter is washed away in compilation, along with the compiler. In Lisp, everything is still there. "Resolves a symbol" relies on the runtime. "Calls apply" relies on the runtime. You don't need to write those, because you inherited them. The relevant question is the degree to which memory errors remain a significant source of bugs in modern C++ code. Are they now of mainly theoretical importance? I can't answer that definitively, but I can say it has been many years since I had a bug in C++ code that using Rust, instead, would have prevented. My bugs are specification bugs. Memory bugs just are not on the radar. But coding Rust takes me enough longer than C++ that I can't justify it. Perhaps the driving force demanding memory safety isn't for one's own use, but rather the hope that the code one depends upon, written by other people, will get better. I.e., I write good code, and you write good code, but God forbid we have to rely on Microsoft, Google, Mozilla, and Red Hat monkeys to write good code! That's a legitimate desire, but it doesn't drive much personal adoption. Meanwhile, the PITA factor -- borrow checker not happy! "&" required! "&" forbidden! -- interferes with personal adoption of Rust. And C++ keeps adding features. Not to fall increasingly behind, Rust needs to multiply its adoption rate. I don't see how that could happen. C++ is already good enough, so Rust can't cannibalize significantly from C++ coders. Rust is enough better than Go, Java, and C# to be worth a significant effort to switch, if users of those languages could perceive it. The greatest benefit to the world derives from driving people off C -- to Rust or modern C++, it matters little which. There is no chance of Rust "replacing" C++. There is no chance of it even cannibalizing many seats from C++. The net benefit is just not there. But Rust is so overwhelmingly better than C, Go, Java, and C# for things people use those for, it may have a bright future replacing them, once its libraries and tooling mature enough. It will be competing with C++ on that, but there's room for both. The present generation of Alzheimer's researchers has a big, big problem. The best evidence now points to infection as the cause, but they are not infectious-disease specialists. It takes a long, long time to become an infectious-disease specialist, and there are lots already. What will they do when it turns out they have none of the skills needed to advance the study and treatment of Alzheimer's? The present generation of Alzheimer's patients has a big problem, too. Grants for research into Alzheimer's are controlled by the present generation of researchers, who have no particular desire to learn that Alzheimer's is an infectious disease. So, negligible work is going into establishing an infectious-disease etiology, never mind effective treatment. Publications supporting an infectious-disease cause of Alzheimer's are, likewise, not especially welcomed by established Alzheimer's referees. The herpes-family observations go back twenty years, and are only now gaining traction. The gingivalis observations are more recent. This is an area where one wealthy donor could make an enormous difference that might improve the lives of millions in a very short time. I'm amazed at how recognizable so many of these critters are, half a billion years on. Halting progress for several decades, and blighting the careers of its best people until the old guard dies is not "dealing with it". That is actively failing to deal with it. Yes, these are independently invented examples of qanats. The geometry of the access holes resulting in wind-powered water motion is unique. A no-brainer. Next good idea? The world was a better place with Michael in it, and is a worse place without him. It is tragic that he could not continue living in it. Cultures whose language requires absolute direction awareness ought to yield individuals who can consciously identify changes in magnetic fields. It seems like an obvious course of investigation. One wonders whether there was any attempt to recruit such individuals. Not all of them live in inaccessible places -- just most. This is devastating. It has long been clear what needed to happen, by law. The law has been systematically ignored, causing millions of needless deaths over decades of inaction. There is more than enough disgrace to go around to all responsible parties. Shame on you all. No, they aren't. You might be thinking of MRI machines. Or bulldozers. Or something. Weak, slowly-changing magnetic fields have no noticeable effect on "wires and other metal components". Have you ever noticed effects of the earth's magnetic field on your earbuds? No? Why not? That defines good journalism. Bald claims with insufficient evidence would be bad journalism. "Effect" meaning "bring about" ? That generally requires mating behavior. Can it affect people? Evidently so. That is what you just read about. As a bonus, the article explains why we never got birds that big: birds depend on their feet for help launching, where the extra leg musculature competes with wings in the weight budget. The heavy muscles needed for azhdarchid launch are also flight muscle. You did notice that the video just shows the bones, right? Flight surfaces and muscles will cost you extra. The key bit is right at the end, showing launch in real time. There is no descent for lack of lift because there is no time for it to happen in. While the animal is still rising from the jump, the wings swing out and take up the load, in a fractional second. It would be terrifying to have it happen toward you, even as it swept over. 2.25 km is a hell of a long way for an animal to get in 90 seconds, no matter how you slice it. No, they really could fly thousands of miles without stopping. They may have stopped to sleep, but there are plenty of birds that don't. If all the water is frozen, what does "sea level" even mean? You probably need to start taking Welbutrin or something. See an occupational psychiatrist. They really can help, and quickly. The key failure of the MCAS system I have not seen discussed is that if it is overriden, and triggers again, it cranks the trim another notch. Trigger it five times, and each time it makes the plane less flyable. When Lion Air crashed, it had been triggered many times. Making MCAS pay attention to two sensors might help a bit, but the disaster is still latent. Once it trims, it should never trim again without a full reset back to baseline. There are standards relating to this sort of thing in flight assist, about how much "authority" an automated system may assert, in total, and they were ignored, apparently because they did not treat it as part of the autopilot system. If the standard had been observed, the bad sensor could not have had much effect on the flyability of the plane. The pilots would have needed to apply some force to keep the nose up, but would have succeeded, long enough to discover a fix or to turn around and land. Are you aware of the concept of Dynamical Friction? There is nothing speculative about it. It slows down objects above the average speed by ordinary Newton-style gravitational interactions. "Gas", here, as usual, means "plasma". Gas does not interact electromagnetically. Use of the term "plasma" invites banishment from the community of astronomers, and loss of access to telescopes. I wondered too. "OpenTTD is a business simulation game in which players try to earn money via transporting passengers and freight by road, rail, water and air. It is an open-source[2] remake and expansion of the 1995 Chris Sawyer video game Transport Tycoon Deluxe." https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenTTD "Hash! Boo! Valvoline! Clean! Clean! Clean for Gene!" I have assumed Gene is Eugene McCarthy, US Senator from Minnesota and candidate for president. I still think of the two hobbits as Moxie and Pepsi. And the Battle of Minestroni. Not well-disposed toward humans, elves, hobbitses and others who cut down trees means evil? That's a bit too Manichaean for me. Giving the money to other organizations actually competent to do the work was a good idea. Skimming 9% and then allowing those to skim 24% off the top, less so. (But we don't even really know about the remaining 67%.) Probably they should have identified groups actually doing work, and let them skim off 0%. I.e., let them submit bills to reimburse expenses for shipping, materials and local labor. Well-run organizations can achieve more when they don't need to scrounge for material expenses. Then, you can apportion according to tangible results. But what do I know? It never occurred to him to run Linux on his machine, for real work, and keep Windows in a VM for when he really needs it? Surely someone, somewhere has explained that Windows runs faster in a VM than on bare metal, because Linux is better at file systems and buffer management? Or that relying on drivers from all over makes your system less reliable than the fixed set used in the VM? Me, I cannot imagine running MSWindows on bare metal. It just feels wrong. He lost me at "Perl". It is not widely known that HFCs are a really, really terrible greenhouse gas, with hundreds of times the infrared-retaining power of CO2 and hundreds of times the half-life in the atmosphere. It is estimated that if all the HFCs currently in use ends up vented, it would account for half the total greenhouse effect. It's really important to make sure A/C systems don't leak. If you are ever in a position to specify a big system, get one that uses ammonia. People are talking about freezer spray, but really you need to substitute parts, first, until you narrow it down. PSU, RAM, GPU, motherboard, CPU. Start with RAM -- it's easiest and most likely, and you can get along on half for a while, just to see. RAM, PSUs and motherboards are remarkably cheap to replace. We don't know how much chimpanzees resemble our common ancestor, but we do know that H. sap. resembles it very little. The most rational estimate would be that it was quite a lot like the chimpanzee today -- same environment, same brain size, same diet. So it cannot be far off the mark to suggest we evolved from something remarkably chimpanzee-like. When the end came, it came fast. Were people generally better off, after? We call the time after the fall of Rome a Dark Age, but farmers certainly kept more of their harvest, for centuries. It is amazing that it had not been measured accurately before. The enormously broader range of the common chimpanzee (until recently) argues for its more basal character. New evidence could overturn that, but I won't be holding my breath waiting on it. Let's say "metaphorical". Immature neanderthals didn't have protruding chins, and neanderthals were not our principal ancestors. But our actual adult ancestors did have bigger teeth and heavier bones than we do, like Neanderthals, and immature ones of them were more like us. They would better have said "cavemen" than "Neanderthals", but they would have been beat up for that too. I just appreciated them allowing Wrangham lots of column-inches to touch on a broad range of surprising observations. Remarkably, we don't. There was obviously a shipping container, but nobody has found it yet. So all we have is what we had: lots of washed up phone fragments. Every computer, and every program, is a state machine. We invented machine language, and increasingly higher-level languages, specifically to provide a better way to program than making raw state machines. When you find yourself using a high-level language to emulate, badly, a below-machine-language-level state machine, you should recognize that you are in a state of sin, and ask where you have gone wrong in life. Thus spake the Voice of Experience. It is tragic that this was not adopted as the Standard encoding for C++98. It probably could have been, if the right people had known its properties, and we might have been able to avoid standardizing wstring and all the basic_* templates. It still could be the Standard encoding for C++20 if the right people could be persuaded. In practice, that would mean that whatever other execution encodings any given Implementation supports, it must support a Standard mode with a UTF-8 encoding assumed for any output from the program that is interpreted as text. It would mean that downstream programs that need to know the encoding, such as terminal emulators in some Implementations, would need to have a way to recognize or designate non-Standard programs and their encodings, and interpose appropriate handling for them. tl;dr: A wonderfully thorough exploration of the origins, development, and zombie-like re-animation of a popular myth fed by wild hope and ardent hucksterism through centuries of careful demolition. A Japanese executive would accept responsibility honestly and commit seppuku. I don't expect him to kill himself, but honesty seems the least we should expect in its place. Dishonesty is what caused it, and dishonesty continues dragging it out. He should be pelted with rotten fruit whenever he show his face in public until he comes clean. This. We have seen that there was another problem only noticed because of the extra scrutiny. We have a saying in the software business: two is an impossible number. That said, the Air France Airbus dive into the ocean was caused by an equally stupid design decision that should never have shipped. Pilot and copilot were applying opposite force on the joystick, and instead of a siren going off, it just averaged them. Have they even fixed that yet? It was in ever Airbus. There is more than enough blame to go around. Boeing fucked up. FAA fucked up. Boeing management fucked up after Lion. Boeing mgmt fucked up after EA. They should resign in disgrace, not issue self-serving press releases. Shame! C++, also, is an entirely different, and overwhelmingly more powerful, language, than in 1994. No. There are just a very large number of us who want Purism to continue their work. Even many of us who don't feel like we can afford their products yet. Violent death is another unattractive feature. Somehow everybody agrees with this, yet it is extremely rare to find anybody deleting much code. If not writing code is good, deleting code should be much better. At least, delete the code that shouldn't have been written! Me, I never feel quite so productive as when I have deleted 1000 lines of code. Sometimes I need to replace it with 20 or 100 lines, which is sad, but still a net improvement. Yet, most days I find I write more code than I delete. There is a current fashion in C++ to eliminate loops from your code, replacing them with calls to generic algorithms -- written on the spot, if necessary. It is hard to see how this will be an improvement when you start, but after a series of minor transformations, the improvement accelerates and code just starts to seem to evaporate. Yes. Snark. Then there was the Moonlight knockoff based on Mono. And Mono itself, of course. Dead ends before the project ever started, but they finished and shipped them. Let's not neglect .Net. But we're supposed to be talking about good products, not misbegotten ones. So: Apple Newton! Too soon. :-) Apple A/UX IMHO the final Apple product released before they turned intolerably smug. Everything ever published that touches on developments at Xiph.org turns out to be fascinating and unreasonably informative. If you have experience in the development or deployment of Vorbis, Ogg, Opus, or AV1, please pile on. There can never be too much public information about the history of these deeply inspirational developments. They represent the pinnacle of human engineering achievement. Every generation that comes after will only benefit from studying them, how they came to be, and the people who made them happen. I want more information about the application of germ theory to Alzheimer's. Is it a herpes family virus infection? A gingivalis bacterial infection? Some of both? Who is working on this? Are research grants forthcoming, or are they all still earmarked for amyloid genetics? Are papers being approved for publication, or are they being rejected or stalled because the reviewers are not qualified to evaluate infectious-disease papers? If it is a treatable infection, everyone currently suffering or threatened by Alzheimer's is being irreparably harmed by delays pursuing these treatments. I had it on an SE/30: 16 MHz 68030, maxed out at 8MB of RAM, 1M per stick. (Later you could get bigger sticks; I never did.) It had floating point hardware 5x as fast as the IBM PC-AT's coprocessor. The whole machine with 80M disk was $2400, in 1990 dollars. It had one slot, taken by the 10Mb/s ethernet card, and a 512x342 monochrome 1-bit-deep display. It ran MacOS7's GUI, and it was as responsive as anything you run today. Money quote: "The Kgp inhibitor COR271, which has oral bioavailability and significant CNS penetration, administered orally twice a day significantly reduced bacterial load in the brain compared to the positive control infection arm and in comparison to baseline levels at 5 weeks." All the other Alzheimer's researchers are not infectious-disease specialists, and have no reasonable prospect of becoming infectious-disease specialists. The overwhelming majority of Alzheimer's disease research funding still goes to them. They get veto power over most potential grants to infectious-disease groups, and publication by them in most journals. Probably the single most effective way to enable progress on Alzheimer's research would be to discover something else they could all work on, and stop blocking infectious disease specialists' work. Since 1999 there have been reports of Herpes-family viral infections associated with Alzheimer's, with publication only recently enabled. What is up with that work? The rarest skill, even in highly intelligent engineers, is to be able to imagine the world after a thing has been changed, and see what will matter to people then. Everyone else (including you, most likely) can only see the change itself. Is the change pretty? No awareness at all of whether the product after the change is nicer than the present product. It is a skill that can be developed, but it takes focused attention. The end result is to see how to alter the change to make the end result better to use, not just a thing with another PITA feature. Q: Who uses inheritance in C++, anymore? A: Java coders. Inheritance defines a mechanism that is sometimes useful. It is useless as an interface design tool. Since they started putting Rust in Firefox, it crashes literally hundreds of times a day. (Usually the crashes are in subprocesses. Not always.) Is Rust to blame? I don't know. But I would rather see some attention to the crashes than any new features, or new OSes, right at the moment. Your friend will have a painful learning experience. You might not be his friend anymore by the time he learns the thing. Or you might be there to help him recover from a painful learning experience. Either way is OK. This is a treasure hoard. So much accumulated experience on offer, just for the time it takes to read it. I agree. I have tried Chromium at times, but the weight of Google hegemony always sends me back. HOWEVER! I run it in a VM on a Qubes host, with UMatrix add-on and a Google Analytics blocker. It has no access to a GPU. It crashes, sometimes, hundreds of times a day. (Most usually this is a tab crashing, but frequently enough the whole thing goes.) Nothing else on the machine is even slightly unstable. At the moment, 66 is entirely unable to bring up a Google Maps tab for more than a half-second; it draws the map, then BOOM. Frequently it can bring up a page, but then crashes at the first hint of scrolling. Looking back, this seems to have started sometime around 60 or 61, and got really bad around 63 or 64. I really would like to see an end to its crashing. I'm sad that delivery pushed back from Q2 to Q3, but happy that it can make phone calls. I wonder if it will run Signal. Maybe the desktop version? They didn't "try". They did. (I did not.) Many times. Unnecessarily, as it turned out. Spain was named by the Phoenicians after the huge number of rabbits they saw there. But they had no word for rabbit, so they used their word for hyraxes. Which are, by the way, the closest extant taxon to the elephants. Which themselves are named just for their thick skin. I thought the Apache Foundation was where projects go to die, or to wallow in irrelevance, or something. Is OpenOffice still there? The elephant in the room of functional languages is that they all, somehow, fundamentally depend on garbage collected memory management. This GC is never coded in the functional language itself. Why? Because functional languages are very, very bad at resource management. Real programs typically need to manage resources besides memory. So, they look good depending on GC for toy problems, but fail to graduate from their sandbox. The only powerful languages not dependent on GC are C++ and Rust. They have facilities to manage any resources needed, and that are equally adept at managing memory. As a consequence, it is possible to write libraries for these languages that can work in any program. Programs in obligate-GC languages always need to compromise some aspect of GC to be practical, but that makes them incompatible with the majority of libraries. Thus, you don't see good library ecosystems grow up around them. A functional language that did not depend on GC could be useful, but academics would kneecap it immediately. Academia absolute detests the idea of non-obligate-GC languages, for purely tribal reasons. Out-parameters are a terrible choice in C++. If it matters whether RVO is guaranteed, you are probably making something more complicated than it needs to be. Value semantics give you sensible behavior. Smart pointers should not appear in user-visible interfaces. It is easy to tie yourself in knots by doing the complicated thing. The solution is to do the simple thing. The alternative is that it was inevitable, given the conditions in which it occurred, dictated by laws of physics, chemistry, and thermodynamics, and was just a matter of time, like rust or diamonds. I approve of this interpretation. This is fundamentally the wrong direction to go. The clue is that MSWin running in a VM on Linux is faster than on hardware. The way forward is to boot Linux, or even something else, to manage hardware, memory, and filesystems, and cut down MSWin to run in a container on it. That way MSWin relies on the underlying OS to do things MSWin has proven to be just not very good at. MSWin runs programs written for it, reliably the same as non-hosted MSW, but is not subject to randomizing effects of manufacturers' drivers and MS's historically poor buffer and process management. If you want MSWin to manage the screen, it can provide a way for an underlying OS program to work in a window it provides, and connect UI and clipboard events back to it. But MSWin is not really so great at display management, either, so it might be better for the underlying OS to manage that, too, as is done with VMs on X today. Also a private, albeit subsidized, company. 30s, but OK. Aircraft production was fully industrial going into the 40s. Both were, in the end. But this one was going slower. Those are all things you asked to have. The topic was things you coded, but that the compiler did not generate code to do. To be precise: by the object model, a constructor and destructor were supposed to be called. The compiler, by special dispensation, avoided calling them. You may complain that the object model is whatever the standard says the compiler must do, in which case the statement would be vacuous: no transformations. My available choices for what I do are C++ and, theoretically, Rust. Rust has the advantage of fewer legacy choices thrust upon it, although it is rapidly building up its own legacy. It is thus far less expressive, so I cannot capture as much meaning in a library. It is less mature, limiting its practical usability. It has some complications C++ lacks, some of which are unavoidable even in little programs. By the time Rust is mature, it (including its milieu) will be as complicated as C++ is today, with as many legacy boat anchors. But it will be as expressive and as practically useful, and I will have two choices of commensurate standing. For now, C++ is really all we have. It all traces back to the destructor: the original innovation that makes the rest possible. Rust's Drop trait fills the identical role. Nothing else has it. How do I deal with C++'s complexity? I stay the hell away from things that are too hard to understand. It's not hard. The most useful parts of the language are simple when used right. Lvalue and rvalue are inventions that serve a particular purpose in Algol-family languages. They are not physics. These other value categories are further inventions for additional purposes. The only unfortunate bit is the insistence on one-letter abbreviations when discussing them. This was an amazing synthesis. Fatal? Really? That kind of adjustment is necessary to get meaningful results. Like many men my age, I have developed an autoimmune reaction to the bits that are supposed to absorb B12, so I have to take 5000ug to absorb the 2ug I need. Should I be counted as benefiting from supplements? Lab tests showed an elevated homocysteine level, an indication of B12 deficiency. I would say not. Testing everybody for every possible deficiency, or need for a more than normal amount, of any particular thing would be very expensive, and inconclusive. Taking a multi supplement might take care of many such problems without the analysis, but there is now plenty of evidence for harm in megadoses. (Maybe I got my auroimmune reaction from megadoses?) In any case, a multi doesn't have enough to fix my problem. What is clear from many, many careful studies is that many particular supplements utterly fail to provide the benefits expected, for most people, and actually harm some people. That includes particularly vitamins C, D, and E, and fish oil extracts. I just wonder if the encyclopedia survived. It seems possible. Rust has ARC and RC, which I gather are badly overused by refugees from other languages dependent on GC. The better programs and libraries use them less. It remains to be seen whether this aesthetic will win out. You might have picked the wrong hill to die on. C++ destructors really are deterministic, even in the face of exceptions, lambdas, and moves: everything constructed gets destroyed. Modern wrinkles where the compiler is allowed to skip a construction and a destruction do not contradict that. You have to fool with heap memory or evoke UB to escape that law. Code like that is the bane of my existence. Give me `T2 function(T1)` every time. Besides being overwhelmingly clearer, I can use it in just one line. The other needs at least 3, more commonly 5, lines packed around it, so less than 20% of your code actually does anything useful toward the problem it is supposed to solve. Five times longer means you have five times the bugs. Besides being horrible style, operating on references cripples the optimizer. "Avoid accidental copying"? What good is that if it's slower than if you did the copy? He hated democracy for the same reason everybody hates democracy: people cast votes contrary to his. Anything else is (how you say?) sophistry. Every time somebody comes in with another abstraction scheme, my first thought is, "great, how do I bypass it?". Give me onload, I use ef_vi. Give me exasock, I use exanic. The amount of code to operate at the lower level turns out to never be more than a hundred or two lines of code (much less for exanic), but always eliminates latency that comes from doing crap I will just need to undo, or redo differently. AF_XDP and eBPF suggest the promise of making that code portable, yet running it in the NIC itself, possibly even eliminating a polling thread that uses up a whole core on the host, but it seems to need more support in the library available to the eBPF code. Specifically, it needs better access to (pre-permission-checked and mapped) DMA to host RAM, and precise, accurate timestamps. They don't need to be pretty, but they need to exist. Another part of the Sixth Extinction. Part of approving new drugs to treat chronic illnesses needs to include identifying a way to deactivate them in wastewater, or before they get to wastewater. AND we need to come up with ways for the existing drugs. Maybe people on these drugs need to be taught to collect their piss and not flush it. io_uring dumps data directly into a ring buffer mapped into the user-level address space. User code is notified by (at least) an updated atomic counter. The user process must be finished with the data before the kernel comes around again to overwrite it. Often that demands the user process or thread is bound to a core which the OS has been forbidden to run anything else on, and the thread does a carefully circumscribed amount of work, rarely including memory allocation, i/o, or even system calls, that may cause it to be "lapped" by subsequent writes. The idea is that the average time to process a packet absolutely must not exceed the average arrival rate, and the sum of spikes in arrival rate must average out over the size of the ring buffer to less than the process rate. The hamster process pulling from the ring may just be load balancing to a herd of other threads operating under less stringent conditions, so they might be permitted i/o. "Compiler is allowed" not to destroy what it never constructed. This is no different from the myriad other elisions modern compilers do -- and that CPU cores do. Deterministically, destructors run exactly when the constructed object goes out of scope, after objects constructed later, before those constructed earlier. More determinism than that is something you will get from nobody. You don't have to write any constructors at all. Write ordinary functions, and call them whenever you like. Been there, had enough of that for several lifetimes. Destructors are better. I am reliably informed that the top developers ay MS Research are in WSL 80% of the time. No, because you still suffer from Windows buffer management, Windows I/O scheduling, and Windows kernel-thread scheduling. It has been tried. It is also extremely slow on big files. Try opening a file, seeking out to 10GB, and writing 4KB. Instant, on any Unix. Better have something else planned for the afternoon, on Windows. Yes, but you can run it in a VM. Microsoft could make it run in a container, instead, if they cared about your time. They might do it to make their Azure servers faster, but have little incentive to tell you. File operations. Corralling vendors to code reliable, non-crashy drivers. Input device event handling. Thread scheduling. I/O scheduling. Anything where tuning would have involved work by more than one product group. Generally, yes, throw. Sometimes an optional is better, such as when downstream already takes one. Occasionally, checking whether the operation (and a bunch of others) would succeed is best, particularly in high-rel/high-av systems. There, you are probably also logging, first, what you are about to attempt. One could draw a corollary, there, about Java. But it might be perceived as invidious. Then you are saddled with the overwhelmingly bigger problem of where the interventionist came from. You don't converge when each next term is astronomically bigger than the previous one. It appears, already, that amino acids and RNA were inevitable, and RNA turns out to suffice for the needed enzyme operations. RNA that replicates other RNA arises spontaneously. Once you get two of them, the seas fill with variations of everything they encounter. I love that "ct" ligature so much! Also "st". Sometimes you find "sc". I persuaded the author of Linux Libertine to add the first two as "historical" alternatives. https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/25118/is-there-a... I think we are meant to take "as reliable" here as "not particularly". I found that the NYT in the Bush era supported Cheney falsehoods long after they had been exposed elsewhere. Of course they were big boosters for the Iraq invasion debacle even long after the fact. Thomas Friedman obliterated any credibility he ever had over that. This is the most tragically inspiring story of the modern era. Bi-layer membranes, such as cell membranes and walls of organelles, are squeezed together, so may be thinner and stiffer. It would not be surprising if some species could not adapt to lower pressure, just as we are ill-adapted to vacuum. Three orders of magnitude qualifies as "a hell of a lot" in any reasonable estimate. That is just entirely false. Electrical engineers, mechanical engineers, and chemical engineers have quite different courseloads. Even within electrical engineering, semiconductor physics, radio frequency electronics, electromotion, and power systems are all completely different from computer architecture and one another. That's without delving into specialties in each. This is the real reason why women are graduating in computer science in much smaller numbers than when I was in school, when the number was 30%. Programming, like engineering and science, has turned out to be just not a good long-term career prospect for most people. Whenever demand softens, which it does every few years, women and minorities take the brunt. Once you have been out for even three years it is very hard to break in again. Part of the problem is that when employers don't feel like paying a living wage, they easily persuade government to import foreign help, in the tens or even hundreds of thousands. The companies pretend that this doesn't depress salaries, despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary. Furthermore, they have arranged not to be obliged to pay overtime, and then they demand overtime work on a routine basis. I have never seen such an employer pay engineers overtime, under any circumstance. Sometimes there are "bonuses" that are a tiny fraction of what overtime would cost them. The only plausible solution to this problem will be for engineers and programmers to unionize, and start cultivating representation in legislatures. We are handicapped by myths about self-reliant cowboy engineers who don't need to join together. No, because the market is artificially depressed by "visa programs". They pretend there are not enough skilled engineers, when really they are not offering enough to make the jobs attractive. Worse, people on these visas are captive labor, and cannot move along to better prospects. Are you suggesting that engineering students have no choice about which areas to study, just because they have labels? Many study more than one, and take multiple degrees. I knew one who got seven bachelor's degrees in various engineering and science fields. Really? Who have you found that pays overtime? Am I confused, or is Wesley? C++ supports dependent types: template T add(T, T); C++ doesn't have borrow checking. Maybe he means no non-obligate-GC language has dependent types and borrow checking? It is meaningless to conclude anything from "equalized pressure" beyond that nothing is changing in size. To conclude from animals recovering from pressure changes that the high or low pressure is harmless is equally absurd. Leave them at the given pressure and they die. Humans under high pressure, exposed to nitrogen, or even a normal amount of oxygen, soon die. Not from gases exploding, but from different physical and chemical behavior of substances under high pressure. Under high enough pressure, at normal temperature, gases become liquid. A cell membrane under pressure, after pressure has equalized, does experience the same pressure on both sides. But because cell membranes have two or more layers, the stuff in the middle gets squeezed. Is the pressure in the middle equal to that on either side? Of course, otherwise it would continue getting thinner. Does that have anything to do with the topic? Nothing whatsoever. Motion in, heat out, either way. Regenerative braking is motion in, electrical power out. It is really just generation applied for reducing motion, but the power could as well be turned directly into heat if all you wanted was to avoid using up your brake shoes. There is a third method, where you shift down and rely on friction in your engine block to heat up your oil, and indirectly the water jacket, and dump the excess heat to the radiator. Job prospects are good until they are bad. The most enduring experience for most engineers is periodic mass layoffs. Professors don't have that much influence. Corporations are driving, for obvious reasons. More supply, cheaper wages, more profits. Generally, it would be sad if they disappear somewhere I am not. I see that we are talking about different time windows. You see a momentary spike in wages. I (and most people not blinded by the glare) see an unstable career prospect. Throw enough at the wall, some of it might stick. People who have no reputation tend to worry less about their reputation. An important advantage of this grain is that there is no temptation to douse it with Roundup two weeks before harvest so it dries on the stalk. Unlike (e.g.) oats and chickpeas, for which things made of organic flour are increasingly hard to find. The Roundup is not rinsed off, because the whole point was to cheapen drying it. So it is ground right into the flour. You do understand that the air comes out hotter than it went in, right? And that the added heat came from the kinetic energy of the truck? I got a degree in EE, but spent a year in CS (don't ask). Some years back I totted up what have used since graduation that I actually learned in class. I didn't get a CS degree because it is too easy -- you just read the book. So I didn't learn any CS there, I had already read the book. The only thing I have used since graduation, for work, that I actually studied for a class was big-O notation and reasoning. But! Every week, in every engineering class, they assigned problem sets. Every week I read them through and knew, with certainty, there was no way I could do them. Then, every week I turned them in, completed correctly. So that was what I really learned in school: that I have no real sense of what I can learn to do, and do. Since then, I have just done things, without worrying about whether I was really capable. I was graduated with a BSEE. I can say with certainty that I did not take the same set of classes as anyone else, and most who graduated with me also did not. I don't know what kool-aid you have drunk from, but falsehoods about other fields of study are not welcome here. I am finding it astonishing that they could construct them at all, never mind get them to work and not explode. There is a great deal of this in modern life that we successfully ignore until management failure makes it unmaintainable any more. Fractality. It says "Bean" there. How long will 150-solar-mass stars last? I want to use eBPF to run packet inspection and capture on my NIC, but the library functions accessible from eBPF don't include access to a nanosecond-resolution clock counter, or to efficient DMA to host procesd memory, needed for the job. Is anybody working on that? It's one thing to say the evidence that most supplements do any good just has not been produced, despite endlessly repeated, strongly motivated efforts. It's quite another thing to discover, over and over again, that they are actively harmful. This has happened with vitamins A, C, D, E, iron, calcium, fish-oil extracts, and various anti-oxidants. The most common effect is increased cancer risk. Actually being outside, and eating actual fish, fruits, and vegetables really does provide the benefits people hope for from supplements. Evidently the good stuff isn't really the vitamins or the oils. If there is a good story for multivitamin supplements, it would have to be (something like) that many people have increased need for certain nutrients because of various impairments and minor mutations. Discovering exactly who all these people are, and exactly what their metabolic quirks are, would be far more expensive than just giving everyone multivitamin / mineral supplements, and hoping to cover most of the problems without knowing precisely who is being helped. But when we find supplements causing active harm in some cases, and no measurable gain despite looking very hard for any, it gets less defensible. I have a need for 5000x as much vitamin B12 as most people, and it makes an easily perceptible difference for me. The typical supplement with 100 or 500 ug wouldn't help me enough. Fortunately, there is a simple test for this deficiency, so it is easy to tell if the supplement is working. (Also, the shooting pains in my forearms and numbness in thumb and fingers are pretty noticeable when they come and when they go.) I would like for supplements, in general, to be safe and to help some people, even if most people get no benefit, but the increased cancer risk seems like too high a price. There might be some supplements that are both safe and helpful for many, but I don't know if we know of any. Zinc? Thank you, I don't recall finding this when I studied it last. Why would this form before H2? Or are they really talking about a first compound? And if they are, why not say so? They're all interchangeable, right? Unless the first compound was really, for some reason, between a deuterium and an H3. But the difference in energy levels would be hard to detect. In any case, the scarcity of signatures outside violent environments indicates that no primordial HeH compounds survived, and these are recent re-occurrences. So, "the first type of compound". Less punchy, I guess. This is a very good analysis, but fatally incomplete. One really essential reason those planes crashed was that each time the MCAS triggered, it acted like it was the first time. If it added 1 degree of trim last time, it adds a second this time, a third next time, up to the five degrees that runs the trim all the way to the stops. A second reason is that, under the design still on file at the FAA, it could only add a maximum of 0.8 degrees (each time). This was raised to 2.4 degrees after testing, so only two hits could, in principle, put you almost to the stops. A third was that the only way to override the MCAS was to turn off power to the motor that worked the trim. But above 400 knots, the strength needed to dial back the trim with the hand crank was more than actual live pilots have, especially if it is taking all their strength to pull back on the yoke. A fourth was that, with two flight control computers, the pilot could (partly) turn off a misbehaving one, but there is no way to turn on the other one. You have to land first, to switch over, even though the other is doing all the work to be ready to fly the plane. A fifth was that it ignored that pilots were desperately pulling back on the yoke, which could have been a clue that it was doing the wrong thing. A sixth was that, besides comparing redundant sensors, it could have compared what the other flight computer thought it should be doing. It's both. The engine thrust center is also farther below the center of pressure of the airframe. And it can apply a lot more thrust than the original engines. The point about lift from the engine nacelles was that it acts as positive feedback: if you are already pitched too high, it acts to worsen the problem. And, because it is farther forward, it has a greater lever arm to act. I have frequently seen standards, guidelines, and "process" prevent improvements to code. Since change is considered risky, it takes more time and effort to document improvement than the individual change is worth. But software improves, when it does, by a series of small changes, each by itself hardly worth doing, but in sum producing a wholly better product. It is the process that turned lizards into birds. Thus, the standards and procedures that if followed would have prevented the problem. There is a standard that says automated controls are not allowed "authority" such that the pilot cannot counteract it. There is a standard that says failure of a single sensor must not cause a critical failure. Either violation alone makes the design not airworthy, and not certifiable for civil aviation, preventing both crashes. This case is unusual because, rather than a whole series of things that all had to go wrong before the plane would crash, this system has numerous failure modes that individually were almost enough by themselves to cause a crash. It is only astonishing that it took so long for it to happen. In the Lion Air case, painfully inadequate maintenance contributed. It doesn't seem to say what nexus is, or why we should care what it is. Anyone care to clue us in? Facebook can afford that out of pocket change. Bluster about unexpected expenses will not precede any changes to plans. Somebody at FB just thought they should be pushing back, on principle. But the offer to Facebook was not authorized by statute, so the contract is void. They will end up having to negotiate a new contract, with terms consistent with State law, if they want any its power. (They can build their own solar farm if they like; it is sunny in NM much of the time.) Ultimately it was not a technical failure: the failure was in allowing the plane to be sold with such a thoroughly bad design. Thus, a management and regulatory failure. Regulatory, because FAA signed off on it, obviously without applying any of the process that would have prevented it. Management, because the cost of this debacle will be many, many times what they saved by trying to skate by with a faulty design. In court that will cost them dearly: it demonstrates they were aware using two sensors would be safer. Probably AA or SWA demanded it, and Boeing compromised by charging for it. But... #6 was about paying attention to the other computer, not the other sensor. That would involve some big and expensive changes to the flight computer software, which they probably should have done long before the MAX project started. More management failure. Of course, that much engineering failure is not possible without even more management and regulatory failure. But documenting the engineering failures is necessary to quantify the management failures, at least until discovery in the wrongful-death lawsuits begins. Comparing sensors and comparing judgment of the other computer were both things they could have done, that they utterly failed to do, in both cases. Yes, it is unfortunate that these errors detracted from the thrust of the article. 40 seconds is an eternity to a pilot taking off or landing. Even Air France, taken down by a plugged pitot tube from cruise altitude, was doomed after only two minutes. Airbus has a lot to answer for on that one: averaging inputs from the pilot's and copilot's game controllers? Game controllers? Turning off the stall warning in deep stall, so that starting to recover sounds it again? Failing to teach pilots what stalls are, what they feel like, and how to prevent and recover from them? There is more than enough blame to go around for that one. The Boeing software, like the Airbus's, apparently performed as specified, so there was no problem with execution of the spec. The problem was that it was a bad spec, in too many ways to count. It is none of the above. The MCAS worked as specified. The specification was criminally stupid. It violated at least two bedrock principles of avionics design. It would not have been approved at all if Boeing had not bent over backwards to draw attention away from it, for fear that pilots might have needed extra training, or the plane need more exanination. This is an error in the article. 737-MAX is not a fly-by-wire system. The forces felt by pilots are derived directly from aerodynamic forces on the control surfaces. Well, no robotic control columns, but the effect of silently adding uncommanded trim is the same. This appears to be what happpened. If so, it amounts to criminal negligence. People should go to jail, but if anybody does, it will certainly not be the ones ultimately responsible. Most likely Boeing will pay fines and court judgments, something probably already factored into their stock price, impacting people holding the stock this year, not those who might have demanded better management five years ago. Certainly the whole top tier of management should be fired, but that won't happen either. Anyway, specified to do. "Elegant" does't mean "right" either. But with elegant code it is often easier to tell if it's not right, and also how to get it right if it's not. Often that requires making it less elegant, because the real world rarely poses elegant problems. You want to ensure that as much as possible of the necessary inelegance is at the top level, with everything below clean. There is more than enough blame to go around. E.g., Congress, for the last N decades, failing to fund FAA at levels clearly needed. "an American billionaire". Would be interesting to learn why he was denied eight times, or granted one on the ninth try. What beautiful writing. And so wrapped in tragedy. It is fascinating how differently the neck is constructed, compared to an adult. Maybe adults didn't need to look around, as much, to see what might be sneaking up on them? Or maybe they fished. So much we don't know. Srsly? Really? Time-and-a-half over 40 hours? Thought not. In a Standard, "implementation-defined" is much more specific. It means the implementation is required to provide documentation of its definition, so that a user writing deliberately non-portable code can rely on a behavior. As a matter of standardization, it is almost always a mistake to make anything implementation-defined. It is a common mistake among beginners writing their first proposal (don't be "that beginner"!) and inexperienced committee members who think it would resolve an impasse. Typically, when you find ID in a standard, it is because nobody cared enough to bother getting it right. The definition an implementation provides for an ID thing may just say "undefined". A comment below says that "undefined" doesn't mean "not defined". But it really does. Anything a standard does not define is undefined, and if you step in it, anything may happen, up to and including launching the missiles. Implementations are allowed to provide their own definition for almost anything left undefined by a standard. Often they define things according to another published standard, and point there. For example, "#include " is UB in ISO C, but implementations often defer to POSIX, another ISO Standard, there. Sometimes a Standard will leave something undefined, but warn that they plan to define it later. Usually this is expressed as "reserve". This happened to me. The void feeling is Depression. Youtube distracts from it, but reliance on distractors is only a symptom. There are many kinds of depression, distinguished first and foremost by what treatment works on each. That is the reason that "gold standard" double-blind trials fail to find that anti-depressants work. Imagine if you couldn't distinguish a broken arm from a broken leg, a broken humerus from a broken ankle. Trials of a cast on the left lower leg help only a few people, on the right only a few; left upper arm, right forearm, yada yada. "Casts are ineffective!" Take the wrong meds, nothing happens. Take the right one, miracle! There is no shame in medicating a problem: "If you can't make enough of your own serotonin, store-bought is fine." It is entirely possible that losing 50 pounds, or exercising devotedly, or dropping carbohydrates and alcohol from your diet would also fix it. Medicate first, and then see if those help. There is no end of benefits to these other measures, but you need to get your brain working right first, or you set yourself up to fail. In my case I was fixed up only two days after getting a sufficient dose of the right thing. A smaller dose had no effect, and other meds had no effect. Some kinds take weeks to build up before anything happens. I had five serious side effects (dry mouth, jaw clenching, ears ringing, dizzy spells, one more I don't recall) that passed after a few months. You can get past this, with help. Get help! Pity they didn't apply that to the officers of Goldman-Sachs, JPMorgan, Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns, Wells Fargo, and the whole rogues gallery that crashed the economy 11 years ago. We are close to the condition of early 2008 now, so there might be another chance to get it right. The premise is incoherent. As noted, they all see legislators with long noses and know how many they have seen, so there is nothing special about the day the Truon came visiting. Second, they all know they are liars, nose or no nose, so they should have resigned immediately. The only way the puzzle makes any sense is (1) the liars have a blind spot about their lies, and nobody ever gets on their case about the lies (nose or no nose), and (2) the legislature hasn't been meeting very long. The Truon just happened to show up before they would all have resigned anyway. So, you can't tell how many there were, because you don't know when they first met. The blue-eyed islanders have the second problem. I feel obliged to confess here that whenever I come upon "NVM" in text like this I have to remind myself not to just skip to the next paragraph (because "nevermind"). If only we could just do away with it. Hasn't Helvetica caused enough troble already? Could somebody please offer some background on why this was posted? Is this a retrocomputing project, or an original account of a project undertaken when these things were current? Thanks. "gaol". On this side we write "jail" but we pronounce it much the same. It wasn't long ago that Celestial Seasonings was caught adulterating their concoctions (technically, "tisanes") with toxic ingredients. A reference to the incident may be heard in Scott Pilgrim vs The World, when Mona Flowers lists off what kinds of tea (and tisanes) she has. Listen carefully, enough times, and you will hear "liver damage" listed among the choices. You don't really have to actually drink any of it to have the culture. Indonesia has been growing tea for long enough. > lab.format(true) gives me a bad feeling. However, in 35 years of programming I have not coded any kind of GUI, so my judgment might be off. Does anybody have a clue what this is really about? Obviously it's not about the Chinese gov't putting backdoors in Huawei equipment. They put backdoors in everybody's equipment, as does the NSA and, where they can, GCHQ, the GRU, and Mossad. It's surprising any cellphone still works with all the backdoors in the baseband processors, completely invisible to (e.g.) your Android kernel running as a contained guest. My best guess is that this is about competition with local makers of equipment, which it is much easier to hide NSA backdoors in, and easier to keep Chinese backdoors out of. Or maybe just competition with local makers, in general. The US State Dept has been caught many times with their thumb on the scales on behalf of US exporters, such as taking countries to court to stop anti-smoking campaigns. France was similarly caught spying on behalf of Airbus, vs Boeing sales. That is f'ing brilliant! And I'm no sock puppet. Yes, that's the bad feeling all right. Classic anti-pattern. This is not about naming or formatting. This is about the prevalence of what are commonly called "setters and getters", that are a fairly reliable indicator of poorly thought-out design. You can learn something here, if you pay attention. In a sound design, objects more usually get their attributes at construction time, and keep them until they are destroyed. When something needs to change, from outside the object, it is usually better to make another object. Of course an object can still have mutable state, altered by member functions that do actual, useful work, but they have no use for setters and getters -- they have direct access to the member data that needs to change. The key here is that the public member functions should be doing useful work for you. Just mutating primitive state is noise. If the object doesn't abstract anything, it isn't earning it keep. Another indicator of bad design is public virtual functions. Hawai'i was already occupied before the population Cook met arrived. Like the Chatham islanders (still present when Cook landed, before the Maori learned of them), they were mostly wiped out. In Hawai'i only legends of "menehunes" remain. A similar process happened in England and Ireland, with Gauls displacing the Picts ("pixies"). The Gauls of Britain and Ireland lost their culture and land to Nordic invaders, but stiil represent much of the genetic heritage there. The "menehunes" arrived via the Marquesas. The present Polynesian population came from Tahiti or Fiji, although all ultimately trace back to Taiwan. There is some evidence that islands closer to New Guinea were populated more than 20,000 years ago, before the present population swept in. Japan adds an interesting footnote: the samurai are said to retain a much higher proportion if Ainu genetic heritage than typical Japanese. This observation is not popular in Japan. Everyone seems to assume that eBPF program source is C. But LLVM is happy to generate code from IF produced from other languages, notably C++ and Rust. It would be unfortunate if BCC fails to make available improved ways to express eBPF programs. People have asked me why anyone would code small program fragments like eBPF in C++. The short answer is that C++ enables better encapsulation of semantics, particularly those useful for a whole collection of eBPF program fragments. Once you find a use for eBPF in one place, you are likely to notice many other places. Bcc (and maybe Bpftrace?) would be a good place to park C++ abstractions useful for any eBPF program fragment. What makes "pure" a notable or (presumably) desirable quality? If bits of it were in C++, and that made it faster, how would that make it less useful? I.e. All you people who insist on carrying eavesdropping devices near me are a threat to my privacy. All of you people who persist in posting to FB and tagging pics I might be in are a threat to my privacy. Yes. It is a problem. Yes. Ultimately the main purpose of any surveillance system is extortion. Nudies are not relevant to the topic. Evidence of crime or other compromising behavior is. It doesn't even need to be about you. It could be about your parent, child, or sibling. What judge wants to risk exposing a relative to prosecution, even if the relative would be acquitted? If you wonder about inexplicable judgments, consider the possibilities. The CO2 cost to make a panel has to be much less than the amount saved by using the panel for a shortish while, because making CO2 isn't free, and would figure into the price of the panel. Your first paragraph contradicts the rest, I assume by accident. Transmission losses are not negligible, so power generation generally needs to be near people. If the power could be used to create and concentrate ammonia, much of needed generation could be shifted to farms. Of course farms have other uses for sunlight, so wind is a better choice there. Generating ammonia with wind power eliminates the problem of intermittent availability. You only produce ammonia when there is power for it. The wood has lots of hydrogen in it that is burned off, leaving most of the carbon. Biochar can be produced (and is) by burning off the hydrogen. This is done by restricting oxygen availability, which the hydrogen preferentially bonds with. When the hydrogen is used up, you are left with charcoal, which powdered and mixed into the soil improves it wonderfully. Look up "terra nigra", invented in the Amazon basin. The Sahara desert is already being reclaimed at a remarkable rate by the people living at its edge, just to get more farmland for themselves. The more trees you have, the more precipition is collected. Many places we think of as ancient deserts were climax forests in historical times, such as Petra. It became desert when too many trees were cut. Couldn't say. Every. Single. Thing. It would be more meaningful to get a list of the two or three things that don't suck. Bananas. LEDs. Maybe cats, on a good day. This definition of a "family" is a problem. It is how Americans define the term, and administer resources, but it has never in previous history been an meaningful description. It is a problem because it is a very fragile construct. The definition we evolved with is what is lately called the "extended family", stripped of significance in the modern US. Its fragility is a consequence of the small number of roles and participants. One health problem is an instant crisis. I wonder about the schedule for TLS 1.3 support. Ethane is shaped like a puppy. That's all, thanks for reading. We could call Chicago School's thing the Invisible Boot. To me this looks like a success story: mainstream linux distros have caught up to where SL was, or close enough, so that the marginal benefit of maintaining SL is wearing thin. Maybe they are even surpassing SL in some areas. There is no such language as C/C++. There is C, which cannot be written safely, and there is C++, which can be, and quite often is. It has been many years since I shipped a memory bug in C++. It is just not a real worry for me. I am constantly dealing with design, specification, and logic flaws, which affect Rust equally, or moreso. I am aware that there are plenty of other programmers out there, writing bad code in what they would call C++. I would like them to write good code. If it takes Rust to make them write good code, so be it. But if they began writing decent C++ code, that is just as good. The threshold is not zero memory errors. The threshold is many fewer memory errors than logic or design errors. The more attention your language steals from logic and design, the more of those errors you will have. Such errors have equally dire consequences as memory errors, and are overwhelmingly more common in competent programmers' code, in C++ and in Rust. C++ is (still) quite a substantially more expressive language than Rust, which is to say it can capture a lot more semantics in a library. Every time I use a powerful, well-tested library instead of coding logic by hand because it can't be captured in a library, that is another place errors have no opportunity to creep in. So it's great that Rust makes some errors harder to make, but that is no grounds for acting holier-than-thou. Rust programmers have simply chosen to have many more of the other kinds of errors, instead. Every programmer who switches from C to Rust makes a better world; likewise Java to Rust, or C# to Rust, or Go to Rust. Or, any of those to C++. Switching from C++ to Rust, or Rust to C++, is of overwhelmingly less consequence, but the balance is still in C++'s favor because C++ still supports more powerful libraries. You might disagree, but it is far from obvious that you are correct. That doesn't make C++ a good language. It just is one. Rust is also a good language. Trash-talking C++ does no one any good. Overwhelmingly, the substantial gains to be made are moving people off of C. Every other possible benefit is a rounding error. It is still much easier to get people to C++. Once dislodged, they might continue on to Rust, or br seduced by C++'s greater expressive power and more powerful libraries. Either way the world will be better. C++ today seems weighed down by legacy cruft, compared to Rust, but Rust is rapidly accumulating its own legacy cruft. By the time it is mature it will have easily as much of its own. By then Rust will also seem a cobbled-together relic, and you will be chasing the new hotness. In the meantime, we are writing the code that makes the world work. In C++. By then, many will also be writing it in Rust, and you will be sneering at them, too. It has always bern easy to sneer at people busy making things work. The whole point of C++ is that it enables writing more powerful libraries, capturing semantics in libraries that can then just be used. C++ is still quite a lot more powerful for this purpose than Rust. Rust will get better at it, over time, but it has a long way to go and C++ is not siiting still. Rust is still a niche language, and if its rates of adoption and improvement do not keep up, it will remain a niche language, and fade away like Ada. I cannot imagine a serious programmer switching from C++ to Go. If you can, you have a much livelier imaginary life than I do. Lots of languages have been around a long time without attracting billions of lines of code. To get that, the language must be unusually useful. If C++ is the new Fortran, Rust might very well be the new Ada. Many of the same relative merits were claimed for Ada as for Rust, and it had the backing of the biggest and best-funded organization in the world, but it faded from view because it did not keep up. Rust could easily go the same way. This is very definitely false. That is totally UB, launch-the-missiles stuff. Check your references before you repeat this silliness. It is a legitimate C killer. C++, not so much. This is not, in fact, the case. Back when Rust was begun, it had some merit, but C++ is a rapidly moving target. C++ still does not have an absolutely safe subset, but it has a safe-enough subset, and plenty of other merits that will ensure its continued competitiveness. Rust will continue improving, too, and someday may be as expressive as C++ is today, or perhaps even as expressive as C++ is then. That will be a good day, although by then some other language will be on the rise, its users hoping to displace C++ and, given enough luck and hard work, Rust. V could be interesting. Yes, banging on about memory safety sells Rust short, and drives away exactly the people who would benefit most from improved memory safety. The language is just overwhelmingly better to code in than C, or Java, or C#, or Go. If the compiler were to be made fast -- and there is nothing like a fast compiler coded in your language to advertise its speed (and the reverse!) -- or anyway JITted, with a REPL, it could replace a great deal of scripting. The comparison to C++ is much less compelling. Rust fans like to lump C and C++ together, but in modern C++ there are few temptations to memory unsafety. (They might be misled by crufty Mozilla code.) Meanwhile, the greater expressivity of C++ enables more powerful libraries, and each use of a good library eliminates many more than just memory bugs. Somebody should tell all the people made homeless by the banking crash of 2008 how uncrashable the banking system is. No, move constructors are never allowed to call the moved-from argument's destructor. Ever. Sometimes the compiler calls that destructor after it has finished the move, if the thing is no longer in scope. That should not be confused with a thing happening in the constructor. In five years it might be just barely a niche language. In ten, if it catches on, it won't be. If it does, its users will have come over from Java, C#, and C. >Can you write down the algorithm that you use to avoid writing memory bugs? Can you teach others how to do it? Yes. Code using powerful libraries. Every use of a powerful library eliminates any number of every kind of bug. Rust has not caught up to C++'s ability to code powerful libraries, and might never. C++ is a moving target. C++20 is more powerful than C++17, which was more powerful than 14, 11, 03. There are certainly niches for less powerful languages. Rust is more powerful, and nicer to code in, than many that occupy those. It will completely displace Ada, for example. So, so much better. Nowadays we "use" what has been called "rule of zero". Write a constructor if you maintain an invariant. Rely on library components and destructors for all else. He rolls his eyes at "hierarchies". Libraries do make the difference. Somebody else interjected Design Patterns. You can define a design pattern as a weakness in your language's ability to express a library function to do the job. Yes, I know how you code are obliged to code at Google. It is astonishing that anything works. The "strictly enforced style guides" strictly enforce '90s coding habits. This is not about "expressive freedom" vs "constraints". Rust lacks many of C++'s key core language facilities to capture semantics in a library. As a consequence, you cannot write powerful libraries in Rust that you can in C++, and you cannot use powerful libraries such as are written in C++. Since you cannot use these powerful libraries, you are (if you like) "constrained" to write fragile code at what would have been the call site. Each use of a powerful library eliminates all the bugs that would have come from not using one. Those are bugs that Rust designers have elected to keep, in exchange for the memory-use bugs that we largely eliminate, in C++ code, by reliance on powerful libraries. Powerful libraries eliminate many, many more bugs besides memory misuse. If I find a Rust program that is (perforce) not using powerful libraries, can I be confident that it does not harbor grave errors? Certainly not. Rust takes aim at memory errors, and misses the rest that would be avoided by encapsulating bug-prone code in libraries. C++ enables capturing bug-prone code in well-tested libraries, eliminating whole families of bugs, including, in my recent experience, memory bugs. That is not to say all C++ code is bug-free. Google and Mozilla code, by corporate fiat, is forbidden to participate. People who don't like GC will not move to Go. This is the classic False Dichotomy. Rust programs have bugs. Rust programs have security bugs. Are they mediated by memory usage bugs? Probably not, unless the program has unsafe blocks, or uses libraries with unsafe blocks, or libraries that use libraries that have unsafe blocks, or call out to C libraries. Or tickle a compiler bug. Can it leak my credentials to a network socket as a consequence of any of those bugs, memory or otherwise? Putting your memory errors in unsafe blocks may make them invisible to you, but that does not make them go away. So, yes, of course it can. Could you write a Rust equivalent of the STL, or its modern cousin Ranges? That's just one library (as of C++20), but if Rust is not up to that, there's no point in going further. Chrome, like Firefox, is not an example of modern C++ code. Google's and Mozilla's coding standards enforce a late-'90s style. It is astonishing they get it to work at all. I see that you did not understand my question. I see, too, that there are plans for some support for generics in the near future. So the answer might become yes, in time. Rust macros understand types now? Woohoo! In other news... Immigration court mass-hiring crooked judges. pcap files are all very well, but I want to run eBPF in the NIC and exfiltrate pcap to a user-space ring buffer. It doesn't seem like eBPF has access to the DMA bandwidth I think I need. Am I wrong? We can still hope. Give it time, it will pass. Proprietary software companies are equally likely to fail, and take the source code down with them. Free Software (and, to a lesser extent, Open Source) are less risky than proprietary software. The absolute number of NICs needed by HFT is quite small, but they have enormous amounts to spend on customization, which can drive product development for others. Yes, netronome runs the eBPF on the NIC, where they have a bazillion cores. That is better than running it in the kernel, for some uses. More a religion, in practice. But "paradigm" is not well-defined, so you can't really say anything is or isn't. Easy guess, everybody's is a bounded context. But if you want a closer analogy, I don't like being taxed for roads that wash away and need rebuilding every year, or every rainstorm. It happens that I do live off such a road, and am. This article is probably too nuanced to be perceptible to HN readers. Ultimately, though, it comes down to a principled, "who are you calling cis?" If your worldview depends on distinguishing yourself from two uniform "cis-gendered" populations, you are doing the same violence to each cis person that "they", collectively, are doing to you. What makes it nuanced is that, collectively, "they" are, but you are not collective enough to do it back, wholesale, and nobody, particularly, is one of "them". Meanwhile, doing it back, individually, is just abuse for being a more cissy than you. The only person who can legitimately put someone in a box is that person, whether the box is queer, female, male, or what-have-you. Even those so deluded as to try to keep to a box deserve, anyway, as much respect as they offer, and probably a little more because everybody has bad days. But we don't know, for most people, how boxed they are, or how much respect they accord others, without more context than we usually get. There does not seem to be anything here specific to the Librem 5 (or any other number) or even to phones. It mentions Gnome in passing, but that mainly runs on other things that bring much larger pools of potential users. Maybe it should suggest developing for the desktop and tablet first, and then adapting the successful project to the phone afterward. Or, just adapting an existing project. How fortunate it is, then, that I have been dedicated to engineering for more than three decades, and know the difference between sewer pipes and what is in them. Everyone experiences dehumanization at times -- as you note yourself, riding a bicycle can suffice to provoke it. Either being treated as "other" is violence, or it's not -- who you are does not determine whether you get to complain of it. Everyone acknowledges that many of the people you are calling "cis" tend to keep to the same boxes as you have put them in with your own comment. Not all do, though, including the author and me, and I doubt she would relish you putting her in one any more than I do. Considering how much anxiety 'spergies suffer, it is astonishing how few ever get prescribed sertraline ("Zoloft"). I can say here it worked a near miracle, for my son. This was after a quack was trying to put him on antipsychotics. "Criteria" is plural. The singular is "criterion". I shall assume by the above that you will welcome the correction. It's all very well to prove they would not have been useful as cells in a battery for electroplating, but it gets us no closer to what they really were meant for. You don't need a copper jacket or iron rod to store a scroll in a sealed jar: you just need to seal the jar. So there are three numbers: the expected expansion based on Planck measurements of a historical value based on cosmic microwave background, red shift of distant supernovas calibrated to nearby Cepheids, and an independent value obtained from LIGO based purely on gravitational waves, which still has uncertainty that encompasses both of the others, but will sharpen in coming years. The LIGO measurement is not subject to vagaries of electromagnetic effects that could be introducing anomalous redshift, or to possible systematic changes in supernova brightness, such as might be caused by metal concentration of stars decreasing with distance/age. So, if we just wait, LIGO will give an answer. Possibly, a third answer. If so, we will then have two problems, or maybe three: explaing why the Planck prediction is off, explaining why supernova brightness and/or redshift is off, and maybe even why LIGO is off. No. It is in a discursive style appropriate to the topic. Not what you find in textbooks, but not everything needs to be like a textbook. I'm afraid you completely missed the point, probably by trying to read it too fast. The author is pursuing flavor, not expeditiousness. Re-read it as a thing that tries to convey the pleasure in the activity of reading, beyond whatever value there may be in the data being propagated. What they never mention in these breathless articles is that your multi-billion-dollar tokamak power-generation system will be bathing itself in high-energy neutron flux, essentially destroying itself over only a few years, leaving a multi-hundred-ton radioactive husk to be somehow disposed of, or at least kept the rain from eroding and leaching radioactive slag into the water table. Probably they would need to be built underground to begin with, so they would already be buried when they have been used up. The pB reactor designs that emit mostly charged particles do not suffer from this problem, much, but get overwhelmingly less investment. There is a reason: the main purpose of the tokamak is a jobs creation program for high-neutron-flux physicists, to maintain a population to draw upon for weapons work. There was, and is, no intention ever to actually use tokamaks as an electrical-energy source. Many involved will not agree with this. It is easy to get caught up in the technical challenge and leave worrying about practicalities and true motivations to others.