I don't think it should be about blame at all. It's about identifying causes, so you can fix stuff and prevent it from happening again. You can't blame any individual black or white person for what happened, unless he was personally involved in it. But you can identify what happened in specific communities and sub-communities in order to understand the processes at work. If you don't want to do that because some communities happen to be dominated by certain skin colors, you'll never understand exactly what happened. And let's face it, in the US, skin color matters. It might not be right, but for cultural and social reasons, many people do tend to hang out with people of the same skin color, however silly that may be. I love these kind of projects. We desperately need independence from the Visa/Mastercard monopoly over international transactions. I very much like the 0-click results from DuckDuckGo. But if you want something else, Qwant ( http://www.qwant.com/ ) has something similar. (Possibly even better; I haven't compared it yet.) I don't think it's reading the books that people object to; it's giving money to someone who may use it to campaign against basic human rights. Linux was never intended to be truly innovative. It was intended to be a free/open unix. There was a strong demand for an open source unix that could be expanded upon, and there was none, until Linus released linux. There was minix, which was a lot more innovative (microkernel), but Tanenbaum wanted to keep it strictly for educational purposes, simple and easy, and didn't want to turn it into a big system with all the bells and whistles that linux got. Had FreeBSD been released earlier, that might have had the position that linux has now. Sounds prone to crashes. This is not a modern lens. People back then also called it bad. I remember when Windows 95 was released, people mockingly called it MacOS 89, RiscOS 88, or AmigaOS 85. The line between really great and really creepy is very thin here. Yes, I too would vastly prefer working in a diverse work environment that includes women, over working in a place that doesn't hire women on principle, or does hire them, but they quickly flee. But I would not want to work in a place that treats women as a commodity, or tries to attract male programmers with them. It's a matter of attitude, and that attitude does show in the way you present this as a perk. They can't outright refuse to handle DMCA requests, but they can stop automated handling of such requests. If I understand correctly, big content holders get special tools they can use to remove infringing content from some Google services (YouTube at least; not sure about search results). If they abuse that special access, Google can take away these privileges and double check everything manually. That takes a lot of time, and means that the infringing content will remain accessible for a longer time. Ah, but didn't the US also pioneer secret trade agreements? I can see FB and Google splitting into a US-based main company and an EU-based subsidiary. EU users will be handled by the EU company and US users by the US company. Exactly. Friendly communities attract more people. Linus gets away with it because there's tons of people who want to work on his projects, and he can afford to alienate some talent. Others don't have that luxury. I've heard of plenty of people who prefer one language over another because of the nicer community. Eventually that should mean that projects with friendly communities are more successful. I thought it was about coke, which is normally white, as far as I know. (No personal experience.) I always thought the fear of Lyme was exaggerated (though I'd learned to remove ticks carefully). But this spring, a niece got a really bad case of Lyme. Spent a long time in the hospital, and is still recovering. I don't know all the medical details, but I suspect she'll have to learn to live with aching joints for the rest of her life, which is hopefully a long time; she's 8. The people need a third party to switch to. The current two-party system leads to a serious lack of democracy. Back in 2004, I had 200 sites open in Opera. Worked fine on my Pentium II except for closing Opera, which took 15 minutes. Nowadays I use Chrome, Firefox and Safari on two different machines, and they all have multiple open windows each with dozens of open tabs. I'm pretty good at bringing any machine to its knees. My biggest problem was when Safari gave up and decided not to remember what was actually in those tabs. That sucked. Or at least, it felt sucky at the time. I have no idea what was in them either, so I don't really miss them. I suspect it means there's something on the Internet that I haven't read. To me, Americans with III after their name always look like they're pretending to be royalty. Where I live, only monarchs have that (and only after their first name). But some say it better than others. Fortunately this is more than compensated by the extreme rise in wages for CEOs and other high management positions. ACLU does quite a bit more than just support gay marriage, though. If they do a lot of things you think are great, and a few you're meh about, it's still good to donate. The people who donate primarily for the gay marriage fight don't get to earmark their money either. If there was ever any remote chance of me visiting the US, this definitely kills the last remains of it. Please, please fix your country. (Because I really do want to visit. Just not while it's this broken.) Exposing crimes by the government is good, no matter how illegal it is. I agree entirely with the article that Bezos' claim that he'll resist threats of being put through the wringer sound a bit hollow considering he caved to a simple request. Yes, it was perfectly legal for him to pull Wikileaks. However, that fact that he pulled Wikileaks when he didn't have to (there was no court order or anything like it), showed that he isn't the big defender of free press that he claims to be. Wikileaks was publishing on US war crimes and various secret shady dealings by various governments. Illegal or not, it's stuff that needs to be published. Bezos removing it before he was court ordered to, definitely counts against his credibility as a defender of the free press. > may have bought the Washington Post simply because he hated backing down in 2010. Interesting perspective. I hope it's true, but if it is, I'd appreciate if he said so. The US government seems to think the entire world is basically the American Empire. Everybody can handle their local issues as they see fit, but they can't make any demands of the US, no matter how reasonable, and they have to obey any demands from the US, no matter how unreasonable. Only the US, its interests, and (to some extend) its voters count. The US is Rome while we're Gaul. We're fine as long as we accept their supremacy. But the US is becoming increasingly oppressive. The Snowden case is just one of many examples of that. There are a lot of people in the US who'd like the US to be equally oppressive. Really, not the best of examples here. On the whole, it seems that the US is somewhat less oppressive than Russia, but a lot more than most European countries. Particularly disgusting is that many European countries haven't condemned US behaviour regarding Snowden, and even seem willing to act as US vassals. I guess I should also keep an eye on UX gigs then. I'm a programmer and tended to ignore UX positions because I figured it might be a whole separate discipline. But I can do javascript just fine. (I'm not much good at graphical design, though.) And I'm sure they'll figure out ways to make it more addictive. I've felt like this at every company I worked for, and not just at startups. At the start, I'm learning tons of new stuff, solving new problems, growing a lot of lots of different ways, and that gives me energy to put in way too much work. Eventually that slows down; I've seen those problems before, it's just another feature on some thing I've already worked on, and it starts to feel repetitive. I just need something new every once in a while. I thrive on change, apparently. (My brother doesn't; he's been working at the same company forever.) The problem is: I never get around to my own projects; when I started at a new job, all my energy goes into that. When it turns into an old job, that extra energy is gone. I never have the surplus energy for my own stuff. > I always feel like "just another dev", bored and ultimately like my potential is being cut short. I always had that too. Especially about the potential; I knew I could do so much more than I was showing at all the companies I worked for, but I had no idea how to show it. I quit and became a freelancer. Messed about with my own projects for a bit, did some small freelance work, and now I'm at a big freelance job at a company that's larger than any I'd worked for before. And from day one, I'm contributing beyond what I normally contribute. I'm taking on leadership roles that I normally wouldn't. I make more strategic decisions than every before. I don't know if it's that this company has just the right culture for me, or maybe it's that ultimately I'm a freelancer and my own boss, and therefore I feel far more responsible for my work. I want to sell myself and keep selling myself through my work. Or maybe it's because starting my own company forced me to step way outside my own comfort zone; I have to negotiate contracts, hire an accountant, decide how to invest in myself; I need to think business, and that doesn't come naturally to me, but I do it. And maybe that's what gives me the confidence to take more charge, take more initiative, and keep moving forward in my every day work. And I've got plans inside this large company (my client) beyond my current project. I see ways in which I can mean more to them, help them with more fundamental organizational problems; I see ways in which I can make myself more valuable (and thus more expensive) to them. Whatever it is, I love it so far. And when I stop loving it, I'm free to do something entirely different. I'm my own boss. > you chose to jump into nothing rather than parlay your way to something else. Seems a little impulsive. Impulsive is a red flag Sounds impulsive, but doesn't have to be. It's possible to make that jump after long and thorough consideration. It took me years and a couple of jobs before I finally dared to quit and start my own thing. Not everything I did with my own thing worked out well; spent a lot of time finding my own way, wasted a lot of time, made almost no money in my first year. I did some freelance work, now working on a bigger freelance gig, but I'm really hitting my stride now, and can't wait to go back to my own projects. I'm not a natural entrepreneur. It took me ages to make this step. Nobody in my extended family has their own company; they all work for a salary. Nobody likes this kind of risk, but I love it. I love the freedom and the uncertainty. I love the risk. It was a tough decision, and it still seems impulsive compared to a steady salary, but it was the second best decision of my life. (The best was marrying my wife, but that one was surprisingly easy.) > Why would you quit without another job lined up? You must have a ton of money already saved to cover the rent and feed the children. If you've got children, you hopefully also have a spouse with his/her own income. I'm fortunate that my wife makes enough to pay the entire mortgage on just her income, so my money goes mostly to child care and various extras and luxuries. With a bit of savings we can make it for quite a while. If you're maintaining a family on a single income, then yeah, that kind of step is rather irresponsible. But if you live on your own, you'll have your hands free for anything. I've never had anyone ask about the gaps in my CV. Never. I've been unemployed after the dotcom crash. Nobody cares. Last year I messed about on some of my own stuff. Everybody thinks it's fine. They just want to hire me. Admittedly it's possible that my CV looks a lot more attractive than the average CV, but personally I wouldn't know why. It's possible the job market in Netherland is better than in the US, though. > You insult people who have experienced a police state by calling what we are experiencing a police state. I think you insult their experience much more by allowing your country to become a police state while denying what's happening. It's true, it could be far, far worse. But that doesn't change the fact that the US is rapidly moving into that direction. The fact that the executive branch and the legislature both support the police state, doesn't make it any less of a police state. Yes, you can call it something else, but a police state by any other name stinks just as much. On the subject of whether it's a police state, illegality is irrelevant. If the law makes it a police state, it's still a police state. He hasn't sacrificed his life in the sense that he's dead, but he has sacrificed it in the sense that he left behind the quite comfortable life he had back home. And if he gets extradited, who knows what kind of punishment he'd receive. He was willing to risk his liberty and possibly his life for his country. That makes him a hero by any reasonable definition. It's definitely becoming clear that the US stopped being a suitable country for companies interested in providing such services. Why does it have to be Paypal? They've already proven themselves unreliable in cases such as this. I don't know about coffee, but I've figured out when tea becomes a problem. There have been times when I drank 4-6 liters of tea per day. If I'd quit cold turkey, the next day I'd get a growing, eventually stabbing headache, nausea, and eventually vomiting. But it's very easy to kick: one or two days of drinking 1 or 2 liters and I'm fine. Even less might probably work; I've had times when I was worried that I didn't reduce my tea consumption in time, and I just drank some cola and was usually fine. (I don't like cola. I just drink it to ease down my addiction.) I never actually noticed any significant fogginess as far as I remember. With cafeine, going cold turkey is more likely to be accidental. You don't realize how addicted you are, go somewhere where you don't have access to cafeine (a weekend of sailing, for example), and on the second day the withdrawal hits you. Next time: bring a few cans of cola to drink during the first day, and you're okay. No idea. Though I do get a dry mouth quite easily. 2 liters of fluid is about the minimum per day (you need more if it's very hot). It doesn't have to be tea, of course, but I have a tendency to drink nothing but tea. Tea is often assumed to be utterly harmless and just as good as water, but I have my doubts that's still true at the volumes I used to drink it. Nowadays I drink just 2 or 3 liters. I basically drink per pot, and one pot is about 1 liter (depending on size). Always one for breakfast, one or two at work, and maybe one in the evening. Okay, so I guess it's 4 liters. Still better than the 6 it was. I believe tea leaves have more cafeine than coffe beans, but coffee tends to be made far stronger than tea. From what I understand, steeping your tea very short won't help much in reducing the cafeine in it; cafeine enters the hot water in the first half minute. You'd barely have any flavour if you steep that short. Make employees co-owners. Then they have more incentive to care, and their voice counts in the direction of the company. It's not just someone else's problem anymore. He's probably using social security and medicare more than defense. The chance that he gets sick or unemployed is probably a lot larger than the chance that the US gets attacked or significantly threatened. Knowing that you're covered in case anything goes wrong is enough to make the taxes worth it. > First of all the comment he was replying to was talking about services like housing, transportation, and healthcare, which already are provided by the market and aren't really things the government has any advantage in. As for all the stuff it does pay for, at best it costs exactly the same amount as you have to pay in taxes. But the government spends money on a lot of other things with your taxes that don't really benefit you. So you would save a decent amount of money. And with no competition, the services they do provide cost a lot more then they probably could. Healthcare is one area where a collective (i.e. by the government) approach has a definite advantage. Privatized health care and health insurance is a lot more expensive. The US has the highest medical costs in the western world, yet many people are lacking very basic medical care. The second most expensive country (at roughly half the cost per capita) is Netherland, where health care is semi-private, semi-government, and health insurance is private but regulated and compulsory in order to provide a uniform standard for everybody. And surrounding countries (where it's cheaper) have better health care at least in some areas. I don't have numbers, but I expect that the cheapest and highest quality medical care in the western world will be in some country where health care is strongly dominated by the government. > Everyone pays their taxes to avoid having their property stolen or going to jail. The fact that force isn't applied unreasonably doesn't mean it isn't there. Just like everybody doesn't steal from their neighbour or kill people who anger them in order to avoid going to jail. That doesn't mean there's anything wrong with taxes; it means we live in a civilized society with some basic standards of behaviour. > There are people that don't consent. At best you could say the majority consent. You can justify it by saying it's better than any other system we know of, but not that people consent to it. The same goes for any law. I'm sure there are people that disagree that theft or murder should be illegal. Or slavery, for that matter. And those are the extreme cases. For every law, there are some who don't agree with it. Should every law only apply to those who agree with it? Laws would lose their meaning. Can you name a country that has the system you want, and has it work better and cheaper than most of the western world? The US is the example of the most privatized health care, and it's almost twice as expensive as the #2 most expensive country. That #2 country has a semi-privatized system. Exactly. I have some doubts about Soylent, but the only real argument this article provides is: different people have different nutritional needs. Fine. So how well does normal food adjust to those needs? Who the hell tunes their food intake exactly to their needs? Do we even have the science to determine what your personal needs are? The vast, vast majority of people simply eat what tastes good. Or even just what's available. Some people try to stick what they think is healthy, but they often do that on a much narrower scientific basis than Rhinehart uses. Lots of people follow thoroughly unhealthy diets hoping to lose weight for a few months become they gain it again. Soylent, in contrast, is pretty easy to tune to your needs, once you're aware of them. You're not stuck with whatever the nutritional value in your favourite food is, you can actually tweak it (or let a qualified nutritionist do it for you). In the future, I can imagine Soylent dispensers that dispense your perfect mix when you insert your chipcard with your nutritional needs. So despite the author's dislike for amateurs, his only argument sounds to me like it's in favour of the direction Soylent is taking. Of course it's a play on the movie. Where do you get the weird idea that it might be unintentional? I don't know how they could have worded it better. More detail about the author: "Greg Stevens is an ex-academic and corporate mathematician who writes about science, philosophy, history, fitness, politics and the intersections between them." So he's every bit as unqualified as Rhinehart. He can't possibly have been unaware of the fact that the movie is far better known than the book. Even if he meant it as a reference to the book, he must have been aware of the movie. That 10% probably consists of candy for the kids and alcohol for the adults. I don't think anyone is arguing that Soylent could replace breastfeeding (though there are plenty of people who use something similar: formula). But for everybody else, Soylent sounds a lot easier to customize to personal needs. You can avoid allergens without losing the required nutrients, you can tune the amount of sodium and potassium to whatever you can deal with, etc. With normal food, you don't get that kind of fine-grained control. Wait, is your argument that because we don't know, we shouldn't try to figure out? This is my only real worry about Soylent. Most of the argument people make against it make little sense (including this article). The only thing I can imagine being a problem is the fact that our digestive tract is made to extract nutrients from stuff and poop out the remains. If we only get the nutrients without the crap to poop out, much of our digestive tract has little to do. And physiology tends to revolve around "use it or lose it". Astronauts living weightless for a significant time lose muscle and bone mass because they don't need it. If you eat nothing but Soylent for a year, will you still be able to handle normal food? That's really the only significant problem I can think of with the Soylent approach to eating. And it could be a serious one, though I suspect it's easy to mitigate by mixing the occasional real meal into the mix. I honestly have no idea whether 1% is good or bad, but which depends on a lot of factors: What's the chance that this company is going to make it? 1% of nothing is nothing. If they make it, how big are they going to be? 1% of $1 million isn't all that much either. But if they get bigger than that, it very quickly becomes very worthwhile. How much salary do you get? Equity can make up for low salary, but if your salary is okay, any equity is bonus. Titles are meaningless. I'm my own boss now. I could call myself CEO or Extra-Senior Architect or something. I just call myself Programmer. Absolutely. It doesn't matter much what your reason for the gap is, as long as you make it sound like something you were in control of. Something that you chose, based on your own life priorities. Don't sound like a victim. For some reason, this article is blocked from my work due to proxy avoidance. Somehow seems fitting. Gall-Peters clearly has the best PR, since it always gets mentioned as the primary candidate for a replacement map. And while it's definitely more suitable for getting a good "feel" for the world than Mercator, the enormous shape distortions still don't make it a very good map. There are better ones out there. Personally I'd prefer a map that emphasizes that the world is actually a sphere, rather than a rectangle. I also have a soft spot for Dymaxion, although I don't use Dvorak. I get the impression that calling it Peters instead of Gall-Peters is a good sign that the speaker is a Peters-evangelist, rather than someone who actually cares about cartography. I do, though not as much as I used to. Everything can be negotiable. But it's important to know exactly what your pull is in the negotiations. I recently negotiated a recruiter out of their standard contract for freelancers, and had them accept my proposal for a contract. This only happened for two reasons: there was some bad stuff in that contract that I really didn't want to agree to, and if they didn't sign a contract with me, I could go directly to their client. They had no power over me, and we both knew it. Good unions are great. For employees, for the economy, and even for the employers. I don't understand how American unions got so crazy and self-destructive (or if they're not, why so many Americans are convinced the are). You need to fix both of course. The broken political situation needs to be fixed, but communication protocols need to be improved too. And of course, as long as the current political situation in the US lasts, cloud services in the US cannot be trusted. Run your own server, or use a server abroad. I lot of people were hoping Obama was the start of a new direction. I'm now hoping he'll be the last of the old direction. The big problem to solve is: how do you elect someone different? As long as the two parties get to decide who American can elect, democracy is a hollow gesture. And the media are all in the pocket of the main parties. Honestly, it seems like only Al-Jazeera US might be the only independent news station. Thugs. That's the first thing in my mind. The UK government employs thugs to intimidate people and destroy property. This kind of subject makes it really hard not to Godwin the thread right away., because you know what other government used thugs to intimidate and destroy. That doesn't change the fact that the Guardian is standing up for press freedom, and they're doing it very well. I'm sure there are other newspapers that would have done the same, but that in no way lessens what the Guardian is doing. > This is not surprising since "pj" guards his privacy and anonymity. "Her". Pamela is a woman. I think the real problem is in your head: your anxiety about job interviews is sabotaging something you're otherwise perfectly good at. You need to be more zen about this. More laid back, relaxed, confident, or something like that. You've probably been raised with the idea that job interviews are Very Important. Let go of that idea. It's just a chat with another programmer who's equally ill at ease with the situation. Imagine you're just having a coffee, or maybe discussing something at a seminar or something. He's not the boss; you're equals. When he asks the wrong question, let him know. Suggest changes. Discuss what YOU want to discuss instead of letting him dominate the conversation. Of course it's still possible that he's inflexible about it. That tells you something about your prospective co-worker, and possibly the corporate culture. In a driving test, you still get to actually drive. A driving theory exam is a better comparison. My best technical interview was a take-home programming assignment. I could ask questions by email. After a week, I would present my work to the other programmers and they'd ask questions about why I did something a certain way. Best interview process ever, and that company had excellent programmers and the lowest employee turnover I've ever seen. The acquisition of YouTube isn't that recent. It's been thoroughly integrated with Google's other stuff for quite some while now. The problem is that they want to make G+ the center of everything, and that's a stupid assumption. I mean, I love G+, and my YouTube account now also sports my G+ avatar, but it's obvious that that kind of integration isn't for everyone. There are older examples of problems with G+ integration: a year ago or so, G+ had that stupid "normal name" policy, and people who used an unusual name had their G+ account blocked. And if your G+ account was tied to a GMail account, that was also blocked. But if you only had a GMail account without G+, Google didn't complain if your name was unusual. The main thing that sort of stuff accomplishes, is that it gives people a good reason not to use G+. They have their own domain name. How are they not distinct? If you used a single site for gmail, youtube and G+, integrating it all into a single service, then you'd have a point. But they're different sites, different services. It's nice if you can use a single account for them all, and if it's easy to move content from one to the other, but that's not the same thing. I think I'm going to trademark "software". Looks good. My old CV originates at Linkedin labs, which had some nice templates a few years ago. Using LaTeX is a particularly nice touch, because now I can tell recruiters that I really don't have a Word version of my CV. Now if only they actually start selling this thing in my country, I might consider buying it. Why do manufacturers insist on making their devices so slippery? My old phone (in dire need of replacement) is all rubberized steel. It doesn't slide off anything, and it's practically indestructible. Why doesn't anyone make a phone like that? They need to be more Lean! The post-lunch dip can also be prevented by having a healthier lunch with less carbs (especially sugar and highly processed carbs). Go for a salad with meat or egg, and whole grain bread if you really need bread. And not more than one piece of bread. This has helped me a lot. They're experimental. They're used for experimentation, not production. I'll tell that to my brother-in-law. He writes thrillers featuring a "corporate trouble shooter" specialized in "fortunate accidents" as protagonist, and he pretends to be his main character on social networks. This would be just perfect for him. Despite popular perception, there's more to Netherland than just Amsterdam. Some towns are quite a bit older. Some date back to Roman settlements. Still, building materials mean that buildings from before the 16th century are incredibly rare. Yeah, outright lies like that are definitely bad. But various recruiters have asked me to add some skills to my CV that I personally considered not interesting enough to mention. Like Scrum. I've worked in Scrum, and I love it. But I didn't really consider it a skill until recruiters pointed out that clients wanted clear Scrum experience. I've listed SOAP. Is it a skill? It's fairly trivial to work with. (Though I'm amazed some people manage to mess it up. Tools do everything for you. How do you mess that up? But somehow they do.) But I've got experience with it, so I list it, though I'm hardly a SOAP guru. I don't list Linux, because I'm no system admin. I do know my way around the command line, but everybody programmer can do that, right? Right? So I've got some skills listed that I consider fluff, but they're not lies. I consider them fluff because they don't really add much, and are certainly not on the same level as a language or framework, but I list them anyway because hiring managers care about them. I've never actually interviewed at a company that interviewed like this. Is this the usual way in the US? This is utter genius! Best product tie-in ever. Nice scrolling effects too. Almost enough to make me buy a KitKat. My browser can display the entire history and allows me to skip right to where I want to go. In Amsterdam, it activates the clicking sound for blind people. Very convenient if you're blind, I presume (I've never been blind for long enough to give it a try). When I was young, on my route to school there was a bicycle crossing that worked like this. Cars always have green unless there's a car approaching from the side street. Bikes always have red unless they press the button. So when I approach at reasonable speed and see that the cars have green, I have to stop, press the button, and then build up all that speed again. Nobody does that. Until there was a police car hidden just after that crossing. I suspect it was a very good day for fines. This isn't the Tesla of bicycles, it's the Tesla of mopeds. Bikes don't need a Tesla equivalent, and this isn't powerful enough to be a motorbike. It's a moped. Weight has nothing to do with it. Cargo bikes are heavier than that. But it's motorized and can go up to 65 kph, and that matters a lot. 49kg is not too heavy to be considered "a sort of bicycle". Modern cargo bikes can be up to 60 kg, and I suspect classic cargo bikes are a lot heavier than that, yet they're all "a sort of bicycle", just not a very fast one. What disqualifies this as "a sort of bicycle" is the fact that it's powered. Well, there are power-assisted bicycles, but they don't generally go up to 65 kph. Mostly, this is a kind of moped that wants to look like a bicycle. This is really where unit tests will save your hide. I never did any truly dramatic rewrite, but there was one project (fairly new, even) that had one very badly written, very badly understood module. I started out writing unit tests for it. There weren't any, so I wrote them until I had unit tests that tested everything. Those unit tests also document the behaviour of the module. So then I started asking people what it was really supposed to do. Then I refactored it into something more maintainable. Only after that did I change the unit tests to reflect the behaviour the module was supposed to have, and based on that I finally wrote the code we needed. The unit tests were my anchor in the storm. They keep me grounded. They mean I can do anything to the code, while keeping tabs on the impact my changes have. The main thing you can do is to not use PayPal. Unfortunately there's not really a good international online payment system. Netherland has the excellent iDeal system, and I wish the rest of the world would start using that or something indistinguishable from it. PayPal and credit cards are just too unreliable. That should definitely be illegal. Most of the phone market is very transparent. It's just the roaming charges that make them feel like a bait and switch. Higher monthly fees are better than roaming charges, because there's clear and transparent competition there. In my experience, shit code tends to start with a competent developer solving a problem in a way that seemed reasonable at the time, and then requirements changing, new features getting added, and everything is in a hurry so it never gets refactored. Well, sometimes I do see code that's really very bad and I can't imagine how someone was ever able to type something like that, but that's rare. Usually it's competent people with the best of intentions but as lack of ability to predict the future. I've been programming professionally for over 10 years, and when I see some weird code, I still try to figure out who wrote it and ask him before I change it. Often he admits it's shit and needs to be changed, or he just doesn't know anymore, but sometimes there was actually a very good reason for doing it like that. Those few times make it worth to never judge too early. Blindly assuming you know better is arrogant and will inevitably lead to problems. Discussing the underlying reasons will almost always teach you something. That's why you don't tackle this at the electromagnetic wave level, you tackle it at the operator level. Or maybe at the phone level. Shouldn't the phone be able to recognize and prefer a local cell over a foreign one? I mean, why does my phone prefer the crappy network that I have my crappy subscription with over the much stronger networks of the competitors? Why would this stop working when I'm near the border? The "Paradoxical Gears Explained" video shows a belt behind the gears. That suggests it's not really the gears driving each other. I use LibreOffice to create the invoice, a directory on my computer to keep my local copy, email to send it, and my bank's website to check whether it's been paid. It doesn't have to be any harder than that. Though I rarely send more than one invoice per month. If you send a lot, I can imagine some specialized software may pay off. For me, however, that would be overkill. Huh. That H9RBS.js sounds pretty neat. Can't believe I hadn't heard of it yet. I'll see if I can use it for my next enterprise thing. Almost every recruiter I talk to says they need an expert on some technology, and every time I says I'm not really an expert, and explain in minute detail everything I don't know about it. They're invariably impressed. Yeah, I always need to remind myself that recruiters are irrelevant. It's the client that matters, and the recruiter is just in the way. I wish they weren't part of the process, but I'm not sure how to get around them. > In MVC the views are updated when models change without the controller in between. Wait, does that mean Wicket is a MVC framework after all? I thought frameworks like Rails, Grails and Spring MVC were classic MVC frameworks, while Wicket was View-first (whatever that means), but in Wicket, View and Model update each other directly. I don't see him portraying Congress as anything like that at all. Those people use their money like that because Congress allows it. Congress allows it because voters aren't organized enough to vote them all out. Voters aren't organized for that because the media keep playing the tribal Reps vs Dems game. And I guess the media keep playing that game because there's profit in it for them. It's a vicious cycle that needs to be broken. Right for the job is very general. It's specifically the willingness to submit to abuse that makes someone right for the job. At least from the perspective of this kind of banking culture. Personally I'd feel safer if deals involving lots of money were conducted by well-rested, sane people. These kind of insane hours do not help your judgement, analytical thinking or productivity. I would much, much rather be a plumber or (especially) an electrician than something like a dentist. I'm really grateful there are competent people willing to become dentists, because I could never do that. Of course you could avoid the responsibility of the company by simply not hiring people, and raising your prices until the demand for your work fits how much work you can do. And that may leave you more time and money to do what you really wish you could do. Personally I became freelancer to work on my own ideas. I do paid jobs for others, but it's the time between those jobs that it's really about for me. Working for someone else, I never had that freedom. Now I do. It's not perfect, but it's pretty good. Even when referring to a child of unknown gender? Or a fetus? In Dutch, those are acceptable uses for it (or actually "het"). > with any degree of success there is also an automatic reduction in freedom because your responsibilities go up. It's not automatic. It's up to you to choose to what extent you want to exploit that success. If you want more freedom and less responsibility, hire less people than you can afford to, and take less contracts than are open to you. Stay small and be free, or grow big and be rich. I admit I'm kinda waiting for someone to say: "We're exactly like GMail/Dropbox/whatever but we take security seriously and we're outside US jurisdiction. Click this button and we'll migrate your data for you." I guess I just don't value my boring private data enough to put much work into this right now. But if I ever need a new cloud service, being outside the US will definitely count as a big plus. Yeah, usenet used to be the place where you could get any question answered (though often accompanied by a flamewar). I think I may have actually stopped using usenet around the time I started using Stackoverflow. (Really only 5 years? Unbelievable.) I don't get much rep for answers. I get it for asking the right questions. My rep still isn't fantastic (a few hundred), but it's good enough to give a bounty when I need it. It is your property, but it's not your sovereign country. You still need to obey the law of the country your property is part of, and that severely restricts what you can do with it. > Sold all his belongings, including said house, and travelled the world for a year with almost nothing... probably in 2k8 or so before such an idea became more commonplace. Has this really become more commonplace since 2008? People have always done this. Even before 2008. Maybe blogging about it is a fairly recent thing, though. Ages ago, I also had this idea, including posting about it online. But it turns out I'm a dreamer rather than a do-er. Or maybe I'm just too addicted to comfort. That's a matter of numbers. Lots of people die in unfortunate ways. I'd just rather not be one of them. While I'd love owning some land, owning an island is definitely in a different league. I doubt I'll ever own one (because it is impractical), but it's definitely something to dream about. If you get a moat, I'd also want a drawbridge. And walls. And towers. If they cleaned it up and improved it a bit, they might be able to sell it at a profit. I don't get much rep for answers because usually someone else has already given a better answer than I'm able to give. I'm just saying you don't actually have to know anything to get rep. You can get it for asking good questions too. (But first search to check if someone else has already asked the same thing.) No, it means there's a backup plan. The complaint was that it might only turn out to be adventurous and exciting for a little while. My point is merely that you can always get out again and spend the same money on something new and adventurous and exciting. You're confusing property with country. I don't see him trying to free his hands either. > This is violated by luxury goods. Louis Vuitton purses must be expensive, it's part of their "contract" with their customers. That's because the actual product you pay for isn't the bag itself, but a symbol of exclusivity. > - Steve Jobs, for Pixar and the early 00s turnaround at Apple. I'm afraid the case for Steve Jobs is stronger than that. He founded Apple and made it successful. Then, while others drove it into the ground again, he made Pixar successful (not to mention minor success with NeXT), then turned Apple from a company in serious trouble, into the biggest company in the world. By all accounts he was a tremendous jerk, but you can't argue with that level of success. While I'd love to live a thousand years (as long as it's in decent health), the big danger to society is obviously that it'll be the very rich that will live that long, and they'll hold on to their power that much longer. It creates an even bigger division between rich and poor. Imagine what the world would look like if the medieval elite were still alive today. It's good that the people in power die every once in a while. Not so much "taking over" as "being given in exchange for eternal life". They know how to make any deal attractive. I have no idea how much homework I used to get (Netherland in the '80s), because I never did any. I was lazy and got excellent grades anyway. Well, not for languages, where you did have to memorize lots of stuff (rather than rationalize, which I'm much better at), so I dropped my languages as soon as I could. My not doing any math homework did get me in trouble when I was 17 (5th class (penultimate before graduation) middle school in the Dutch system), because integration meant memorizing all those standard primitives and having used them a lot, and not having practiced them a hundred times meant failing grades for me. A year later math moved on to geometry and I got perfect grades and finished my homework during class for the first time ever. I think it would have been better for me if I'd learned to do my homework; I never really learned to work during school, which might actually be a more important skill than all the stuff it seems to be teaching. But reading 79 pages in a single evening? I hope it's a really easy book, because in anything moderately serious, that would take me a week. Oh yeah, required literature reading put me off of reading for a couple of years. (Until I discovered Terry Pratchett, i fact.) I still haven't looked at the demo yet, but the update in which it was announced said that the next step was to make a prototype/proof of concept with which to draw extra funding. That sounds like the demo isn't the promised prototype yet, and the prototype didn't get finished before money ran out. Also, I checked, and the original campaign didn't actually promise a prototype, it promised a game. A simple one, but still a fully functional one. But the wordt thing about the whole story is that they were silent for 5 months after they had promised to start working on that prototype. The update was definitely badly written. It makes them sound like naive, incompetent morons. Some more communication over the past 5 months and someone to proofread this particular update would have helped a lot. All kinds of funding come with some sort of commitment. If you want to do something else instead, you talk to your funders. They could have discussed this with their backers, but didn't. Android is Linux, but very clearly not "traditional Linux". "Traditional Linux" suggests to me the traditional distributions like Fedora, Ubuntu, SUSE, Debian, etc. It'll be interesting to see how much SteamOS will look like a traditional Linux. Considering the many Linux offerings on Steam, I suspect they'd like to have executable compatibility on that level, which Android probably doesn't have. But will it be as wide open as a traditional Linux? I suspect not. But how do you distinguish a self-signed certificate from a MITM NSA-signed one? Is it irony that Safari considers his $0 certificate unsafe, or did he simply get what he paid for? I'm really hoping they don't have to repay that debt. If it's illegal according to Nepalese law, then surely nobody can force them to pay up? If they will be forced to pay, that makes an already terrible and inhuman situation even worse. Israel is lacking in such rights as well. It's not exactly a shining example for the rest of the Middle East. > This site of mine is secured with a StartCom cert, and Safari has always been perfectly happy with it: https://mappiness.me My Safari can't verify the identity of that website. This is Safari 5.1.7. > For many small publishers like Roundabout, Amazon accounts for a large portion of sales, but the publisher realizes very little of the purchase price owing to Amazon’s discounting policies. This I don't understand. How is it possible that Amazon's discounts reduce the publisher's margin? Doesn't the publisher simply sell it to Amazon for what the publisher thinks is a fair wholesale price? Amazon can screw small bookstores by reducing their own margins to almost nothing, but surely they can't reduce the publisher's margins? If Amazon wants to pay less for the book, then surely the publisher can simply not sell through Amazon? So what use is it to tell people not to buy from Amazon? Maybe I just don't get how the book industry works. > So what they're saying is they are not confident that some degree of warming may occur within a huge band which may do something that sounds really bad (but they don't actually spell out the bad things) in the next 1,000 years. What? In the quote you included, they do spell out the bad things: the complete melting of the Greenland ice sheet, resulting in 7 meters of global sea-level rise. What's unclear about that? A bit more subtle is what that 1-4 degrees warming means. That's not how much they think the earth will get warmer, that's what they think the threshold for the complete melting of Greenland's ice sheet is. So if we manage to limit the temperature rise to 2 degrees C, there's a good chance it won't melt completely, but if the threshold turns out to be on the low end of the range, it might still melt. There's also nothing excessively alarmist about this. It's up-front about the 1000 year time scale. Also, don't blame the scientists for what less-informed alarmists are shouting. Though I agree that it would be easier to inform people if there weren't a ton of people shouting nonsense. > my biggest problem with AGW is indeed the fact that its predictions have an ever-longer history of not coming true. Are you saying that global temperatures aren't rising? Is the arctic icecap not rapidly getting smaller? I believe even the rising sea level is already measurable (though still small at this point). The predictions are coming true in a quite alarming fashion. > http://imagesup.net/?di=15138026329215 This is definitely sleazy. The monthly payment is not mentioned anywhere near the pricing info. The page is designed to look like you make a one time payment, and only at the very bottom of the sidebar (and you know very well that sidebars never get read) does it mention that they're charging you every month. It is obvious that many people will miss this. The creators of this site intentionally mislead their customers. You may not accept the word misleading, but everyone who knows what that word means, does. The page definitely misleads. It does try to position it as something other than a subscription: it tries to position itself as a regular sale. The entire fact that it is a subscription is hidden at the bottom of the light-grey sidebar. The language may be in English, but it's still light grey at the bottom of the sidebar, and not anywhere near the actual purchase and pricing info that you're agreeing to. "Are you sure?" popups don't provide any additional info. Explaining what you're signing up for does. Those million subscribes with very low churn rates, are they actually ordering new shoes every month? Or are they people that haven't figured out they're still paying every month for that one pair of shoes that they liked? How do you know they're happy? Have you asked, or do you simply assume because they haven't sued you yet? You're right that it's a tradeoff. It's a tradeoff between honesty and extra undeserved revenue. So how did that class action lawsuit work out? And isn't this more something for small claims court? You save a lot on lawyer costs that way. I don't see how they could offset reduction of mass in the arctic; they're different systems. Note that loss in sea ice doesn't lead to rising sea levels; it's land ice that matters. If Antarctica indeed has a net gain in land ice, then it would be interesting if that offsets the projected loss in glaciers on Greenland. Also relevant is to what extent it's really long term gain in land ice. > They haven't for the last 15 years, so that may be exactly what he is saying. I hear people claim that, but I can't find anything that backs it up. From what I can tell, average global temperature in the mid-90s was lower than today. Since about 2000, the rapid rise from before seems to slowing or halting, but it seems a bit early to say that this is a persistent change in the long term trend. The steep climb from before is undeniable. In other words, the last 15 years have still been a lot warmer than anything before. > Well, it's not. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2415191/Global-cooli... . Really? The Daily Mail? And you think a one-year fluctuation contradicts a long term trend? Had you actually looked into this subject, instead of clinging to some random image that seems to say what you wish to be true, you might have known that 2013 is still the sixth lowest year for arctic icecap size. And the other 5 are in the past 6 years. You think a random image proves anything, but the only thing it proves is your own ignorance on the subject. The arctic icecap is rapidly getting smaller. Do you know how high 7 meters is? It means that all sea dikes in my country need to be increased 7 meters in height (and a lot more than that in width and mass). Or else most of the country will have to be evacuated. Many coastal area (where most of the world's population lives) will be in trouble. Fortunately, 1000 years is a long time. I've read that Netherland will be able to adapt to a sea level rise of 1 meter in the next century (or maybe two centuries, which would already be a problem), but if it continues to rise at that speed, we'll have to figure out better solutions. In any case, it's going to cost a lot of money. Some minor investment now could prevent a lot of trouble in the future. But "apres moi le deluge" seems to be the reigning attitude. At this rate, 50cm is not going to be enough. And you don't slap it just on top, you have to widen the entire dike to make it stronger. No, we won't be the first place to go; that'll be the Maldives. And we probably can afford the extreme expenditure necessary to increase those dikes. But wouldn't it have been better to prevent that extreme expenditure in the first place? Here's another fine example: http://www.noconsensus.org/ipcc-audit/findings-detailed.php This obviously biased site conducted a survey of how well the peer-review in the previous IPCC report was. They claim it got an F, but when you look closely, all the chapters on the science of global warming got all A's and B's. It's the "what are we going to do about it" that gets the failing grades. But by presenting their results backwards, your first impression is going to be that the report is really bad. Cultural fit is a real thing. I've never been in a position to fire anyone, but I've often recognized the lack of cultural fit. I've worked at great companies with great co-workers and great CEOs, where I noticed I simply wasn't accomplishing as much as I should be able to, because of the way work was organized there. I saw others thrive in that environment, while I didn't thrive. At other companies, I noticed some others who were technically great at their job, not thrive due to the way the company worked, while I and others did thrive. I've left some companies because of that lack of cultural fit. But if an employee doesn't recognize the lack of cultural fit or is too afraid to leave of his own accord, it makes sense that at some point the employer fires him. And of course it sucks to be fired, and it makes you question all sorts of stuff. And the article addresses that. But it can still mean that you eventually end up at a better position where you do thrive. That doesn't mean every case of firing someone is justified, I'm just saying that "cultural fit" can absolutely be a real and valid thing. > If we were digging ditches, how likely would it be that you would fire an above-average ditch-digger, for "cultural fit"? Perhaps, if the above average ditch-digger never gets around to digging ditches because of the way the shovels are distributed. This is why it's important to oust both parties. Even if you think only one of them is the real problem while the other isn't so bad, if one of them remains, most people and media will remain stuck in the old Us vs Them culture. The system and everybody in it is toxic. They all need to go. SEEKING WORK - Amsterdam or remote Java, Groovy, Ruby, Javascript. Backend and frontend, but preferably the interaction between those two (AJAX, JSON). Backend: Spring MVC, Grails, Wicket, Rails, Sinatra Frontend: Javascript, JQuery, HTML5, looking to expand my experience with Angular, Backbone, Bootstrap. I enjoy working with complexity, business logic, architecture, and coming up with creative solutions where standard solutions fail. Linkedin: http://www.linkedin.com/pub/martijn-vos/0/99/727 Email is in my profile If you need them, by all means, talk to them. But if they need you, get a lawyer first. Inspiring. I definitely have a tendency to try to do everything at once n my private projects. I'm using 2 week deadlines to help me keep focus, but after those two weeks, I've got a few features of the project, not the entire thing. Getting a finished thing out the door every day would be a tremendous challenge. With my background, I should easily be able to do a single website in a single day, but I don't think I've ever done that (I've done it in 3 days once). Maybe I'll give this a try. Maybe just for two weeks. 8 simple but finished sites. I think he calls the 70s the end of the golden age, which was the 50s and 60s. Face-to-face tutoring might become as abundant as air when highly educated people with time on their hands and a desire to help or teach become as abundant as air. At the moment we already have plenty of people, but most of them aren't highly educated yet, and they need to spend all their time on stupid jobs that exist mostly because people need to have jobs. So more education and basic income could go a long way towards fixing this situation. At some point the turbines may have to be treated as part of the infrastructure, rather than part of the production. If you produce energy, you get paid for it, but also pay a levy depending on how well your supply fits the demand. The levy goes to whoever fills in the gaps. You don't need systematic birth control. Given enough education and good pensions, people tend to have a lot less kids. Give people enough education and security, and the economy may become a lot more sustainable. Solar is low output, but it requires very little infrastructure. What we need is to make it as cheap as possible, and then cover all roofs and windows with it. Anywhere you need electricity, lay down a sheet of solar cells with a battery, and you're there. It won't be entirely free, but with enough effort, it might get very cheap. Keep in mind that with a $30,000/year basic income, a $30,000/year job would make your total income $60,000. There's definitely an incentive to work. Especially when compared to welfare, unemployment benefits etc, because you lose those when you get a job. You don't lose basic income. You always get ahead by working, even if it's something low paid for only a few hours a week. But more than that, it's quite possible that boring, low paid, unattractive jobs will have to become better paid or more interesting if they're essential jobs, and they might disappear entirely if they're not essential. I think the quality of jobs is likely to increase because of this. I'm a big fan of basic income, and politically very much a leftist, but I also think basic income goes very well with a flat tax rate. If you consider progressive taxation as a high tax rate with a discount for lower incomes so they get enough money to live, then basic income, which provides enough money to live, can replace that discount. Just like it replaces welfare, unemployment benefits, etc. It's going to make social security and the tax system both a lot easier, and cut down a lot on bureaucracy. Because governments can always fund debt with new debt, the inevitable default can be postponed indefinitely. The main risk is that interest payments get out of control, which is what made Greece go bankrupt. Or, of course, that a country refuses to take on new debt to fund old debt, like the House is now threatening to do. Of course threatening to default is also likely to make interest payments spiral out of control. But if the country pays its debts in a timely manner and keeps total interest under control, it can keep this up forever. If someone outsources a job to another company, then surely it's that other company's job to keep their programmers motivated, right? If they can't do that, then that's a reason not to outsource to that company. The article sounds a bit like: don't blame Indian programmers for being bad, it's the client's fault for outsourcing to them. Personally I've worked with a few excellent Indian programmers. They worked on-site in Amsterdam. I later discovered that there was also a 20-man team in India working on the same project. I never saw anything productive come from them (the only time I even noticed them, was when someone checked their "My Documents" folder into SVN). The ones working on-site were clearly the cream of the crop, and I wouldn't mind working with them again, especially the one I keep running into at various open source meetups; he's clearly dedicated to his work. > Type annotations let you get the shape of the data structure out of your head and into code. This is by far the best argument for static typing I've ever heard. I'm not a big fan of static typing (mostly due to Java). I like Scala, but I think its type system is way over the top. For the most part, I care about rapid development, and you'll always need unit tests anyway, so they can also test your types for you. And Scala type matching in its builtin switch statements can always get my type back when I get handed an Object. With tools like that, I don't really need absolute type safety. But getting the shape of your data structures out of your head, that's definitely an advantage. Yeah, I hate those incomprehensible type signatures. Just give me an Object and I'll match with the type I need. That article explains duck typing badly. In duck typing, you actually test if it quacks like a duck. His example doesn't, and just blindly assumes it can quack. It works in other situations too. If someone makes a racist or sexist joke, ask them to explain, because you don't get it. It might be better for him to really start over from scratch. If he's alive, then doesn't he also have to pay his debts and his child support again? I'm a massive hypocrite. I don't use photos of my face as avatar on FB and G+, but I do share photos of my son. I'm a terrible person. She doesn't deny that she was discriminated. She just didn't notice at first, because it happened on a closed mailing list. And by the time she discovered it, she's already proven the bigot wrong. She's absolutely fortunate to be in that position, compared to other women who get more publicly demeaned, and don't get the opportunity to prove the bigots wrong. But it's also important that her story gets told, and that she doesn't get labeled as "the problem" simply because her experience is more positive than that of others. We need more women with positive experiences in tech. Denying the positive creates the impression that it's hopeless, and there's nothing good regarding equality in the tech world. The good examples exist, and we should see them as beacons, rather than deny their existence. In the end, I hope more women get to experience tech like she did, and more misogynists get their comeuppance. Learning Lua reminded me a lot of Javascript. They're both weird languages with a very similar object model, and they're both very practical once you get past the initial hurdles. They both have some issues, but they also have plenty of redeeming features. Online dating is certainly a lot less superficial than picking people up in a bar. I've read somewhere that a significant fraction of modern relationships (a third?) start online. And they tend to be relatively stable. There's clearly something to be said for discussion interests before looking at the picture. The unjustified MS hate is a remnant of the justified MS hate of the past, when they used shady business practices to force DOS and Windows down the world's throat. Nowadays they're fairly tame, however. It's time to treat them as any other tech company. But they're not forcing you to use Windows 8, do they? In the days of DOS and Win 95, they used every dirty trick in the book to force competitors out of the market. Nowadays they can't do that anymore. A lot of software that was only available on DOS or Windows is now available on Mac and Linux. And even if you do need Windows, Win7 works fine. I feel forced to switch from XP to 7, but that's not such a terrible move. I'll skip Win8, and maybe there won't even be a Win9. Same here. I feel like we've reached the end of the relevancy of Moore's Law. My PC at home is from early 2008, and it's still an excellent machine. It played all my games wonderfully, even new ones, even 3D ones. I can't imagine a game looking better than The Witcher 2. Actually, this isn't entirely true; a few months ago, my WinXP install started to play up, to I bought an SSD and installed Win7 on it. Now it runs better than ever. A recent OS helps a lot, as does a SSD. I can see one reason why I might still want to upgrade, though: The Witcher 3. I doubt it's going to run well on my by then 6 year old machine. But maybe a new graphics card is all I'll need. Or maybe it'll even just work. My Macbook Pro is a lot more recent, but it also feels like it might last forever. It can handle everything I throw at it. Why would I ever need something more powerful than this? If I want anything new from my computers now, it's stuff like smaller size, less noise, less power use, etc. They're powerful enough. Seasonic seems to have a pretty good fanless power supply. Those passive coolers generally still rely on some airflow. With no case fans at all, I'm told they won't be able to hold up under any decent load. It may be true in the US, it it hasn't always been true in some southern European countries. Spain has always been pretty hostile to bikes, but that seems to have changed. The difference between northern and southern Europe, or between different countries in Europe, can be pretty big at times. Netherland has had more bikes than people for as long as I can remember. In Spain, the few rare bikers would tend to get killed by cars. It's simple supply and demand. Lots of people want to live in the popular districts of big popular cities, but the supply is strictly limited (you can't simply build a ton of extra houses in an old neighbourhood in a city center), so prices go through the roof. You don't have to live there. You can commute. And if it gets too hard to find good people in London because both the rent and the commute are terrible, companies will eventually open offices in more fertile areas. Another factor might be that it's probably easier to admit you're illegally reading the bible, than illegally watching porn. The best interiew process I ever went through was pretty much like this. Of course they first check the CV, then a regular interview, and when that went well, I got a programming assignment. Something very simple, but in a framework I wasn't familiar with. Had about a week to do it in my own time, could contact them with questions, and at the end, I presented my code to the devs, who asked questions. Afterwards, the devs vote by email. I haven't heard of a better way to do it yet. In Netherland, the standard trial period is a month, during which you can be fired at any time for anything. I'm not sure it's legal to extend that trial period, but after that, people usually get a half-year contract, which won't get extended if it turns out they suck during that half year. There's a strict limit to how many temporary contracts you can get. Eventually, the employer has to offer a permanent contract. You can't let the employee live with that kind of uncertainty indefinitely. Only in some countries. In many countries, workers do have rights and can't be fired trivially. People need to stop using 1984 and Franz Kafka as instruction manuals. It depends on your point of view. Personally I've never been too happy about the state of JS code, so trying something different is absolutely a good thing. Is Angular the best approach? Is there even such a thing as a best approach? Probably not. Look at the proliferation of server side frameworks. They each have their pros and cons. I do like that Angular is a real framework, rather than a library that only gets called a framework. It handles all sorts of stuff for you in the same way serverside frameworks tend to do. Why Reddit? I think this trial week is mostly for hiring fresh out of college candidates. They can spare the week, and it makes sense there. It's not such a good idea for people who already have a job. Doesn't the article state that 34% don't make it? That's a pretty high failure rate for a trial period where both parties were already set on making it work. In Netherland, there's a legal 1 month trial period for any new job, but it's extremely rare that someone will be fired in that month. I'm amazed that people can live with only 2 weeks vacation. In Netherland, 5 weeks is the minimum (though it's rare for companies to go above that minimum), and personally I still don't think that's enough. As a freelancer I'm glad I can take as much vacation as I like. I'd expect some degree of confidentiality to be standard when government agencies inspect private stuff. The NDA shouldn't be necessary. The only real advantage a 20 year old has over a 40 year old is that a 20 year old body can survive insane working hours, skipped sleep, sleeping under the desk, etc. Also, they don't have families and kids yet. That's why some companies want 20 year olds. Edit: I'm 39, and I'm finally hitting my stride. I'm a far better programmer now than I was even 5 years ago. I see more value in accomplishing stuff in as little hours as possible. It's not about the hours, it's about what you get done. And once you get stuck, it can be more productive to leave the computer and get some sleep, eat, walk, take a shower, etc. The best ideas or solutions come to you when you're doing something else. To me, saying you work 60-80 hours means you're either doing something very simple, or you're not doing much at all. In Netherland it was like that when I was young, but in the '90s, shaven heads became very popular with no right-wing association whatsoever. I don't know. I got married during my 30s, so I have no need for dating. But at the same time, I'm way more confident and I'm sure I wouldn't suck as badly at it as I did during my 20s. I really wish I could simply buy an extra bedroom for $500 per month. But I'm afraid I'm really going to have to move. All valid points. Still, I'm inclined to take it simply to beat all the other people with the same name. I did get a startup allowance for 6 months, and I live in Amsterdam, the same city this article is about. Here's how it worked: My old employer went bankrupt, and as a result, I could get unemployment benefits based on my last salary quite easily. Anyone in unemployment can start a company while keeping the unemployment income for 6 months. You do have to write a business plan which needs to get approved. And the money you get is technically still for unemployment, so if it turns out you weren't unemployed, you have to pay it back. It's based on the money you make during the first year as an enterprise. Above a certain threshold, you have to repay the entire loan, below it, you have to repay proportionally. Still a good deal, because it gives you a lot of security, though it'd be nice if it was a bit more than 6 months. The article isn't about the current Swiss system, it's about replacing it with unconditional basic income. It wouldn't be uncinditional basic income if it didn't apply to entrepreneurs. Netherland has a system somewhat like that: you can keep your unemployment benefits for 6 months if you start a business while unemployed. If you're successful, it gets turned into a loan. I have honestly never heard of any of those fastest frameworks. I thought I knew a lot, but most of these are pretty obscure. It might not be related to skin color, but it is related to being poor. Or appearing poor, versus appearing respectable. I also think it depends a lot on the job. Jobs just above the low-end might have a stronger interest in filtering out the supposed low-lifes, than a job that requires a good education before you can even be considered. I can dress however I like, partially because the dress code for coders isn't terribly strict, and partially because my CV sells me much better than any suit could possibly do. On the other hand, maybe I would be able to get a better job if I wore a suit. But because my income is good enough, I can afford to ignore jobs that require nice clothes. But if you're poor, every step up is a step away from poverty, and you can't afford to ignore that. As for skin color, I think black people are still much more strongly associated with poverty than white people, so for them, avoiding the appearance of poverty might still be more important than for a white person of similar wealth. Anything to dodge the stigma. It would be awesome if HR people only ever judged people on skill, and not on appearance or presentation. But if there's one big takeaway from this article, it's that there really are gatekeepers that filter people based on whether they "belong". Faking that belonging can be incredibly important to escape the poverty trap. > without good decisions and hard work luck is wasted I disagree. Luck can go a long way. Ever heard of Paris Hilton? Do you see hard work and good decisions, or simply a big pile of luck? Or how about me? I'm a fairly successful programmer, making quite a bit of money as a freelancer right now. But I don't work hard, nor did I really make a lot of hard decisions. I just kinda wound up where I am. I just went with the flow. I'm lucky to be blessed with a good brain for programming, and to be born in an academic family that loved computers. My dad and my older brother are programmers, and I just followed the family trade. There were plenty of other things that I would have liked to do, but all of them would have required a lot more decision and discipline. This was the easy road for me. I wouldn't even know how to apply for a different kind of job. The only tough step I ever made, was to switch from being a salaried employee to a freelancer. That was seriously a really big and hard step for me, and one that I messed up quite a bit. But miraculously it all worked out tremendously well. I think a lot of people blindly assume a standard distribution (where medium and average are the same) because that's very often correct. I always have trouble finding nice fleece sweaters. The best, nicest looking ones I know cost €6 at a common low-end shop. I'd have no problem wearing that if I was a billionaire CEO. Not just for Africans/Nigerians. As a European/Dutchman I don't get to see it either. Sounds like a US-only party. Amazon sometimes also refuses to ship to certain countries. I remember when I tried to order something but couldn't find it on amazon.de or amazon.co.uk. I could find it on amazon.com, but they refused to ship. Very annoying. I'd like to get rid of these stupid borders. Exactly this. They're both fine, just not at the same time. Don't mix them. One big thing that always gets mentioned in any Thorium discussion is that originally, Uranium was chosen over Thorium exactly because it is inherently less safe; it can be used to make bombs, which is what all the nuclear powers were really interested in. So Uranium research got lots of government support while Thorium research was dropped. I'm no nuclear physicist, so I have no idea if Thorium really is inherently safer than Uranium, but if it is, I'm all for it. But if it is indeed safer and cheaper, and old tech that's been ignored for decades, then why aren't there new Thorium reactors popping up all over the place? Or are there? Is anyone still investing in the Uranium/Plutonium cycle? But is that also the same Lockheed Martin that's destroying the future US airpower with that stupid JSF idea? Because Iran and North Korea are a threat to the US in what fantasy world exactly? China and Russia matter. Iran and North Korea are just diversions. Norway was pretty important. Hitler wanted lots of coastline from which to send hidden submarines to torpedo British shipping. And Norway has lots of coastline with convenient fjords to hide stuff in. Denmark was important both as the gateway to Norway, and to control the gateway to the Baltic. With those two in German hands, they didn't need Sweden anymore. Netherland also expected to remain neutral, but was invaded anyway, because North Sea coast and close to England. I'm getting a bit tired of all the Thorium link-bait about that car. As far as I can tell, there's no working prototype, no working engine, nothing. Just some hope that this may some day be possible. So why does everybody keep repeating this non-news? I love Thorium as much as the next geek, but give me some results, rather than repeating the same baseless speculation over and over. I wasn't suggesting Iran and North Korea were friends. I was suggesting they lack capabilities. So even if I don't use a password hint, other people who use hints will still give away my password. Of course this is just an Adobe account. I don't think there's anything of value on there, is there? If it's random, you need to store it, and it becomes just as available on a leak. The salt still works though, because it makes all hashes different. You need to attack each password individually rather than tackling them all with a rainbow table or something. The approach from this article also stops working. What you use as a salt is fairly irrelevant as far as I can tell. If you want to get more security on top of that out of your salt, the only thing I can think is to add some security by obscurity on top: If it doesn't matter which field in the DB you use, just pick an unlikely one and keep secret which one it is. Might be id, email, favourite pet, or something else. Just don't forget to update the hash when the user changes that field. Cool! I've often imagined alien worlds that had nothing resembling plants or animals, and they invariably ended up with giant fungi. Turns out many of the craziest life forms we can imagine have already existed on Earth. My brother wrote the games, and I played them. I remember playing his tetris for hours on end because he wasn't aware that speed had to increase (he'd only glimpsed the original briefly). Someone should make something like this, but with tea. In a system without basic income, sure. Just like someone with a good job won't need government assistance. But the point about basic income is that it's for everybody. From millionaires to homeless. And even entrepreneurs can be poor. Businesses can fail. They need that loaf of bread just like anyone else. The idea of basic income is that everybody can afford that loaf of bread. There are no gaps in the system to fall through. Nobody gets to decide whether you deserve it or not. But to get beyond that loaf of bread (and some basic shelter and health care), you need to work. I'll be looking into ui-view. I need different view options. Finally! It is good news, I suppose, but we really should have been at this stage a long time ago. And emissions are still growing, just not as fast. We need to reduce emissions. Decoupling emissions from economic growth sounds great, but it's only slightly decoupled. We still need to get rid of coal as soon as possible. And the big economies need to have better energy solutions ready so the up-and-coming economies can use those, instead of their rapid growth sending coal use through the roof. I was expecting high end "professional" jobs. Vetinarian fits the bill, I suppose, but I was expecting surgeons and programmers. Instead, there's a lot of heavy industry and manual labor in the list. The note at the bottom says that this could be because some unions are terribly racist, but carpenter? Painter? You don't have to be in a union to work with wood or paint, do you? Or maybe you do. American labor laws are utterly nuts as far as I can tell, and this is probably yet another sign of just how insane they really are. You never know how it's going to develop. I once sold Apple stock after getting 40% profit in a few months. Should I have known that it would continue to climb for a few more years? Usually, getting out while you're ahead is a good idea. It's often better to sell to early than too late. While an increase in efficiency would definitely be nice, it's not a requirement for reducing emissions. If we manage to switch to emission-free energy (solar, nuclear, fusion, whatever), then the problem is basically solved. We could be as wasteful as we wanted without increasing CO2 emissions (though it may still have other costs of course). And we have the technology required for this. We just lack the political will. Of course going completely emission-free will still be hard, but if we could just get rid of all the big coal and oil burning plants, that would already make a huge difference. (Disclaimer: I'm no fan of Uranium fission, but it's still much better than coal. While I'd prefer to switch to something better than Uranium, a switch from coal to Uranium is still a vast improvement. If that switch is easier, faster and cheaper to make than a switch to something more durable, I'm all for it.) Continuous Integration is pretty common, but I have no idea what USP means. The letter makes the same mistake it points out in Monsanto critics: lack of sources. Basically, his argument amounts to: "I'm a good and smart person. Trust me." But his misrepresentation of the Galileo situation doesn't instill much trust in me. It is true that a lot of companies get called "evil" when the reality is a lot more complex and nuanced, but that observation by itself doesn't automatically make Monsanto one of the good guys. It is interesting that Monsanto apparently got rid of their chemical arm. Does that mean they don't rely on the sale of Roundup anymore? The claim that we've been using genetic engineering for centuries is one I see a lot, and it's false. As he points out immediately after, we have not been introducing totally new genes that never existed before. We've been breeding existing organisms and selecting for existing traits. It is the fact that it's a much slower process that also makes it safer; we get to see the effects of this breeding on a small scale before they get introduced on a wide scale. Monsanto's GMOs on the other hand often have a lot of unintended and unexpected side effects once released into existing ecosystems. (Like pests developing resistance to pesticides because those pesticides are not permanently available.) I understands he wants to continue to believe he's a good person while still taking that billion dollars, but I need a bit more evidence before I'm willing to accept Monsanto as a positive influence. I don't think he meant to cast any doubt on the work Climate has been doing so far. I think he's worries about what Climate might become in the hands of Monsanto. I hope Friedberg is correct in Climate remaining independent in its operation. Seed saving never ended. A lot of farmers all over the world still rely on it. The big problem with charging money for the approval of all kinds of seeds, is that it makes large scale commercial seeds a lot more attractive than smaller scale "heritage" seeds, and that creates a drive towards monoculture. If you ask me, projects to preserve seed diversity should be subsidized, rather than being charges the same costs as big commercial seeds. I'm far too insecure to force my taste in code on others like that. Though I find the Ascetics code utterly unreadable (is that why I still don't grasp Lisp?), and the Purist's code ridiculously over-designed. But still, if someone writes code like that and I'm not the one reviewing it, my instinct is to assume there's a good reason for it to look like that. If I'm reviewing it, you can bet I'll want them to explain why they do it like that, and more importantly: explain what's so wrong about the original code that it needed to be changed. I'm always annoyed by forms that make "state" a required field. Yes, my country does have provinces, but they're utterly irrelevant to any kind of address or other info. Cooperation may be hard, but it's also essential. When you see code that hurts your eyes, don't just fix it; discuss it. Set some standards together. Understand why other people write code like that. If everybody is constantly "fixing" everybody else's code, you're never going to get anything done. Understand the differences and find some common ground. That's the only way to move forward. There's really only one good way to validate email addresses: send a mail to it, and let the user respond to something in that mail. If you don't do that, it could still be someone else's email address, or an address nobody reads. If it's really that important, use it to check that it works. If the email is really that important, send a mail to it which the user has to do something with. That's the only way you can be sure it's the correct email address. > Just check for the existence of an @ symbol, at least. "At least"? That's pretty much all the client-side validation you can do. The next step is sending an email to it. The specification of what kind of email address is valid or invalid is horrendously complex. I've seen too many sites reject perfectly valid email addresses. Don't do this. If it contains an @, try mailing to it. Let the user respond to that email somehow, and you've got the only reliable email validation and verification that's possible. A surprising number of websites explicitly require easy passwords (though they call it something different). If you want a mix of uppercase, lowercase and numbers, with a length of 8-12, you're going to get Welcome01. Show them the message "an email has been sent to mbesto@ycombinator.com. Please click on the link in that mail to verify your address". Below that, a link "change email address". Now, when they realize they didn't get the email, they may notice the difference and they can fix it. If they're unable to type their email address, and they're unable to recognize a mistake in it, then I don't see what hope there is for them. The skyscrapers and bridges that are finished on time and on budget are the ones that have been built before. For physical structures, it makes sense to do the same work again, because then you have two bridges or two skyscrapers instead of only one. People can live in two different locations, and they can cross yet another river, which is useful. For software, if you need another copy, that's a trivial task. It's more on schedule and budget than any skyscraper or bridge could ever hope to be. Once built, we can use it everywhere. The only thing that requires any real effort, is building that very first skyscraper. I was under the impression that ammunition is not kept at home anymore, but they can quickly get it at a nearby barracks. Not fighting is more heroic than fighting for the nazis. With all the surrounding countries on the Axis side, I don't think they had any other options. There can be a lot of value in refactoring code, but you should always refactor to _reduce_ bugs, rather than introduce them, and increase maintainability, rather than obfuscate it. When I see terrible code and set out to fix it, I try to change it into what the author probably meant, rather than how I would have done it. And usually that's a lot faster, because I don't have to rethink and rewrite everything. And sometimes the ugly approach really is better. I've introduced tight coupling where loose coupling was causing problems. The components were never going to be used separate from each other anyway, and this removed a whole pile of complexity that we didn't need. The simplest way is often best. > It almost sounds like you are advocating a style of code ownership where programmers shouldn't make changes to other's code without talking to them. Talking to the person who wrote the code you want to change is always a good idea. It's not always possible (because the original coder has left the company or something), but if you have the opportunity, use it. You'll learn something. I do this all the time. Sometimes the answer is: "You're probably right. Change it." and sometimes it's "It's like that because of good reasons X and Y, and we also use this in another project that needs it to do Z." This understanding is very valuable, and can save you a lot of time. I did this right away when I became a freelancer. Registered my own company, which I understood to be necessary to send invoices. Got an office to work from. But I'm still a freelancer. Or an independent contractor, but what's the difference? It seems the author is unwilling to acknowledge the impact money has on satisfaction or happiness. But utility and happiness are two different things. I don't doubt that walking to work makes you happier, but you can't go to a shop and exchange that walk for a bigger house or a nice vacation. Money can do that. If you're unhappy with the communte, you can spend the extra money on getting more happiness out of other aspects of your life. That is utility. It's silly to argue that money doesn't provide utility; nothing provides such flexible, universal and measurable utility as money does. But does it buy you happiness? Only if you're poor, other research has shown. Once you have comfortable wealth, money stops providing additional happiness. So overpaid CEOs should take a pay cut to be able to walk to the office. (Would he accept an hour-long communte for $500 extra per month? Of course not! That's pocket change to him. But for 40% on top of his already excessive salary? Probably.) Yet corporations get do get access to the negotiations. What makes them more essential to the process than the legislature that has to ratify the treaty? In the end, it is the legislature that has to determine whether this treaty serves the interests of the public, if it serves them enough, and if enough has been done to defend the interests of the public during those negotiations. A very secretive process makes that evaluation very hard. Limiting the time to decide, may make it impossible for any honest representative to say anything other than "no". (So it'll probably be ratified.) I don't understand America's love for credit cards. They're unsafe, both for users and for merchants. PIN cards are safer, and they're much clearer about where the risks and responsibilities lie. Of course modern credit cards also support PIN, but I never see them used that way. A more convenient way of handling credit cards is a useless idea to me. What we need is a safer and more reliable way to handle transactions. Preferably one that doesn't rely on politically motivated monopolists. I don't know much about PayWave and PayPass, but this actually sounds even less secure than credit cards. And it still relies on the big two. Sounds like a step in the wrong direction. It's not about convenience, it's about security and reliability. That's the direction we need to take. That is exactly the entire problem with credit card payments, online or elsewhere. Too often it relies on just the number, just the mag strip, possibly with other information that is _right there on the card_ (like that stupud CVC). This is totally insecure, and yet everybody keeps using it. Dutch electronic payment (online or otherwise) always relies on "something you have" + "something you know" (which is secret and not shared with anyone ever). It's not airtight, but it's a lot safer than relying just on "something that can be stolen". I'm still constantly appalled and amazed at US/international online payments relying on something as outdated and backwards as just a string of numbers and some other public information. In cultures where female circumcision occurs, it's not the men who perform the circumcision, it's the women. And it's women who shame anyone who has not been mutilated in the same way they have been. I don't know if this is a case of Oslo syndrome, but this kind of peer pressure plays a big role in keeping people down. The same thing (though probably not quite as harmful) happens with men. Men aren't all supportive of men finding their own way either. If you don't do and like the same stupid things your peers feel forced to do and like, you get ridiculed. Transaction limits are absolutely an important factor in limiting these kind of risks. In Netherland, there's also one electronic payment system that does not require a PIN: the "chip knip" (chip wallet). You explicitly transfer an amount of money from your account to the chip (often about $20), and you can use that to pay. You still need to approve the payment by pressing a button on the machine, but if you lose it, you don't lose a lot. And it probably works without a phone/internet connection, because the money is right there on the card and nothing needs to be verified on any server. > It really has everything to do with not being rich. A million dollars is not rich. 100 million is. 100 million isn't rich, 10 billion is. Look, there's always going to be someone richer. Only one person in 7 billion gets to be the richest person on the planet. Stop staring at the top, and consider the over 99% of the world's population that's a lot poorer than you. You are easily in the richest 1%. You are rich. You've made it. If this doesn't make you happy, then maybe you should change your outlook in life and do something totally different. Have a long vacation, travel around the world. Maybe go see all those places and people that have it a lot worse than you. Go build houses in Africa. Find some people worse off than you and make a difference in their lives. Quite likely that will make you feel a lot better. I know I shouldn't joke about this, but I'm currently imagining the headline: "Millionaire kills himself over not being rich enough." I have some really bad experiences with cheap tablets. They often have their own custom power plug (rather than using micro-USB like everybody else), and it's invariably the first thing that breaks. > The hating on Coin is unbelievable. It seems like a great first step towards backwards-compatible card consolidation. It's a great first step towards consolidating the worst and most insecure aspects of credit cards. It's not going to work with modern cards, because it can't copy chips. And if you have an old mag-strip card, you should really get a new one, rather than consolidating the old one. It's not about crime, it's specifically about incarceration. The US locks people up for a very long time for very minor crimes (particularly if they're black). There's an industry that requires a steady stream of inmates, and they bribe politicians and judges to provide those inmates. The true crime doesn't come from the inmates, it comes from the people locking them up. It's not biased. Those countries may have high crime, but they have low incarceration, which is what this page is about. The story here isn't the corruption in Africa that keeps criminals out of prison, it's the corruption in the US that puts innocents in prison. Or maybe it works very well. There are different reasons why a country might be low on the list. Maybe they have little crime, maybe they fight crime without locking people up for long periods of time, or maybe they lack the resources to fight crime. If a country is high on the list, it could be they have insanely high crime, but it could also mean that they punish much harsher than other countries, or crime is not the primary motivation to lock people up. > Honestly, I would be fucking happy with 100 million. And who wouldn't? In fact, anyone who's not a millionaire would be happy with a million. If being that rich doesn't make you happy, why would being even richer work? Maybe you should focus on something more fulfilling than money. > If someone came up to me right now and said hey buddy, I'll give you 100 million if you help me starve just 1 dying boy in africa right now, I would punch that cock in the face. I do not want to make money at the expense of other people. And are you sure you haven't made your money at the expense of other people? I'd hate to depress you even further, but it's very hard not to make money at the expense of others. Particularly at the expense of the poorest people in Africa or Asia. Many of the cheap goods we buy are made by people who are terribly exploited for just cents per day. US and EU agriculture gets subsidies that make it impossible for African farmers to compete, and our surpluses get dumped below cost, driving them out of business, causing famine. If you're serious about not wanting to be rich at the expense of the poor, and don't want to be the cause of kids in Africa starving, then focus on that. You've got enough money to visit Africa and Asia, to see how people live there, and do something about it. Raise awareness, build a school, campaign, whatever. There's tons to be done. And you don't even have to eat up your million buck for it. Your 60k of passive income is more than enough to do something. After you've spent a few months or a year or a few years on this, you'll still be rich, and you can still decide that helping the poor isn't your thing and do something else with your money instead. Just stop focusing on that 100 million, because almost nobody gets there, and focusing on that above all else will only destroy you at no benefit to anyone anywhere. You are rich. You are richer than over 99% of the world. I'm rich, and I'm a lot poorer than you. That you think you're not rich is a problem in your perspective, not your wallet. Change your perspective. Stop staring on a handful of filthy rich playboys, and look around you at all the real people. You already got way more out of life in 8 years than most people get in a lifetime. Financially, at least. If you want more out of life, maybe you should look at other things than money. Now is a perfect time to look for something new. With your good passive income, you can afford to try lots of different things. It doesn't have to be a job. You can travel. You can spend a year doing volunteer work. Maybe that's more satisfying than this hunt for a goal that's beyond the reach of very nearly everybody in the entire world. It's probably both factors added on top of each other. There are other countries where politicians want to appear tough on crime, yet they don't come close to the US in incarcerations. And the bribery definitely happens. As someone else pointed out already, a juvenile prison bribed judges to convict more kids. But I've also read about a state (Arkansas?) that has a contract with a new privatized prison to provide a guaranteed number of inmates for some time into the future. And you can bet they lobby for tougher sentences too. Tough on crime can lead to terribly injustice, but for-profit prisons are guaranteed to lead to terrible injustice. It is already too late. You should buy when it's low, not when it's high. Wait for the next crash, and then buy, if you want. I think they intend to sell it. Now seems like a good time for that. It's better to get out too early than too late. Quit when you're ahead, is the big rule of gambling. (Which is what this is.) Okay, maybe it's more like a pyramid scheme. As long as more people keep flocking to it, prices will go up. But you don't know how long people will keep flocking to it. That's why I don't trust gold and silver either. They lack inherent value. JVM a downside? I like the JVM. And I love Groovy. It has the easy syntax and familiarity of Java, but instead of using all the ugly stupid stuff of Java, you can also use all the cool fun stuff of Ruby. It's a very enjoyable balance with the best of both worlds. Why exactly is that a reason to be afraid? What are they afraid of? You keep repeating the same thing all over this discussion, are you? I'm Dutch, and people from the east of Netherland don't understand why I don't understand German, claiming the languages are so similar. But I have real trouble understanding German. Maybe when it's someone from the north-west of Germany who speaks very slowly and clearly. People from the east of Netherland have much less trouble, somehow. (I'm utterly unable to understand people from the Dutch province of Zeeland when they're speaking to their parents. That's complete gibberish to me, though it doesn't have a special status as a local language, as far as I know. (unlike Nethersaxon, for example)) The country is made almost entirely out of immigrants. It's bizarre that they're so closed off and scared of immigrants; they themselves are the children of immigrants. If people start doing that, they'll probably start rejecting people with passports less than half a year old. Simply the risk that the time and money you spent on the visit may be wasted, is likely to deter a lot of potential visitors that have other options open to them. Why would any border guard be incredulous over anyone visiting far away places? You'd expect border guards to be used to meeting foreigners. And there's lots of foreign parts in the world. Why would anyone visit X? Because it's there. Because people live there. Because there are things to see. What other reason do you need? I really want to learn Clojure, but somehow my brain refuses to engage with Lisp-style syntax. I just cannot read it at all. Groovy is perfect for me, because it has a familiar syntax, but it allows me to do much more in a much more readable way than Java would. I think it'll make them more efficient, and therefore more relevant. Groovy has many, many other improvements over Java than just closures. > It is also the world’s first programming language that was written to target an existing community of programmers. That is not true. Java was written to target C++ programmers. When he started about measuring attractiveness. And then the ignoring their message. > I think people need to rid themselves of this romantic notion that the government serves "the people" and cops in particular are supposed to protect the innocent. Both of them are ridiculously childish beliefs. They may not be true in the current system, but the problem is with the system, not with those beliefs. The government should serve the people, and the cops should protect the innocent. That they don't, is a sign of corruption in the government and the police force. It needs to be fixed. It was very dehumanizing, and I think (hope) that was the entire point. I'm also surprised about how often I see English-speakers talk about "females" rather than "women". I vaguely suspect that might say something profound about an aspect of American culture that's deeply wrong about how it views women. Let's just say he's big on "optimize your life" solutions. He's pretty much parodying himself here, which is what makes this so effective. Only the first. You have got to read their response yourself. If you don't, it can't possibly work. Or it shouldn't work. You're basically accepting a relationship where people ignore each other. The people who drop out after that second message are probably the real keepers. The ones that stay apparently didn't say anything worthy of a response anyway. If all you need is a warm body with the correct orifices, facial looks aren't terribly relevant either. If you intend to spend any amount of time together, what you hear is just as relevant as what you see. > The survey will be published in its January issue, which comes out next week These people sound utterly confused. Also, the article seems to present the fires as a bad thing, ignoring the fact that the model S has less fires, and much less deaths than other cars. Sounds like time to buy. I can fully understand publishing the January issue in late December, or even half December (though that's already pushing it). But right now it's still November. Next week it'll still be November. At what point does the month associated with the issue stop meaning anything? Will we get the Winter issue in the summer? I like working in the same room as the rest of my team. It means I can ask them questions, they can ask me, we can quickly discuss little things without getting out of our chair. I can imagine private office might be preferable if you really work on your own. But I work in a team, and I prefer working in the same room as them. Though the stories about noise suggest that some people are sharing a room with a hundred people, and that's just ridiculous. 6, 12, or even 20 programmers in a room don't make a lot of noise. The occasional question or discussion really isn't that distracting (though nerf-gun battles certainly are). Just keep it sane. Put people in a room with the people they need to be in a room with. Don't make them hide from their team. Don't put them in a crowd of noisy strangers. There's good and bad ways to do this. I've had very good experiences with anything from 5 up to 20. I've never seen any either. Most offices tend to be open plan with fairly limited size rooms, varying from 6 to 20 desks. In every open office I've worked in, desks were huge, and personal items were welcome. (Well, maybe not at my current gig; I haven't seen any personal items yet. But it's a pretty new team of mostly externals.) > A good first step would be to go after the psychopaths who run campaigns like these. A good second step would be to abolish the cultural norms that allow sexuality and nudity to be used as a weapon. Absolutely. The people who fire someone over simply having some photo online, carry part of the blame here. But the harassers themselves should all be in prison, and pay their victims for lost income and emotional damage. They are the true evil here, and should be treated as such. > To be clear, I'm aware that some of these victims lost their jobs. I did not mean to suggest there was no harm done. However, they lost their job due to the prudish culture that I originally referred to, not directly by the actions of the villain. They did lose their job directly due to the actions of the villains. It was an organized attack to ruin some innocent person's life. The prudish society provides them the means, but let's not forget that these people are pure evil. There's not the slightest excuse or reason for what they did, other than pure, unadulterated malice. The nudity makes it easy, but when that tool is taken away from them (it certainly should), there are still plenty of other ways they can discredit, slander or ruin someone. This absolutely reveals a problem in society, and a problem with employee's rights and employers being able to fire people for things that are none of the employer's business. But none of that changes that Moore and his henchmen are the primary villains here. Behind bars is the only place for that kind of malice. It certainly belongs in court, just maybe not in a civil one. It's a criminal case. Well, damages for the victims (surely much more than the villains will ever be able to pay) may belong in a civil court, but these people also belong behind bars for a good long time. If you're willing to ruin someone's life like that, you do not deserve to live in a way where you're capable of doing so. Being topless is normal on regular beaches. On nude beaches, people tend to be bottomless as well. Still, nobody anywhere in the world would appreciate complete strangers spreading those (or any other) pictures of them. > It legalised contraception sometime in the 80s, divorce in the 90s and will have gay marriage some time this decade. None of these things are compatible with Christianity as it has been understood for most of its existence. "Incompatible"? No, those things are perfectly compatible. Don't believe everything the fundamentalists feed you. Christianity is not first and foremost about the sex stuff; it's about the love stuff. True, gay marriage is new and controversial, but contraception has not been much of a problem outside the Vatican. Also, you make it sound like Ireland is somehow very progressive, but they're actually extremely conservative on these things. There are other countries that were Christian long before the 800s that have no problem with any of these things, nor with euthanasia or abortion (within reasonable limits). Yeah, it's not impossible. It would be less devastating, but it'd still hurt. What he did is a gross violation no matter how enlightened your culture is. A lot of people would still consider this extremely embarassing. It wouldn't be as devastating in most of Europe as it would be in the US, but it'd still hurt. But no matter what the cultural mores are, it still needs to be very illegal, and these psychos need to be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. And if the law doesn't extend far enough to put them behind bars, the law needs to be changed to stop this. I've read some totally crazy stories about people losing their kids in the US. Photos of breastfeeding or bathing (child porn!), playing outside (irresponsible!), and who knows what else. And that was without existing divorce and custody issues. > If this current incarnation of the VC-funded bubble hasn't crashed, in 3 years he'll be part of the "tech" in-crowd and people here will be discussing his new venture capital fund. > I, for one, will never take investment from any VC firm that employs Hunter Moore as a Managing Partner. Surely, there's no chance of that actually happening? He's going to end up bankrupt behind bars, right? This list was clearly made by someone from Switzerland. Other countries have plenty of other crazy examples. Someone else already pointed out that the city that houses the Dutch government has to different, equally valid names (and is also not the capital). Not only are there addresses that lack street names, there are also addresses that lack house numbers or towns. It wouldn't surprise me if there are addresses that lack a zip/postal code in a country that normally uses them. Then there's reassigning addresses to other houses. The original building stays, but gets a new address. I'm a victim of this: a nearby swimming pool had my address until 15 years ago, but I still get a ton of their mail. Clearly in those 15 years, a lot of their contacts never bothered to update their address data. (Or maybe nobody expects a swimming pool to move.) Edit: Beyond regular enclaves, there's of course also the crazy of Baarle-Nassau and Baarle-Hertog. It's bits of Belgian enclaves in Netherland, some of which in turn contain Dutch enclaves. The country you're in can change every other house. It's possible all your neighbours live in a different country than you. I'm not sure if it's possible a single house is in two different countries at the same time. Maybe the front door in one country and the back door in another? Exactly who gets to maintain the streets, I have no idea. Links: https://maps.google.com/maps?q=Baarle-Nassau&hl=en&ll=51.442... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baarle-Nassau I think what people praise in mother Theresa is her dedication to the poor. I think most people aren't aware of many of her more controversial positions. Also it's hard to still talk about "the religion" when you separate it from its scripture; there are about as many views on Christianity as there are people in the world. > The bible doesn't condemn suicide(or abortion) anywhere in it directly. However, as with any good moral book, it is ambiguous. On abortion, it's surprisingly unambiguous. Kill an unborn baby, pay a fine to the parents. That's it. It even says this immediately after saying murderers should be put to death. It's in one of the harshest parts of the bible (Leviticus, I believe), and yet abortion is only a misdemeanor. > the "socialist left" is far more intrusive in our lives than the "christian right" Is it? As far as I can see, the "socialist left" in the US is utterly powerless and negligible. Even the "christian left" has more impact. That's what some people say, but the bible is rather clear about abortion not being the same as murder. The punishment for killing an unborn baby is a fine paid to the parents. C is basically readable, portable assembler. That's it. Don't treat it as a high level language; treat it as a nicer alternative to assembler. It definitely has its place, but it's not for everybody. It's arguably true that he betrayed the NSA to the people. The big questions here are: Why is the NSA at odds with the American people; and who, ultimately, deserves your loyalty? If the government doesn't represent the people anymore, does it still deserve the loyalty of the people? A lot of people would say no. Family and friends gave you that money without expecting it back? And what happened the second time your group asked for money after wasting the first profit? It might be hard to find for the money they're offering. Are people really that desperate? I don't know how the job market is in the US, but yesterday I saw an article explaining that the US was still the best place for programmers. In Netherland, I don't know any programmer who is unemployed. The job market is very good here. There's no reason to accept a crappy, rotten, underpaid job, unless you suck. So what is it, US? Is it great over there, or does it suck so badly that PA might actually find someone? What wasn't mentioned explicitly in the video, but was clear from the graphics, is that the top 1% owns more total money than the bottom 80% put together. Not the top 1% versus the bottom 20 or 40%, not the top 20% versus the bottom 80%; no, the top 1% versus the bottom 80%, almost the entire population. The US is clearly not owned by the American people anymore. It's owned by a tiny elite that's completely separate from normal society. What, livable working conditions don't matter compared to the prouct? The balance is of course somewhere in the middle. The good parts of capitalism with the good parts of socialism. You get a much nicer society than with either one t the extreme. This article misses the point. Before it goes on to speculate about hypothetical situations, it says: > The reality is that probably Ben is not a sexist, maybe he believes simply that “him” does not make a difference in sexism. Everybody has his fight, and changing “him” is not the Ben fight And that's okay. It doesn't have to be Ben's fight. The problem is that Ben denies this fight to others. The problem is not that Ben doesn't work to improve gender equality, the problem is that he rejects and reverts other people's work to improve gender equality. And I can fully understand that this would be a firing offense in some companies. Rejecting and undoing other people's good work is seriously not cool. If he's overwhelmed, why would he go to the extra effort of reverting the commit? He didn't just not pull, he reverted it when someone else pulled it. That means he does care. He cares enough to enforce gendered pronouns in the face of others who prefer neutral pronouns. No, not everybody has to fight sexism, just don't defend sexism when others fight it. Really, what makes sexism so vital that it needs to be defended? It's not criminalizing anything. It's pointing out that it goes against that company's policy. Is it really so bad for a company to have a policy to prefer gender equality? I'm rather amazed to see people rushing to defend sexism. Please tell me: what's so great about sexism? Why is it so wrong to fight it? Because I really don't get it. > Shouldn't that be "Everybody has their fight"? Of course not. Only men have legitimate fights. When a fight is only being conducted by women, it must be something trivial. Stating they would fire someone over this seems a bit unnecessary, but since he's not an employee at all, it has no direct consequences. But it does make clear what their company policy is: they would fire someone over this had it been an employee. It seems a small thing to fire someone over, but if gender equality and using gender neutral pronouns are important parts of their company policy, then someone actively resisting company policy and reverting the work of people who improved the product according to company policy, would be pretty serious. Also note that a female developer was ready to quit the community over Ben's behaviour. Ben directly contributed to a hostile atmosphere where an often excluded minority is likely to feel more excluded. That is definitely serious. You consider it a witch hunt because you don't care about gender neutral pronouns. Probably because you haven't felt subtly excluded all your life by gendered pronouns referring to other people. Fighting that exclusion is an important part of the fight against sexism. Sometimes, but not in this case. Plenty of northern European countries (Sweden is a popular example) mix the good bits of capitalism and socialism just fine, while avoiding the worst excesses. It's not perfect, but they're certainly on a much more productive path than either socialist or capitalist extremists. Excluding contributors simply because you want to feel like you're part of some exclusive group, is possibly even more harmful to open source projects than insisting on gender-exclusive language. People who improve the code or documentation, even if it's in some really minor way you don't care about, are vital to any open source project. If you exclude them, you're voting for your project to remain small and irrelevant. I agree IT unions aren't very necessary. We have it easy; we're well paid, we're fairly flexible, and if one employer sucks, we can easily can a better job elsewhere. But plenty of industries don't have that advantage. Many workers are very dependent on a single employer. This is especially the case with workers that have highly specific training and experience that doesn't translate well to other jobs. If they're exploited or otherwise unhappy, they can't simply quit and get a similar job elsewhere, whereas the employer can afford to lose a single employee and train a new one, which makes the employer-employee relationship an unequal one. There, unions can provide a lot of value to keep employers honest. I don't find email that much of a drain. I used to, when I was subscribed to a ton of mailinglists, but I cut down, and I skip a lot. I don't have to read everything. I tried to once; I tried to read all of usenet, then all of the web. And now, well, G+ and HN. And there I skip most too. I read when I like. I don't need to check stuff constantly. I could have tons of free time if I just kept away from G+ and HN a bit more. And the stuff I read counts as leisure; maybe not the best way to spend my leisure time, but it's still leisure. I don't think Keynes was all that wrong, really. I work 32 hours a week, and my son is the main thing that eats up my leisure time. People had more kids in the 1930s. > a look at some lists of known ultra-IQ folks shows a list of comedians, some more porn actresses and models, actors, some pro-wrestlers, a bunch of fiction writers etc. > There's very, painfully, few people who occupied their time with something that really moved humanity up a notch and even most of those are debatable. You'd expect/hope it to be filled with scientists and great thinkers, wouldn't you? You'd expect Einsteins and Hawkings or something. But a lot of scientists don't actually have excessively high IQs. Above average, sure, but not super high. Turns out IQ and science are corelating skills, but not the same thing. IQ corelates with lots of other intelligence-related skills, but in the end, it's just a skill like any other. Like many others here, I don't put much stock in IQ values. It's a trainable skill, and it depends a lot on what kind of test you do. IQ tests have also been proven to be strongly culture-related. But for what it's worth, when I was young, I scored 136 in a test from some booklet that I didn't finish, and much later I scored 139 on the test from "The National IQ Test" on Dutch TV (which had 140 or 142 as a maximum score). I've never really done a "proper" IQ test, or if I have, my parents didn't share the results. I guess it's safe to say I'm fairly smart, but I don't think I'm noticeably smarter than my friends or family. Maybe they also score in the 130-140 range. Exactly. And it's something you can train by doing and studying IQ tests. This article sounds more like criticism of a badly functioning educational system, than criticism of the idea itself. How about teaching kids to code in countries that don't have as many functional illiterates, then? Or how about fixing the educational system, and add programming while you're at it? Should the illiteracy problem be a reason to drop other non-essential courses from the curriculum? Is every course currently on the curriculum really more important than coding (which teaches problem solving, logic, systemic thinking, and in fact even involves quite a bit of reading at times)? An excellent example of why it's valuable to learn how to program even when you're not expected to. I've had plenty of times in the past where I just knew some company was going to do really well and their stock would skyrocket. Every time, I wanted to buy stock but didn't know how or didn't have money, and, in fact, in one case I did buy some Apple when they introduced the Nano. Every single time I was correct, and would have made somewhere between 40-200% profit. I only got the 40% profit out of Apple (because I sold too early), but generally, I seem to have a pretty good eye for this. The big thing though is: I'm patient. I don't need to invest all the time. I only get this kind of insight every few years, but this kind of profit every few years is still pretty good. Next time I get this kind of insight about something, I'm going in big. That sounds like Java alright. Or maybe that's C++. Maybe they're going for something extremely minimalistic. Lowest end? The Samsung Galaxy S4 and HTC One aren't exactly low-end, and those are the two phones everybody is offering now. The ones you get for free with low-end contracts are low-end, but you can get some pretty nice discounts on high-end phones too. At least apparent discounts. You pay for them through your contract, and if the difference with a sim-only contract is small, that's because sim-only contracts are way too expensive. Carriers are big, but it is possible to get around them. Most people get a phone with contract, but a lot of people really do go sim-only. Fairphone is a nice example of a small Dutch organization that makes a revolutionary new phone (not available in the US). It's very successful so far, but also because they're not inventing their own platform; it's still Android. But the hardware is indie, so that at least can be done. (And a major carrier ordered a 1000 of them.) The power of crowdfunding! That is really the major game changer that hasn't been taken into account yet. I was expecting Groovy, which is indeed less verbose than Java, less complex than Scala, and has excellent compatibility with Java. I don't know about compile times. The main downside of Groovy is: it's not as fast. And of course the programming paradigm is less revolutionary and more pragmatic, though that could also be a big upside. When I finally picked up a book on Scala, I rejoiced when I read the chapter on parallelization with Actors and especially how they passed case classes around and automatically extracted data from them in their built-in switch statements. That stuff was fantastic!, concise, expressive and beautiful! Hallelujah! The next chapter delved deeper into the typing system, and I recoiled in horror. I still want to do Scala some day just to use their actor messaging, but there really is a very strict limit to how far a sane person can look into Scala. At some point, the Abyss looks into you, and if you're not careful, you'll also start building crazy DSLs with incomprehensible operators based on Type Declarations Man Was Not Meant To Know, just to maintain rigid type safety in some situation nobody really cares about. Then make it "Scala: Language design is hard". That gets the point across that it is about Scala, without suggesting the article makes some absurd claim. It doesn't sound like "closed source = sucks" to me. It sounds like "I love open source, so I'd better support it", which is a great attitude. I'm fairly neutral in this. I love open source, and I do believe in many cases, open source can be a lot better than closed source options (look at Apache httpd, many web frameworks, git, etc), but there may also be instances where closed source results in better software, and those developers deserve to make a living too. I love open source, but I don't mind paying for quality when it really is better than the free version. Man, corporate political games in an open source project. I don't feel like I can possibly have an informed opinion on this, but I certainly feel played for having voiced a less informed opinion on the original discussion. Ben didn't handle it well, and certainly could have explained himself a bit better. And I disagree with him on the commit; minor language improvements that make the language more inclusive are still valuable, and rejecting them means you're rejecting part of the community. But the amount of crap he got was totally out of proportion. The commiters should have been able to simply discuss this and decide to handle this better next time. Maybe this fairly minor incident was blown way out of proportion because of the Joyent-Strongloop friction. I'm rather amazed that there apparently are people who think replacing democracy with aristocracy is a good idea. I admit, in the past I've said that the best form of government is an benevolent, enlightened despot. Someone who knows best, informs himself, and has the good of the people at heart. But surely everybody with half a brain knows that it's a complete crap shoot what kind of despot you get? Maybe you do get one good despot (probably because he got there through his own ability and some significant support), but the next one is going to be no better than all those crappy kings and lords we've had in the distant past. When they say "I need these features out in the field today", my response would be: "shall we reschedule the interview then?" Don't waste your time on an interview when you've got a tight deadline. Make some time for the interviewee. > I think you're underestimating the havoc that a group of well-trained individuals armed with knives could cause in the middle of a transcontinental flight even with a locked, reinforced cabin door. Of course they can do a lot of damage. But they don't have to be on a plane for that. They can do a lot of damage on the street. The big question is: can they take control of the plane and use it as a weapon? Nowadays, passengers know that hijacking means likely death. That knife won't stop everybody. One of my addresses was also in the Adobe breach. No idea what password I used there, but I'm fairly sure it must have been either my common "junk" password, shared with tons of forums, but nothing that poses any serious risk to me (just to those forums). Or if they had stricter requirements, some variation on it that I always forget, so I have to ask them for a new password every time anyway. I certainly don't reuse financial or email passwords. Or actually I do, but only for financial and email stuff. But I probably shouldn't reuse them at all. But those forums? I'm just not going to keep track of a new password for every site I visit. I wouldn't want to use a webservice to look at my passwords. I want to open my password safe locally. Less likely to be snooped upon (though still possible, obviously). If you reuse passwords, separate throw-away accounts (like Adobe or pretty much anything that's not your email, your bank or PayPal), from the important stuff. Sites that need to be secure, hopefully really are secure. Sites that don't really need to be secure because they don't deal in anything of value, probably don't invest quite as much in security. Reusing passwords across those different kinds of sites means the extra security of the secure sites is wasted. Of course it's way better not to reuse at all, but remembering two or three passwords is a lot easier than dozens, and still a lot safer than just one. Often you need to create an account or somehow register your email at sites, just to get something very basic, like a free download, or use a feedback form. This demonstrates nicely why that's a bad idea. I've got KeePass, but I haven't used it remotely as long as I've used many websites. Also, I don't have my KeePass DB in Dropbox, so I can't access it from other computers. More than that, I'd rather not put my KeePass DB on someone else's machine in the first place. But I'll easily trust strange computers with a password for some crappy forum. There's always something you risk compromising. I prefer some forum account to be compromised. What's more, he was on the US terrorist list until 2008. I think the fact that Mandela was on it until 2008 is pretty much all you need to know about the US terrorist list. It can't be a very good list. One man's freedom fighter is another man's terrorist. But Mandela fought for a very important cause: the freedom of an oppressed people. And he always used the most effective and appropriate weapons to fight that fight. Anyone who calls him a terrorist is a crook. > I think it is a little more complicated than "he was peaceful" or "he was non-peaceful". He used violence when violence was needed, he used peace when peace is needed. I'd like to be as pacifist as I can possibly be, but there simply are situations where violence is necessary. And severe oppression without non-violent means to end the oppression, is one of them. Some things need to be fought. It's not about feeling oppressed, it's about being oppressed, and not having any democratic means to change it. Use the soap box and the ballot box first. It's only when they take away your right to vote and your right to express your political ideas, that violence becomes your only option for change. I've never considered that having a degree might be an issue for immigration. As far as I know, to work in Netherland to need you need either an income above a certain threshold, or the hiring company needs to prove they can't find someone with your skills locally. A lot of people said they returned it because of the family photo in it. That seems to confirm something I heard years ago: that wallets with photos of children were more likely to be returned. So if you don't have kids, put a photo of a niece or nephew, or even a complete stranger's kid in there. I'm surprised Zurich did so much worse than Moscow. I need to adjust my prejudices. > If Google would say that teams that only consist of men, or white people would get $2K extra everyone would explode. Surely you can understand why? The industry is already dominated by white men. They (we, in fact) don't need extra support to enter and get accepted by the industry. We don't suffer lots of subtle forms of harassment and discrimination, simply for being different from the norm. I don't think money by itself is the solution, but in order to make the industry more accepting of women, it helps if people get used to women in the industry, which means there need to be more women in the industry, which means some additional encouragement is probably necessary. Addressing the sexism in the industry in the absense of women doesn't seem to work very well. We need more women in order to become more accessible to women. That said, I do think it's odd to do this through larger prizes for women in a contest. Encouragement programs and networking events seem like a better way to do this. Then again, in sports, it's generally male competitions who tend to have far more prize money. I'm absolutely for helping the poor, providing everybody with affordable (preferably free) quality education, programs that help unemployed people get jobs, that help homeless people get their life back in order, etc. But those problems aren't specific for the IT industry. They're society-wide, and need to tackled on a much broader scale. And in society at large, women are doing increasingly better. They are surpassing men in education (so it's definitely a good idea to take a good look at if there's anything that causes boys to fall by the wayside in the educational system), but that doesn't change the fact that there are still some industries that are remarkably sexist and/or inaccessible to women. And that's just not acceptable. Show them they're wrong by being successful at what you do. Of course that's going to take a while, and it could get really annoying if they keep nagging all that time. It would help a lot if you could get the idea across that real skill trumps GPA. Find some examples of highly successful programmers that didn't graduate. Indeed. As the article points out, it's all very super-villainy. They're not even trying to pretend they're the good guys anymore. I'm European, and the first I've experienced is having to take off my shoes while someone pats me down because the metal detector beeped at my belt or shoes, and someone else X-rays my stuff. I found it annoying and invasive, but it sounds like even the mildest TSA procedures are a lot worse than that. No, actually the worst I've experienced was having to bribe some guard in Mali because I couldn't find the receipt for my luggage. > I hope that the bad isn't dwarfing the good to the extent where the term "Americanism" becomes synonymous with "McCarthyism." McCarthy has been dead for a while, and this stuff seems to have support from both major political parties in the US. And the US really is trying to make these sort of invasive policies into a new global standard. (And not just here; look at all those new trade treaties, at the blind loyalty to corporations, etc.) I'm afraid that "Americanism" really is turning into a negative thing. At least it's heading in the right direction. They could just as easily have decided that the EU law violated the data retention policy, and that the law had to be changed. I've always been bad at looking busy. Alright, I admit I'm lazy, but that doesn't mean I suck as a programmer. In my first job, I'd automated pretty much all of my work. Where others would do stuff by hand, I researched how to write a script to do it for me. At some point, I had a collection of scrips and macros that generated most of my code straight out of the functional design. So whenever the boss popped in, he saw me leaning back looking at my scripts doing all my work for me. I was usually the first one to be finished with a new task. I reduced compile time from many hours down to 30 minutes (which all the other programmers were extremely happy with). But all my non-programming boss saw was me leaning back or goofing around, rather than typing really hard (which is what programming is supposed to look like, right?). Walls are easy to understand. Software isn't. Sometimes comparing one piece of software to another piece of software is like comparing a garden shed to a skyscraper. I'm currently playing Fallout: New Vegas, and the real-time FPS combat is remarkably playable (though I normally hate FPS games). The VATS is terrible, and not a good replacement for the combat systems of 1 and 2. After Planescape: Torment, Fallout 1 and 2 were probably among the best CRPGs ever. That was really the golden age of CRPGs. Only The Witcher really added some real value (unfortunately The Witcher 2 has the most horrible combat I've ever experienced in a CRPG). If you love the classic isometric games, also check out Shadowrun Returns. It's not quite up there with Torment and the Fallouts, but it's well worth playing. I never played it, because it was all about combat and lacked the story of FO1 and 2. But now I might give it a try anyway. Well, try it again. It has by far the best writing of any CRPG. I love the Fallouts, but Torment is High Literature. It's the Shakespeare and the Firefly of computer gaming. Allt he great, special unique games, from Star Control 2 to Bioshock to Braid, Torment beats them. It's a game that makes you think far beyond the stuff that's in the game. Never finished it. Looked really cool, but it was buggy, and I lost interest after I reached that big city. Also, didn't it have that overdone "chosen one" plot? But maybe I should give it another chance. Yeah, better not download them while their servers are getting hammered like this. But it's nice to know you can always get them later. But some problems can be solved in a day, others require an immense amount of work. Not everybody can tell the difference. Yes. It was Visual C++. Most of it was piles of conditions and generating texts based on that. It was all specified in excruciating detail in the functional design, which I received as a word document. I believe I had a word macro that selected what I needed and did some formatting or something, and then probably some regexp replaces to turn it into actual C++ code. It worked very well, and because the project had a number of iterations where we'd implement yet another kind of insurance based on the same kind of FD, I could reuse it quite a lot. But my first project there was euro-proofing some code. I had to dig through the code and figure out which numbers could represent money amounts. Another programmer was doing this by hand, but I figured it should be possible to automate it (there was a lot of code). After unsuccessfully trying to figure out a regexp to match what I needed, I ended up writing my own not-quite-finite state engine to parse the code and insert comments near all the suspicious numbers. Cool. But isn't his (Raspberry Pi) ethernet adapter a far more powerful computer than the computer it's adapting ethernet for? But this "capitalist science" has already existed for ages, hasn't it? Plenty of companies do science, monopolize the results through patents, and exploit them for private profit. That's capitalist science. > The economic structure of basic science is currently socialist, funded by the public at large through taxes for the benefit of the public at large. Yes, but increasingly less so. The public may fund it, but too much of the results get copyrighted by Elsevier and patented by other parties. > Capitalist science will better align the incentives of scientists with taxpayer interests, No it won't. It will align the incentives of scientists with the interests of corporations. > channel more money into basic science, lower your taxes, and generally improve the quality of your life. Nice talk. I think you're trying to sell me something, but I'm not buying it. > Nope, patents are purely a governmental construct. Exactly. They are a government construct to enable the capitalization of science. (Note: the fact that it's a government construct does not contradict anything I said.) That's why capitalist science is a stupid idea in the first place, but it's still how the current system works. Corporations like artificial scarcity, so stuff can be owned, capitalized and exploited for profit. > Property rights are anathema to government construct That's a big word there, and I suspect it doesn't mean what you think it means. Property rights are a government construct. It's one of the primary reasons why governments exist. Without government to enforce these rights, you have no real claim on what you consider yours. Anyone can come along and take it away, and the only recourse you have is to steal it back, or steal something similar from someone else. Since that's not a very ideal situation, thousands of years ago we decided not to do that anymore, and anyone who still did it, would be punished. That's basically what government is (and I'm amazed I'm even explaining this to anyone over 8 years old). > What you are saying is indeed a common conventional wisdom opinion taught in grade school. Thus, people who believe differently might do so because they've thought more about it than an 8-year-old. Perhaps they've looked into the history or the economics of the situation. Congratulations on that cheap blow suggesting there's something childish and immature about understanding history, government and law. > With or without government to enforce your rights, you can make it hard for people to take stuff away - and even in a government based system we expect you to do that to some degree. You can lock stuff up - put it behind walls and gates. You can guard it yourself. You can get a dog. You can ask or pay other people to guard it. You can install streaming security cameras to help identify miscreants. You can pay private patrols. You do realize that this means only the rich and powerful can defend their property, right? You create a system of might makes right, with the rich and powerful as substitute government. And if you lack the power to defend your property from those more powerful than you, you need the protection form someone who does, which leads to feudalism. Feudalism can certainly work, but it's not preferable to the rule of law, with justice for rich and poor alike. I believe there was some typo or deviation of the regular format in the functional design once or twice, which I fixed by hand. There was also a clear error in the logic specified in the design, which I was required to implement anyway. I pointed it out, explained them how it should be, and it took a remarkable amount of bureaucracy and responsibility dodging to get it fixed, but it was no problem for my work. Generally after generating the big amount of code, I still checked everything manually and added the needed boilerplate. It's just the initial generation of hundreds of if-then blocks to build texts that I automated. I think this is a big part of the different views of democracy between the US and Europe. Should the laws themselves be the reflection of the will of the people, or should the way those laws are enforced be a reflection of the will of the people? Personally I believe enforcement should be neutral and unbiased, whereas the creation of those laws are the realm of politics and where the will of the people should count. The US clearly has the opposite opinion. Personally I think that leads to arbitrary and unreliable enforcement, justice only for the majority (or even the rich). Hey, I'm all for street-level government, but that's still a government. And one that is not powerful enough to stand up to the more powerful gangs or corporations. You will still need a larger structure of organization to defend against the larger threats. > The government-run police primarily serve the interests of the rich and powerful and their own interests - they don't do much to protect the poor. That's certainly the case in corrupt countries, but much less so in the less corrupt ones. > I'm talking about actual rule of law, which does protect the rich and poor alike. What law? Whose law? Who enforces that law if you don't have a government? Without enforcement, the law is meaningless. With enforcement, you've got a government. There's really nothing in between there. What you're talking about are different forms of government. Better ones, perhaps. There are definitely a lot of improvements possible (and needed) in our current forms of government, and especially so in the US. But one way or the other, you'll still end up with some form of government. > Consider that by social convention when you aggress against me I have a claim against you for damages. Suppose I can sell that claim. If I can afford to prosecute you directly I do so; if not, I sell my claim against you to someone who is more powerful. But selling a claim is an ordinary business transaction - it doesn't give the buyer any special power over the seller. Sounds interesting, but to prosecute, you still need courts, you still need enforcement, and that means you still need government. (By the way, this already exists. Some legal claims have gone to the stock market even.) > If you just want to read a SINGLE CHAPTER of MoF that most clearly addresses your concerns, it is quite short, it is titled "POLICE, COURTS, AND LAWS---ON THE MARKET", I read it, and I admit, in my teens, I had a similar sort of wishful thinking about ideal societies, but it's ignoring a couple of issues. Firstly, it's basically a kind of for-profit government. Will that ultimately be better? Look at how many companies screw their customers now, often without their customers noticing. Of course once customers notice, they can switch, _if_ there is sufficient competition. But companies love merging, and at some point, a powerful protection agency can dictate terms to smaller agencies. The largest agencies can form a cartel to concentrate and divide even more power. And sure, you can switch to a small, independent agency, but will they be able to protect you against the big guys? Maybe if enough people switch, but that takes time. In the end, you're trying to play one protection racket against another protection racket, but in the end, you're still stuck with a protection racket. Let's first try to get honest competition working in something fairly innocuous like telecommunication, before we start giving those companies real power, okay? Rule number one: if you're not sure what you're doing, do it in a new branch. If things go wrong, you can always delete that branch. And you can always make a branch out of a previous situation. Gitk/gitx make this particularly easy. Backups are of course always a good idea, but you don't need them specifically to work with git. Git is its own backup system. If you think you might do something potentially harmful, do it in a new branch. If something goes wrong, you can always throw it away. If something has already gone wrong, and you didn't do it in a separate branch, you can still go back to a previous situation. Rewriting history in any serious sense (beyond a local reset or rebase for stuff that hasn't been pushed to anyone else yet) is always a bad idea. History is history for a good reason. Of course any existing commit can always be reverted; that's not rewriting history. A revert is simply a new commit. > Civilians are blown up in every war Yes, but this isn't a war. It's a bunch of crude assassinations. There are no meaningful military objectives regrettably costing some civilian lives; these drone strikes are the primary act of war, and they accomplish nothing of value. They just breed more enemies. If you operate under the same principles as your enemy, then you're no better than them. And also: what do you think the chance is that the enemy might decide to operate under this presumption of innocence is the US doesn't? Do you want this spiral to go up or down? The fact that a foreign government is okay with killing random civilians, still doesn't mean it's okay for the US to come over and actually do it. > I'll watch a little TED instead of Breaking Bad. I think that's the entire point: TED is entertainment, not some serious forum for change. It's bad when it pretends to be that forum, but as a substitute for TV it is fantastic! I suck at networking, or any kind of social interaction that doesn't at least involve some dice. So if I follow the "fuck networking, just be human" advice, that means I'm not going to be meeting a lot of people. Then again, I don't really want to meet a lot of people. But making one or two really good connections every once in a while would probably be nice. In fact, at a recent GDG Devfest, I spoke with a couple of people who were all passionate about teaching programming to young kids. I want to keep in touch, gave them my card, and then forgot who they were. I'm terrible at remembering people, even if they're really cool and we spoke passionately. Sometimes, due to the variable pricing, a 1st class Thalys ticket can be as cheap as a 2nd class ticket. My wife and I traveled 1st class from Amsterdam to Paris, which was extremely comfortable, and came with free wifi, food and drink, and probably some other luxuries. The return trip was 2nd class, which meant you had to pay extra for wifi (despite many Dutch intercity trains having free wifi these days), and lacked the free food and drink. Not sure if it was cramped. Still better than a plane, as far as I recall. But next time, we'll definitely be looking out for cheap 1st class tickets. You can't change the past, man. I also regret not buying them years ago, but I can't change that. Look to the future. Personally, my future looks good enough even if I never buy any bitcoin. If buying bitcoin makes you worry and possibly risk depression and suicide, you'd better stay out. Yes, other people are getting rich somewhere, but that doesn't have to mean anything to you.There's always someone getting rich somewhere. There's always someone winning the lottery. Do you terrible when someone bought a lottery ticket and won millions? That stuff just happens. Let it go. If you've got a job paying more than $50k per year, you're still in the richest 1% of the world. Don't worry so much. You're doing very well. That sounds reasonable. I've got some money sitting here waiting for something to invest in. I didn't want to get into bitcoin at $1000, but $400 looks pretty reasonable considering past performance. Still, if China is really getting out of bitcoin, how much does that past performance still eman? GMail fucked up email for me. For a long, I seemed to be the last person in my area to stick to proper quoting, but I'm afraid I've slipped over the past few years. I think I top-quote more often than not, these days. GMail is partially to blame for that. Thank you! Thank you! I finally understand what theorems are. I kinda got axioms already, but this explanation is definitely useful. While I'm no fan of many of Apple's business practices, I don't think they're quite as bad as some of the extremely anti-competitive stuff Microsoft pulled in the '80s and '90s. In person, however, Steve Jobs was apparently a tremendous jerk (he often parked in handicapped spots, to name just one small but telling example), whereas Bill Gates seems to be a pretty decent fellow. It's a step. A few years ago, they apologized for it, and people responded by demanding a pardon. Now there's a pardon. Maybe in a few years they'll pardon and apologize to everybody else who was convicted under that law. Only a time machine can change what happened, but every gesture is something. It can't be made right, but acknowledgement of the wrong is still good. Let's not forget the millions of Russians who died on the eastern front. Without them, nothing at Bletchley Park wouldn't have mattered much for ending the war. > Imagine having to spend money on your daughters education, tending to physical safety and then only to find the boy's family asking for big money gifts during marriage. And not just that, in most common cases the demand for gifts just keep coming infinitely even after marriage. Why? Why would the bride's family give these gifts? What basis is there for these demands? Tradition and culture perhaps, but if the situation is so screwed up, then maybe it's time to abandon or fix those traditions. Spend money on education and teach her independence, and if she wants to marry out of love, she can do so without any dowry. > If you imagine that, then you would be imagining Watson right out of the scope of copyright, which covers creations, not discoveries. More precisely, copyright covers expressions, not inventions or discoveries. And any patent on Watson has long run out. So it seems to me that writing new stories involving Watson, even ones where he played rugby, should be perfectly fine. Just reproducing the later stories is not allowed without permission. Killing Stalin without killing Hitler might not be the best idea, considering the vital role Russia played in the defeat of the nazis. And maybe Leopold II gets overlooked by time travelers exactly because they also don't remember him. (Good of you to mention Leopold II, though. Also note Henry Morton Stanley's role in that despicable piece of genocide.) > if someone makes a tame joke about transgenders, who the f * * k cares? We make jokes about straight people all the time. My friends who are gay make jokes about gay people. It's not quite the same thing. Some people are more vulnerable than others. Transgendered people in particular have often taken a long time coming to grips with who they are. Many are traumatized by a lifetime living in a body that wasn't "theirs". I sincerely hope you can see the difference between mocking a vulnerable minority and mocking the dominant majority. > Gamer originated in the 90s, in particular round-about 1996 with Quake Gamer predates its use for video gamers. I was a gamer in the late '80s because I liked RPGs and wargames. > It's funny the author mentions "transphobia", given the existence of many postmodern feminists who are openly against transsexuals. Why does that make the mention of transphobia funny? I don't understand or recognize this attitude at all. Vacation is important, and everybody I've ever met recognizes this. Life can't be all work with no time to relax. When a coworker goes on vacation, everybody wishes them a fun time and wants to know where they're going. But I'm not an American. If I understand correctly, Americans often get only 2 weeks off per year, and are often pressured to work more than 40 hours per week. It's clearly a cultural thing. Though to me it seems that this "sacrifice your life for work" culture is very harmful. > There's another side to this: a heavy tax burden. With all the income tax, property tax, VAT (21%) and ridiculous gas prices (about $6.60 per gallon) life isn't exactly cheap here. Any comparison with the US reminds me just how much value I'm getting in exchange for my tax. I pay it gladly. We still have a functional middle class. I don't know what PTO means, but I'm assuming it's unpaid. If so, I disagree. When I work less, I expect to get paid less. But when I work more, I also expect to get paid more. There's no such thing as unpaid extra hours, and I reserve the right to refuse working extra when I've got private obligations. If they do demand unpaid work, and for some weird reason I agree to that, then the door is definitely open for paid non-work. Whatever the deal is, it works both ways. Having previous employers as guaranteed positive references can be pretty valuable. On the other hand, if it's standard, what's the value of a positive reference? If you get extra pay and the non-disparagement goes both ways, for most people individually it's probably a good idea to sign it. But for society as a whole? I'm not so sure. > t isn't unprofessional to abruptly walk out on the job if giving notice was never in the requirements. Depends on circumstances and the details of your profession. If you're just a badly-treated wage slave, then definitely: walk out as soon as you find something better. But I'm an independent contractor/freelancer, and I'm currently working on a project that would probably take about a year. But my contract is always to the end of the quarter and gets extended by a quarter. I could probably refuse such a contract extension, and I considered it, because a previous client where I really, really enjoyed working, asked me if I was available. But I didn't because I felt it would be unprofessional to leave at this stage. I agree. I'm not quite as much a generalist as that guy, as I'm primarily a coder, but I code anything. Recruiters prefer more specialized coders (they just want front-enders, back-enders, Java specialists, Ruby specialists), but I'm all of those things. But my skillset works very well for more technically inclined companies; I've been despite not knowing the main language I was supposed to program in, and have learned at least one new language at every job, and one new framework at every freelance gig. Lately I've noticed I'm getting better at taking on non-coding responsibilities, and I'm not seeing that hurting my hireability at all. The price can only be that high if there is demand. The big question is the volume of the demand. If everybody suddenly starts selling, the price will quickly collapse again. Not sure what I'll do. I bought mine at the low a few weeks ago, so this would already be unbelievable profit. But it might go up even further. They're big. The people I talk to don't control the policies regarding contracts. In any case, I didn't lose anything. As long as I get paid for the hours I work, I'm happy. I'd be totally fine with the contract getting terminated tomorrow. I'm also fine with working here for another half year. But at more than a year, I think I'd get itchy. They did a bit more than that. They originally considered pulling out of the region entirely, but then a lot of people not involved in those conflicts would also lose their income. So instead, they spent extra time and money to figure out which mines, smelters, etc in the conflict areas were okay and which weren't. And that makes this very good news. I'm wondering: where is the new George Orwell? Why aren't all writers writing about this? Clearly we need a new 1984, because we didn't learn anything from the original. > The old joke: "Don't vote, it only encourages them" Problem is: if you don't vote, you're certain not to get the candidate you want. You're basically accepting their reign. Better to stubbornly vote for a small candidate who doesn't really have a chance. If enough people do that, he might accidentally get elected. The problem with the UK is that it now has 3 major conservative parties. But aren't there smaller parties you can vote for? And if there aren't any, surely you can start a new party? Find enough people who agree with you. Well, I'm not in the US. I'm Dutch, and from my perspective, you've got 3 conservative parties. Blair killed what used to be Labour. But it's a very valid reason for enacting laws that reduce poverty. But nobody is doing that, for some reason. > At what point am I "allowed" to feel uncomfortable? You're allowed to feel uncomfortable whenever you like. But that feeling is no basis to prosecute people. First book burnings in Canada, now in North Carolina. I expect new witch hunts in the New World. Have you read they article? They gave notoriously homeless people in London 3000 pounds each, and most of the homeless used it quite effectively to get their lives back in order. The very idea that there's a lazy underclass that needs to be forced to work against their will is a really big part of the problem here. If there's anything that keeps the poor from being productive, it's their lack of money. The constant worry about basic survival drains their energy and attention and keeps them from getting their lives back on track. Give them some leeway, and they may surprise you, as this and many other experiments keep showing. > Poverty is tied to race because race is tied to subculture. You don't think discrimination might be a factor here? Actually, the article points out that the government might actually save money by giving it away for free, rather than implementing all sorts of complicated restrictions and checks and hiring people to enforce those. I once read that when the M16 was adopted for use in Vietnam, it had some modifications that reduced its reliability (which got fixed in later versions). In Vietnam, they became infamous for their unreliability, to the point that Viet Cong soldiers would loot every bit of equipment off fallen US troops except for the rifle, and US troops would sometimes carry 3 M16s so they had a better chance of having a functioning rifle when their first one jammed. Jamming is a really big issue. When you're crawling through the jungle and suddenly you see someone who's about to shoot you, and you pull the trigger, you want bullets to start coming out of your barrel. There may not be any time to unjam it or get a backup weapon. So yes, the famed reliability of the AK47 is absolutely a factor. Easy to make, hard to break. Any product fitting that description is going to be easy to sell. That reminds me of a quick lock-picking trick that worked better with highly accurate parts with little clearance, than with cheap parts with lots of clearance. > That said, being arrested for a friend-request is silly. She could just block/ban/reject the request and no harm done. There's no such thing as a "friend request" in G+. You can follow someone, which means you get to see their public posts. The other person will get a notification of that, but won't see anything you post. Of course the other person can decide to follow you, and then you get to also see their non-public posts that they share with a circle you're in. And of course they get to see your posts (public and appropriate circles). But even if people don't follow you, G+ can still suggest that you might want to follow them. And this being Google, that could probably be based on the fact that you emailed each other a lot 2 years ago. So the big question here is: was it a notification that the restrainee followed the restrainer? Or was it Google inadvertently suggesting that the restrainer might want to follow the restrainee? Blocking does not prevent him from seeing her public posts, though. She may not notice, but you could still argue it's a form of stalking. And because of that notification, she now knows. > If he phoned a radio station while she was listenning it, would he also go to jail? I doubt it. The radio is a public forum that has nothing to do with her. As long as he doesn't mention her at all, it should be fine. (I assume; I'm no lawyer.) Similarly, he can have a blog, and her accidentally stumbling upon it should not count as a violation. Sending any kind of email directly to her, however, is direct contact and probably a violation of the restraining order. > This is a just a nice rhetoric, but unimplementable in practice due to existence of cheaters and free riders. There's no way to cheat, and if you'd read the article, you'd have seen all the instances that disprove this popular "free rider" myth. The simple fact is: people like money, and they're willing to work to get more of it. Very few people choose poverty if they have other options. > As far as I know, our system is unique, and that's probably because we were televising college athletics earlier and more heavily than other nations. It's not just that it's televised, it's that sports are tied to schools and colleges at all. Netherland has tons of youth sports, but all in indepdent, often volunteer-run clubs. For many sports (football and hockey[0] at least) there's a youth league for every two-year age group, and after the last one, when you're 18, you move to the adult leagues. Those are generally amateur leagues, but professional football clubs have their own youth programs (playing in the same leagues) and recruit from all clubs in the vicinity (not to mention rival clubs and foreign countries). [0] And here I mean the football where a round ball is played with the foot, rather than American Football; and the hockey that's played on a field, rather than ice hockey. > It's a shame, because the sport itself is very nice. I think fundamentally the problem is in watching other people sport. Sport is great for people to do. As entertainment for mass consumption, it's not so great. Better monitors in terms of brightness, color and other monitor-specific features. But not in resolution. And personally I really don't understand who in their right mind might want this kind of insane resolution for a TV. The resolution only makes sense for a monitor. Fix the issues, turn this thing into a monitor, and corner the market for big monitors. Yeah, I'd love to have such a big, high resolution display, but it has to meet some basic standards. I agree with the article that it's a waste to market that kind of resolution as a TV (why would a TV ever need that kind of resolution?), whereas a cheap, good quality high-res monitor could sell very well. Really? Are you saying my 2012 Mackbook Pro could use 16 GB? Do you have any source for that? I generally approve of gender-neutral language, but there are two big problems with this pull request: 1: "They's" is wrong. Don't do this with a blind global replace, but read what you're modifying. 2: Some of the changes are a quote from a song. No idea what that quote is doing in the code, but misquoting is not an improvement. It doesn't help that the person proposing the change is behaving like a troll. But if someone wants to do this change correctly, I'm all for it. It does, but you need to do it correctly. "They's" is stupid and wrong. Had it been changed to "they're", it'd be fine. > We have different values, priorities, and hormones than women, and given the same scenarios we're likely to come to a different conclusion than a woman. We have different hormones, definitely. But different values and priorities? Different conclusions? I (a man) have very different values and priorities from quite a lot of men. Men often come to different conclusions than other men. This is not a fundamental men vs women difference. People are different. Men and women are both people. > And how has that resulted in reducing the race disparity in science? Well, for one thing, he may inspire a lot of black kids to pursue science, when they otherwise might have decided that science isn't for black kids. Examples and inspiration are powerful things. Similarly, I suspect a lot of girls and non-white boys in school might feel that tech isn't fashionable/cool/otherwise acceptable for them, while it is for white boys. Such preconceptions need to be disproven. I don't even understand why a 1 star review would automatically appear, and a 5 star review wouldn't. What possible justification is there for that? Anyway, Google has a few ways they could fix this: * Allow users to rate reviews. Amazon does this. Why not Google? Or maybe rate reviewers, and don't show any reviews from notorious idiots. * Interpret the text of the review and check if it matches the score. Show those reviews that sound like they have something interesting to say. If any company can implement this, it's Google. * Separate reviews by country. > Of course the CIA doing its job to track down a murderous thug is somehow "messing with the biosafety" of the planet. It is. Discrediting vaccination programs is far more dangerous in the long run than any single terrorist. Even if he is the mastermind behind 9/11. The fight against polio is more important than this war on terror, and also a lot more likely to be successful. And the CIA is discrediting it by compromising it for the search for Bin Laden. It's great that they found him, but now a lot of people in one of the last places on earth where polio is still a big problem, know that the CIA could be behind any vaccination program. People will refuse vaccination, because it might be used to track down a family member, and polio will continue to exist. All because of the CIA's stupid move. > I would also note that the taliban were against vaccination before this happened. So let's not pretend that this is the reason they're against it They may have been against it, but now they have justification to be against it. The CIA has given them a much stronger argument to warn people not to get vaccinated: it's a front for the CIA to find and kill people. The CIA has politicized vaccination, and that was recklessly irresponsible. > That hollow sense of dissatisfaction needs to be replaced by the sense of achievement which can only be found by finishing something. By reaching the end. Oh man, this is giving me a great idea! Content consumption needs to be gamified ! Score points for actually reading an entire article. I could use something like that. Offline? What a brilliant innovation! I can't believe nobody thought of that before. More relevant is: what if only the wealthy own all the AI and robots? They already own all the trees, but they don't own the people necessary to harvest them and make stuff out of it. With strong AI, they will also own all labout, all production capacity, and all ability to maintain it; they won't need anyone else anymore. Middle and working class people will have become obsolete. Unless we change our economy to have a more equal distribution of wealth before we get there. Being turned down sounds a lot friendlier than being shot down. (Note: I haven't seen the movie, and have no idea of its violence level, but it sounded a lot more peaceful than that comment made it sound.) In ST:TNG people didn't really swipe on their interfaces, did they? So the only solution is to make the propriety, closed-source CDM blob independent from the browser. Something that can be plugged into any browser. Like Flash or Silverlight. Or maybe something more specialized that just handles the DRM with as little overhead as possible, to make sure it doesn't eat up more CPU than it should. If it cannot be open, it cannot be part of browsers that are open, which a lot of browsers are. Reading. Offline programming (or online, if the train has wifi). Or anything else, really. How do you normally spend your time? What do you want to do with your time? It depends a lot on what level you want to program at. A thorough CS education gives you the broadest and deepest foundation on which to build your practical skills. The skills you actually learn at university will probably quickly be outdated, but that's going to be true anyway, and a good foundation means you'll learn new languages faster, can more quickly pick up complex concepts, and can more easily switch to different areas of development. On the other hand, if you're happy doing just basic programming in a single language, you can probably learn that without an expensive education. People do that all the time. PHP is very popular with hobby programmers, so presumably easy to learn. I have almost no experience with PHP, but even Wikipedia uses it, so it's good enough for big stuff. There's lots of work in it, though my impression is that rates are a lot lower than for other languages. Python is also a very good starting language. Very well designed, and it has the advantage that you're not just limited to the web. Plenty of games have also been written in Python, for example. Jobs seem to be a lot less than PHP, but that probably means that rates are better. Another good option that might be worth considering is Ruby. Beautiful language, popular with hip startups, rapid development, but not great performance. If you want to look more into enterprise web development (which you probably don't, but I'm listing it for completeness sake), you have to look at Java. Popular in introductory programming courses. Started out as a nice, clean language, but has been surpassed by younger languages in that respect. There's loads of work at very good rates here, though it's unlikely to be the most exciting work. And whatever you do, Javascript is always worth learning. Get a good book, look at all the online tutorials, look at the code of popular open source projects, and start making your own thing. Windows is bad for programming only if you're familiar with Unix. A Unix shell can be an extremely powerful tool in the hands of someone who knows how to use it. These are the people who bitch about Windows. OSX and Linux are both unixen, so these are popular with unix afficianados. But if you're not familiar with Unix, Windows is perfectly fine as a programming environment. And though I miss the unix shell, I'm currently working on Windows myself. I'm not thrilled about it, but it works. English is not a strict requirement for programming; lots of people in countries where English is not so common, still manage to program perfectly fine. English does help to engage with the international community (where English is the Lingua Franca), though. That's pretty much my view. If the US persists, then there's basically no real alliance anymore. NATO is dead. I definitely hope so. I detest the politicized appointment process for the supreme court, but if you're going to appoint them, appoint this one. For many jobs, you need a professional rather than a politician. Judges, public prosecutors, police chiefs, etc should not be political positions. "Peculiar law"? Dutch laws aren't that different. A property has to have been empty for at least a year before it becomes legal to squat (and I believe these rules have been tightened further a couple of years ago, but I'm not entirely up to date). The reason to have squatting legal (with restrictions) is to make it unattractive to keep buildings unused in the face of housing shortage. Find some use for it or turn it into housing. If you don't, eventually, someone else can. > What would you have us do? -- all three hundred million of us, of course. Vote. For for better people. That is the basis of any democracy. You don't blindly follow your leaders, and you don't blame them for their mistakes and carry on as if there's nothing you can do about it, because you can do something about it. You can vote them out, and vote better people in. The fact that those three hundred million Americans haven't done that, is entirely their own responsibility. It is the responsibility of the American people is that they allow themselves to be lied to. That you allow every single politician to break their promises, and re-elect them anyway. That you keep voting for the same two parties. And yes, of course the first-past-the-post district system makes it a lot harder to have someone else win the vote. You'll have to mobilize a lot of people. But you have to start voting for different people. People unrelated to the big two parties. People who do politics in a different way. Find them and vote them into office. I'm a Christian, and I feel that people like Ham are actively harming Christianity, by effectively teaching people that it's at odds with the observable reality of this world, God's creation (which is studied by science). If you teach people that your faith contradicts science, and they later discover that science works, then what do you think their conclusion is going to be? And it's so utterly unnecessary. For centuries Christians haven't had any problems with science. This stupid biblical literalism movement is a very recent thing, and it thrives on ignorance. It's harmful not just to science, but also to Christianity. It's a false idol. > See, for example, Galileo Galilei, Giordano Bruno, Nicolas Copernicus You clearly do not know what the Galileo case was about. I'm not sure about Bruno, but Copernicus wasn't prosecuted, excommunicated or tortured either. If you believe Galileo or Copernicus were, then you've been fed lies or have jumped to unfounded conclusions (though you wouldn't be the first). The Church of that day played an active role in science, and was absolutely open to the possibility of a heliocentric system. But they wanted a model that accurately reflected observations, which Galileo's model didn't. Galileo claimed it was correct anyway (which it wasn't), and called the pope a fool, for which he got house arrest, but wasn't tortured or anything. Eventually, Keppler's model was proven correct and was accepted by the church. In the end it's people that have to do the work. No methodology can magically fix stuff for you; the best it can do is help people focus on what's important. What's important depends on your situation. Pick a methodology that fits your needs. To me, Scrum really helps me focus on what's important now, and not waste too much time on potential future problems. It's sad that as most of the world is moving towards legalization, we're suddenly moving backwards. This makes me want to start a blog to share and mock all the irrational hatred I'll receive if I ever make a successful app. I'm not sure if that'd actually be a good idea, but there are so many trolls out there getting a hardon from sending despicable threats from a position of anonimity and non-accountability, that I think exposing those creeps somehow would be a public service. My dad was well-served by skipping a grade. He went to university when he was 16, and eventually got a PhD. I think I would have done better if I'd skipped a grade. By the time I got to university, I'd grown so lazy I couldn't deal with courses that required actual work. A bit more challenge a bit earlier would have served me well. My son goes to a Montessori school that has two different grades in each class, so you hear not just the stuff for your grade, but also for the next (or previous) one. I think that's a perfect environment for skipping grades, because you get to condense two years into one. Point 4 is wrong. It says that by switching jobs often, your career stagnates. Quite often the opposite is true; switching gives you an opportunity to grow, take on new responsibilities that you don't get at your old place, learn and compare different ways of doing things, etc. I've had lots of great jobs where I had a great time and learned a lot, but at every single one, leaving was one of my best decisions there. Now that I'm a freelancer, I switch a lot more, and I notice a comparable increase in the rate at which I'm learning and growing. To me, 4 years is too long. 2 years is probably perfect for a salaried job. 6-12 months for a freelance contract. But this can be totally different for other people. That's not irony, that's simply someone listening and changing his mind. That is a normal and healthy thing to do. Neelie Kroes is pretty much the only notable politician I'd trust to get this right. She's generally on the side of openness, transparency, competition, etc. You might have heard of her before in the base of the EU vs. Microsoft at the height of their monopoly. And partly because US companies often get secret assistance from their government. The EU is better at creating a level playing field for open competition than the US. > There is no such thing as "secret assistance" in the US US spy agencies assisting Boeing with their bid against Airbus may not be secret anymore, but it was certainly intended as such. The US government negotiating in Russia on behalf of Visa and MasterCard may not be secret, but it's certainly not the kind of assistance smaller companies can count on. Face it, the US government and US corporations are in bed together. They represent each other's interests. This happens on a scale you don't see in the EU, or probably anywhere else. I don't know what economic woes you are referring to, but I don't thing selling your government to the corporations is healthy for your economy. So how's the Android version doing? Please tell me there is one. Because complaining about the walled garden and then ignoring the larger and more open platform, that's rather silly. So what role does the Bitcoin Foundation play in the Bitcoin world? Is this a threat to Bitcoin itself, or is this just some people who thought it'd be a nice name to give themselves some superficial credibility? Don't make threats if you don't intend to follow up on them. Also, from his lawyer: "They didn't find pentagrams and candles. He wasn't listening to Judas Priest." WTF does that have to do with anything? Do only Judas Priest fans shoot up kindergartens? Is there something wrong with liking pentagrams and candles? I think that lawyer is the real creep here, and that kind of defense deserves to be ineffective. In any case, if you threaten to shoot up a kindergarten, of course the police is going to look into you. Imagine the outrage if they got a tip like that, ignored it, and then the guy shot up a kindergarten? They have no option but to detain him, and the lack of candles in his home is utterly irrelevant to that. And of course they then need to gather complete evidence, which includes the facebook conversation, details of his past, his mental health, etc. And maybe they messed up there. They clearly messed up some other stuff, in particular the jail where someone can get sexually molested, and the fact that they conned him out of a lawyer. The article does list a number of worrying aspects of US law enforcement injustice that seems way too common lately. But that doesn't change the fact that if you make a death threat, you should expect to get arrested. > Wow, I didn't realise US police were that bad. You didn't? Stories about attrocious behaviour by US police, and the sorry state of the US prison system, not to mention the fact that the US locks up more people than any other country in the world, have received a lot of attention here and elsewhere. To me, the worst one was the prison that bribed a judge to convict more children. > America is pretty good -- don't anecdotes from the internet says deter you. It's not merely anecdotes; there's plenty of hard data. The US locks up more people in absolute numbers than any country in the world, including China, which has 4 times the population and a totalitarian government. Per capita, the only countries with more inmates are a handful of tiny Carribean islands, I believe. Law enforcement is structurally not being held accountable. Stories about police officers killing or tazering unarmed and even disabled people abound, usually followed up by a story that nobody got charged with any wrongdoing (except maybe the victim). In talks online, I notice that a lot of Americans are afraid of the police. Tons of websites warn not to say anything to the police. The message that the police cannot be trusted is everywhere. This is not the image of healthy, democratic, rule of law. It's a police state. > Teenagers say stupid shit all the time And sometimes they do stupid shit. Some simple advice: don't shoot people, and don't threaten to shoot people. Threats can be very serious, and shouldn't be thrown about so casually. Note that though Maine has the lowest incarceration rate of the US, globally they're only average. Most countries in Europe still have a lower incarceration rate, for example. And every other US state has a higher incarceration rate than Maine. Many 3 times as high, some 5, one even 10 times as high. The US as a whole has by far the highest incarceration rate of the whole world. Maybe Maine is the exception as the only sane state in this regard. As a whole, the situation in the US is attrocious. But even the safest state is still roughly comparable with the least safe country in Europe. Yes, there's lots of variation, just as there is anywhere else, but on the whole, incarceration in the US is just plain crazy. Nobody is suggesting that Stalin was not one of the worst totalitarian tyrants ever. He is personally responsible for more deaths than anyone else, and possibly even Hitler. And yet, somehow, the US manages to lock more people in prison than this totalitarian scumbag. That should be food for thought for anyone with half a brain. > So one story of the justice system going wrong in the USA means the whole system is systemically corrupt? Have you read the post you're responding to? What a single story means or doesn't mean has ceased being relevant ages ago. It's systemic. It's normal. The corruption has become mundane. > It wasn't a threat. It was a series of tasteless jokes. It's a joke that looks a lot like a threat. And threats aren't funny. The arrest was not disproportional. The corruption that happened after the arrest was of course totally crazy and wrong, but the police investigating threats is not wrong. The problem here is that they didn't really investigate it; they just tried to get him convicted by any means possible. But when someone says he's going to shoot up a kindergarten, the police absolutely should investigate. Serious threats and "joke" threats are not always easy to tell apart. And dismissing serious threats as "it's probably a joke" can be very dangerous. Of course you shouldn't be imprisoned for a stupid joke, but any threat that looks serious has to be investigated. And people shouldn't assume they can do stupid things with impunity just because they _meant_ it as a joke. Some stupid jokes are far more stupid than people realize, and can really hurt people, directly or indirectly. This wasn't a specifically targeted threat, but some "joke" threats are targeted, and the target can't always tell whether it's serious or a stupid joke. And assuming all threats are jokes means that the serious ones get ignored. And sometimes some real bastards hide behind "it's just a joke. Can't you take a joke?" while they're threatening and intimidating people. And considering how easy it is to simply not make "joke" threats, I'd rather see threats taken too seriously than ignored. Yes, the corruption and travesty of justice after the arrest is horrible, and (yet another) sign that something is really rotten in US law enforcement. But in principle, detaining someone who says he's going to shoot up a school is a sensible precaution. Don't want to be detained? Easy: don't say you're going to shoot people. > Look into != jail for several months. Oh, absolutely. The utter travesty and corruption after the arrest is atrocious. And that sort of stuff seems to happen way too often in the US. I'm not defending that at all. The only thing I'm saying is that treating threats as a joke is stupid and dangerous, and the police should investigate threats, and not assume they're merely a joke without investigating. Apparently that makes me a minority on HN, and most people here seem to think joke threats are okay. I don't. But this was a free app, wasn't it? That would make the revenue aspect fairly irrelevant. The workaround for shipping goods seems easy: put a different name on the shipment. As long as the address is correct, it should be fine. Will US customs check the names of everybody who is officially registered at that address in the UK? I suspect not. And if it has to be a real name, just put the name of your spouse, friend or family member on it. Of course all of that just illustrates how utterly ineffective such an OFAC blockade is. And having an unusual name can also make you run afoul of Google+'s "no unusual name" policy, where accounts get blocked just because someone at Google thinks it can't be a real name (they're often wrong). Your 6 month old kid is already a terrorist? Way to go, parent. Bad data would have my vote. It's nasty, subtle, harder to detect, and it would undermine people's trust in the culprit. I'm proud of my 32-hour work week. That makes more sense to me than being proud of working 60 hours. I have said no to job offers that required me to work 5 days. I explained how it was old-fashioned and that people with kids needed time with their kids too, that part-time work was the way of the future, and that people aren't fully productive for 40 hours a week anyway, so a 4 day work week generally gets you more than 80% of the productivity of a 5 day work week. They fully agreed, and yet they still couldn't hire me for less than 5 days. The job sounded great, but I said no. It was a good decision. What exactly are these Bitcoin withdrawals? I hear they tend to take a lot of time. I own some Bitcoin, but I bought them at a site that's not MtGox, though I think that site used the MtGox exchange, and stored the bitcoin at blockchain.info, which immediately had the bitcoins I purchased. No noticeable waiting for the transaction to be verified or anything. So what exactly is the problem here? Are my bitcoins at blockchain.info safe? Do I care what happens at MtGox? Am I required to transfer them there before I can sell them there? (Very unlikely I'd ever want to use MtGox at this point, but you never know.) But is taking advantage of other people's BTC being stuck there, strictly legal? If they're doing that, they're basically keeping other people's BTC hostage for personal profit. Yeah, it's nuts that Google leaves it to individual developers to figure this out. Handling stuff like this is exactly what should be part of the service that Google is charging that 30% fee for. I'm Dutch, and I've asked the Dutch tax service if I'd have to charge VAT if I sold through Android Marketplace to foreigners, to EU members or to Dutchmen. They didn't know. They suspected nobody really knew. They'd ask if there was any policy on that, and maybe initiate policy on it. They'd get back to me, but never did. If I ever end up selling through the Play Store, I'll just charge some price, and deal with any tax service when they knock on my door. I'll probably tell my own tax service that it's all international sales unless they have more details for me. But that's exactly the problem. The individual developer still needs to figure out whether to collect or pay anything for all those different countries. That's inefficient. Google should handle that. Just charge whatever you need, and if they come knocking, give them whatever they can prove they deserve. It may knock 20% off your revenue from that market, but it's still better than 0% revenue from that market. > If you're selling to customers within your own country or within the EU, you should charge the same rate of VAT as you would for selling software to people in your home country. The thing is: when I'm selling through an international platform like the Play Store, do I even know where my customers live? Well, maybe I do, but I'd much rather do my business with Google and have them handle the second half of the transaction for me. I'm registered for VAT simply because I have a business that's not in health care. As far as I know, I have to register for VAT even if I'm below the threshold where I'd have to _pay_ the VAT. > Does Google ask you about your VAT status? Do you pay them 30% of the gross (4.99) either way? No idea, but it's an interesting question. Do I have to pay VAT over their share of my revenue, with it coming out of my share of the revenue? That would be odd. Yet another reason why Google should be handling this. Is not using something for a single day a sign you never need it? I sometimes don't refer to SO for weeks, simply because I'm dealing with problems I can figure out without it. But sometimes I'm dealing with something I'm totally unfamiliar with, and docs and tutorials are badly written, and then some example on Stackoverflow can be a great help. And more importantly, sometimes I'm stuck on something really obscure. Doesn't happen a lot; once every few months or so, but when it happens, putting a bounty on Stackoverflow is a really nice option to have. Are there really people who check Stackoverflow every single day of programming? So apparently, a quarter of Americans gets "Does the Earth go around the Sun, or does the Sun go around the Earth?" wrong. Imagine my surprise that of EU citizens, a third got the question wrong! We score lower than India and Malaysia, which scored significantly lower at the earlier questions. I'm totally baffled about how so many people from well-educated nations with space programs can get this wrong. Interesting. I used to draw a lot as a kid, and was pretty good at it, but I now realize that the more I programmed, the less I drew. As it happens, the vast majority of the people in the world live in the northern hemisphere. There's really not a lot of land in the southern hemisphere. The equator bisects Africa, South America and Indonesia. China, India, the Middle East, they're all in the northern hemisphere. > magnetic north on a compass is a natural way to orient something. More so than magnetic south?