How does the U.S. effort in Haiti compare to the U.S. effort in New Orleans? Let's say that I don't want to be safer, and choose to live dangerously. I have no interest in comparing the number of people injured in each. I am not looking at this stage for context. I want to have an absolute comparison - has the U.S. been better organised in their Haiti relief mission than in the New Orleans one. If so, why? Petzold's "Code". That is such a useful phrase. I'd hate to forget it. Here, could you write it down for me on the back of this postage stamp using this banana to write with? Thanks. No. Taking a Masters in maths with the Open University. Usually have at least one language on the go in evening classes. What of those who play for the love of the game? Those who think a good match is one in which everyone enjoyed themselves? Those for whom the score exists only as a by-product of what they see as the point - to have a good time? They're not competitive and they it more fun for everyone else. If that translates into their work, they'd surely be far better employees than hyper-competitives. Indeed. All we care about is the money. Perhaps it's just a bit of fun. I feel it should be pointed out that whilst what you say is probably an accurate depiction, it of course does not make it alright to murder non-combatants. That's not to say that this alleged video will show such things, of course. Just as a point of discussion, history indicates that within a war zone, professionally trained soldiers tend to do better than those relying on BASIC instinct. Isn't that true of everything ever recorded? What point are you making? It is easy for us, yes, but the topic at hand isn't how easy it is for us to watch footage. How easy it is for us to dissect it has no bearing whatsoever on the events themselves. Put another way, how difficult does it have to be for us to see what happened before it's acceptable for us to disagree with the actions taken? Edit: This is a fantastically unpopular comment! Is it my lack of respect for the "Thou shalt not Monday-morning quarterback, no matter how badly the quarterback screwed it up" commandment? :) "This article, IMHO, is written by someone who has no idea how things work just about anywhere that's not the industrialized West" Seems to have a pretty good idea how things work in a factory in China. At the risk of sounding trite and sliding into philosophy, how many people have to do something unacceptable before it becomes acceptable? Unemployed, with just enough to magically pay the rent. Honestly, it took about ten seconds to learn it was on the other side. Is it really that much trouble for people to adapt? It's been less than a day and I don't even notice it's on the other side any more. Yes, there's the argument that people should (and can) put it wherever they like, but seriously, within ten or so instances it's relearned. Ubuntu Linux is in danger of becoming the new windows. Time to move to Plan 9! I don't see that becoming mainstream for at least a year. I thought HN was a hangout for people wanting to start their own business. Edit: Yikes. I guess the truth hurts. :) "If change were always a good thing, and temporary uncomfort good - do you mind if I borrow that office chair of yours and replace it with a different one? If you're still bored, there's this French-layout keyboard I could give you. And - no, don't use it with UK/US layout, that would be boring." These are not good examples. I just use whichever chair is closest to where I want to sit when I want to sit, and I switch between dvorak and qwerty more than once a day without even noticing any more. Likewise, I anticipate, whichever side the close button is on. These are utterly inconsequential changes. I'd be willing to bet that the time I would save each day by having the close button more often nearer to where the mouse pointer is when I need to close a window is swallowed up in a single digressive conversation lasting less than a few minutes. I tried to eat an apple but chipped my tooth on the monitor. A descriptive name doesn't necessarily make it so. DDT was a fantastic invention for combating malaria. Great invention, terrible application thereof. > it's pretty obvious Wikileaks has some biases, particularly anti-war Who exactly does not have an anti-war bias? Mass-murdering psychopaths? Insane dictators? Anyone who likes killing other people? I can't build (for example) a doomsday device that will eliminate all life on Earth. I still think I should be allowed to disagree with the building of one. Alright, let's ignore research because it complicates the matter. Correct doomsday device scenario to "I've never carried out genocide, but I still think I should be able to disagree with it." It's been a decade and I'm still paying (although I didn't have to start paying them back until about 3 years after leaving university). Since I studied in the UK, my student loan on leaving (after 4 years) was around 8500 UKP (I was in the last entry year that didn't pay fees), which is a pittance compared to what some of you chaps ending up borrowing. I can't help but think that if you don't know where to start (different from having too many places to start), you don't need to. If you need it, there should be something obvious - some programme that really needs to be written, and simply must run on such-and-such a system, and that will inform you on what to learn. "What, objectively, is so much better and easier under Linux? Note, we're talking dev machine here, and not deployment serv" Tool chaining. For me, the ease with which I can bang out scripts and makefiles and have the tools easily check out versioned code from rcs/svn and that I can pipe and redirect and have a host of efficient tools like grep and nm and objdump and more, and they all work together piping and redirecting to make exactly what I want in so many easily altered configurations. Release and debug and partial debug and static-checking build and more, with all the makefiles just text - so easy to alter and tweak and copy and share (and even have them configure on the fly, reading the output from the compilation and rerunning with extra warnings or debug symbols) and have them run commands themselves like sending eMails to everyone who is listed as an interested party on the source controlled spec list, and so much more. Valgrind is so useful that if I have to develop on a Win32 machine I get a version of it going under MinGw, and sometimes I run a Win32 debug under Wine on Linux so I can use Valgrind on it. I sound like the biggest *nix dev env fanboy ever. Do I mean under MinGW? I forget. Maybe I never got that to work and that's why I use Wine under Lin. Which of those two styles is being presented as superior? "He is also quite strict about being hard sci-fi (no faster than light travel for example)." Or rather, it was tried (in the Revelation Space series) but did not work out well... Checking my command history, grep comes out on top. Yes, I have never seen anyone ignore someone else. I've got an idea. How about if you want a presence on the web, you have this website that you control with whatever data and pictures you want on it? Coders can develop things we'll call content management systems to make it a bit easier for you to put your data on there if you don't want to do it all yourself, and since you'll control it, you can add whatever tools and automation and widgets and the like. It must be about time for TechCrunch to hyperbolically declare the death of Firefox, then. If sexual abuse and rape of children is the price to pay for national security, is that price worth paying? Because the role of the government in an allegedly free market is not to boost or squelch specific businesses. That's what happens in planned economies such as the old Soviet Union. The government already discourages some kinds of business through the creation and enforcement of laws. Going beyond that is not the action of "the government", but can only be the action of individuals within the government abusing power to pursue their own beliefs and agenda. No no, "Nej" means no. :) Let go your preconceptions; cause and effect, this "trigger" of which you speak, is an idea you have built living in this universe with these physical characteristics. "where performance is important" Really? I'm so out of touch. I always put Java down as something to use when performance wasn't important. Maybe I'm going insane and what's on my monitor is not what I'm reading inside my head, but I just spend a few minutes going through their compatibility checker and they don't list a single phone that it's compatible with. Just a whole bunch of unsupported phones. http://wakemate.com/compatibility/ And genocide. Genocide is more wrong too! You've incorrectly used an apostrophe there, chum. Does it? Exactly which dictionary did you literally find that in? Do you even know what the word "literally" means? I'm a fair man; let's do some checking. Here's one: http://www.macmillandictionary.com/dictionary/american/prote... "an illegal system in which criminals threaten to harm you or your property if you do not give them money" How strange; it's not remote close to what you literally read as a dictionary definition. I've checked other dictionaries too; same story. Here's an idea; why not open up this magical dictionary you have and see what it says under the word "literally". So there's someone who knows how the locks on your building can be picked, and then offers to tell you how to fix it so they can't? That doesn't sound like extortion. It sounds like someone being helpful. In case you struggle to draw the analogy here, in this case we have Geohot, who knows a lot about how to do something Sony really want to do, offering to help them do it. That's not extortion. If you call that extortion, then presumably when the fire department sends out leaflets on how to prevent fires, you call that extortion too. "If you and I are neighbors and we agree that you I will pay you 250$ a month to not park you car in front of my house (while you legally have a right to do so), should that not be allowed?" I don't know how it works elsewhere, but in the UK there are a number of legal rights that cannot be signed away. For example, tenancy agreements with illegal clauses are simply enforceable for those clauses, whether it's signed or not. Another example; one cannot consent to Grievous Bodily Harm, even if you really want to (this one was taken all the way through the legal system when someone consented to having a nail hammered through a rather sensitive part of his body). Simply not true. Laughably so. Listen to yourself. You're telling people not to invest because they'll only do well out of it rather than doing very well out of it. People were saying the same thing about gold two years ago and one year ago. Would this be better labelled "Why web programmers need to learn JavaScript"? An awful lot of programmers will never need to touch any JavaScript. "More men are not needed in childcare/teaching because women are naturally - from birth - better at the type of empathy and communication that is required in those fields." If you empathise with someone, it is harder to cause them discomfort because it causes you discomfort also. Thus, someone with lesser empathy would be better at discipling children. "I disagree that men are better at disciplining children than women are." You can't have it both ways, Sarkozy. Which is it? I always thought OO was a design philosophy rather than a set of tick boxes that a programming language/notation must provide. Design in OO, code in whatever you like, but note that some programming languages make it easier than others. Obviously my interpretation is no more authoritative than anyone else's :( Awesome. It's your idea, so you can go first :) The first thing I notice is the bad spelling; "continuosly" infers amateur who doesn't proofread or run a spellchecker. Alternatively, provide documents in latex or similar and people can do the final compilation themselves, dictating exactly the details of the physical medium (be that printed paper or an electronic display of some kind) they will be using to view it. This would require people learning how to do something, though. Are you saying that women can't appreciate elegance and brevity? Perhaps your kind of attitude is why there aren't more females in programming. "That's interesting, but damn is that some ugly code" I would disagree. That code is beautiful. Elegance and brevity; it's as close to a pure expression of the coder's thoughts as it's reasonably possible to get. Sounds like a case of mishandled expectation to me. Computer science is a mathematical and logical discipline; programming is a good means to practice that mathematics and logic, but it's not what computer science is. The relevant RFCs make it clear what is a correct eMail address. Why should we have to put with lazy or incompetent coders who can't be bothered to meet the standard? So because Facebook don't know what counts as a valid eMail address, everyone else has to adapt to them? But you might say "Which car am I driving in?" If you create a completely real company with the driving intention to get yourself health insurance because you can't or won't do it as an individual, it won't matter how real the company is. The insurers will decline to pay out. Not everyone habitually uses eMail or social networks. Your lack of imagination astounds me. I suspect that you realise that your original comment was hopelessly flawed, but you now refuse to admit it. Many people don't use the Facebook. Lots of people use eMail, but there's been an earthquake. Their workplaces are buried. Their computers are under rubble. The majority of eMail users do not know how to configure a new PC to access their eMail. They've relied on it just working on their existing systems. That's gone. There are so many other things that could stop people using their eMail or their Facebook page. What's needed is a single, central information collator and provider. That's what has been created. A number of prices will be going down because of reduced dividend expectation. Companies that are about to make a big loss due to natural disasters are going to reduce dividends, so the shares are actually worth less than they were a week ago. That said, the "efficient market hypothesis" of which you speak; that is, the idea that any and all future price rises and falls have already been factored in - is false. Many investors _are_ ignorant. Many are stupid. Many are prone to panic. They are prone to everything that all other humans are prone to. Many are in fact big funds that have preset automated buying and selling positions and would happily buy and sell regardless of what else is going on. As evidence, I point to every bubble and crash there has ever been. "There is no base for any beliefs, if you ask me." Yet I bet you go on eating food, in the belief it will keep you alive. The ability to think clearly about problems and solve them in a coherent, sensible fashion. If a programmer can't do this, and so many can't, it doesn't matter what buzzword tech proficiency is being claimed. "The only GPS degredations that I'm aware of were intentional." Yes, it has to be intentionally spoofed or jammed. However, there are bad people in the world who intentionally do bad things. This can be done with surprisingly little knowledge and ability, and such devices are commercially available. The GPS system is fine; the problem is that anyone can flick a switch and mess with it. The US military does not have some kind of magic device to stop that happening. "The GPS system may be an exception to the purity argument." It is very definitely not. With one device I can mess with everyone's nav system, if everyone uses GPS. If there was a mix of systems being used; GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, the forthcoming COMPASS, the regional Beidou and other such regional systems, LORAN and eLORAN ground-based systems, inertial navigation systems (Which aren't brilliant but are getting better) and various other options, I will have a much, much harder time of messing with everyone's navigation. If you build it, they will come. From recent days, give people a 1Gbps connection, with a decent upstream, and they'll use it despite what the market research claimed in advance (go go, Kansas). Time and time again, when you give people a useful tool they can adapt to their own needs, they will find ways to use it. Give people the ability to define an object they want built out of plastic, and they will use it. Oh, how they'll use this. The ability to make any shape object out of plastic in your own home? The uses people find for this are going to be endless. I was hoping it was about Joanna Rutkowska :( They would save more time by simply not coming here. They can save lots and lots of time by not reading anything. Additional knowledge takes time to read and then adds time to your decision making process. Too many choices. These people should just write out a schedule and keep to it perfectly. No distractions, no extras, no discovery. No need for people to read things to understand them. Simply let someone else read them for you and tell you what to think. Agreed; the (possibly impossible) goal of any sensible government should be full unemployment. HN is an internationally read site. Things that are illegal in some countries are not illegal in others. As responsible citizens, it is up to the individual to not engage in illegal activities in the region said individual is in. Both of those sound like good things. Brand name companies like Enron, WorldCom, Lehman Brothers, Bear Sterns... Only if it uses violence or the threat thereof; otherwise, it's theft. Because some of the bacteria remain. Not enough to make you feel unhealthy. Enough to breed and spread. These survivors are the ones that were most resistant to the antibiotics. Now they have less competition. They will breed more bacteria. More bacteria who inherit their improved resistance to antibiotics. Some of their children will be even more resistant. Some of their children will end up in someone else who, just like you, did not finish the course of antibiotics and, just like you, ended up being an incubator for a hardier, more antibiotic resistant strain. Eventually, the children are completely resistant and they laugh in the face of antibiotics, and then people start dying. People you never met. People who might be generations down the line from you infected with a super-resistant strain that can be traced back to you and others like you. "People often tell me to make stuff, and when I do, I follow tutorials and simply copy what I'm told to write to move on." That's not making stuff. You have to think about it yourself. Programming is not memorising syntax and copying other people. Programming is thinking about solving problems in a way suited to the tools you have. That is what you need to work on. Actually, for what I do, they are paying me too much. They'd know if they were able to monitor what I do all day. Sounds like some kind of OCD obsessive, or the plot to a bad sci-fi movie. Hinge your existence on your code? What does that even mean? I code therefore I am? How good is "good enough", anyway? It's quite possible to churn out decent code without it being the hinge of one's existence. The same comment goes on to say "When you jump of the cliff their is exponential growth before you hit the ground. When its time to pay bills well climb back up the cliff when you get to the top of it you will find your self much further." so there's either an awful lot being lost in translation, or this is someone to whom coherent thought does not come easily. Because you've been a bad, bad boy and now you're going to be punished... :p Follow the link, watch the video that pops up... some guy walking around fiddling with a tablet. What's being sold here? The tablet? Some software? Services? No idea... watch for thirty seconds... still no idea... click the "about" button... more pictures of someone's shoes. Maybe they're selling shoes. It's no crazier than any other "paradigm-redefining" introspective code blog post we see the web churn out day after day. What is it that you wish to learn? If you're a self-taught programmer who wants to learn (to use an extreme example) bricklaying, then you won't have much use for the standard undergrad CS reading list. Similarly, if you want to be a better programmer, the list will be different to that of the standard undergrad CS reading list. Can you tell us what your goal here is? Do you actually want to do CS, or do you want to fill in some of the theoretical gaps that might be useful to you as a coder, or do you actually not care so much about the theory and just want to be a better programmer? "I would be concerned too as a parent if a teacher's aid did that" How is that concerning? If she'd posted a picture of herself executing kittens, or planning a series of gruesome murders, yes, sure, that's concerning. But a pictures of pants and ankles? How is that something to be concerned about? Or are you saying that you don't think that's anything to worry about, but you only want your children to be near adults who spend their lives in some kind of insane fearful paranoia? If that IS what you want, what's wrong with YOU? What kind of people would your children turn into if every adult they ever met was a terrified paranoic? Right on. We all know C has always been the big one :) Because it's really hard to read the book in the dark. Ba-dum TISH. This sounds like OOP gone horribly wrong. OOP isn't for the code's benefit; it's for _my_ benefit. Some problems can be easily thought about in terms of independent objects; it makes it easy to work out the solution, and to code an elegant, coherent solution. Some problems just don't suit that kind of thinking. Applying OOP to something it's not suited for and then blaming OOP for the resultant mess is just silly. "I wish more developers treated learning to program like learning a foreign language. When you're learning a foreign language, your #1 goal is to cast off any poor grammar or pronunciation and sound like an intelligent native speaker." I'm not sure that's true at all. When I learn a foreign language, my aim is to be able to communicate. The extra effort required to be perfect far outweighs what I need from it. The native speakers I talk to are quite capable of taking my bad grammar and understand my meaning. Wanting to sound like an intelligent native speaker isn't just at the bottom of my list of needs; it's not even on the list. When learning a programming language, I have no choice; I must have perfect grammar. "Such poor communication skills would be humiliating when trying to communicate in a foreign language" Not at all, in my experience. Simply having some simple grasp of the local language is met with delight; just having made the effort goes a long way, even if the locals themselves prefer to speak with me in English. "Obviously the iPhone was revolutionary." The iPhone's marketing was very good. I'm not sure there was anything revolutionary about it. Edit: Rather than answer individuals below, I'll state my terms here. Revolutionary indicates a complete change - the overturning of all that was before. We already had phones, we already had pocket computers, we already had phones that were pocket computers, we already had phones that were pocket computers that you could get extra programs for, we already had increasing use of them as time went on. We already had. "Revolution: A forcible overthrow of a government or social order for a new system." By your own definition; _same_ system, just different controller, so no revolution. "the purpose of a computer is to connect to the Internet." That's either horribly badly worded (the purpose of _this_ computer is to connect to the internet, perhaps?) or demonstrates a phenomenally narrow view of the world. For something that implies on the cover that it is going to get real about build wep apps, there's very little actual building of web apps in there. If that's the goal, we can reduce fatalities to zero by all being sterilized. Once we're all dead, there will be no humans left and the human death rate drops to zero, permanantly. I've been a programmer for more than a decade and 18 hour days are few and far between. This bizarre obsession with long hours seems to be common in a very small segment of the programming industry. "if we are simply the same as the females, how do I prove my manhood?" Why do you feel the need to? A piece about the future being from the future? Sounds pretty sensible to me :) All of us? All of you, perhaps. Wrong kind of tex :p http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/251414413/tex-murphy-pro... That makes no sense to me. I know exactly what skills my company needs (or rather, what the hiring people look for on the CV). I know exactly what the interview is looking for. I know exactly what programming language to brush up on, and I know the complete set of coding problems set in the interview. I know it so well that the last person I recommended (for the recruitment bounty) breezed through after I tipped her off on the coding questions. I could get through the whole process easily. I doubt I'm the only person. What kind of people set questions in interviews without knowing what answer they're hoping for? How do they know if the candidate is any good if they don't know the answer themselves? That sounds.... well, it sounds insane. More internet misogyny. Fortunately, this one comes with a way to actual give for the cause. "any new language today should be all beginner friendly" I disagree. I think any new language should be designed to best meet the kind of problem it's being created to deal with. Making it "beginner friendly" (whatever that means - I bet there are lots of different interpretations) is a nice extra, but should not come at the expense of solving the problems. "In fact, only the one who is more beginner friendly will survive in the long run" That makes no sense to me. In any industry with a sizeable number of workers, there is a huge range of tools, from the entry level easy-to-use up to the fantastically intricate and arcane. Tools that are not "beginner friendly" are that way for a reason. As an example, assembly code is never going away; for the obvious reason that if nobody understands it, nobody can write compilers, and also because there are cases where knowing assembly is useful and helps to make better code, whether it's taking apart the code to really, truly get every last clock-cycle of power out of the thing, or to take apart code in the search for arcane bugs and wonderfully subtle interactions causing unexpected behaviour. Assembly is old, and will never go away, and is (for most meanings of the phrase) not beginner-friendly. The only advantage to a language being "beginner friendly" is that beginners can learn it fast. What you then get are inexperienced programmers who know just enough to be dangerous (this is not an attack on them; it's the case in any industry with a low barrier to entry, and a stepping stone to being better). One expert, experienced programmer with knowledge of a "beginner unfriendly" language is worth literally dozens of first-day coders wielding their hand-holding, garbage-collecting, counting-begins-at-one modern version of BASIC. That is never going to change, and every first-day coder wants to become that expert. Even if somehow all the non-"beginner friendly" languages died, the very next day someone who'd been coding in this "beginner friendly" language for a decade would finally get sick of it and start designing a language she can truly express herself in without having all the hand-holding that holds her back. So if you ever did something bad, you can't stop other people doing it? An ex-thief gone straight should watch and do nothing as someone is robbed in front of him? A reformed killer must turn away as someone is murdered in front of her? A nation that manages to start on the road away from its prejudices must turn a blind eye to the suffering of other peoples? Do they have multi-billion dollar globe-spanning industries and vast amounts of lobbying power? A handful of people making lots of money does not make it any less a niche or novelty. Yes, but in my case it's the kind of business done out of interest rather than to turn a profit. Like running a second-hand bookstore in a building you own in Paris, opening at lunchtime and spending the day swapping chit-chat and literary references over coffee and chess with a handful of regulars and the occasional wage-slave who sneaked out of work. Their prime target - windows users - are in general confused by the concept of Linux distributions. Calling it just Ubuntu, and having PPAs and apps (or "computer programs" as old-timers call them) just for Ubuntu (or at least, that will definitely "just work" in Ubuntu) will make it easier to get windows users. "I expect an objection that assumes for-profit businesses don't act rationally to maximize profit, I won't pursue that." Why not? Sounds like a valid objection that undermines your entire argument. Well I do think it is, and I've provided as much argument as you, so I suppose we'll just have to accept that we'll never know. "For some reason, people in IT often seem to think the law doesn't apply to you if you act within sly nod nod, wink wink guidelines." Which UK law would that be? As I understand it, that's the contentious issue. That he didn't break the law. I understand (from your own source article) that people who very much are lawyers disagree that providing a link is a crime, and that the only UK prosecution of such did not provide a decision either way. Again, something these people can simulate at home :) "Oh, it's funny to see people trying to prove gamers harass Anita just because she is a woman." There is a game in which one can simulate punching her in the face, with realistic looking bruising and facial injuries, quite clearly evoking the horrific sub-culture amongst some males that hurting women is entertaining and funny. Pick someone else who did something "stupid" online and see if you can find a game simulating realistic facial injuries on them. You find it funny? I'm not laughing. Serious question. Do you genuinely not see the qualitative difference between that kind of cartoony game involving a major public figure, and the game with the images you can see on the original post? In your mind, are they essentially the same thing? Not trying to be nasty; to many, many people they are of completely different intent, but I am aware that some people just cannot sense that kind of thing. I appreciate that you like to participate on the internet by speaking out loud and typing what you hear yourself say; once you've done that, you can go back and remove the "um" from the start. Avoid the Lego aimed at girl-children, though. It's rubbish compared to the good stuff. I disagree. Firstly, whilst the ends do not justify the means, this was an incredible technological and cultural achievement. Humanity's first, faltering step out of the cradle. Secondly, two great warrior tribes holding enough weaponry to kill every human on the planet many, many times over hold guns to each other's heads... and then divert competition from violence into technological achievement. The message no longer just "I'm best because I'm stronger" but now also smarter, more technologically advanced. Means of competition that does actually give the world a brighter future, rather than just ending it for the other tribe. That's nice that she likes it. What makes it rubbish is that it's generally far less intricate, with far fewer separate pieces and far fewer assembly steps. These things are what makes lego so neat. What you have here is rubbish lego, with a picture of a flower on. Great. The United States will, I think, continue to see this for a long time. U.S. internal propaganda is very effective at convincing people that they are not so much poor as temporarily embarrassed millionaires, and as such political movements to change the system against poverty are met with disapproval by the people who need it the most. Didn't the country at large just drop enormous sums of money propping up failed companies full of rich people? Edit: Additionally, I think "wealth" and "money" are not the same thing and as such any argument that the wealth of the poor is being unfairly taken cannot be denied purely on the grounds that they don't pay much in tax. Their wealth is being taken before they even see a monetary representation of it. Is Zuckerberg a particularly skilled programmer? Is he some kind of business genius, churning out an endless string of sure-fire hits? Or did he get insanely lucky and cash in before it all fell apart? To code in Python or Scratch you need a working PC. This is a working PC for a fraction of the price of a Dell desktop. That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying that wealth is not the same thing as dollars. Live streaming webcam from your bedroom please. If you're not doing anything illegal in there, you're happy to do that, I assume? Further to techinsidr's link, here is El Reg's take. This is not the first time Indian authorities have claimed to have keys that arguably don't exist (did they mean THESE keys, did they mean THOSE keys, the debate rages in the comments :p ), and it won't be the last. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/08/02/rim_keys_india/ Here in the U.S., the local monopoly would have had the law changed to make this illegal :) Iran is _already_ considered a pariah state that nobody wants any dealings with. And..... bang! It's easier to pirate it, so I will. When it's difficult to give someone my money, I just won't bother. I am well aware that the world of international publishing is a convoluted mess (Charles Stross covers it well over on antipope); I'm not sympathetic enough to that mess to be willing to get charged such disparate amounts. Hate this, it's pointless. :p Brilliant. Everything about this just emphasises his point :) Hack themselves to perform better, surely? This ruling is going to harm family and friends. Here in the UK, about 850 sq ft is the average for a new home. Less than half. Please do not complain about having lots of room until you've had to live here :) http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14916580 When it comes to governments and houses, the British public are idiots who accept whatever is waved in front of them I prefer to think of it as showing that the British public are idiots, fooled by the rich to think that the UK is almost all built over (seriously, it's common for people to come up with values like 50% urbanised, or even more, when they are asked to estimate; it's actually about 10%, and of that around half is gardens and other green spaces) and fed a constant barrage of propaganda about how important it is to borrow as much money as they possibly can to buy over-priced, badly built houses our grandparents would be ashamed of. I now relinquish my soapbox :p How is that possibly the root cause of the problem? Right now, there IS enough food to feed these people; it's being stolen before they get it. "My point is why give free food at all?" Because these people are starving? Is that not a good reason? "Besides India is such a big country that monitoring these things is nearly impossible." I disagree very strongly. Monitoring food distribution scales really well. You add monitors. That's it. If you want concrete examples of effectively monitoring things over large areas I can provide some. If the monitors themselves are corrupt then the problem is not that somehow monitoring big things is impossible. The problem is corruption. Edit: For sillysaurus, because he asked. Walmart effectively monitors food distribution over the US. Power companies effectively monitor the power grids over large areas. Electoral commissions (in some countries) effectively monitor elections over large areas. (2) If you do not feed starving people you then have dead people. This is the end state we wish to avoid. Setting up a system so that you do not need to keep feeding them yourself is a good idea. It does not negate the need to feed them now to avoid them being dead. You have presented a straw man argument. My idea; feed them now and change the system so they are fed in the future. Your idea; change the system so they are fed in the future. You say that your idea creates fewer dead people (or, we should say since every person alive will die, fewer people dying of starvation) than my idea. I disagree. "I don't think that your desire to feel good about yourself" Please, please, do not project your moralising onto me. I don't give a fuck how I feel. For what it's worth, I find myself suspecting that you have the particularly Western faith (and it is a faith) in the mythical free-market as a solution to all problems of supply. I say this because I don't know if it's true or not, and given that I suspect it is, it's only fair to voice it so you can correct me (or not). Late edit: You choose not to address our differing strategies, or correct any misapprehension I might have about yours (which, as above, seems to be the same as mine, except that I also feed people now) and instead spout more airy, unspecified junk about how my strategy (which is the same as yours, with the addition of food now as well) is harmful without explaining how. Fine. I didn't really expect an addressing of the facts. It's HN all over. Every problem simply must have a clever "hacky" solution that would read well in the Freakonomics blog and magically make everything better. By this logic, the humane thing to do now is to create a super-virus that kills all humanity. No more human misery, ever. Thanks for that. :) Are there plumbing pages where people teach their children to plumb, or dry-walling speciality sites where folks discuss how to get their kids into plasterwork? Is this just a few cases, or is there something about programming that makes people think it should be done by everyone? I recall not so long ago a thread about how programming should be taught at school alongside English (read "mastery of relevant language" for non-English speaking nations) and Maths. Is it possible for you to expand on this? To give just one example, plumbing is far more fundamental to civilisation and we're happy to have a trained cadre of plumbers, and for most people to go their whole lives with no knowledge of it. Do plumbers wander round shaking their heads and wondering why nobody else knows how to do it? We already have a subject taught for that. Maths. As an aside, to the extent that when we're hiring fresh grad programmers, their maths ability is a better indication of future quality than their programming ability. We find it easier to teach people who can think how to program than the other way around. Seems like it does a lot more than just log keys. Here's a list of features from wikileaks.org/spyfiles/files/0/289_GAMMA-201110-FinSpy.pdf · Covert Communication with Headquarters · Full Skype Monitoring (Calls, Chats, File Transfers, Video, Contact List) · Recording of common communication like Email, Chats and Voice-over-IP · Live Surveillance through Webcam and Microphone · Country Tracing of Target · Silent extracting of Files from Hard-Disk · Process-based Key-logger for faster analysis · Live Remote Forensics on Target System I do like the youtube crowd comments. As always, a vast number (referring to the fantastic work of the film crew) stating essentially "I don't know how to do this, therefore it's impossible and this is staged". Any time I find myself starting to trust humanity, it's a handy antidote. It is nice to hear a story involving the police in which they're helpful and effective rather than spraying protesters/journalists/bystanders with pepper-spray. It's powered by love of crafting stuff :p "Anyway you slice it, he's no better than the Russian mobsters that steal credit card numbers." That's incorrect. He is better than the Russian mobsters that steal credit card numbers. I have presented as much evidence and analysis for my conclusion as you did, so they must be equally valid. "If you think everything should be free, then please leave your address so I can help myself to your stuff." I am happy to describe to you something I own so that you can make a copy of it. Gosh, it's almost as if copying something isn't actually the same as taking a physical object from someone. I have no interest in writing a book. Why would I do that for you? I said "I am happy to describe to you something I own so that you can make a copy of it". That is not - I repeat - not the same as "I am happy to write a decent book, edit it properly so you can understand it, make it pithy, smart and worth reading so you can get the most of my "description", pay someone to draw some decent diagrams, etc, and then ship it over". If you can't see the difference between those two things then your perception and judgement is so hopelessly skewed as to render almost anything you say inherently untrustworthy. If you can see the difference, then you know full well that you've constructed a false argument. Why you would do that I have no idea. Maybe you don't like the argument at hand and you want to change it to one you do like. Maybe you're suggesting that someone else who had done all those things would not be so keen to let someone copy it. That's great. I'm not someone else. As an aside, I do not think that piracy is okay. I do think it's not the same as taking physical property. I do think it's not the same as selling credit card numbers. That's my argument. With driverless cars, the largest expense of taxis - the driver - disappears. The driver of a taxi needs to make enough in a day to cover the periods when there are no fares, or travel from a low fare-density area back to the high fare-density areas (and in some regions with ridiculously constrained supply of taxis via "badges" or other such anti-competitive pro-monopoly legislation, to pay the ridiculous fee to just operate a cab). With the drivers removed, you now have a fleet of taxis that can run 24 hours a day (minus maintenance etc.), cost zero to just sit and wait for a fare, and can be managed and coordinated easily to migrate across the changing fare-density regions throughout the day. If the price and convenience goes down enough, various groups of people stop needing cars. They just use the "get me a cab" app on their smartphone (or just use the regular telephone) to get a cab when they need it. If this creates a positive feedback loop of cheaper & more convenient -> more people using it -> more taxis deploted -> cheaper & more convenient etc., then in some high-population areas, owning a car will become an unnecessary extravagance. Operated automatically gives scope for further savings; heading from point A to point C via B, and someone in B is also going to C? You'll get offered a "share this ride for this discount" option. All this leads, hopefully, to fewer cars needed to provide the same number of journeys, at lower cost. So, how do I go about shorting the car manufacturers? :p Useful in what sense? Are you _using_ an operating system? What language was that written in? So how useful is it? NB: I'm taking your comments to apply equally to C as C++, given the prevalence of C in operating systems. If you really would not have said the same thing about C, I retract my comments. The majority of Westeners know the following about cars; turn the wheel thing to pick a direction, push one pedal to go faster and one to go slower. Some of them also know how to operate the stick thingy. Removing this tiny scrap of knowledge is hardly returning to Ludditehood. "there are still going to be extraordinary driving situations in which the obvious thing to do would be clear to any reasonable human but not an autonomous car without serious general purpose AI" I believe that any such situation that could not be dealt with by simply coming to a safe halt is currently very badly handled by humans. I believe that they could be better handled with the _current_ state of the art, let alone advances we see over the next few decades. I'm not arguing that they could be perfectly handled; just that the machines can do better than the average meat-bag. I control my urge to drink by having a drink. Urge to eat, by eating. Urge to have sex, by having sex. Just to throw in another data point; I have never worked on or in secure Operating Systems and have no particular interest in them. I recognise the name Joanna Rutkowska and I am aware that she is well-known and respected in this field. In my case at least, she's well-known enough that people outside the field have heard of her. Once again, a refusal to acknowledge the difference between taking a physical object and making a copy of some information. They're DIFFERENT THINGS. I'll say that again for the hard of thinking. Taking a physical object is NOT the same as making a copy of some information. Put another way, just to make sure, making a copy of some information is NOT THE SAME as taking a physical object. Was it also surprising that no school ever had compulsory classes in agriculture/electricity/plumbing/electronics/medicine/all the other things that cause such changes in society, or is programming somehow special? I recall one of the most interesting and intellectually-stimulating aspects of university was going into lectures/labs/libraries of other degree subjects. Restricting access like this is not to increase privacy, whatever that means in this context (what, you only want privacy from people not doing the same degree?); it's a means of putting everyone into neat little boxes to make admin easier, and an attempt to placate the almighty Gods of Security. "I'm also going to go out on a limb and guess that this study doesn't account for the inevitable malware when the majority of vehicles are communicating with each other." It's not inevitable. The simple solution to malware - just don't run any software you didn't have when you were first turned on - seems pretty solid here. Software updates handled the way airliners do it - not by letting the consumer reach out into the aether and grabbing whatever shiny malware infested dreck he can find. The front end tends to be a command line. Maybe with a config file in plain text if I'm feeling generous. Not much design in it. I think you missed the point in a big way. In the news today; getting high makes some people better parents and, frankly, better people. "Use the rear view mirror to imagine telling someone just twenty five years ago about GPS." People _did_ tell each other about GPS twenty five years ago. Twenty five years ago it was a decade old working navigational system. Some of the ubiquitous futuristic technology we have is older than one might think. The article indicates they already exist. "...home versions for little more than $1,000 (or half that in kit form)." This is incorrect. Coders are as diverse as people. Some work for the money, some like coding, some hope to move up to management, some are marking time until they find something better, some are this, some are that; they cross the whole spectrum of humanity just like everyone else. You thought (some people think) it was where people went if they didn't make Oxbridge, but you didn't realise it was highly ranked? That makes little sense. Syntax error. Surely should be this-> :p During all your years on sentry duty, how often did you find yourself in situations where you needed to shoot someone? Do the police find themselves in that situation more frequently (or are they significantly more likely to)? Also, in the event that you did, how far away was your nearest armed support? Sixty seconds? Less? "A picture of an officer talking to an elderly lady isn't going to attract young adults" I disagree. It wouldn't attract young adults with fantasies of paramilitary action and an urge to wear uniform and wave guns around. There are many other kinds of young adults who will be attracted by the idea of responsible public service and being a helpful part of the community. Clearly, the decision has been made about which kind of recruit to attract; ironically, exactly the kind of person I'd least like to have authority and weapons. "How does the police department owning a armored personnel carrier help a patrol officer at a traffic stop?" And how does the USN carrying nuclear weapons help you check passes at the gate? That aside, yes, my suggestion was that the police are more likely to need the firepower than you were, and were more likely to have to get by on their own for longer before support turned up. "But I see no mention in global media that the societies wracked by protests know this." There are no societies wracked by protest over this. It's a handful of high visibility, orchestrated protests (which generally seem to be anti-America rather than anti-theActualFilm) scoring media attention while most people get on with their lives. I was hoping for a whimsical piece discussing malevolent AIs from popular culture. Speaking in general terms, lawyers are a sign of a sick society. The law should be a set of agreed rules by which we all agree to abide in order to create a better society for everyone. If we need a specialised profession to explain to us what the rules we all implicitly agreed to abide by say we should do, or as is often the case not even explain to us but just tell us the outcome, the rules are no longer fit for purpose. I disagree that my view assumes a lack of self-interest. I think it's possible to have real societies in which people can understand the rules (not necessarily choose to abide by them, but understand them) without a specialised profession to tell them what the rules mean. Self-interest has nothing to do with my suggestion that it should be possible to understand the rules of the society one lives in. Software engineering and/or programming is a vast, vast field. Anything you can express logically, someone somewhere is expressing in software. This "or you're lucky enough to be working within a narrow area where your deficit doesn't matter" should read "or you're lucky enough to be working outside this narrow area so your deficit doesn't matter". If fairness is a fundamental or key part of a nation's identity or principles, then removing that fairness is an attack on the nation and is a national security matter. Securing a nation isn't just ensuring that foreign people don't steal it. I would be very secure in my job if everyone I competed with for it had been an amphetamine addict since the age of ten. On the downside, I dread to think of the code speed-freaks would churn out after 18 hours jazzed up, ten years into their addiction. When did Atwood jump the shark? I think he was when he started blogging about coding for a living, instead of coding for a living. "There was the founder of Kwelia.com, which makes software that helps landlords mint more money from their properties" Is that really the economist I'm reading? If even they're getting sick of the rentier class the revolution can't be far behind! ..."Quantum Mechanics and General Relativity and String Theory. These theories may have had merit at some point..." Is QM without merit now? Seriously, is this a meaning of the word "merit" I'm not familiar with? I do sometimes trip over American and British differences. As far as I can tell, this is a crank site promoting a pet theory, and should be trusted as far as one expects. You're not buying something. You're not trying to gamble and get back something worth more than you put in. You're donating to a cause. Propaganda involves a deliberate attempt to provoke a desired emotional reaction. As a rough rule of thumb, if the author seeks to make you feel rather than think, it's propaganda. This is generally done with techniques such as distortion of facts, omission of truths, caricatured images, extreme simplification of complex situations and so forth. Contrary to some opinions, propaganda is not just about making you dislike someone or something else. Montages of your own people/accomplishments/military force, accompanied by stirring music, for example, is propaganda. For readers outside the UK, it is worth knowing a little context about the Daily Mail. The Daily Mail is a newspaper in the loosest sense of the word. It is essentially a propaganda rag, flattering its readership by provoking their emotions on topics such as women in the workplace (which is a bad thing and gives them cancer), women not in the workplace (which is a bad thing and gives them cancer), the causes of cancer [1], immigrants, taxes and house prices. Bizarrely, for a publication with such a high female readership, it's remarkably misogynistic. Typical readers are middle-aged to the elderly, who do not like having their assumptions challenged and find catharsis in the simplicity of the world as presented by the Daily Mail. The phrase "Daily Mail reader" has become shorthand for someone demonstrating characteristics such as ignorance, extremely simple viewpoints on complex situations, and bigotry poorly veiled under spurious numerical data or contextless "factoids". [1] http://kill-or-cure.heroku.com/ The Daily Mail, however, is often wrong and frequently guilty of the sins I list above. Demonstrably so. Sometimes, we sneer at something not because it makes us look good (or, as you put it, to demonstrate "progressive credentials", and your assumption that I want to do that is insulting and ignorant, thank you very much), but because it genuinely is dross. If you like, I can balance the equation by criticising the Guardian for its ridiculous adherence to leftist views despite the most ferocious evidence in its own pages, or we can do the Economist which suggests less regulation as the solution to almost any problem that exists. Edit to respond to comment below: Of course it's doing something right. It's selling newspapers. It does it by, as I said, flattering its readership and presenting them emotional sensations that confirm their beliefs. That doesn't make it worthy or correct. It makes it admirable only in a "magnificent bastards" kind of way. They know what they're doing and they do it very well. This I did not know, but it doesn't surprise me. If you can tell me which sections these young females gravitate towards, that would be very helpful; do they go for the bitchy celebrity gossip (which is frequently noticeably harsher towards female celebrities)? Your comment is confusing. The Daily Mail IS right wing. That said, the Telegraph relies much less on emotional response and raw propaganda, and also does not seem to dedicate a vast amount of its time (almost as much as the Express does on house prices) to dividing the universe into things that cause or cure cancer (or sometimes both). I couldn't care less what the Mail's political leaning is; its a style thing rather than a (lack of) content thing. Thanks for your view. It's more or less what I hear from everyone who doesn't like that I consider their favoured newspaper to be imperfect. I do check it frequently, yes. I do note that it continues to be dross. The soft porn is exactly as expected; just enough to satisfy its target audience without having to cross the line into actual porn like The Sun or similar, enabling Mail readers to feel good about themselves. I don't avert my eyes from it. I like looking at attractive women, although when I want porn, I just go to the internet. Why the hell would I avert my eyes? The obscenities in the Mail are in the written text; not the pictures. "Any chance of a few links to the painstakingly gathered statistics that,no doubt overwhelmingly support your searing analysis." I think you're being facetious, so no, do your own research. There is lots and lots out there. Start with (the sadly no longer maintained) DailyMailWatch and go from there. What I've said isn't new. Please either say what you mean (which is at least something the Mail manages to do) or take your passive-aggressive nonsense somewhere else. You read the Mail? Then you know what I've said is true, unless actually you only read the mail and you just don't realise, in which case you've got a sample-size of one and anything you say about the subject is hopelessly ill-informed. Women entering tech is not feminist propaganda. Calling it that does, however, demonstrate your own biases (and that you don't understand the word "feminist" or the word "propaganda". "women entering tech is indeed not feminist propaganda" Well that's the complete opposite of what you said before. My work here is done. The rest of your comment I won't even bother reading. Fear not; I commend you on recognising that your original comment was flawed and applaud you explicitly acknowledging it. This was ever the way. The needs (and goals) of a peacetime armed forces (which is what the US still has, despite meandering wars in the Middle East still running) are different to those of a wartime armed forces. The only question is how quickly, given the shift to wartime footing, one can replace the peacetime command with that needed to win wars. "natural struggle for power between the sexes" There's nothing natural about such a struggle. It's cultural. The majority of the cost of a taxi is the driver. He has to be paid for a day's work, even when he spends most of that day waiting for a fare. No driver, no driver costs. Also, many regions don't bother with the ridiculous monopoly system of "medallions". I can start a mini-cab firm in my area without any such artificial supply restrictions at all. At which point do these guys simply become a lynch mob? "You were repulsed by the above description of this imaginary site." No really, no. Everything described already exists (except the sex-cred, and the geo-tagging is rather manual); simply not on the open internet. I think it's possible that it's actually just some people wanting to control other people (and setting their sights on weaker people to improve chances of success), and given the biological differences between men and women that leave women with significantly less muscle mass and mass in general, for any given male choosing to act in this way, women are on average easier targets. "Good intentions are the opposite of good actions." Maybe it loses something in the translation. If I had to guess, I would have said that bad intentions are the opposite of good intentions. Anyway, given that an awful lot of good actions start with good intentions, this doesn't seem a very useful saying at all. "That looks like sexism to me." You say that as if letting someone's gender affect your decisions is somehow, magically, inherently always ALWAYS wrong. It isn't. Some situations it is. Some situations it is not. Tell me, when assigning hotel rooms at a conference, and some people have requested to share a room to economise, and requested to be paired with people of the same sex, would you ignore people's gender and pick room-sharers randomly out of a hat? Trivial example, yes, but a simple way to demonstrate that sometimes deciding on basis of gender is not actually wrong. When I hire, I think about what each applicant will bring to the team. There are noticeable differences between a team in which every member exhibits stereotypical male behaviour and characteristics, and a team in which some members exhibit stereotypical male behaviour and characteristics whilst some other members exhibit stereotypical female behaviour and characteristics. Sometimes, the second kind of team is better suited for a task than the first, and as a bonus, often the stereotypical males behave better and don't act like children. The only reliable way I've found to bring stereotypical female behaviour and characteristics to the team is to hire someone who actually has those characteristics, and nine times out of ten that person is female. If I ignored that, it'd be like taking a stance where I ignored things such as someone's employment history, or their education history. The problem with TL;DR is people saying it and expecting to be applauded for their keen ability to lose focus after five lines, whereas they actually appear like some kind of idiot child presenting a truly godawful crayon scribbling. "It gives you access to other cube mates fairly easily" If those cube-mates have to spend a lot of time thinking about things, this can be very bad news indeed. I see it all the time, and I think DeMarco poked at it in Peopleware all those years ago. If it takes someone ten to fifteen minutes to get into a mental flow situation, holding the context of their task in their head and thinking about, a cube-mate leaning over to ask something they could have looked up for themselves in a minute saves that cube-mate one minute, and costs the interrupted thinker several minutes to get back into flow. I even see it reach the point where people who know they really need to think about something gather up their paper and disappear elsewhere in the building. Singapore is English speaking. It's the first language for about a third, with about 20% having no capacity in English. It's the language of business, government and education. "This, it turns out, really harms the capacity for governments to make decisions that make everyone better off on average but might make any given small region of people unhappy (say, by building a powerplant or a garbage dump)." Can you explain why? I don't understand this. I would have thought that, for example, given a country of 50 districts, and the decision is being made "shall we build this dump in district 1", you'll get 49 voting yes and the representative of district 1 voting no. Would you meet halfway on this? How about a box on the ballot marked "I choose not to vote in this election"? But currently you don't HAVE to go to the polls and submit an unmarked ballot. Well then what exactly is the point of government, in principle, if they have no authority at all over people's lives? If everyone could do whatever they liked and ignore any rules set by anyone else, all the benefits of collective action vanish. This is by design; when you set up a situation where everyone is a criminal, any time you decide you want to haul someone in or stick someone in jail, you'll have no trouble finding something they're guilty of. Since restrictions were removed on commodity speculation, a great deal (I'd argue the majority of the big spikes) of the price fluctuation in gas has very little to do with the oil producers and an awful lot to do with speculators. They would not be happy to watch the price drop so far and I expect they'd do something about it. If I understand correctly, it's actually not the burning of a poppy that's the crime, but (in this case) the posting of it online with associated commentary. I don't know if that's better, worse, or more of the same. I read this title and thought it was a demand to increase the working work. Work 40 hours per week? Is that some kind of joke? Then I read the comments and was quietly horrified. I'm guessing a long long working week is a U.S. thing. Companies want protection. Companies want to demonstrate that they are not negligent. Companies want clear rules that state "doing it THIS way is good and safe and in the event that it all goes wrong will leave you blameless because you totally followed the rules". The big rulemaker in any society is government. You could have worked this out on your own. Here's a somewhat different take on this perennial scare story: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/16/greenpeace_itu/ Unless you hire actual professionals, rather than some chancer who read a ruby book once. "If your only concern with a conference is about the panel diversity then perhaps the conference is not for you." This sounds like a straw man argument. You've created the fictional idea of a person whose interest in a conference is solely the diversity of the panel, as if there are people who don't even care what the conference is about or have any idea of the subject matter; they just like seeing different kinds of people on panels. Squeaky wheel gets the grease. These people are clearly willing to complain. No complaints about what is being presented implies only that they are satisfied with what is being presented; it does not imply that they do not care about it. It means that vast numbers of people around the world will have unsupervised access to it and if you wait a few weeks someone will post it all to Wikileaks. Perhaps it's so the bad pilot can't easily kill the nice pilot sitting next to her. How many of those were instigated by the FBI? "The BBC...when is the BBC going to "discover" the famine they caused in Ireland in the 1840s?" Oh look, the BBC already did and you didn't even bother to check (although how the BBC caused it is a mystery to me, given that the BBC is a Broadcasting company formed in 1922 and the potato famine happened during the previous century). Such self-righteousness that assumes wrong-doing without even checking. It's the worst kind of ideology; to not even care enough about the truth to check. If reality conflicts with political opinion, it's not opinion that's wrong; it's reality that's at fault. This is just the first google hit, but the list of BBC pages covering it goes on and on. http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/british/victorians/famine_01.sh... KILLED VIOLENT GERMANS JUST BECAUSE GERMAN JUGGERNAUT DOESN'T INFER KETCHUP "You have a harridan making your life miserable with stupid policies but she looks cute? You call that a good trade?" It's the basis of my marriage. :) "But of course, what do I know? I'm 'only a man'." Your ignorance is nothing to do with your gender. Please don't hide behind it. I know you intend it to be ironic in some way, but I rather suspect that you actually DON'T have any decent thought behind this tripe and are using some ridiculous pretense of gender-war as an excuse. http://www.usbcables.com/assets/images/white-usb-extension-c... Now you can get your child pron without scratching your laptop :) The greatest trick the ruling classes in the US ever pulled was convincing everyone else, especially those who suffer the most from the current system, that they're not poor and they're not an underclass - they're temporarily embarrassed millionaires. When I was working in Italy I would sometimes listen to a US Forces radio station on my drive in each morning, and the success story propaganda was fascinating. Every so often, there would be a completely irrelevant and disconnected sixty second summary of some lucky chap who did really well in business, with an undertone that all you needed was to work hard and you'd become a millionaire. I disagree. If you have the right connections and someone willing to bankroll you, you can coast through school, get into a top university, and coast your way into a high-paying job that your connections arranged for you. "I don't know of people in the UK " Yup, my fault, not clear enough. I'm talking about the US more than the UK, although now that UK universities have essentially been told by the government to behave like businesses, with poor people already less likely to apply than the rich since fees went from zero to almost ten grand a year in the course of a decade, I expect the UK to catch up soon enough in terms of buying your way into a good university (there is indeed already rumbling about places going to foreign students who can be charged far more than home students, establishing the principle, so I expect that as soon as universities work out a way to let people buy their way in, they will). ------------EDIT------------- Edit to answer this point below: ""Give up, no point working hard, you will never make anything of yourself, the game is rigged"?" No. My alternative narrative is "know the game is rigged". If you're playing a rigged game, your chances are so much better if you realise this (hence my very first post here - the people who rig the game work hard to make the unlucky ones think it isn't rigged). I'm not sure what your point is. Are you agreeing that the "American Dream" is now (to some extent, which may have been different in the past) part of the effort of convincing people that the game isn't rigged against them, or are you disagreeing with that? Because then they stop giving money to the university. Many years ago, my youngest brother had some kind of Lego train set game on the PC. He built little Lego train layouts on there. Maybe it's like Hornby; I don't know. The game had a network play option. A player could play together with someone else over the internet who had the same game. I don't recall how many years ago this was, but I've got the idea in my head that there was no central game managing server. You had to already know who to play with. Possibly even knowing their IP address. Anyway, he didn't know anyone. He really wanted to play, so he wrote to them asking if they knew anyone he could play this game with. Someone wrote back, apologising for not knowing anyone he could play with, and included a mousemat and a pack of lego. I'm welling up here. I'm going to go out and firebomb the Duplo factory. Well, we have to imagine philosopher; the philosopher Form can only be known to us through our experiences with "philosophers" we encounter, from which we can build an idea of the true Form philosopher :p "Also since there were no mobile phone towers around" When I was there in April there were people on the streets in Pyongyang using mobile phones (I've got a picture showing it somewhere), so the towers must be there. You could do everyone a favour by quitting. That way, you wouldn't have to adhere to standards, and they wouldn't have to put up with a prima donna. "Could they have been faking it, to impress foreigners?" The BBC article linked to discusses the internal mobile phone network. Additionally, my guide would have had to also be faking the voice coming out of the phone and somehow getting information some other way and pretending to have received it on the phone. I'm going to go with actual genuine mobile phone network. :) Also, if you'll get all precious about bowing to the statue. The number of people who get weird about it astounds me. You'll get told in advance, before going, that you'll go to the big statue and you'll be expected to dress nice and bow. For some people, this is a ridiculously big deal. "I'm pretty sure I could fake my way through it." How would you fake bowing to the statue? Would you just sort of start to nod your head and then stop, and then ... well, no, I can't think of any way to fake bowing. You know you're not required to actually worship it, right? Just the bow. It's not like you're relinquishing your citizenship or making a formal statement in support of the government. As for running off your mouth, seriously? You can't keep your mouth shut for a week? There were dozens of people on my tour group, split amongst three roving packs, and nobody had any trouble at all (including the religious amongst us, who managed to bow to the statue without experiencing a crisis of faith). Americans, Brits, Chinese, Chileans, Belgians, Singaporeans, Swiss, Germans, Australians, New Zealanders, people from all over the world, and nobody had any trouble shutting up. Anyone who chooses to use "TL;DR" at the start of an article where professionals put "Abstract" or "Synopsis" (or, God forbid, "Introduction") is, whilst not necessarily a posing hipster, at least subverting their own credibility. Oh. I apologise. I must have been misled by the phrase "fake my way through it" when you actually meant "I'd do it". :) If you did go, and did not shut up, the worst that would happen to you is a quick trip back to Beijing. As your Beijing-side guide would explain, the worst that could happen to your guide is a life (i.e. death) sentence in a labour camp, along with her family (including children), and any children born in the camp die there too. If you truly couldn't keep your mouth shut in such a situation, you definitely shouldn't go (and I don't believe it anyway - that'd be psychological-damage levels of lack of self-control, but because you haven't devolved into screaming abuse, you clearly do actually have enough self-control). Not being Zuckerberg is surely a reason to be happy? :) On point 2, I'd like to offer a different view, matching my own experiences and those of people I know in other companies who give the same counsel. Once you've made it clear that you were about to leave and you stayed because they offered more money or some other such better deal, they will always, always, be wondering when you're going to actually leave, and that will affect how they plan your participation. It will change things. It's not that you won't be trusted, so much as you will have a track record of leaving. Unless the counter-offer really is spectacular, once you've decided to go, go. At risk of stating the obvious, the false positive rate will create a vast number of innocent citizens flagged for further investigation. This automated flagging will overwhelm the human investigators, creating a situation in which terrorists find it easier to hide and operate amongst the citizenry, with the added feature that innocent citizens swept up will become truculent and less likely to cooperate. Net result; the US government makes terrorism easier, at vast expense to the US taxpayer. Fortunately, if there's something you should feel guilty about, you can complain about a liberal conspiracy to sooth your conscience. The UK did take some action after theirs; after Hungerford, all semi-automatic rifles (centre-ammunition) and shotguns taking four or more rounds were banned, and after Dunblane all cartridge ammunition handguns were banned within Great Britain (except .22 single-shot, which were then banned about 5 years later). The most recent UK shooting of note, Derrick Bird, used a double-barrelled sawn-off shotgun and a .22 (bolt-action) rifle. Would it have been worse if he'd had handguns and semi-automatic rifles? We'll never know, but he did try to acquire another firearm mid-rampage so he clearly felt like he needed more firepower. Are you saying that people giving up secrets isn't a security issue? Okay, we both write a poem and sell it to each other for a billion dollars. How's that? Or if you want something more physical, we both make an ash-tray by scraping a groove in a lump of wood and sell those to each other for a billion each. No worries. I'll pay them with a poem written on an ash tray. It's very much less the case in the US. There is still the one-dollar bill, which is a ridiculously low value to have a separate banknote for. Ah yes, if we pretend their complaints are about cheap food, we can make them look foolish and in doing so reduce the legitimacy of their argument. Good idea. The Python necessary for the Udacity one is a bit of a pig if you've never coded in Python before. They help out a lot by essentially presenting complete programmes with you needing only to fill out some extra calculations, so you can concentrate on the important bit, but nonetheless if you're used to being able to identify the type of an object by looking at its creation point it's a bit of a mystery to begin with, especially since the first module uses 2D arrays to represent location and velocity - there are some handy Python functions to turn them into distances/vectors from various points, but if you're not familiar with them you'll spend too much time wrestling with Python instead of thinking about the DEs. There's also the occasional big gap here and there between the video lecture and what you're expected to do (indeed, sometimes it's actually quite tricky to just work out what you're expected to do, despite the helpful comments in the code - I've found that the hardest aspect is not solving the problem, but getting a clear picture of the question being asked and translating the solution into python). For language reference, I am an experienced coder in C and C-related languages (C++ and non-Cocoa Obj-C). Still, it's early days and I expect these things will be ironed out over time. "I would not crash it." I don't think you're meant to. A quantum leap is (on the order of, if you skip a level) the smallest possible increment. We're going to need much bigger leaps than that to do it in four or five leaps. :) Iceland does, and they used it to sort themselves out. As many others have said, the best way to get a pay rise is to get a new job. This becomes especially true if you work for BigCorp (or at least, big enough to have internal policies on pay rises). I used to work with an embedded engineer who got a pay rise of 40% by quitting and getting another (very similar) job. Her manager knew that he needed to pay her a lot more but global company policy tied his hands and limited what pay rises he could hand out. I think he watched this happen over and over and over again. "I thought it would be about load handling" Hur hur hur. No no no, Koryo Tours is a tour company run by Brits. They're just a tour company. They don't do programming. The programmers are with NovoTek in North Korea. Koryo Tours paid NovoTek to make the game. On my last tour I was assured by our (frankly gorgeous) guide that EVERY family has a PC. Or at least that's the plan. We drew our own conclusions :) If you think that an omnipotent deity is on your side, you'll radically overestimate your chances of success and end up on that battlefield doing something stupid like charging a machine-gun nest with a pointed stick and a holy book. Modern militaries find that training is far more effective, and the militaries known for being effective in the ancient world (for example, the Romans) found similarly. Religion follows society; religion is a formalised set of a given society's morals (i.e. chosen "acceptable" and "correct" behaviour). As society changes, so religion follows. In this day and age with religion being written down and available to everyone this now causes a great deal of trouble as people let the tail wag the dog, so to speak, and object to changes in society based on religion. I'd never looked at AMZN before, but now I have it makes me giggle. No dividends, no history of dividends, a P/E of 124 as I type and currently just-about at an all-time peak. Just how big are they intending to grow? This is one I will definitely leave for the smart investors. The entry for Eritrea shows that the word "Ethiopia" comes up a lot in the wikipedia article "History of Eritrea". Given the history of the two countries, that's to be expected. What exactly are you taking offence at? The alternative is that a bunch of unelected people will tell us what to do and not to do. That seems worse. I'm British. I live in the UK. I'm in my thirties. I do a person's height in casual conversation (on forms I write it in metres) and driving distance in Imperial measurements (often; I use kilometres when I'm talking to someone I trust to know what a kilometre is, which is generally anyone under about 40). I do depth and altitude in metres, but sometimes I'll use an old chart that has feet (or sometimes fathoms, but that's the really, really old charts). Volume, mass, everything else is metric. I know my mass in kg. I've only the vaguest idea what a "stone" is. A pound? An ounce? Those are twee measurements I sometimes see in old books. I know how much a litre is. I don't even know what the metric unit of volume is. Cubic inches? That seems clumsy even for Imperial units. At the supermarket, the unit used on the fruit, veg and meat is kilogrammes. Last weekend I was comparing pork by cost per kilogramme. Which supermarket do you shop at that uses... I don't even know what you'd use. Not stones, I guess? Pounds and ounces? I remember at about age ten someone telling me the temperature in Fahrenheit, and having no idea whether that was hot or cold. I have less idea today of what it means. Where this is going is that I thoroughly disagree. Additional edits, for the fun of it: "Though I bet you don't go to Asda and ask where you can find 2.272 litres of milk." Fair enough. I do buy milk in pints. If they switched to 2 litre bottles, I'd still buy it, and frankly I'd prefer it if they did. At the moment, I have to look at the scale on the side of the milk marked in litres to see how much I'm pouring into something (because the recipe I'm using specifies litres or millilitres; maybe there's a whole dual-industry for recipes in which you get Imperial units and I get metric; I note that the recipes on the BBC list both units; Jamie Oliver's web page is metric, Delia Smith is both, Hairy Bikers are metric, I've given up looking after those high-ranking four, but I note that not one of them is this Imperial only thing you talked about). "Do you ever do mile-per-gallon approximations for your fuel economy?" Fair enough. I don't drive so this is a closed book to me. "Do you ever buy a steak at a nice restaurant?" Yes, often. I have never once specified a mass the steak is to have. That it is marked on the menu in crazy measurements has always seemed a twee restaurant kind of thing; cosmetic rather than meaningful. The meat at the supermarket is, of course, in kg. "Have you ever played golf or football?" Never golf, and football not since I was about ten. Perhaps we simply move in different circles. You're with the Imperials, I'm with the metrics. "Where are you?" Deep south. Hampshire. As a drifting aside, I note that London is now approximately 40% non-British born, so that presumably means that about 40% of people living in London have even less grasp of Imperial measurements than I do. Perhaps metric is more common in the south. Steak update: I am sure I have specified the steak by name, and its name is "Ten ounce" or "Eight ounce" or whatever. It is as meaningful to me as "Medium bowl of custard" or "large bowl of custard", for example. If you gave me a big bucket of sand and asked me to put about ten ounces of sand in a cup, I'd have no idea at all. I seem to recall that I once saw an ounce of butter and it was kind of about "this" big". I'd probably use that as a base. Ramsay: A ha. Ramsay, of course, is Scottish. Maybe Scotland isn't metric. Points addressed as edits in my post above. For the fun of it. Can you give me some examples of violence that wasn't caused by any individual people? I remember when we would just use "the web" as a source of apps we could download (although we called them "programs" back then). Everyone knew about "the web" and it was easily searchable using search engines such as Google. Sadly, I expect many people did, rather than just going to the page of the people who actually made the software. With a "modern" app-store there's no choice, but using that kind of redistributor was just bloody silly. There is a one-in-a-million longshot that he was not being completely, one hundred percent serious, did not in fact think that he should be paid 25 dollars for making himself a sandwich, and was using it as an illustration of his new-found feeling that time spent not working is time spent watching money slip through his fingers. You say that as if letting race/sex/religion influence selection is always wrong. It's not. When I hire people, I am looking for the best overall improvement in the existing group. I do not hire for the benefit of the person being hired; I hire for the benefit of "the company" which really just means for the benefit of everyone already hired; hire whoever, once added to the group, will cause the most improvement in the group. To give a specific example, I have seen a group of men in their twenties significantly improved by the addition of a woman in her thirties. Put simply, they grew up a bit and started acting more like professional adults; the output of the group was improved more by the addition of the woman in her thirties, I believe, than it would have been had I added an individually more talented male very similar to the existing members of the group. Maybe what I'm saying here is that the hiring criteria included "what effect will this person have on the group" and, if one accepts that race/gender/religion has an effect on the group, then it seems sensible to consider those things when hiring. I believe the problems are in _excluding_ people on grounds of race/religion/gender and not in simply allowing those factors to be part of the selection process. I'd like to say that Apostol's "Introduction to Analytic Number Theory" is bloody awful and is in no way suitable to be an introduction to analytic number theory. A reference book of proofs of some common theorems, yes, but an introduction? No. "I thought we'd left that stuff behind." Keyboards, or having a USB port dedicated to one? I suspect I'm going to be using a keyboard for decades to come. It's as old-fashioned as a first kiss. It happens every day to a million different people. It isn't that 1890 was modern; 2010 is lacking in advancement. Your world. Which is much smaller than THE world. That said, here are some things invented after the lightbulb that have had more effect than cell phones and the internet. Aeroplanes. Transistors. Integrated circuits. OP said SINCE the lightbulb - it is acknowledged that the lightbulb had more effect :) As you say, it fundamentally changed almost everything. It made it possible to safely, reliably put light where before there was no light. The light of burning things is, by comparison to electric light, horrifically dangerous, expensive, unreliabe and inconsistent. Electric light not only enabled people to do things in the hours of darkness, but to create new places to work in, or just to store things, or to create new objects and mechanisms using the new ability to put light anywhere we wanted whenever we wanted (could you imagine trying to inspect the interior of some complex internal component of some huge fantastic construction using a gaslight, or a lump of burning wood?). The tiny bulb in a torch (US - flashlight) is so ubiquitous, but so incredibly useful. So many industries suddenly became so much better, so much safer. Mining, transportation. Lightbulbs touched everything, and created not just new ways of doing things, but made the impossible possible. So far, the internet and cell phones have not been nearly so revolutionary, but the OP did say "since" :) I disagree. C compilers are everywhere. A C compiler is the standard tool expected (and provided) with every embedded processor I've ever worked with. As a rule of thumb, if a microprocessor is meant to be user-programmable, you get a C compiler with it. It will be a long time before I get a Ruby interpreter for a blackfin processor. "A quick search suggests there are ruby interpreters for blackfin" I disagree. A google search for blackfin ruby interpreter did not suggest that to me. The TV licence inspectors are employees of whichever private company the contract is with at the time (Capita last time I checked, but that was a while ago). As such, they have no powers beyond those of any other citizen; their doorstep tactics are essentially to ask if they can come in, ask to look around, and try to catch people out in conversation. The web has numerous examples of people with no TV, who have told the relevant body this, and yet nonetheless receive an endless stream of threatening letters. The letters tend to follow the same pattern; polite reminders to harsh reminders to threats of discovery and huge fines, and then back to polite reminders again. Essentially, their model is to assume that anyone without a TV is lying, and does have a TV. It's probably quite effective and certainly a lot cheaper than trying to keep track of who actually doesn't have a TV. So, if you've got a TV (that you use to receive broadcast transmissions - you don't need a licence just to own the TV, you need it for some of its possible uses) in the UK and you have no TV licence, you can be pretty sure that you can ignore the letters and, should a private citizen working for Capita come to the door, you need not answer or let them in or even talk to them. The only way they could demand entry would be with a suitable court document and accompanied by an officer of the court (who frankly has better things to do with his time), but to get that document they need reasonable evidence, and simply not having a TV licence is not actually considered evidence of illegally using a TV to receive broadcast transmissions. It was certainly possible to detect the operation of TVs once; the old-school CRT boxes had big oscillators in that emitted EM radiation. I don't know about modern TVs; for all I know they have a different method of operation now. That said, it requires not just the equipment to do so, but also the competence and training, and whilst it's not impossible, licence inspectors are just whoever Capita managed to hire that month; maintaining a cadre of competent people to operate that equipment would be a headache and an expense that Capita simply aren't interested in. Far, far cheaper to simply have that big list of addresses (I understand they've got a list of every address in the UK that ever had a TV licence associated with it) and just assume that every address on that list that doesn't currently have a TV licence is a licence-dodger. Every so often it presumably gets pruned for addresses that no longer exist, but otherwise the rate of false positive will be a minor annoyance in the scheme and certainly not worth the hassle and expense of more sophisticated methods. Threatening letters and intimidating adverts do the job. "Maybe I'm just lucky." Fair enough. I think you must just have been lucky. I know people who have told them over and over and over again to no avail (and indeed, you can find many such people on the web). You rent your clothes, your food, your transport, everything. You pay some money and when it's done, you have nothing to show for it. What's so special about rent that you consider that wasted money, but not the money spent on clothes, food, transport, and everything else that has a short effect or wears out? Start-ups; probably not many. Big-corps; a lot more. Yup. I know a lot of people with physics, maths and engineering degrees hired as programmers. "Nobody here can take a joke directed at their favourite hardware/software vendor without getting their panties into a knot" I rather think that those who can are quiet about it. As Yeats said, the worst are full of passionate intensity. The people who can take a joke chuckle and keep reading. Religion is a social phenomenon. It is the codified, formalised expression of a given group's customs and rules (which is why writing it down and letting people outside a narrow priesthood have access to it is generally a disaster - it makes it very hard for the religion to change as the culture does, because there's always someone ready to take the words seriously). Successful religions tend to be those with a significant social aspect. Even churches that are nominally the same religion often have deep divides across the social groups. With the opportunities young people have now to explore beyond their immediate group, both physically and mentally, it's hardly surprising that religion won't take. To quote amirmc: "Tethering is permitted on £10 goodybag and will work on all smartphones with an inbuilt tethering feature, except for the iPhone." [1]. Not sure what the deal is with iPhone (I'm on their £12 option). All the other plans expressly say "Tethering is not permitted ..." [1] http://giffgaff.com/goodybags/10pound-goodybag Stealing is indeed stealing, but this isn't stealing. It's unauthorised use of a computer service. The unauthorised user isn't permanently (and unlawfully, without permission) depriving someone of something they own, so it isn't theft. "Stealing" carries meaning and emotional reactions than are not applicable in this case. Yes, it's wrong; no, it isn't theft. "Well, turns out C and in particular C++ development is going the way of the dodo" That's not true. It's not remotely true. It's so untrue. C code is everywhere. It's in almost every OS I can think of, it's running my dishwasher, it's in my car, it's the standard language of almost every embedded platform I've ever worked on. Let's take a look at the TIOBE index which, whilst very unscientific, would show up something going extinct as you suggest. http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/index.... Hey look, there's C at the top, and there are C based languages in three of the top four places. I suggest that you have fallen victim to a lack of perspective; maybe you don't use C and C++, and the people you work with don't (because if they did, you wouldn't be working with them), and you extrapolated that to the whole world. While you're coding in your frameworks and APIs, there is a vast industry you're not aware of using C and C++ that is not going to go away any time soon. Which country do you live in? Many countries prop up brutal dictatorships for their own advantage. The United States, picking just the easiest example of many, has a long history of supporting oppressive regimes, so presumably every US taxpayer ought to be similarly ashamed. Do you benefit from anything like that? Fair enough. In my personal experience, C is the big coding skill looked for, but I mostly work for defence companies and major manufacturers. If you don't look at job listings for that sort of company, or your country simply doesn't have those industries in significant size, you'll see something else. I regularly see skilled embedded coders being poached with ridiculous pay rises because they're so useful and so hard to get (40 or 50 percent increase in salary upon being poached/headhunted isn't uncommon for someone a few years out of university who spent those few years learning how to code for embedded systems, but that's usually being poached between defence companies and major appliance makers - Lockheed, Thales, Honeywell, that kind of thing). Whilst the individual little virii can get through one, they're usually not found airbourne on their own; aren't they in big globs of snot and phlegm and the like? Surely that is stopped by the mask. On the potential downside, if this were done in the numbers needed to incite revolution, this would be interpreted (correctly) as a foreign attempt to destabilise and change the regime; essentially, interpreted as war through means of inciting revolution. Whatever happens at the point the DPRK authorities realise this would probably be bad news for everyone. "I've never seen a McDonald's close down." Fewer people will see one close down than you might expect; the ones that close down are the ones that not enough people go to, so only small numbers of people see it close down - if lots of people were there to see it close, it wouldn't be closing. Is this some technical meaning of "concept"? A thing is a concept if we can conceive it in our minds. I can think about the idea of degradability, so it's a concept. Took a minute to code a solution using the formula for line n of Pascal's triangle, and ten minutes (my usual mix of 30% manic typing, 70% bug-fixin' and finding the typo where I wrote "naemspace" :p ) to get an iterative line-by-line working solution in C++. You say you're hiring? I'm in the UK and I'm more than a little bored where I am. I tick precisely none of those boxes. Ah well, back to debugging today's C++ infinite template error :p I once applied enough force to cause a rib to puncture a lung :( I did it wrong. Obscure? No way. Time-travel (i.e. changing times) was the first thing I thought of. I don't. Seriously. If I had to guess, I'd guess it was some new name for an old thing in whatever programming notation is hip with the kids now. Most things around here like this turn out to be new names for old things. A common complaint involved the tiny little orbiting platforms that had to be jumped between. It turned an excellent FPS into a frustrating 3D platformer and interrupted the rhythm of the game. Code is ignorant of gender. Coders are not. Code doesn't answer questions. Coders do. Code doesn't post on forums. Coders do. Code doesn't answer differently based on the perceived gender of the questioner. (Some) coders do. Some people are happy hiding who they are so they can get a decent answer. Some people are not. "I don't understand how concealment comes into play" Many people choose handles that make obvious their gender. Not deliberately so; people often choose handles based on their names and names are, as a general rule, indications of gender. Many women go on to chose handles for themselves online that deliberately obscure their gender in such forums. Someone who would be, for example, JennyKibble in many places becomes JKibble. This is how concealment comes into play. "I no more conceal my gender" The vast majority of the world's population is not you. "Yeah... that selective quoting alters the meaning of my words beyond recognition..." The point I was aiming at is that using yourself, as a sample size of one, and extending the conclusions you draw from your own behaviour to the behaviour of others is prone to error. On a personal note, I thank you for, and congratulate you on, your civilised response and your amenability to considering beyond the knowledge and beliefs you have at the time; an attitude I hope to present myself. Either I'm getting too old, or internet discussion has gone downhill in recent months. It certainly is with people like the author dropping the dime. Did you just imagine doing something other than what AL did? Seems like "I can't imagine Adrian or someone else in his position not doing exactly the same thing" didn't last long :) And yet a great, great many convicted felons do not report criminal contacts. I point to the number of convicted felons who go on to commit another felony in company of other criminals. Furthermore, I am led to believe that a culture of physical violence towards informants means that a felon who reports on other criminals is, frankly, asking for trouble. I wouldn't be surprised if the majority of felons do not habitually inform on each other. "Why would I give someone 20 and then force them to spend them in a particular shop" Why _wouldn't_ you do that, if the circumstances suggested it? It's a way of giving someone some freedom in choosing their gift, while restricting it to a range. Maybe I want to buy someone a really nice suit, but I know they'd never do it themselves; they just can't bring themselves to spend a lot of money on a nice suit - they permanently dress in cheap clothes from discount stores. If I give them cash, they feel guilty for spending it on a suit, and also guilty if they _don't_ do that, because they know I wanted them to spend it on a nice suit. Gift voucher ahoy. I'm sure you can imagine other circumstances. Others that leap to my mind are; forcing someone to buy books instead of blowing it on alcohol and skateboards; making it harder for someone to buy drugs with it (there are always ways to launder gift vouchers, but the discount can be huge); giving gift vouchers for some place they really love as a way of demonstrating that you've actually thought about it. When someone gives me cash, it suggests to me that they haven't put in any effort. I'd rather they got me something that cost a fiver but they actually know I like, than giving me a twenty. I already have some money and from the point where I started working full-time, unless someone is going to give me a life-changing amount of money, they might as well not bother. A well thought-out gift-voucher can be a half-way house. Furthermore, when you give someone money (unless you give a life-changing amount), it just goes into their pocket with the rest of their money. Some will go on an electricity bill, some will go on food, some will be train fare, it'll all just disappear in things they were going to do anyway. Unless they were living on the breadline, you've made no difference - there is nothing that they have, or did, that was because you gave them some money. You might as well have not bothered. Money - it's the gift people don't even notice. "Why would you assume someone has to make more than the effort of working for a pay check, and then giving you some of that hard earned cash to do with as you please?" Did they get up in the morning thinking "today I'm going to work hard so I can give that guy a nice present"? No. At some point they thought they'd better give me something, and reached for the easiest, most convenient thing they had. Some money. The bare minimum of thought went into it. Why do I want more than the bare minimum of thought? Because that's what friends do. More than the bare minimum. I spend hours and hours, sometimes spread over several weeks, thinking about and finding great gifts for people, because I genuinely like seeing my friends made happy by unexpectedly receiving something they'll really get a lot of pleasure out of. " "unless someone is going to give me a life-changing amount of money, they might as well not bother." .. what the hell, dude?" What? What's not to understand? Someone gives me a twenty. I already have a twenty. I have more than one. If there was something I wanted to buy with it, I already would have. Unless I'm living at the point where I am right on the breadline, one grocery bill from poverty, I won't even notice it (as above, it'll go into the pot marked "money" and just go on some bill or some tax or the rent or whatever). Sad but true; I have made enough to comfortably pay my bills with some left over. If they had stopped off somewhere and spent a five on something they really know I'd like, something that required them to think and spend some time, it would show real effort on my behalf. Sometimes the clichés are true; it's the thought that counts. They are a half-way house. A decent actual gift is far better. On the suit example, I was actually thinking more along the lines of a bespoke tailored suit; they're surprisingly reasonable if you shop around, and everyone can use a decent tailored suit :) Granted, that's something of a more expensive thoughtful gift - it's not something I'd do regularly, but it'd be a gift someone would appreciate for years and years. Every time they put it on, they'd remember that someone gave it to them specially; it'd provoke a pleasant emotional reaction every time. Literally a gift that keeps on giving. If you spent the same amount on, for example, a month's rent paid for them or something else that they just always spend money on, they'd barely feel a thing. Don't forget the skateboarding. It's all the kids spend their money on :p " $20 Wal-Mart gift cards for 10 years." Well, that's essentially as thoughtless as cash. It's all about the thought behind it. No thought = rubbish gift. Yeah, I already said that in another comment. Thanks for playing. To be fair, though, you do sound like the kind of person that a decent suit would be wasted on. Am I to take it that you refuse every gift everyone ever offers, in a fit of outraged morality? "How dare you offer me some money? Do you think I'm incapable of getting money? You want to WHAT? PAY FOR MY CUP OF COFFEE? How dare you!" "Without, the recipient may end up with an article of clothing that they will never, ever, ever wear." If it's something they will never ever ever wear, it doesn't sound like a "decent actual gift" to me. I read that as San Francisco and wondered why a bunch of hipsters from the Bay were being so retro :( You don't know if the law was overlooked in those cases, or if they were found to be not guilty or significantly less guilty, or if they were simply given less harsh sentences. Discretion given to specify different sentences for the same crime is sensible. I don't know a damn thing about the law so I'm asking this in the hopes of education; I live in a country that doesn't recognise software patents. Presumably I can still sell software overseas, to places where software patents are recognised. What's stopping people such as Mr Meyer creating a company in my country that exists purely to create the effect that all sales of his software come from my country? Not trolling or snarking; I genuinely don't know what the situation would be in that kind of case. Company employee in a the US making the software just as before, but technically working for company in a country that doesn't recognise software patents, and that company is the company selling the software to people in the US. A Shakespearean scholar who doesn't remember any of the works of Shakespeare? Does he have some kind of memory problem? He's spent years of his life examining the works of Shakespeare in detail, reading around the subject, probably watching play after play, travelling to see new interpretations being put on, and he can't quote me a single sonnet? Either he's incompetent, or he has some kind of memory problem. Now extend to algorithms. I wouldn't hire a programmer like this Shakespearean scholar. I believe the current propaganda term used for this sort of thing is "hard working families". Borderline criminal? Do you think that your comments here are going to lead to you being arrested? Are the snatch-squads coming for you? Or is your real fear that some meaningless "karma score" on your other account might go down a bit? What a disaster that would be, given that it's such a meaningful value and lowering it would really affect your life. Having a throwaway account for comments you think people won't like says a lot more about you than about society. Glad you're here; I'd like to ask you a question. It wasn't the right choice then, but (putting aside all issues of debt) do you think you'd get more out of it now? Or in a decade? I really enjoyed university, got a lot out of it, but I'm getting even more pleasure out of taking another degree part-time now around my job and the thought of taking three or four years off now purely to study and learn and mentally play is much more enticing than the first time round. Maybe it's just because I'm older, maybe it's because I've been working for a decade, maybe some other set of reasons, but I think I'd get a great deal more out of it now than I did then (which is not to say I didn't get a lot out of it; I did, but I'd get more now). "is it established that porn is sexist?" It is, yes. The vast, vast, vast, vast, vast, vast majority of porn panders to a specifically, typically male fantasy (and bravado) of sexual interaction. No, it does not. The following makes no claims about male fantasy or porn; it is merely a means of explaining that you have made an incorrect inference. Imagine if you will that, hypothetically, 10% of male fantasy is about humiliating women. Imagine also, hypothetically, that all porn is based on that 10%. In this way, you can see that it is possible for all porn to be about humiliating women, but that does not imply that the majority of male fantasy is about that. Put another way, if all cows are black, it does not mean that everything black is a cow. If all porn is based on a male fantasy, it does not mean that all male fantasy is represented in porn. What does it mean to "democratise" encryption? Can people start voting on it now? I could put a monkey in someone's chair with the same job responsibilities. Doesn't mean I've replaced that person; I've simply found a way to occupy their space and assign their tasks. If the film began by appearing to be about Freeman and chums, but gradually was revealed to actually be about G-Man as a "chess Grandmaster" style behind-the-scenes puppet-master, they could get a lot out of that. If you read the rest of the article instead of just the first few lines, you'll discover that "There is no way LEGO sets have always been this expensive; it is just molded plastic." is simply part of the conversational setup leading into the discussion that disproves that part of the setup. Is there, however, an individual or small group inside Boeing who got a nice bonus, a pay rise and/or promotions from it? "Maybe because of the huge language barrier(any language other than Korean has very limited reception in Korea) which is IMHO, though very difficult for me, something South Koreans should be proud of" Proud to speak only one language? Is this the same kind of pride as looking down on people marrying someone from another country? The same kind of pride as never having eaten foreign food? These are not things to be proud of. "I hear that a lot, but the truth is that the next Perl Harbour has already happened. It was a surprise aerial attack on a strategic port city back in 2001. Almost 3,000 people were killed." The Pearl Harbour attack was an attempt by a government to cripple an enemy's capability to project power in the Pacific ocean, with the attacker's intent to then establish dominance in that region. What you describe was nothing of the sort and to call it another Pearl Harbour is simply wrong. "any language other than Korean has very limited reception in Korea" That's not about being self-sufficient. It's just lack of knowledge. The Pearl Harbour attack forced a nation that was reticent into an actual, real war against a serious foe that presented a genuine threat; a war that would dictate cultural and economic supremacy over the Pacific region for the next half-century. It also pushed the US into the genuine battle for national existence raging over the other half of the planet in which millions of people were already under the yoke of an invader. The ensuing economic activity towards the war effort created the situation post-war in which the U.S. dominated the world whilst at the same time providing massive, massive increases in living standards for the U.S. population and also in large parts of Europe via the Marshall Plan. The echoes continue to ring today. Comparing this to 9/11 is like comparing a tank to a soap box racer. I might as well say that the price of pork belly futures is the next Pearl Harbour as that also affects US policy. "9/11 pushed the US into a war with Iraq and Afghanistan," I disagree. The US was not pushed into those wars; the US chose both those wars. Neither of those nations presented a threat to the US, and Iraq had no links to 9/11 (and Afghanistan's links were laughably circumstantial - some of the planners lived there; let's have a war!) - it was simply a convenient excuse for the US to launch into a badly thought-out war. "The 9/11 attacks DID force a nation into an actual, real war (two, actually, in Iraq and Afghanistan, and three if you want to count the generic "War on Terror" that was stepped up dramatically after the attack). " The US was not forced into those wars. Iraq posed no threat to the US. Afghanistan posed no threat to the US. Pearl Harbour was an act of war by a nation; Japan had serious intent to dominate the Pacific and become the regional economic and military power, and was prepared to do serious damage to the US in order to achieve those aims. 9/11 was an act of terrorism by non-national actors. Iraq and Afghanistan were no threat; the US was not pushed into those wars. The US chose them. "Now, I do not see any any German learning Hindi or Korean. Do you?" "Now, I do not see any any German learning Hindi or Korean. Do you?" Yes, I do. I see them learning languages that they are likely to find a use for beyond their own. Many Germans speak two languages, and many can get by in three. The Dutch are generally fantastic; I know Dutch people who are conversational in four. Most Indians I meet get by in Hindi, English and often a third local dialect. Nit-picky about the necessity? Two countries were invaded without posing any threat to the US! "Pearl Harbor may have forced our hand more clearly, so to speak, but both attacks were deep provocations." What exactly was 9/11 a provocation to do? Most of the people involved were already dead, and they weren't state actors - they were private citizens. What exactly was that a provocation for the US to do? "each represented a physical challenge to the United States' influence over particular spheres." One represented a challenge to physically and economically dominate the Pacific for the foreseeable future. One represented a challenge to the structural integrity of some buildings in New York. The scale, effect and consequences are so fantastically different that I genuinely struggle to understand how they can be seen in principle as the same thing. "But if you want to define "Pearl Harbors" as serious, potentially dangerous attacks against the US" By this definition, 9/11, which was not a serious, potentially dangerous attack against the US, was not a Pearl Harbour. It was a criminal act that killed a lot of people and caused a lot of damage. It was not a serious threat to the US. "Drunk driving" is nonsensical; the people doing it aren't driving drunks, they're driving cars. It's almost as if "drink driving" and "drunk driving" aren't actually meant to be literal descriptions of an act but are a linguistic shorthand commonly used to refer to a situation. With somewhat different results, though. Japan blockade - Japan starts a war to secure the natural resources it needs. Iraq blockade - Iraq poses no threat and gets invaded anyway. On the other hand, if I asked an applicant what they did to get it and the applicant demonstrated that they'd single-handedly implemented a complete, working C++ 11 compiler, I'd hire them on the spot. "This world does not function properly when supply goes to infinity." Are you kidding me? The world would be so much better if supply went to infinity. Where do you choose to draw the line in such cases? Every country makes this choice. Every country does some expensive things instead of spending that money on the poorest members of its society. If one advocates anything other than complete equality of living standards, sending a mission to mars whilst the poor go hungry is just a question of degree. As a currency people trade, you can always make money. Short it when you think it'll go down, buy when you think it'll go up. If you're right, you win. "If it's open source then it would be trivial to crack it, so what would be the point?" You are subscribing to the security-through-obscurity myth and I claim my five dollars. I can explain to you in complete, perfect details how, for example, the RSA public-key encryption system works. If you can use that to crack the encryption (in a useful time) without having the decryption key, you can write your own ticket. There is an argument that it's historically common. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Segmented_sleep#Segmented_sleep... In some countries corporations effectively do have morals and it does seem to work for them. Many German companies see themselves as a partnership between employees, customers and society. His C++ books became canonical examples of books not to read if you wanted to learn C++. If we need more than 8 decimal places, we have a new currency of very similar nature with a more convenient base unit. By that point, the principle will have been proven. They used eMail to get back in touch with the judge to get married. eMail is way technological. "Except a rip off"? I expect you certainly didn't major in English lit :) What's the problem with the nuns having fun one? Oh, well, if we're allowed to redefine the words as we go, MY job is way glamourous. I can drink tea out of any mug I choose to bring in with me. Oh yes. Now THAT'S glamour. The only special thing about programming is that you can do it remotely far more easily than, for example, chemical engineering or landscaping (on the downside, a lot of people do; the barrier to entry is low, so we get a lot of bad software). In all other respects, everything you've said applies equally to those and a million other jobs. " If you can accurately predict something that happens at a future time or in a different place, then that's all I need to consider it science." That's an extraordinarily vast definition. I think it's so vast as to be not just "an opinion I disagree with" but something I'd happily label "incorrect". I can read some words on a piece of paper, put that paper down, and then predict what words will be written on it if I pick it up again and read it again. To call that science is, to my mind, incorrect. I could likewise write down a sequence of numbers on that piece of paper, and predict what they will be when I read it again. Still not science. I could save space by writing in a mathematical notation the rules for generating that sequence of numbers and again, I can predict what those numbers will be in the future when I expand that notation and get the sequence back. I could save myself the hassle of deriving the sequence on paper by having a machine do it for me. What I've now made is a deterministic, predictable future event that is no more than what I described above. It's not science. How does adding "no offense" to the front of a statement affect how offensive the remainder of the statement is? "Yet we butcher these poems on speculation and assumptions. We don't learn anything from this in my opinion. The entire process of analyzing books/poems/movies in English class is silly." I have conversations with people (adults) who clearly never had to do these things (or any other similar study of the written word). It's like having a conversation with a child; they miss puns, subtext, irony, sarcasm, struggle to consider more than one conflicting opinion at a time, struggle to interpret beyond the purely literal and struggle to communicate their own thoughts to others. An inability to communicate beyond such a low level is crippling. Speaking as an outsider, and without wanting to start comparing other countries, the citizens of the US do actually appear to be very good at doing what they're told by the government; the range of political opinion and so forth amongst the citizenry typically exists within an extraordinarily narrow band as laid down by the government. "These two theories describe the exact same behavior" I disagree. One of them is about long-term passion for a goal. One of them is about social inability. It's quite possible to have both at the same time. It's quite possible to have just one. It's quite possible to have neither. They are not the same thing. I have been to the DPRK on holiday and whilst I was there it was explicitly made clear that the people of the DPRK (or at least, the ones I met who are presumably on-message) do refer to "Korea" as one Korea. That's not denial of the existence of other Korea, and not "we're the true Korea"; it's more that there is only one Korea, it's the entire peninsula, and this unfortunate state of affairs where there are currently two separate governments isn't an indication that there are two Koreas. There's one Korea. The whole thing. I asked the guides specifically so I think I've got it more or less right. I maintain that they are not the same. The principal behaviour of Aspergers is a social inability. The principal behaviour of Grit is passion for a long-term goal. In your original post, I take issue with this in particular: "These two theories describe the exact same behavior -- intense focus and specialization". I disagree. I believe only ONE of them describes intense focus - grit. The other, Asperger's, describes social inability. If they are the same thing, how is it possible that some people who are passionate about a long-term goal are socially adept and gregarious, and some people with Aspergers have no passion for any long-term goals? Grit behaviour - passion for long term goal. Says nothing about social ability. It's very possible to have fantastic passion for a long term goal and be socially adept. Asperger's behaviour - social inability. Says nothing about passion for long term goals. It's very possible to be Aspergic and have no passion for long term goals. These are two different behaviours. You say they are the same behaviour - I completely disagree. "Second, are you really not getting this?" Yes, I really am not getting this. Earlier I thought you were saying that the two were in fact the same thing, but now you seem to be saying that they are different and they happen to have similar symptoms; although, frankly, the difference between an Aspergic obsessed with something and a passionate non-Aspergic obsessed about something are like chalk and cheese; a few minutes spent with each talking about their interest makes the two unmistakable - if it's identical behaviour, how come I can tell the two apart? How come I can think of heaps of people with grit who are not Aspergic and would not be described as such by even the most diagnosis-happy psychiatrist? I think what you're saying is that they are different, and that it's possible to sometimes mistake one for the other, and some psychiatrists make this mistake. Is that what you're saying? Well yes, but so does the current stuff :) Petzold's "Code" starts at pretty much nothing and ends up with a programmable computer made using transistors. It's far more primitive than what you want to end up with (that is, you intend to start with an OTS microprocessor and build around that) but it's certainly useful knowledge. Producers of low quality articles on demand have been called hack s for a bit over 200 years, and some of them write the news . Hack er News seems appropriate :) "it outclassed every opponent it fought after World War II." Do you include the North Vietnamese Army in that? You must have a different definition of "outclassed" to me. If you define it as "if we all stand up in a line and shoot at each other in some kind of suicidal "straight up fight", who does better?", then yes, I can see why you'd say that. I would say that the NVA categorically outclassed their opponents. On paper, they had all the disadvantages. Outgunned, outnumbered, less well-equipped (well, during the early days of the M16 rifle they were far better equipped since the the NVA had rifles that actually worked - just how "classy" is an army that gives its infantry rifles that don't work and then wastes time denying the problem?), the list goes on and on. "they won the PR battle though." And indeed, the actual battle to occupy the south. To be fair, (parts of) the US gubbermint wanted the same thing. There are two ways to win a war. Kill everyone on the other side, or make them want to stop enough to do what you want. The NVA wanted the US to leave, and to occupy the south. They got what they wanted. Of course after the US pulled out; that was what the NVA wanted. They certainly didn't look outclassed as they rolled into Saigon and took over. I found the opposite. For example, I find it extraordinarily frustrating not to be able to know what kind of object something is by looking at the point in code where it is created; something like variable = somefunction(inputParameter) where variable did not exist before leaves me having to look up the documentation of somefunction to know what kind of object it is returning. You know they didn't. These are programmers we're talking about :) That does explain a great deal of the code and programmes I have encountered over the last decade :) It's a long term strategy. If EA never made another Sim City game, eventually, eventually, someone else would. A Sim City game with a different name, sure. But a Sim City game. Upvote for correcting a common mistake, massive downvote for doing it with a remarkably patronising * sigh *. Whilst I'm no expert in the field, I think the culture of veterinary science is significantly different. So different that it's not a useful analogy. Here are my reasons: Vets need qualifications; there are very few vets who just kind of taught themselves by cutting up animals and experiementing with giving them different drugs. Whilst experience counts for a lot, I really don't see experienced vets looking at a new vets work and saying "Hur! Fuckin Noob!". Contrast this with the common perception amongst (some, by no means all) programmers that a degree really doesn't mean a lot when it comes to ability to actually solve problems, write good code, work well in a team etc etc. Vets (often) work in small groups. Small groups foster much less secure mob mentalities and all the other gang characteristics that we see in large groups. In some companies, a programmer pen can hold fifty or more programmers. (Many) vets work with people. They work ON animals, but the animal has an owner who is worried and needs to be dealt with as well. Vets have people skills and comport themselves as professionals. If my livelihood depended on the vet to properly examine my herd of cows, and the vet carried the attitude I see many programmers carry, I'd fire them on the spot and find someone else. Many programmers rarely have to actually work with customers, and that becomes more and more true the larger the programming team (which is exactly the kind of situation where unfortunate attitudes can take hold and/or immature behaviour run without being confronted). There are more reasons; essentially, I'm saying that I believe this analogy is flawed and that any other such analogies need to be similarly examined for applicability. Just because one profession got its act together without special measures needing to be taken doesn't mean they all can. I'm no kind of music fan, and even I can hear how crappy 48kHz sounds next to 192kHz; you can hear it even over a bad pair of earbuds. I'm saying that one of the things that may be keeping women from going into CS is that (compared to veterinary science) programmers come across as unprofessional immature dickheads far more than vets do (and, in my experience, ARE unprofessional immature dickheads far more frequently than vets). Men seem to be more willing to put up with this (and indeed, in some cases seem to embrace it). Vets had a much easier ride in making their profession appear to be a sensible choice for the young lady deciding on a career. "Negligible" is an adjective meaning "such a small amount that it has no significance", and a "triviality" is something of no serious concern. Is English not your first language, or do you have the reading skills of an eight year old? I thought IvyM said he talking about bitrate; not sampling rate? Perfect. That is SO much better than your previous comment and my comment in response. Clear, to the point, adding to the conversation and inviting the OP to more clearly state their case. More please! "Why is it that in a 100 person company, you only have 5 IT ppl and the other 95 seem to have secured jobs?" Isn't that what we expect to happen? As jobs become automated, humans stop doing them and you get more humans doing the jobs that cannot be currently automated. Where for "market" presumably we read "criminals breaking the law", ultimately to disastrous effect. Are publishers more useful to fiction authors? There is a great deal of work to be done in turning what the author creates into something the public buy and I suspect it may be qualitatively different for technical manuals and fiction. Charles Stross (of Laundry Files and Merchant Princes fame) has some excellent words about this on his blog (www.antipope.org, look over at the right sidebar on his blog) where he describes and discusses the significant amount of work done by his publishers. On the plus side, you could take one to touch in at work for him. No, you've missed the point completely. In English, "vacation" and "training course" do not have the same meaning; don't be fooled by the fact that they both involve living away from home. The Kickstarter policies are clearly listed on their page, but the point is that you have to be making something; producing a product. If you'd checked, you'd have seen that vacation is explicitly listed as forbidden. For example, you could be making a book about European art, and to do this, you need to go to Europe. In this case, one could argue that she's getting money for tuition, which is against the rules, but it's part of the disallowed "fund my life", which implies that it's things that are already part of her life. Without the kickstarter, she's not going on the training course; it's not part of her life. It's an essential part of producing the product at the end of the kickstarter. In this case, one could argue that she's getting money for tuition, which is against the rules, but it's part of the disallowed "fund my life", which implies that it's things that are already part of her life. Without the kickstarter, she's not going on the training course, so it's not part of her life. College student asking for money to pay university fees - that's tuition, that's "funding my life". Training course for the people producing the product, that they would not go on without the kickstarter and is essential to the production of the product at the end of the kickstarter? That's not "funding my life", that's kickstarter. No, you're not buying a product. You're funding the creation of a product. If the kickstarter in question chooses to give people that product, that's lovely, but it's not what you're paying for. " this is exactly like "pay my Full Sail tuition and I'll give you copies of the games I make there," on a smaller scale." No, it is not. What's the product there? What product am I paying money to fund the creation of? What do I read about on the kickstarter page that the course is a necessary part of creating? No product. You cannot fund literally anything. Check the rules. "We allow creative projects in the worlds of Art, Comics, Dance, Design, Fashion, Film, Food, Games, Music, Photography, Publishing, Technology, and Theater. Everything on Kickstarter must be a project. A project has a clear goal, like making an album, a book, or a work of art. A project will eventually be completed, and something will be produced by it." If you're writing a book about a car that falls into the above, and you put on your kickstarter page that you need to buy the car in order to write the book, that's within the rules. Many, many, MANY kickstarters make it clear that they will be buying physical goods in order to create the product. If you want to do this, by all means go for it. I wouldn't be surprised if people decided not to fund it because they think you're trying to get a free car out of them, but purchase of goods (and services) with the kickstarter funds to help make the product is pretty much the whole point of kickstarter. In your case, I wouldn't be surprised if kickstarter themselves decided to squelch your project on the heavy suspicion that you don't really have a passion for a creating a book about the car, but that's up to them. It's always been possible to stalk people and gather lots of information about them in order to increase ones chances of striking up a romantic relationship with them. it's always been possible to do this with many people at once. It's always been creepy. "Do you really think this the only guy or girl who's tried this?" How did you get that? He didn't say anything like that. He pointed out that this is creepy. Just because people have been creepy for as long as there have been people doesn't change that. "Did Steve Jobs receive a letter once his net worth passed a certain threshold inviting him to join the various "protect the rich" conspiracies?" That's a simplistic way of putting it, but as a metaphor, yes. It's not an organised conspiracy with secret meetings and hidden agendas dedicated to this, but yes. Wealthy people are powerful. Wealthy people mix with other wealthy people. Their friends are wealthy people. Their social groups are wealthy. People protect themselves and their social groups. "Just wondering, because that kind of thing would require planning and organization." Do you know how hard it can be to get people to vote against their own interests? It requires vast amounts of planning and preparation. Bodies such as the American Enterprise Institute and Cato Institute, for example. These require serious funding and planning and organisation. When you give your talks with humour injected, do people in the audience come to you afterwards and suggest that your remarks were unhelpful to some people in the audience, as someone did in this case? In essence, do people politely complain to you about what you said? If they did, would you ignore them and carry on injecting your humour? I disagree on the same grounds as before. What's the product? What piece or Art, or Lit, or Technology are they building, that can then be churned out or reprinted or duplicated etc? Send me to college to learn things? There's no product, so it's not valid. I'm making this product and I need this training course; there is a product. Some technology can be crippling to the art of thinking. When an answer you seek is moments away at the end of an internet connection, for how long can you resist its siren song before succumbing, surrendering your own cognitive processes for the already completed thoughts of someone else? :) Conversation already running here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5427771 and here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5425235 and probably elsewhere as well. So is your problem that the money is going towards a training course, or is your problem that she could have raised the money some other way? Where is the fraud, by the way? What is she lying about? Are the people who are choosing to give their money to this being totally fooled and they think their money will be spent on something completely different? As I read the front page, it looks like a small amount (deposit?) has been paid and 1098 dollars are left to pay. I'm going purely on information on the front page; the rest of it is comments and people's private investigations and all sorts of other stuff with, frankly, as much weight as the front page itself. I suspect a great deal of people's upset is caused by the fact that her mother could afford it. I've got no personal issue with people raising funds however they can. Other people's opinions differ, of course. I don't consider a training course necessary to create the product "fund my life", but again other people do. Presumably they'd be happy with a mountain of textbooks and some expensive hardware (although some of them complain that she intends to also buy a laptop, brilliantly on the grounds that it's a common item in their particular social environment, which presumably means that it's something they had to buy with their own money so why should she get one for free). Is it still fraud if you announce it in big letters on the front page? If there is no deception involved? "My problem is rich people soliciting donations for their selves (under the sneaky implication they are somebody who needs this)." Are you by chance a citizen of a major first world country? If so, have you tried to do anything about this already? Major industries constantly take subsidies and kickbacks and all the rest of it that they don't need, with the money being funnelled to wealthy people. Have you written to your representative to ask about this? If not, maybe you could start there rather than here. Is it still theft if you tell them in advance what you want it for and they choose to give it to you? Our judicial system says no, but your opinion is considered valid too! Perhaps you don't know what theft is. Theft is taking something that belongs to someone else (without permission) with the intent of keeping it. She is not taking anything. People are choosing to give her money. She's not (obviously) defrauding anyone either; she explained what the money is going towards. Maybe it is all a scam and she doesn't exist and it's going on coke n' hookers, but you don't know that any more than I do. You, however, don't like this, and you don't like that people are choosing to give her some money, but you are unable to express yourself clearly. All you have is your pathetic rage and your inability to explain what you don't like about the situation. Does it make you feel like a big man? Are you going to start issuing death threats now? You're safe to do that; this is your new throwaway account, yes? So you can let you inner rage out without losing any of your precious social approval. Am I really going to have to be an online dictionary? That's fraud. You can't copy someone's logo. Otherwise, copy whatever design you like. If I was with Kickstarter, I'd simply tell you the official position and none of these threads would have happened. I certainly wouldn't be engaged in this kind of back and forth when we'd have a company policy on it and probably someone whose job is to monitor and manage this kind of public discussion. "There is no reason whatsoever why the same person should both create new knowledge and also teach calculus/cs 101/etc" How about that the person using the tool every day in the course of their work is probably going to be the person best placed to teach others how to use it? Obviously teaching is a skill and craft that has to be taught, but given two people of equal teaching ability, the person using the tool every day should be the better choice, surely? Well then it's nice to see so much of that US money being spent overseas where a great many of the inventions /discoveries /cracks take place. "and some of "us" don't think how you dress has anything at all to do with being a "grownup". " Are those people autistic, or just idiots? How you dress has nothing to do with being a "grownup"? Sure it doesn't. I see people come into work wearing spiderman pyjamas every day. Unless the US executive decides to continue the assassination of US citizens without trial. No court - no need to present evidence. There are already courier companies employing essentially casual employees. No uniform or anything like that; these people use their own cars and simply pick up a stack of parcels in the morning and deliver them as best they can over the day. No reason why a company as large as WalMart can't manage that, and by paying these people with a discount on their shopping instead of money, WalMart effectively pays less. Add in that WalMart already has established locations, so they won't need to rent distribution centres, and they're laughing. Casual courier companies already exist. Employees are paid daily, piecework. They drive their own cars and pay their own fuel. They just pick up parcels at the start of the day and deliver them as best they can. This already exists, so whatever objections you have must have already been surmounted. They were rebranded as Hermes Europe and they still operate. Amazon uses them today. Presumably the same thing that happens now when a stranger knocks on your door and you murder them. You get arrested for murder and go to jail. Although if you ever paid for English lessons, somebody owe s you a refund :) No. Whilst I am guessing which legal system you come under, if it's the one I suspect, the owner of the property has the responsibility to ensure reasonable levels of safety. Walmart does not have a responsibility to maintain the sidewalk outside someone else's house. If the last dozen people delivering there all were injured and WalMart knew about it, then you might have some kind of case. The article uses "great power" as a synonym for 'buys lots of weapons' or more charitably "has a strong army". By these definitions, North Korea is a "great power". Not true. You've mistaken "huge army" for "strong army". The DPRK military is huge (in terms of manpower). It is, nonetheless, not remotely capable enough to qualify as "great power". I never really got why people found pointers to be complicated I find that its often badly taught using truly awful analogies that don't help and are often actively unhelpful as soon as you step outside the very narrow boundaries of the analogy. A simple and easy thing, badly taught, becomes difficult. I don't understand them and they are never properly explained. There is nothing to get. They're just text, inserted wherever you told the preprocessor to insert that text, exactly as if you had typed the whole lot in yourself. What you choose to do with this ability is up to you. Many people choose to use it to avoid having to copy the same text over and over again into other files. You have a great deal of faith in China's ability to control the DPRK. Given that China is now part of the international community behind the latest sanctions (which this action is at least partly a response to), why do you think the DPRK leadership will require Beijing's approval for their actions? Have you visited the North? When I was there last year the Juche philosophy was as much a part of everyone as the casual references to the Great Leader being the Sun of the World; the attitude amongst the people I spoke to was that China was, whilst a friendly neighbour, not necessary to the wellbeing of the DPRK (no comment on how true that actually is - just on what I gathered of people's attitudes). As it is, I do agree this is just more sabre-rattling and it is to be taken as seriously as all the previous sabre-rattling. The real announcement of continuing the war will be troop movements and the like, which will be very easily seen in advance. Have you been there? It seems a stretch to hold people responsible for the actions of their government when they are born and die in the same village, need permission to leave that village (and "wanting to go on a trip" doesn't count), have no way to communicate with anyone outside the village, have effectively no way to influence their government whatsoever, and the only source of information they have is the official government version of everything. You have as much influence over the DPRK government as they do. Is China really so big on tourists? I must say I find it odd that this comes across so strongly. Nothing about upsetting the political and military balance in the region, no inherent fear of what happens when US troops start running around the DPRK literally on the Chinese border. It's all about the the tourists. "middle class(if there's one)" Whilst Western definitions of middle-class tend to involve our economy in some way, the best I could manage would be those living in the cities and towns. They get (not brilliantly reliable) electricity, access to healthcare, housing that varied from buildings genuinely I thought were abandoned up to blocks of flats that weren't in too horrific shape. In the cities there was some (overcrowded and often dark) public transport. Towns relied on bicycles and lots of walking. The majority of people were those living in villages. I passed these over and over again on the roads (by which I mean, I could see them from the road - they were usually NOT on the road network themselves, presumably by design). Buildings were of brick or other such material. Vehicles extremely rare. Oxen extremely rare (and clearly prized as ploughing tools). Three-person ploughing teams depressing common (looked like a shovel and two ropes tied to the head - one person jams it into the field, everyone lifts it and turns the earth, everyone takes one step forwards and repeats, over and over and over again). I didn't see much evidence of electricity in these villages. They're effectively cut off; there's no way for Kim Citizen to decide to wander over to the next village. Rivers used for washing clothes. People walking a long, long way to the fields they were working. The number of people engaged in working the land was enormous. For someone from the West used to the idea that a very small percentage of the population need be engaged in actually growing the food, it's a shock to see people in the 21st century farming effectively by hand. The evidence of the famine and also massive deforestation is clear if you look. Every scrap of land that someone can can reach and might support crops is being farmed. There are vast, vast numbers of saplings with little white stone circles around them (presumably to mark it). In the last decade, they were clearly in a very bad way for solid fuel. I agree that keeping the population in the dark is a very effective means of control. The locals I met were very keen to flick through what magazines etc I'd brought with me and wanted to know simple things about my life. There was a famine before, and it didn't end the regime. There is a persistent myth that if a people gets hungry enough, they have a revolution, but it didn't happen in China and it didn't happen in the DPRK. I would be hesitant to think that simply cutting off the food would be so effective in quickly changing the DPRK foreign policy. Lack of freedom is maybe a reason to reject responsibility for one’s own society, but neither a justification nor an excuse. They're not rejecting responsibility. It's not as if they used to be fully in control and one day decided that they'd have a go instead at being prisoners of the state, utterly powerless, to see how that went. Nobody allowed them to reject responsibility. Being allowed to reject such responsibility on the basis of a lack of freedom would make it too easy for the general public to blame a select few for crimes Are you serious? You want to hold people responsible for something they didn't do and had absolutely no control over? If that's how it is, then YOU are also to be held responsible. It's done in a number of small ways. I passed through military checkpoints every time I left a town, and every time I arrived at one. In one, we had a police escort to the hotel (although, to be honest, I suspect the policeman just really wanted to turn on his siren and ride in front clearing the pedestrians off the road - exciting day for him). If you don't have a mandated reason to visit another town (or even leave your own town), you aren't doing it. There will be no underground network of revolutionaries without the ability to find each other or communicate. Food; food was allocated (in the towns, at least - I don't know about villages) by your official food distribution centre, which often seemed to be the ground floor of the building you were living on. You got a few days in advance at a time. If you ever decided to try something (be it make a run for the border or have a revolution), you'd have three days' worth of food to make it work. Speaking of running for the (north) border, you'd better be able to make it on foot within a few days. You'll have to stay clear of the roads (what roads there are) so it'll be yomping over fields. The media is the state media. There are a number of smuggled radios etc on the country. It's very hard to get figures on this; they seem to be clustered towards the north border where they drift in from China, and in the cities. The government control of the airwaves is not absolute, but they do engage in jamming and so forth. It is as people say. The country is to a large extent a prison camp. Some of it is an "open" prison, some of it is working three generations of a family to death, sentencing children alongside their grandparents because they upset someone with power (or had something the powerful person wanted - many Japanese of Korean origin who foolishly moved there found themselves stripped of all the wealth they brought with them and reduced to poverty or simply dispatched to a labour camp) or maybe just said the wrong thing (turning each other in does not seem to be uncommon). A DPRK spring in the style of the Arab spring is not, in my opinion, on the cards. Doesn't every human activity with a large dependence on knowledge and experience get better with age? Yet some women feel demeaned by being referred to by a corruption of the word "girl", perhaps in the same way many men would take offence if you called them "boy". Not to worry, though; next time I encounter any such complaints, I'll tell them that you said it's not demeaning, so their feeling are an illusion. Would you mind me calling you "boy" in general? How about a cutesy corruption of the word "boy"? In the old days that's what we used to call a summary. If you like that sort of thing and think you might like to do it yourself, reading up on how to write essays and the like will be very informative. Words carry history. I can think of words that you might use in conversation with various groups without meaning to project any negative overtones whatsoever that would nonetheless be extraordinarily badly received; you could explain to the paramedic as he stems the bleeding that you didn't actually mean to cause offense. No, it's derived from an actual name. http://www.behindthename.com/name/guy Just because there was someone famous with a name doesn't mean that name was derived from that famous person. It took on new meaning in the UK after that famous person became famous, but he didn't invent it. While we're here, he wasn't a failed terrorist. He was a failed assassin. I thought an unknown Australian bested that last year? And the usual stack of classic comments building on there already as well. "Man the fuck up bitch". Some guy talking about how he's totally on side but somehow is unable to keep himself from commenting on her breasts; presumably he subscribes to the idea that if you can pretend to be ironic, you can still say it. Classic stuff. If that's what you have, your options are presumably use them, or run out and get a dozen iPhones. I know which I'd go for. House prices seem to bubble and crash over and over. Complain about it? What's to complain about? Compared to others, the majority of people in the UK have it remarkably easy. As you say, each month the tax is taken off your pay and sent directly to the taxman, and that's it. Zero effort on the part of the person being paid. If you've got more complicated affairs, you have to do some paperwork, but that'd be also true if the UK had the US system; it's very easy for most. There's a middle-ground to be found between easy taxes and telling the government everything. The UK government knows monthly pay and takes tax from that accordingly. If one has any other taxable income, or any reason why one should pay less tax, it's up to that individual to tell them. This makes taxes easy (most people never talk to the tax office at all), and maintains privacy. Good to know that you get up early every morning. Perhaps some other people will chime in with what time they like to get up and a selection of other irrelevancies. I mean, after you've finished them, you can't keep playing them over and over because there's nothing really to "play." Yet people did. And still do. People read some books over and over again. People watch some movies over and over again. The same music, over and over again. And some people, the same games, over and over again. The majority of developers in London, and indeed in the rest of the UK, make far far far far less. On the plus side, 3 weeks of vacation? 5 is more common and 6 isn't unheard of. Now that's interesting; a brand in one country that's doing well (if I take your word for it, which I will - no reason not to :) ) is (presumably) being actively damaged by the incompetence of companies operating under that brand in other countries. What happens in this sort of case? Can we expect to see T-Mobile US try to rebrand or rename itself? "That is what they are paid for." I have no doubt that he's been given a strong talking to for diverting a plane and costing the airline no small expense on such a ridiculous over-reaction. They're paid to be sensible risk-evaluators and decision-makers, and this one is clearly rubbish at it. "It's easy to just assume that the pilot is an incompetent decision maker, but it's way more likely that he or she just overreacted" Overreaction is incompetent decision making. Very true. An entire country held hostage by a tiny proportion of workers deciding to go on strike. I can definitely see the argument that any private body with that kind of power has to have that power removed. be sure to head over to Charles Stross' page and read his set of posts on the publishing industry. http://www.antipope.org/charlie/blog-static/2010/04/common-m... It's very readable Stross specific background knowledge for the publishing industry and knowing it will help you in dealing with publishers. Did the bankers choose to simply turn off everyone's electricity in the evening? They aren't holding anyone hostage. They're just taking all the money they can get their hands on and we're choosing to hand it over. "But that guys knows the facts and HE respects her." "Ah, but he doesn't TRULY know the facts." Long story short, please take your no-true-Scotsman and shove it. "So yes - we were being held hostage." Wait, so you're saying that at any time the bankers could have flipped a switch and magically the economy turns back on in a matter of seconds? So no, we were not being held hostage. "I personally support the use of IT as a means of oppression ... because I'm kind of fed up by squinty libertarians and source-code rioters telling us what software and IT are and what they should be used for" Fortunately for the rest us of, children aren't allowed to vote, so maybe by the time you've grown up you'll have grown out of your tantrum and you won't approve of screwing everybody over because you're annoyed at a handful of people. Is that what the bankers said? Is there some collective banker mafia who chose to destroy the economy because we didn't hand over protection money when they came calling? No. They were greedy and incompetent and we let them do it. No holding hostage. No extortion. No protection rackets. Greed and incompetence and lack of oversight and deregulation. That's nice for you, although off-topic. My problem isn't with your opinions on the need for a nation to carry out legitimate surveillance. The problem is that you approve of oppressing people via IT because you don't like some hearing people's opinion on what IT should be used for. Oppression is not legitimate surveillance, and oppressing people because you're having a tantrum is childish. "I feel entitled to a bit of vaguely legitimate retribution." In favour of oppressing people via IT because you don't like hearing the opinion to the contrary - so fantastically childish that your claim to not be childish becomes some kind of satire. I suspect the "must work 24/7" thing is probably rooted in the fact that some folks are just like that and those folks are often crazily successful. Are they? What if you just don't notice the unsuccessful ones; they're at home spending ten hours a day drawing pictures of butterflies, or they're down at the gym obsessively lifting heavy things over and over again, or any one of a number of other obsessive activities that don't bring success. As a counterpoint based purely in practical terms, there are nonetheless almost a dozen companies competing to actually take my money in exchange for a service, many of which are far faster and far cheaper (and without any data limit) than typical offerings in the US. True, I have no need for fast speeds; 20 Mbs is more than enough for me. BBC News. Unless they, you know, have internet access, some hardware to play around with and the ability to read. So this is unlikely to be the work of some punk kid in a village two hundred miles from Pyongyang. I suppose there is the one in a million chance that the DPRK government might have arranged some kind of group that does have internet access and a mandate to cause problems for the country they're at war with. Outdated technology like this? http://timenewsfeed.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/computers.jp... DPRK has modern computers. DPRK has internet connections. It has smart people who did well in maths class and know how to program. It has very tight control on all of this, but it has it. Hell, if they needed some more off the shelf PCs, they could just wander across the border into China and buy some; the train crossing into Dandong was full of DPRK citizens going into China. A vast number of major governments have made it illegal to trade in, for example, heroin. Just making something illegal doesn't necessarily stop trade. That's been true since the first compiler. There are always going to be people who want the extra speed and are willing to work for it. "men are always in competition." I tend to think of this as dickheads are always in competition. Facetiousness aside, this might be more of an American thing. When I was on a Dutch airbase on a joint exercise with various US and European military personnel (anyone else here from IJOLDS 2005? I'm so old :( ), there was a noticeable difference in styles. US was high competition, European was high cooperation. Is it the same in civil society? So much time wasted in schools teaching children secretarial skills on proprietary software packages that will have been replaced by the time they finish school anyway. We could do a lot worse than giving to every such child, instead of practice in Microsoft Word, a decent (possibly primarily one-handed) chord keyboard on which they learn to touchtype. I seem to recall that something along these lines for political punditry was discussed in "The Signal and the Noise" by that chap Nate Silver. I think (but could well be mis-remembering) one of his conclusions was that since these pundits are for entertainment value rather than serious prediction, nobody in charge of putting them in front of the camera cares much. It could be the smartest thing for that country to do; it would be foolish, for example, for Afghanistan to get freshwater by desalinating seawater, but would make a bit more sense for nations with a coastline. Until the U.S. get their act together regarding sterile transit, the international airports are going to continue to be forced to operate effectively with one hand tied behind their back. The sheer inefficiency of forcing everyone passing through to go through arrivals and then departures is ridiculous and must put a stupid, utterly unnecessary strain on the airport. As an aside, I went through Changi airport (the current number one) and it really is lovely. I watched the Koi being fed and wandered around their butterfly garden in Terminal 2. If the U.S. does in fact have sterile transit and I'm just misinformed, I stand by to be corrected :) It's WAY more pleasant. I see the sign, it doesn't affect me, I am happy. I see the TSA, they go through my stuff, they treat me like a terrorist, I wonder if they're going to steal something, they enforce arbitrary rules at their discretion, they take up my time, the whole thing is very unpleasant. Do you routinely carry 29 grams of cannabis through airports? I don't. That's not what it says. It says you are presumed to be in possession of drugs if you have the keys to somewhere containing the drugs. Is that a misread, or do you know of a law that states having drugs in your house is considered evidence of trafficking? Is it just as foul-smelling when it's called Axe? The vast majority of my experience suggests that analysing important factors significantly improves decision making and radically improves the odds of a far superior outcome. Do you have any evidence that thinking carefully about how you feel makes one a bad husband? I would have thought just the opposite. I did find a report once that made a very strong case that it's not young drivers that are the problem - it's inexperienced drivers. The correlation between youth and inexperience is of course very strong, hence the (alleged) misconception. Sadly I didn't make a note of it and can't find it now. That said, as a general rule of thumb, teenagers do suffer from various other pressures that might make them bad drivers too (although I certainly have seen people in their thirties goaded into driving badly by other people in the car). WMD charges don't help either. A pipe-bomb has been considered a WMD for a decade now. The term has been cheapened so much some schools ban the term as useless and carrying almost no information. You can get 25 years for stealing a pair of socks in parts of the US. http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/cruel-and-unusual-... What does it even mean to add $6.1 bn of value? It's not as if the alternative was to put $6.1 bn in a heap and burn it. They've included staff - would they all have been unemployed otherwise? There's lots of data but no meaning here. What, in this case, is "economic value"? If the bank's so smart at investing, why did they give the money to someone who was going to lose it all on the stockmarket? :) It certainly does. On my system, the whole syntax is highlighted a sort of off-white against a black background. "Well, the first 2 turned out to be wrong." Remember, a pipe-bomb is a WMD, so that one can still be argued :) Good enough to see, not good enough for fine work. 60W was enough for me a decade ago. Now for fine work I need 100W. I can still see with 60W, but what was enough for fine work a decade ago is not enough now. I understand this will get worse as I get older. I don't have any particular visual conditions; I'm just aging. That's kind of my whole point. In fact, not "kind of". That is my point. "I am male and not a feminist,... But I am all for equivalence" That's feminism. You're a feminist. I'm using the common dictionary definitions I find, which granted is by no means a guarantee of what the word "means". dictionary.com gives me "the doctrine advocating social, political, and all other rights of women equal to those of men", which to my mind suggests that if someone is "all for equivalence" then equivalence for women is a subset of that, so includes feminism. So yes, I stand corrected. Being "all for equivalence" includes feminism, but is more than feminism; the OP is a feminist, and more. "Except I didn't actually state that I was only for the equality of men and women" You stated you were not for equality of men and women ("I am not a feminist") but then you immediately changed your mind and said "I am all for equivalence". You are, as I said, a feminist and more. A feminist because you are for equivalence of men and women, and more because you are for equivalence of others as well. "not every Egalitarian is automatically a feminist as you claim." Using the definition I gave (which is quite literally the dictionary definition), they are. I acknowledge that many people (in the US) seem to use the word "feminist" to mean "filthy godless pinko commie liberal baby-killing anti-American" (where "liberal" has already been redefined) or some other such politically charged interpretation. That's a fantastic trick pulled by the anti-women (amongst other things) crowd who do wonders with redefining language on a daily basis. Here's a loaf from Tesco for fifty pence (seventy-seven US cents). Looks like twenty or so slices, so call it 2.5 pence per slice; about four cents a slice. http://www.tesco.com/groceries/Product/Details/?id=262358089 As I recall, however, you have to be quick. The cheapest bread tends to vanish from the shelves within minutes of being put out. Certainly a winner at the "hyper competitive dickhead" experience. Many people will discover they don't. I have a mobile phone that is the first mobile phone I ever had (sucker! I never answered the damn thing anyway!); someone gave it to me because they were sick of not being able to phone me any time of the day or night. It's over a decade old and it spends most of the time switched off. If it does happen to ring, I generally ignore it. I live quite happily without carrying a phone or smartphone around with me; I suspect many people will quite happily live without being able to wear their google interface on their face. Why would that be shocking? Seems pretty sensible. "I can't write (anything longer than a few phrases, anyway) and soon nobody will. Why if you type all the time?" I type all the time. Code, reports, all that sort of thing. I also get through about two A4 sized daybooks each year full of handwritten notes, plans, observations, minutes, analysis, calculations and all that sort of thing. The convenience and (relative) permanence of writing on paper using a pen is huge. It's not going to vanish anytime soon. Stock-market investment I pay taxes and I want government sites that are easy to navigate and efficiently designed. Black text on white background does not meet my requirements. This design - which I bet puts over 50% of user requirements in those eight simple pictures at the top - meets my requirements. A page full of black text on a white background? Sounds like you're on some kind of ideological trip. This feels like clickbait to get people to fill out the details about your job at the bottom. I'm really tired of this thread. Have you tried not reading it? When I don't like doing something, I find that the symptoms vanish when I stop doing it. "And so you would leave a country structured like that." So which country with zero welfare do you live in? Is it a nice place to live? "what is their incentive to improve in life" Is that a serious question? What do you think their incentive to improve in life is? Here are some ideas for you: To be healthier. To live longer. To have a nicer house and better living conditions. To improve the lot of their family. To travel and have new experiences. Do you think that people want to live short lives of misery? "what is their incentive to improve in life"? Really? This would be better titled "UI colour schemes and layout, and why I don't do it". You can simply go by another name in many countries, without having to tell any formal authority. In the UK, if you want a piece of paper to go with it (perhaps for applying for a new passport or the like), you can get a statutory declaration or a deed poll; I know someone who needed one to get his bank account details changed and he literally dropped in unannounced over a lunchtime at a local lawyer's office to bang one out. Of course, if the perpetrator discovers this, they can just start again using the new name. Didn't seem to bother him. He just has the degree/certificate in his old name, and his paperwork showing the name change. It's still quite common in the UK for women to change their name when they get married and they don't seem to have any problems of this nature. "What is the goal that is towering above all else for the EU? The one it has actually been relatively successfully implemented?" I thought it was an attempt to stop Europe engaging in endless major land wars. Nature's bananas are bloody awful. No no no, I don't like automation; I like automating things :) I look forwards to the day that shops open whenever someone happens to be around to unlock the door and there's someone in who can work the till. That'll work out great for everyone. Is this satire? I can't tell anymore. A remarkably small subset of software projects, I think you'll find :) Every job is fragile given the right technological advance. yet has managed to convince herself that the world is/was biased against women. Wait, are you saying it isn't/wasn't? You (deliberately contrarian for the sake of it?)dickhead. The character already was a tomboy (or rather, a female wanting to control her own outcomes in life). Normally I try not to insult people, and just attack their argument, but sometimes it's just really justified. Edited: To insert "deliberately contrarian", to specify the behaviour prompting the insult. It's not the person, it's the action. All happy now? :) OMG you're so right! I never noticed before that in the vast majority of societies throughout history and today men are effectively second class citizens. Remember how long it took for men to get the vote! And how in some cultures men are effectively the property of their wives! And there are those religious courts where they simply state that a man's statement doesn't count for as much as a woman's statement! I've got a million of these. It doesn't matter how many long-winded, carefully constructed points to the contrary are raised; every day I see women ignored, overlooked, and unconsciously stepped around in a way that happens far, far less frequently to men. The very fact that the counter-argument has to be carefully constructed is itself damning when compared to the simplicity and ease of verifying what it opposes. Ah, I suspect you have learned a set of social rules that allow you to function in society despite your autism, and one such rule is "don't insult people". I applaud your efforts and I nonetheless disagree. Sometimes, it's justified. Violently ripping off the top of the actual cabin at speed sound like a way to have a good go at killing the driver. Everyone has a different interpretation of what it is "to be a dick"; whilst a nice sentiment, it's like a politician using the phrase "hard-working family" or "common good", and other such glittering generalities[1]. Everyone hears the same words but interprets them according to their own personal values. As such, can you give concrete examples (actual, not hypothetical) of "dickish" behaviour that has been dealt with in this way? [1]. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glittering_generality I find it impossible to believe that a tech company would turn down a brilliant "woman programmer" just because she was a woman. This is a failure of your imagination and experience. "Tech companies" don't turn down people. People turn down people. People sometimes turn down people because they're women. Theft is unlawful taking. Tax isn't unlawful. That's an odd thing to mention. In the UK, being a "devout Christian" is definitely an odd thing, if not outright vaguely suspicious. The photoelectric effect explanation for which he won his prize didn't require any difficult maths.