Agreed. Totally open office sounds like a disaster. I'm on a team of about 10 people, mostly developers, with a few QA specialists mixed. 3 are remote. At my office, we have normal cubes on the first floor. But, we spend 90% of our work hours in a "lab" on the second floor. The lab has one central conference table, so we're all facing each other. So, if we need quiet time to talk on the phone or concentrate, we go downstairs. But, the default for most of the developers is upstairs. Our analyst splits about 50/50. I really like this arrangement. I find I'm LESS distracted when I'm working in a group, even it we're just sitting around the table and not actually talking or pair programming. Of course, we can also work from home should the need arise. Overall, my employer is pretty flexible about all of this. Correct. PG County is only "low income" relative to its neighbors. If memory serves, it's the wealthiest majority minority county in the nation. Keurig machine in the kitchen here. I'm sure it offends the coffee-snobs, but it works for me (I drink tea, not coffee, so just use it for hot water). "My feeling is that consumers are so used to weird domains at this point that nobody really cares about particular domains..." I'd love to see some research indicating this is true. While I certainly am used to "weird domains", I still often default to .com when trying to find things. If I want to look at Ford's current line-up, my first instinct would be to try ford.com. Of course, that fails spectacularly when searching for Nissan cars. But will Israeli security practices scale? Ben Gurion served a bit over 13 million passengers in 2012. JFK served over 47 million. Sure, but it's located below the donation section, which still claims to be ad free. And the site itself is JAMMED with affiliate links disguised as pretty pictures. She can justify it however she wants, but at the end of the day, she's misleading readers (IMO). I'm pretty sure he's saying the guy/gal working from home with 4 kids running around can't be a productive employee. Which is probably true for most cases. Kids can be a giant distraction. "People said the same thing about the huge, bulky cell phones that came out in the 1980s." And, I can count the number of people I knew with those early, bulky cell phones on my fingers and toes. It wasn't until the smaller, cheaper cell phones of the 90s that everybody had one. Will Google Glass lead to something useful? Perhaps. But, will it be a game-changer today? I doubt it. And he's correct about speech interfaces. So far, all of the readily available consumer versions are horrible. "pot use in Silicon Valley... is lower than average. I've seen ... employees openly smoked pot in the office, ...pot smoked at parties etc. and a handful of friends smoke" Based on my experience in the DC metro area, pot use in Silicon Valley is FAR higher than here. Aside from a few friends who smoked in the their teens and early-20s, I don't see it much at all. Maybe DC is even lower than average because of the high concentration of government jobs (and the accompanying clearance process)? Yeah, I don't get it. It sounds like a noisy restaurant. clang bash bang The few people I know who have spent time in Amsterdam also had the same comment. To the point that it was a running joke. Yes. In the last decade or so, the Virginia DMV has been painless for typical tasks. Most common tasks can be performed online - registration, license renewal, even obtaining titles after paying off loans (assuming the dealer/bank held the title electronically). The few times I've had to show up in person, I've been in and out in 30 minutes or less. Question... How do YOU choose the wines you buy? I enjoy a good wine, but never bothered refining my taste for regions, pairings, etc. Instead, I found a good, local wine shop. When I need a bottle, I just ask for what I want... "something to go with a duck dinner", "something to drink on a hot, summer night", etc. So far, they haven't let me down. I probably average $20/bottle - certainly more than strictly necessary for a good bottle - but I figure it's almost guaranteed I'll enjoy the bottle, and it's going to a local, family business, so I'm ok with that. I'll give the benefit of the doubt, and assume "low cost labor" is something close to "first year employee wages". And, not every smart kid is cut out for starting a business. I wasn't. Too risk averse. I like to build software, I'm pretty good at it, but much prefer the comfort of a salary. No comment on banking interns, but I occasionally mentor developer interns. We always have real work for them to do. Usually prototyping something using a new technology that we're considering. Or, prototyping a new product that hasn't been resourced yet. They work a normal work week. 40-45 hours/week. No clue what we pay them, but they are paid and provided housing. We usually hire a few of them full-time when they finish school and they're generally very successful employees. I assume they have a good time. They're 20-21 years old; I hope they do. Stressing at a desk sounds like a pretty lame way to spend your 20s. "Noting also that this played out over many years." Not so. The article states the liens can be sold after a year and foreclosure initiated after an additional 6 months. In several of the cases listed, the original home owner was in hospice care or otherwise unavailable. I don't disagree that the city needs a way to recoup unpaid taxes. But, there has to be a better way than this. Yes, which is why we have the large number of new for-profit institutions. Many of these new for-profits deliver degrees that aren't the paper used to print them because delivery a quality education isn't easy. Yes, very common, at least in the wealthier regions. Many kids have a car available as soon as they can legally drive. That said, I've noticed a trend among my son's peers. Many of them delayed driving until they left for college. Not sure why. When I was that age, everybody skipped school on their 16th birthday to go take the driving test. Correct, it does already exist and it's even more diverse than you indicate. Community colleges (2-year), state colleges, private colleges, state universities, and private universities. All on a continuum, with a fair bit of overlap between categories. I'm sure everybody that attended a top school has a story about the rich flunky down the hall, but it's still the exception, not the rule. This is close to my current office environment. I have a typical cube, located in a typical cube farm, if I want some relative peace and quiet. And the team has a dedicated "lab" where I spend most of my day. It's not a totally open-plan area - just a conference room. Never more than 6-7 developers, of whom 4 are on my team, and the rest are transients from other teams working on related projects. I prefer the lab and only head down to the cube if I need to take client calls. Several of the developers prefer the cubes and spend most of their day there, only coming to the lab for a few hours/day. Not really. While I'm sure you could grab the brakes hard enough to launch yourself over the bars, there is a LOT of braking power to be had before that point. I ride close to 6000 miles/year, most road cycling, racing criteriums and road races. Going over the bars because I simply grabbed the front too hard isn't even the top-20 things I worry about. How many islands (or what % of total land mass) does a nation need to be considered an archipelagic state? You go to the theater for the "unique" concessions? I guess stale nachos and overpriced M&Ms are "unique", but I'd debate if they're a reason to go to the movies. :) Strava does allow users to flag segments as dangerous. I've flagged quite a few on a local multi-use "bike" trail - there are just too many pedestrians, joggers, and horses to try and chase the clock. Being fast on a cross-country trail is about conservation of speed, not just going fast on the downhill segments. Several of the fastest mountain bikers I know grew up racing motocross and bmx. The speed they carry through corners if amazing. The ten years included several startups. And while it appears all eventually failed or were put in the back-burner, he did raise $2 million in angel funding along the way. So, at least in regards to keeping himself housed and fed, I guess it was successful. Downhill racing helment? Motorcycle helmet? Neither of which you'd normally wear on a road bike. In my county (suburban DC), it was roughly (I briefly considered moving into teaching in the early 2000s): - degree in related subject, typically math (CS is/was part of the math department in the county) - master's degree in education, or some other combination of post-graduate work that qualifies for a teaching certificate. My degree in Economics, with a minor in CS, didn't come close to qualifying me to teach CS in high school. Not that it should have by default. But, it does make me wonder where Chicago will find CS teachers. If they have to come from the ranks of those already qualified to teach math, that's not a very large pool. The article explains it all. The rules only apply to those enrolled in the ASAP program. Non-ASAP students get the standard CC experience, come and go, part-time, etc. The ASAP program forces those students into a more rigorous program in order to get them graduated. I don't see a problem with that - there is obviously a set of students that need the structure in order to excel. And it appears to be working. So, what's your gripe ("bullshit rules")? I agree with the principle. However, you are ignoring the financial implications. CCs need tuition payments to survive. Very few, if any, have large endowments. Student's who aren't on track to graduate can't always obtain financial aid or subsidized/deferred-payment loans. And even though CCs tend to be more affordable than 4-year schools, they still aren't inexpensive to the majority of the population. So, graduation rates become a major part of ensuring financial viability. That. Or, people buy Chromebooks, realize they're no better than the [tablet|"real" laptop|PC] they already own, and don't use them much? Most traditional 4-year students wouldn't be counted in your area. Their permanent residences are likely with the parents. Easy example... in the US, a policeman's word is often enough to cite you for breaking a traffic law. In Scotland, you would need two policemen, or one policeman and a camera, or some other combination of >1 sources of evidence. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. Would it be normal for a minority owner of a start-up to be able to legally force the majority to buy them out? I wouldn't have thought so. The 30% owner could have sat on the shares and waited to see what happened. They were effectively free (in the sense that he didn't buy them and was apparently paid a reasonable salary as well). Maybe. Members of the US military generally enjoy the same rights and protections as civilians, but there are limits on their speech and they are subject to different laws/regulations (UCMJ). Military officers in the US are barred from speaking contemptuous words against the President and VP. (article 88 UCMJ). There is a parallel article that applies to enlisted members. Calling the Pres a "fascist pig" is a no-no. Army regulation 600-20 limits members ability to campaign on behalf of candidates for public office and partisan political causes. I'm not aware of anything like this that applies to civilian government employees. On the way to my bachelor party, my friends snuck a foil-wrapped dildo into my luggage in the hopes of eliciting a TSA response. Thankfully, it didn't work. H&R Block personal software, except for the years I have more unusual situations (AMT, non-qualifying options, etc), then I hire a CPA. Either they didn't see it, or they did, but didn't care. Either way, we all got a good laugh about it when I unpacked at our destination. "Running a scheme like this involves lots of skills, none of them technical." While I agree that this statement is correct, I would suggest that one skill that is required is the ability to use Google. She really should spend a few hours learning something, anything, about the subject matter she is expected to represent in the corridors of power. She obviously has failed to do that. Really? This is what all the flap is about? This is awful. It's almost impossible to get passed the first set of pipes because the a single click makes the bird jump half the height of the screen. Is the mobile app just as unusable? The one that the creator yanked after it got popular... http://www.cnn.com/2014/02/09/tech/flappy-bird-removed-from-... "I guess [you] don’t care about hard work or loyalty." -- Stretch That's ripe. Pay your employees a low wage, treat them like shit, and then expect loyalty? Gimme a break. Loyalty is a two-way street and I don't see any reciprocation from corporate America (in this case, or in general). The CT200h has been on the market for several years now. It's a nice car. But, it still isn't a Tesla. It is literally a short-wheelbase Prius with a slightly upscale interior. And is priced accordingly (mid-$30k to the Prius' upper-$20k). Lexus also offers the RX SUV in hybrid. Probably one of the most popular vehicles in the DC area. We have the gas version. Very nice. But, not a performance vehicle. Sounds like the criminal offense was breaking and entering. The suspect admitted (to the blogger?) to illegally entering MS facilities to obtain the stolen software. $100/year for subscription. OR $139 one-time for Office Home. Sure sounds expensive to me. I'll stick to the Apple office suite for now. These days, it's not. Originally, it was beneficial to the manufacturers to let franchisees take the risk of opening new storefronts. The franchise laws were put in place to stop manufacturers from undercutting their own franchises once the market was established. Directly cause deaths? Maybe, maybe not, I guess it depends how far into a root cause analysis you go. Regardless, while driving without power steering and brakes is possible when you're expecting it, it's quite a shock when you aren't. Especially if you've never done it before, which I suspect is true for many of today's drivers. I can easily envision circumstances where loss of power could cause an accident. Fast road, sharp corner, surrounded by woods, etc. Can anybody comment on the usefulness of open plan space when there is a wide range of programmer ability? I can see if everybody on the team is a rock star that the benefits of open space could be smaller. But, what if you have a mix of senior engineers and junior developers (who presumably need more active mentoring)? I ask because in my current role, I'm the product architect for a large web application. In addition to the usual design and development tasks, part of this role is bringing new development teams up to speed on technologies they have not used before. I find it much easier to be in a team room with those teams, they get immediate feedback, can ask questions, etc. If I was in an office or cube, I'd have a constant stream of emails from individuals to answer. Yeah, I don't get it. Is this some sort of rent-control problem? Where his parents lived in a rent-controlled apartment and passed it down to him improperly? (I have no idea how rent-control buildings in NYC work, this is the only that makes any sense without details) I'm near DC. I'd guess >95% of the time, you're stuff would be fine while you head to the bathroom or get a refill on the coffee. But, that's still a significant risk, especially once you add hassle factor onto any dollar value. It sounds like it will be tested on the Spearhead cargo platform. I assume as testing progresses, it will end up on other types of ship. Market forces. Just like anything else - supply and demand. Don't think of it in terms of gross dollars. Think of it in terms of standard of living. A skilled engineer is going to have an upper-middle-class standard of living, regardless of location. The difference could be that the US market for smart phones is warped through carrier subsidies. A $600 iPhone only costs a consumer $199 up front (they pay the difference through larger monthly fees). So, at purchase time, an iPhone isn't an expensive phone. But, if you have to replace it off contract, it's very expensive. When it gets stolen, that $200 phone suddenly becomes a $600 phone, which probably leads people to more drastic action, like following criminals to their homes. Not in the US. Not one of my banks or other finance-related websites uses two-factor authentication by default. I haven't looked to see if any offer it as an option, but I tend to doubt it (it certainly isn't advertised). Meh. My last black cab experience was supposed to take me from Paddington Station to the Marriott Marble Arch. The cab dropped me at Marriott Park Lane and sped off before I realized he had left me at the wrong hotel. I'm convinced he did this on purpose. It was rush hour, there was a bomb scare nearby, and I assume he didn't want to sit in traffic. Of course, if he had just explained that to me, I would have been happy to walk the remaining few blocks. Instead, I was just left at the wrong location and a bit confused. So much for "The Knowledge". It's not just oversized carry-ons. There isn't space for every single passenger to bring a full-size (but within stated limits) carry-on plus personal item. And with carriers charging for checked bags, it's worse than it would be otherwise. That said, as an infrequent flyer, I do like you and just wait in the terminal until the end of boarding. No point waiting in the middle of the line - that's the worst of all options. I also make sure my personal carry-on (usually a large laptop bag) has my toothbrush and clean socks, just in case I get stuck checking a bag at the gate. But, given the option to board early without charge, I'd take it. This is my biggest complaint about Apple Maps on iOS. Searching doesn't work. And if I get an address or name partially correct, Apple Maps usually fails. Google can find me places of interest, without an exact name or address. That's my most common use case when using navigation on my mobile device. That 5-6 weeks is well outside he norm in the US. In my experience, to get that much leave, you have to work at the same company for 5+ years. And either be highly-paid white collar OR highly paid union. http://www.psmag.com/navigation/business-economics/the-unite... http://www.bls.gov/news.release/ebs.t05.htm So don't go to a school that charges $60k/year? It never ceases to amaze me that people think they need to attend expensive private schools, when there are plenty of top-notch publicly funded schools available. The yellow line really is amazing from a "user interface" perspective. It's so natural that I had forgotten there was a time when it didn't exist. And, as mentioned elsewhere in the comments, it seems everybody has an old uncle that swears it's just nylon between the down markers (or paint, or something else that isn't "magic"). I've had this discussion with friends and family who teach. None of them can make a convincing (to me) argument that a school administrator is any more likely to be capricious or unfair than managers in the private sector. Then, the friends move onto the whole "how do you evaluate a teacher?" to which I respond "how do you evaluate a programmer?" Sure, there are metrics for both, but none are foolproof. At some point, managers have to go with their guts. I don't think a screen reader would pick up the down-voted comments as different from other comments. So, it's still broken from an accessibility standpoint. Tenure shouldn't be the solution. And I'm not sure how the problem you describe is limited to public schools? If my manager doesn't like me (for whatever reason), he can find a way to have me removed from my job. Nitpick every minor problem, make-work assignments, untenable deadlines, etc. This. I'm not a true introvert, but I am shy (particuarly when encountering new people) and do need social down-time to recharge. I typically don't go out of my way to plan social events. But, when invitations are offered, I almost always accept them. I avoid large bars and clubs, but enjoy going out for a meal or drink with friends at smaller locations where we can sit and socialize. Also, my main hobby is competitive cycling. It works well for the type of interactions I prefer. Training rides can be anything from solo rides in the country to large groups in the city. And when riding in a group, it's perfectly acceptable to ride along in silence. It's almost a perfect sport for introverts. That said, there is a high level of jargon and definitely cliques, so it can be difficult for shy people to get started. For me, it's not that these taxes, in particular, are ridiculous, but that the tax code is so freaking complicated, that I sometimes need a CPA to double-check my records (AMT, odd-ball deductions, etc). And this is for my personal income taxes - it's even worse for business owners. Agreed. And I'm enjoying the other stories that appear higher in the thread. I-495 through the VA side of the DC suburbs uses High-Occupany Toll lanes - demand pricing on top of HOV lanes. If you have passengers, you can use them for free. If you're solo, you pay the toll. They use a switchable EZ Pass transponder to make it work without toll booths at each end. Colloquially, they're referred to as "Lexus Lanes". As far as a I can tell, they haven't done much to reduce congestion on the non-toll lanes. But, if you can afford $12/day (peak rate, round trip) for a 10 mile stretch of interstate, you get to avoid the dirty, unwashed masses who are stuck in the poor lanes. :) And there is research to back this up? One step below burn-out sounds miserable to me. The US lags behind in card payment systems. We usually hand the card over to the wait staff, they carry it away to a remote terminal (and we trust that they don't copy the card while in their possession), then we manually enter a tip after the fact. Next time you're at the gym, grab a 30lb dumbbell in each hand, walk across the gym, set them down, pick them up again, walk back to starting point, repeat for a few hours. Let us know how it goes. How is the charing port not opening a minor issue? Or, the door handles getting stuck. Both of those render the car inoperable. They got lucky in that the door handles were fixed with an OTA update. The port required a service appointment. Compared to my three cars (Lexus RX, Jeep Wrangler, VW GTI), the Model S sounds like a complete dud. Which is a shame because it's a sexy car and I'd love to own one someday. Oh, I've had issues with my cars. The Lexus required a new radio at 40k miles (warrantied). The GTI a new throttle sensor at 40k (warrantied) and SRS sensor at 50k (warrantied). But none of them caused the car to be undriveable. And all happened after several years of driving, not several months. Anyway, as I hinted at above, I'm hopeful Tesla is successful. I wanted a Roadster back in '08. I want an S now. And I'm sure when they release their 3-series competitor, it'll be on the short list to replace the Lexus. Irrelevant. I was calling the previous poster out for his Tesla nut-swinging. Problems that render a new car inoperative are not "minor", loaner car or not. I imagine the front of the terminal is a place where groups of people can typically be found - drop offs, pick ups, waiting for baggage, etc. Also, blowing up the front of the terminal has the potential to shut down airport operations much longer than a remote car park. The Kennedys and Bushes disagree with that assertion. ;) Who thought forcing the image zoom open was a good idea? Blech. Scotland can't create a currency if they desire to join the EU. Current rules don't allow any more UK/Denmark-style currency exemptions. It appears that Scotland's options would be: - retain the Pound Sterling, not sure about EU membership - Euro, with EU membership - new currency, but without EU membership Not only did the Edinburgh Agreement indicate that the UK would honor the results, but the UK government also explicitly granted the Scottish government the right to hold the referendum (constitutional issues would normally be a power reserved by the UK parliament). Correct. Plus, the secret image assumes I actually remember which image I select for every page. Given that none have the same collection of images, I'm likely to have only a vague notion of which one I picked at account creation. They would freak out if the public comments actually mattered. Unless you know otherwise, I'm guessing the FCC doesn't much care what the riff-raff think is a good idea. They're more interested in maintaining relationships with big business and keeping that revolving door spinning. In a perfect world, I'd agree with you. But, in reality, how many Americans have any real choices in ISP/telco? I have a choice of two mega-telcos (Cox and Verizon), neither of which provides good value (when compared to plans in Europe). As for the FCC, the revolving door is very real incentive for regulators to do what existing corporate interests tell them. Why would they care if they're removed from the FCC when they have a corner office waiting on K St? "...you can't purchase and own housing in quantities of 36 square feet..." And in most of the US, you still won't be able to do so. Or, more correctly, you won't be able to place the dumpster-home in a desirable location and use it as a permanent residence. Most municipalities have minimum house sizes as part of their building code. You could potentially put the dumpster-home on wheels and get it approved as a mobile home, but you'd still be limited to areas that allow mobile homes. I understand the counter-points to this, but I'm inclined to agree with drcode. We've seen a stream of "I lived in X" stories lately, most of which include sleeping somewhere, but not really living there - trunk of car, dumpster, etc. Sorry, but in most of the US, indoor plumbing (or something close) is generally considered a requisite for a "home". It's not about saving the wheel, it's about keeping the rider fresh. Mountain biking on rough terrain is hard on the body. Look at elite level races - most of them switch between hard-tail and full-suspension, depending on the terrain. And for those of us who just play at racing, a full-suspension bike can take the edge off a long day of riding. I find packaging to be a very mixed bag, emotionally speaking. While I like the higher-end treatment from Apple and similar companies, I can't help but think of the waste involved in producing that fancy box that I'm just going to throw away in a few days. And Apple doesn't need the fancy packaging to sell to me - I'd but their stuff regardless. I wonder if they could/would consider generic cardboard for online orders, and save the fancy stuff for retail? Assuming you're running in your lane and not weaving, I mean "I am overtaking on your left". Sources for any of that? While some sports (football, men's basketball) are profit centers that can offset the cost of non-revenue sports, that really only applies to the top-tier programs (NCAA Division 1). I've never heard of university sports programs being major sources of revenue for research or courses (outside of possibly sports-related studies). I'm not sure $600,000 even qualifies as a slap on the wrist. Marriott's revenues in 2012 were somewhere around $11 billion. Lots of 2-3 year leases while consumers felt out the product? The Model S was released in mid-2012. So, the timing is right to ramp up the certified program by mid-2015 to catch vehicles that were leased for 3 years. In the DC region, there are TONS of 2-3 year old vehicles for sale as certified, many of them off-lease. 3 of my last 4 vehicles have been bought that way. With the 30-40% discount from new and the 100k mile warranties, it works out pretty well. Meh, somebody has to own ebola.com and birdflu.com. And whoever buys ebola.com for $150,000 is doing it because it's profitable for them. Maybe the manufacturer of ZMapp wants the domain to sell their medications? Why shouldn't Schultz make a profit selling it? How is this any different than a real estate investor? I could buy several acres in Detroit and sit on it for a while, hoping the city rebounds and I can sell for a profit. Does that make me evil too? I realize that's probably said tongue-in-cheek, but I agree with the statement. The problem with patent trolls isn't that they exist. The problem is that patents are being granted for things that are obvious (Do X, but now on a PC!). And, the courts appear to be correcting that problem. 37 years old, studied computer science at university, and have worked in the software industry since graduation. Currently at a mid-size/large, multinational software company. We have a large number of developers with 20+ years experience. You aren't seeing their resumes because they're here and don't have a reason to leave. I've been here 12 years now, and if you can't match the 25 days vacation, 10 sick, 12 holidays, plus bump my salary 10% or more, I won't even call you back. Edit - I'll also note that I'm a project manager by title. I don't have personnel responsibility, so I still get to spend a lot of time on technical issues (and even some coding). I'm not sure that's a totally valid sentiment. For starters, top-notch developers in the US earn salaries that approach CEO-level pay (ok, maybe not quite, but certainly top-5% salaries nationally). Even as a mid-level developer, my salary matched that of experienced project managers in my wife's previous line of work (large insurance company). And CEOs generally lead a very different lifestyle than a good developer. On call 24/7, lots of travel, etc. And it's a different set of skills that many developers lack (schmoozing, sales, dealing with other giant egos). Compare that to my 40-45/hour work week, true vacation (with no work interruptions), and limited exposure to clients/sales/etc (which I find the most stressful part of my job - minimizing that is a good thing for me). Thankfully, I'm not at a bank. My employer build software and licensing is the primary source of revenue. And I haven't written entry-level reports since, well, never. From my post... "ok, maybe not quite, but certainly top-5% salaries nationally" Is there where we get to discuss the gross over-compensation granted to CEOs in the US? [I'm joking, I don't want to discuss that here] Top 5% of salaries nationally (in the US). Or, about $180,000. Yes, nowhere near the compensation that a C-level will earn at a major multi-national. Yes, America has pretty horrifying* leave policies. Most professional jobs in the DC area start with 15-18 days of personal leave (vacation and sick are treated the same) and around 10 national holidays. Jobs that pay hourly frequently don't have any leave at all - if you take a day off, you don't get paid anything. And maternity/paternity leave is almost non-existent. All of which leads to people coming to work sick, spreading disease, being miserable, burning out, and spending a fortune paying strangers to watch their babies. * Horrifying by Western European standards. That pretty much covers it. Stuff happens. Good project managers will adjust and move on. Additionally, if you are being blocked by something external, you MUST let your project manager know ASAP! One of his primary jobs is to remove impediments, so you can do your job. In the case of American football, skipping college isn't an option. The NFL doesn't recruit out of high school, so a player's only option is to do 3-4 years indentured servitude at an NCAA institution. I don't disagree, but the NFLPA and NFL have a collective bargaining agreement that prohibits the NFL from recruiting until a player is 3-years removed from high school (roughly age 21). Both the league and player's union benefit from this restriction in trade. Appellate courts have ruled in their favor. So, the NFL as zero interest in creating a farm system that competes with the NCAA. Obviously, the NCAA also likes this arrangement as it's a major source of revenue for college athletic departments. I'm dubious that you can actually choose your own hours AND make a decent living. With surge pricing and higher demand in the post-work hours, I would assume you have to work those hours to maximize income, no? Yes? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8537039 While it might be technically correct, it's extremely awkward, doesn't roll off the tongue at all, and I had to read it several times. This is true in Virginia. Property values are reassessed annually and taxes are pegged to value. If I knew for sure that I'd retire elsewhere, I'd love for values to skyrocket. But, more than likely, I'll stay in the area, so vales going up doesn't do me much good. Affordability is possibly a key component of atmosphere, so I'm not sure you can answer one way or the other. If a place to too affordable, it likely suffers from major issues that make it undesirable (lack of employment, pollution, etc). But, assuming you value some level of diversity, a certain level of affordability is required to maintain that diversity. "...are people just unwilling to put up with the winters?" For me, it's not the winter, but the darkness. Those short winter days are a real drag. Even here in DC, the shorter days are depressing. I don't think I could deal with days that are shorter (even with upside of the longer days that come in summer). Yes, new programmers spend a lot of time just getting things to work. But, from years of managing summer interns, the biggest surprise to new programmers is the amount of non-code stuff that needs to be done alongside actual coding. Doc, comments, peer reviews (and the associated rework). The sooner they learn this is part of the job, the sooner they'll fit into the team's workflow and contribute at a high level. > Copyright? I'm not aware of any general problem with that. It's pretty simple, the original author has a period of protection for their work. What's wrong with that? The Mickey Mouse Protection Act is a huge problem. In a nutshell, every time a large company's copyrights are about to expire, they pay Congress to extend them for another period of time. In many ways, the Concorde was "dead" well before 9/11 or the Paris crash. Yes, those killed it for good, but costs, sonic booms (US landings were initially banned, then limited to JFK and Dulles), and politics killed the concept shortly after it was launched. 16 isn't mostly through high school. Unless she's a year ahead, she is/was likely a sophomore, or only half-way through high school. And she's missing the best parts of those last two years - the large number of AP/IB courses offered at most American high schools. And really, I'm not sure why anybody would be in such a rush to get a job. Money isn't everything. > If you're really interested in history take a college level course. This generally doesn't require dropping out of school. Most public high schools offer AP/IB courses, which are the equivalent of 1st year college courses. And, at least in my county, once a student surpasses that level, they are free to pursue subjects at the local community college, while finishing up the rest of high school with their classmates. The cynic in me says the police officer got a share of the $225 under the table. Why else use an extrajudicial process for something that should be easily resolvable within the law? I mostly agree - it's habit to charge my iPhone every day at the office. But, I really get killed on long weekends or vacations. My usual routine is broken, and I frequently find my iPhone running out of charge. Hardly the end of the world, just a minor annoyance. As noted elsewhere, having the juice to get through a full day, even with heavier than normal usage, would mostly alleviate the problem. Of course, if that's going to cost me another $100 or turn my phone into a phablet, then I'm not intereted. :) >In particular are comic cases of when companies fail to secure things at all and then someone gets prosecuted because they "hacked" that company and "stole" that data. If I leave my garage open, and somebody takes my golf clubs, is that not theft? Yes, the potential punishments are disproportionately harsh. Yes, the company is silly for leaving data exposed. No, it's not ok to take data because it's unprotected. So, when you hired the substitutes, you were essentially paying a double salary (new mother's salary + temp employee salary) for probably less production (temp employee probably not as effective as FTE)? I'm not arguing one way or the other. My heart says we should codify parental leave of some sort. But, my brain has trouble figuring out a system that is fair to small employers (short of only mandating large employers provide leave, which doesn't seem right either). Minimizing outside influence is only a portion of the decision matrix. They want to maintain their community and their religion. Minimizing outside influence might be part of that, or it might not. As said above, there is no absolute rule - the community decides are a group which technologies/changes they want to use or discourage. Yes, that does lead to some oddities. True, but if I pay $60,000 in federal taxes each year, and only receive $25,000 in "mincome", then it's still "socialism" (as Americans seem to define it ). It seems that any tax plan that is remotely progressive is immediately labeled as "socialist" by the right. I wonder how that plays out in the internet (Amazon) age? I do most of my retail shopping on the weekends. Cut out 50% of my available shopping time, and it's just another incentive to buy online. Not really. Dad installed smart TVs in his beach house (he figured it was easier than wiring up DVD players and Rokus in 10 rooms). While the apps do work, they are slow, clunky, and the UX is never as good as that which is delivered on dedicated streaming devices. The configuration is always buried, so switching accounts is an exercise in futility. So, he just leaves his Roku account signed in and deals with the clutter in his personal watch list. I'm not sure this is a shakedown. The article mentions a previous case against Netflix that was settled with an agreement from Netflix to provide closed captioning in the near future. If you're in bed, how do you know those lights are on? Also, why wouldn't you turn the light off as you left the room? Most of these "smart home" devices really do seem like a gimmick at this point. Maybe in the future, they'll be well enough debugged and refined to be useful, but for now, I just don't see a benefit in a normal* home. My dad uses Nests, "smart" locks, and remote cameras alarms (off-season) on his beach house - that makes sense, as he's a 5 hour drive from the house. * normal for the US: 1970s 4-bedroom, 1800sqft, 2 level, no basement. I can walk across the house in the time it takes me to get my cell phone off the hall table (where I leave it to charge). The house a single thermostat, so I can't heat/cool zones, and the existing thermostat is programmable by day and time. Fair enough. My "kid" is fast approaching 21, so it's been a while since I had to follow him around turning off lights (and picking up toys, and wiping up smeared food, and ...). Yup. One of my wife's previous employers did this. The first row of spaces were reserved for long-time employees, which really just meant the VPs who had been there a while. The CEO's admin might have had one of those as well. The rank and file had very little change of ever obtaining a reserved spot. I'm sure there were weeks where I didn't get outside during school hours, but between PE in the gym (when cold/wet/whatever), music lessons, chorus, GT programs, and other enrichment, I was rarely stuck in the same room and same seat for more than a few hours at a time. If schools have changed in the last 25 years such that none of that out-of-classroom enrichment occurs, then yeah, we're failing out kids. Another thing I've noticed - the 1911 is produced by a wide range of manufacturers. The boutique brands can be a bit finicky and the buyers are often tinkerers, which can give a pistol neophyte a skewed perception of the design. Trade school meets Bachelor's Degree. I posted this because there have been a steady stream of student debt and other higher ed stories. While I do see the value in providing this type of training/education, I'm not convinced we should be creating new entities to provide it. It seems like there is an opportunity for local community colleges to expand their curriculum into this area. Another option is the latest Fenix from Garmin... https://buy.garmin.com/en-US/US/on-the-trail/wrist-worn/feni... While it isn't a true smart-watch, it does provide alerts from your phone. I imagine for many users, that's enough. If I hadn't stopped wearing a watch completely a few years ago, I'd probably buy this one. Wow. That is awful. I use their fitness devices (Edge 500 and one of the ForeRunners) and they've had some issues (bugs in the firmware), but nothing like that. Both integrate with Garmin Connect (the web site) using the Garmin Express app (OSX). >If you are offering elimination of credit availability as a solution...you believe wealth of parents is a good metric... Perhaps a better solution would be merit-based grants. If you graduate in the top 10% of your high school class, Uncle Sam will foot the bill for the equivalent of in-state tuition/room/board. As long as you keep your GPA above some threshold, we keep paying for 4 years. > Couldn't the owner just ask the person who is renting the unit to move out in a reasonable amount of time? Assuming the original $2145 is below market, the answer would be no, wouldn't it? Or, rather, they could ask, but the tenant would never willingly leave, as they are paying below market. Isn't that a bit like auto accidents vs motorcycle accidents? Although closely related, one mode of transport is inherently more dangerous. And that more dangerous mode is only used by a small subset of the population. Usually, that only applies if you were fired for misconduct. And in places where firing for any reason is grounds for denying unemployment, most companies won't fight an appeal. Two things pop to mind: 1. The cost is ridiculous in the US. A top state-funded school will cost nearly $120,000 over four years (tuition, fees, room, board). 2. Our tax code has incentives for college savings plans. Wouldn't 529s be a very good reason to have a separate investment? Tax breaks, potential matching grants from states, etc. That's ok, I'm 37 and it guessed I was 81 in one photo and in two others, it couldn't detect my face at all. To be fair, I was wearing a bike helmet in the 81 image, sunglasses in one failed image, and a baseball cap in the third. OTOH, my wife will be pleased to know it underestimated her age by a decade. 100% agreed. This would completely sour me on the position. I'd like to know as well. I remember seeing some data about iPhone battery life over the generations. Apple has basically held it steady - as the processors and screens have improved, the power efficiency has improved just enough to hold battery life constant. The exception to this was the 6+ which due to it's larger size, had a fair bit more battery life. Personally, I'd love a phone with 6+ battery life or better in the 5S form-factor. I don't need or want a large screen - that's why I have tablets and laptops. Interesting to see the salary ranges at my employer. With similar titles, the range is quite large, even within the same physical location. And modifiers like "senior" or "principal" don't appear to correlate with the listed salary. I read it as the new job - a court injunction forces FitBit to fire the employees who stole trade secrets from Jawbone. That's the one, thanks. I'd love to see some of the research that determined 'x'. >I would plead for a better school rather than dropping out, though. It's depressing that apparently even Altucher who is supposedly a millionaire can not find a decent school for his kids. Totally agree with the first part. School is only a waste if you go a mediocre school. There are plenty of excellent public and private schools available in the US. And most of the people browsing HN during working hours can afford the neighborhoods where those schools are located. Fixing the broken schools in less affluent areas is a more difficult problem. I also find is astonishing that somebody who graduated from Cornell, then pursued a PhD at CMU would advocate for their own child to drop out of school at age 13. It's truly flabbergasting. Is he really asserting that he would be in the same, or better, position today had he skipped 4 years of high school, 4 years of undergraduate at one elite university, and then another handful of years at a second elite university? I'm calling shenanigans. I'll counter that with an anecdote. My wife's previous employer, a boutique consulting firm in DC, hires liberal arts majors almost exclusively. Very smart young adults... Dean's list, multiple languages (rare in the US), etc. And at pretty good salaries ($70k+ if I'm remembering correctly). Contrast that with a string of recent CS graduates I've interviewed this year. 80% or more have been woefully unprepared for work in the field. I'm not sure what they're being taught, but it certainly isn't anything remotely like computer science in the business world. Point being, if you're a mediocre student, your job prospects aren't that great, regardless of major. And if you're actually smart, the jobs are out there. A mix of all of the above. A few have been unable to discuss basic CS concepts to the point they should get refunds from their colleges. These were mostly smaller liberal arts schools. Most are unable to work through basic design problems on the whiteboard (not programming and don't require couplex algorithms). I'm not looking for perfect answers - I just want them to talk through their thought process and ask intelligent questions. So, because she's successful, she should roll over and forgo one of her income steams? If she truly believes this Apple deal will hurt her bottom line, or the bottom line of other content creators, she has a legitimate complaint. How are those "fake projects" not a gigantic waste of everybody's time? We put our interns to work - either embedded on product teams, or working with our architecture/R&D teams on new technology. I think the interns generally enjoy the experience and we try to hire the best of them back after graduation. I've found generic disposables (two blade, throw the whole thing away, handle and all) work pretty well, as long as I replace them regularly. I also use a nice shave oil, which seems to help. Is it just me, or does $4 million seem quite "reasonable" for something this rare and with this much work invested? Yes, it's a large sum of money, but given the choice between a vintage race car or the Spitfire, I'd take the warbird every time (and I'm not a pilot). I had the same thoughts. Testing the exploits on a open highway, at full speed, strikes me as needlessly reckless. There is no excuse for this when there are plenty of lower speed locations available. They should have used a large parking lot or similar. Are you working, or staring at a bright screen, right up to bedtime? That seems to make sleep harder for me. A few things I've found that help me: - Exercise. I work out 8-12 hours/week. Being physically tired makes sleep easier. - Eat dinner >2 hours before bed and avoid late snacks. - No alcohol (I do have an occasional drink, but it always impacts my sleep) - No TV in bedroom. I either read for 30-60 minutes or talk to my wife until we doze off. > Research that Stanford has done shows that drivers resuming control from Level 3 vehicles functioning in autonomous mode take 10 seconds just to attain the level of ability that a drunk driver possesses. And to get back to full driving competence takes 60 seconds. Wouldn't this also hold true for airline pilots? How quickly can they resume control of a plane when something goes amiss? Usually right after work, so 5:30-7:30. I eat right after that. And head up to bed around 9:45, read for an hour, and the alarm is set for 6am. Just barely afloat. If you get sick, your car breaks down, or any number of other things, you can very easily sink. I'm not sure why people have down-voted this response. All wheat flour contains gluten. Gluten does provide much of the texture to baked goods (try some gluten free bread - it's mouth-feel isn't the same). That isn't to say different varieties of wheat or flour might cause different reactions in people. But that isn't the gluten; it's something else. Of course with the widestream acceptance of GF there are now many straight up substitutes/replacements so that benefit will likely disappear. It's a double-edged sword. Yes, lots of grocers and chefs now provide gluten-free substitutes. And some of those options are quite good. But, with the wide-spread fad, I have to very careful when ordering that the wait staff knows I have an actual allergy and not just a preference. "No one tells me to work nights. No one makes me answer emails at night. No one texts me to ask me why emails aren't answered." Well, if you're willingly working nights and weekends (which we know you do, as you penned the response on a Saturday), then of course nobody is going to tell you to do so. This statement does nothing to disprove that those who wish to have lives outside the workplace aren't harassed by their coworkers and/or managers. I hate that they ditched it on the new 12". Seems like a step back. With a personal laptop that lives in the living room and dogs in the house, the MagSafe has saved many a fall from the sofa or side-table onto the ground. What's keeping this from being a campaign issue? Money. Sony/Ford/JohnDeere has more of it than you or I. That was my assumption. As I review resumes, it's just another data point, along with degree, previous jobs, etc. They aren't required, or even preferred. But, they do display an interest in learning and progressing professionally, which is always good. In various other articles, I've seen 2-6 soldiers/Marines listed as the capacity. Also, references to differing levels of armor and armament, though I haven't seen any details. I agree that the L-ATV doesn't appear suitable as a "run errands on base" truck. I do not know what the Army plans to do for this need. Also possible on a "normal" freewheeled bicycle. Just takes a bit of an incline and a bit more body english. Not super useful, but a neat trick, and good balance exercise. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbeaB3G79vI I assume the goal isn't to frame you, but to smuggle drugs. Baggage handler/TSA agent at airport #1 opens baggage, places drugs inside, calls baggage hander/TSA agent at airport #2 with luggage brand and traveler name. When flight arrives, hander #2 intercepts baggage. At this point, they either take the whole suitcase, or remove the drugs and the traveler is none the wiser. I'm Scottish by birth, but was raised in the US. I don't have a problem with any of the Scottish accents, but American friends consistently have trouble understanding Glasgow patter and certain highland accents. Heck, I add a roommate in college who needed captions for Trainspotting! That said, it tends to be as much a vocabulary problem as the accent itself. Lot's of colloquialisms to learn. My wife's current employer handles it this way. And it does seem like a fair compromise for cases of occasional semi-local travel (in her case, a remote office that's 50 miles from home and visited monthly, vs. her usual 12 mile commute). Her previous employer didn't count any commuting to client sites as "on the clock". One of many reasons she left. Granted, this was a Beltway Bandit and all work was at client sites, but as contracts changed, her commute changed dramatically (not just within the city, but as much as 2 hours on the Interstate). All this is good and fine, except darn near every other nation already fixes drug prices in one way or another, forcing the US to bear the costs of drug R&D. Couple that with market forces in the US that prevent a text-book "fair"/"functioning" free market, and we (American consumers) get stuck with prices that are not just mind-bogglingly high, but also much higher than consumers in other 1st world nations pay. A real world example of a text-book market? No. That was the point. :) I frequently hear conservatives claim they want a "free market" solution to medical care - I don't think people who make that claim know how far from a free market we are. This was true at UVA. Independent study was allowed, but not advertised, at least when I was there (late-90s). Paying per credit wasn't a problem, as tuition was fixed for full-time students. It's not just Chinese-Americans. I live in Fairfax, VA and the entire county is bonkers over GPAs. It's to the point that >20% of my son's high school class had "better than perfect" GPAs (possible because honors/AP come with bonus points). Many of those same kids spent their afternoons being shuttled from enrichment program to enrichment program. Very little unscheduled time where they could just be kids. I question the sanity of it all. I didn't have anywhere the level of structured activity as a teen and still managed to gain entry to a top-20 university. Presumably because I was successful in things I enjoyed, not things my parents thought were good application boosters. While I agree to a point, for most of these students, Harvard isn't an option (and never would have been). These are typical upper-middle-class kids and parents. Smart enough to get a six-figure job, but far from the top tier of thinkers and doers (I don't mean this disparagingly - I'm firmly in that same category). I wonder how much impact international students have on the prospects of US students applying to US universities? I'm sure at the super-elite schools, there is an effect. But, at the big state schools? I don't know. I'd also love to see a plot of college "seats" vs overall population. I know all the Virginia state schools have increased enrollment, but probably not enough to keep up with population growth. Is this true across the nation? Probably. Yes, even minor* medical issues can run into six-figures. I developed a non-critical arrhythmia last year, medication didn't fully control it, so I opted for catheter ablation. The procedure itself, plus the related office appointments and tests, was around $50,000 (after insurance discounts). That included separate bills from the surgery center, the hospital (I was admitted overnight), the cardiologist, and the anesthesiologist. That's for a one-off problem that is now corrected. If it were cancer, or something else that required ongoing treatment, costs rise rapidly. * To the degree that any medical issue can be minor; my life was never in danger and risk permanent disability was low. Even after adjusting for miles (or hours) traveled? Pretty much. I have a 5S and it makes it through a full day of moderate use or two days of light use. The only time battery life is a problem is traveling on the road, where it seems to burn through battery roaming (I assume). But, if I'm in a car, I can probably charge. In the woods, I have the same problem, but using airplane-mode solves it - if I'm in the woods, I don't want to answer email or phone calls anyway. Great Falls, in Virginia (west of DC) is surprisingly obese, given it's an EXTREMELY wealthy area (avg home price is >$1 million) and also not racially diverse. Compare it with the nearby Herndon and Reston areas, both of which are very mixed, both economically and racially. Interestingly, this pattern is the opposite of what you see when comparing NW DC with the rest of the city. NW DC is more white and wealthy, but slimmer. The rest of the city is relatively poorer and more diverse, and also more obese. I just noticed the same (and made a similar comment in response elsewhere). The type of cycling in Amsterdam is certainly different than what I see here in DC. In Amsterdam, most bikes are the classic "Dutch" style utility bike - slow, stable, and easy to step down/off the bike. Here in DC, cyclists are almost universally on some variant of the "10 speed" - most with drop bars, higher COG, and higher average speeds. As a cyclist myself, I ride with or without helmet based on conditions. On my road bike or mountain bike? Helmet, always - I've had enough concussions to know I don't want another. My cruiser - usually no helmet, but it's use is almost exclusively below 10mph and on a bike trail, not roads. One could argue they're more likely to be traffickers when ON duty. Who's going to pull over the police and search them for drugs? Agreed. Modern cars, even the modest ones, are fast enough that they can get out of control very quickly. While the brakes certainly can slow a vehicle with its throttle stuck open, the real question is what impact does that stuck throttle have on the average driver? When the brake doesn't work as expected, does the average driver continue to brake? Do they pump the brake pedal? Something else altogether? How long does it take them to regain composure and act sensibly (in this case, putting the car in neutral while continuing to brake aggressively)? If that slowed reaction is more than some fraction of a second, accidents will happen. I hadn't even thought of pre-ABS drivers being taught to pump the pedal to avoid skidding. I was thinking of my old race car days, where a low pedal (boiled fluid or worse) could be temporarily reversed by a few pedal pumps to bring up the line pressure. If you want easily swappable batteries, get a different machine. Does Apple make a user-serviceable laptop these days? I suppose you could switch to PC, but that's not as simple as spending your $3000 at BestBuy instead of the Apple store. Something feels "off" about a methodology that basically ranks all of the "top" state schools as poor values. Take the top-3 state schools in Virginia (by most other rankings, that's UVA, W&M, and VT). All three are nationally recognized. And all three are competitive that you need very good grades and a solid set of extra-curricular activities to be accepted. UVA ranks the lowest of the three, yet has the highest actual earnings. VT is ranked significantly higher with the middle earnings value. What does a student do with this? Cost of attendance at the three is similar. Should they attend VT with it's higher ranking, despite lower average earnings? Similar comments can be made about UNC-CH, UW-Seattle, UT-Austin. Also lacking from this analysis seems to be the loan burden borne by students. Georgetown and Villanova both rank very high in this list. But, both are insanely expensive to attend. Even with high actual earnings, it could take a decade or more for many students to pay off a potential six-figure loan. I guess I just find it extremely hard to believe almost all of the nations "top" state schools have a negative impact (actual earnings less than expected) on the students that attend. Maybe I need to dig into the source of the expected earning figures. I'm definitely biased to some degree, being a graduate of one of the state schools with a poor ranking - I'm sitting here wondering where else I could have gone to get a better value. I'm shocked that people continue to "showroom" items. The local Best Buy has a terrible selection of items and the employees don't know any more about the products than I do. It doesn't make any sense to go to Best Buy for anything at all - there is almost literally zero value added by a big chain electronics store. I don't get it? It lists a nonexistent pub in the middle of my subdivision (the street name contains the word "Tavern", maybe it got confused), the local pool, and my HOA's mailing address as places to go to avoid people. And when I click on any of those not-quite-real places, the map is in a seemingly random place. Tennessee, across the Potomac from me, or the west coast. What do hospitalization rates have to do with injury rates, with respect to head injuries? Totally anecdotal story, but when I had my last major bike crash (20mph crash during a race), I went to the ER to get checked out. I probably didn't need to go; I knew I had a concussion and lots of abrasions (and know how to treat both). This proves nothing about the efficacy of wearing a helmet. That depends on how you define emergency. Water-heater and car tires don't qualify as emergency for me. Heck, car tires are a regular maintenance expense. Emergency is something like the house burning down, the car getting stolen, or my health taking a turn for the worse. All of which I insure against. While they may not "worry" about the risk, they are certainly cognizant of it. Most wear helmets and gloves, many wear armor and leathers. In the case of a NEV, it's a 4-wheel car with doors... Unless told otherwise, most drivers are going to assume they meet passenger car safety standards. Hitchhiker-style carpooling is alive and well in DC. http://www.slug-lines.com/ All the major arteries into DC from Virginia have HOV lanes. At many major interchanges, there are parking lots. If you want a ride that doesn't take 2+ hours, you park at the interchange and hop in a stranger's car. Sure. I was simply replying to your point about getting in a stranger's car. This blog elicited a chuckle. My employer recently mandated JIRA for all teams, even those teams which have been using other agile tools for years. No good explanation was given. US is similar - slow passengers (elderly, kids, etc), first class, business/priority, then the rest. True, but there's always some dumbass with a "carry-on" that they've expanded (so it no longer qualifies). Or, they don't know which direction to place the bag. Or, they jam their suitcase, plus their briefcase and jacket in the overhead, taking space that should "belong" to somebody else. I'm far from a frequent flyer, but the number of passengers incapable of not screwing up the boarding process is amazing. Better economy, cheaper gasoline, but most importantly... numbers that weren't adjusted for population growth. Or, instead of new laws, parents could decline to use a product that requires sensitive personal information about their children for no good reason. How would one even measure how directly a degree is being used? Outside of pure professional degrees (medicine, law), is it just a gut feel? My degree is Economics. I'm a project manager at a large software company. Am I using my degree? Probably not directly, but I certainly use the critical thinking skills obtained during my years in school. A bit of the math comes in handy as well. The two largest programs at my university were English and Psychology. I guarantee very few of those graduates pursued careers in either field. But, a good psychology degree takes a fair bit of statistics with a dose of scientific method. And the English degree took critical reading and analysis. Merit scholarships and/or need-based grants. Skip the loans completely. Too many options for me. Analysis paralysis. When it was one new phone model, plus the discounted previous version, it was easy. Go to store, hand VISA to guy in red shirt, walk out with new phone. Now, I stare at the internet for hours, worry about which one will work best for me. Go to store, worry more, walk out without buying. And with the 5S being fast enough for most things, the main reason to upgrade is camera (but I have a Canon S100). And with carriers going to up-front retail pricing, what used to look and feel like a $99 purchase (pocket-change, even if it wasn't) is now a $700 purchase (def. not pocket-change - I can take a short vacation for that). Same with the iPads. It doesn't help that my iPad Mini Retina still works fine for it's primary use (reading), so no compelling reason to upgrade. I was only being slightly hyperbolic. Buying cars is awful. I will literally spend a year researching. And if a new model is released in that period, it really screw up the process. And regardless of what I buy, I second guess myself for months afterwards. No joke. I'm currently shopping for a compact system camera (micro 4/3 or similar). Same thing. Hours upon hours of research, can't decide. Grocery store, not a big deal. Cost is low and I'm not stuck with the items for years. Admittedly, this is a personal problem, and not one of Apple's creation. Lenses are too big a concern. Whichever way I go, I'll probably stick to the kit zoom, plus a wied-ish pancake prime for carry-around. Two counter-points... 1. Computers in classrooms have rarely, if ever, been deployed to entire classrooms in the way that tablets can be. Typically, you'll see one or two PCs in a class, plus a computer lab. PCs don't distract in the same way iPads can. 2. Calculators do make people worse at math. I saw this first-hand with my son. As he went through school, they used calculators for everything. Students began to rely on the calculators for simple arithmetic and took the answers provided as gospel, not realizing that garbage in = garbage out. He, along with many of his peers, never really developed the fluency in math to say to themselves "hmm, that answer looks suspect. Let me try again." Of course, and we did. But, I continue to believe that allowing calculators on ALL mathematics work from a young age does the student a disservice. Calculators certainly have their place, but elementary school arithmetic is not that place. PAs fill much of that role. Yes, they do require physician supervision, but at many practices you can make appointments directly with them, never seeing an MD. The last time I needed a basic physical, I saw the PA. She ordered blood-work and reviewed the results with me. I'm sure one of the physicians signed off on everything, but as far as I know, she did the work. Likewise, the last time I had the flu, I made an appointment with one of the PAs. She did everything, with the physician just signing off on the prescription at the end. Post-surgery, my follow-ups were with PAs or NPs, not the physician. He did drop in to say "Hi." but that was about it. Agreed. The only sport I watch with regularity is professional cycling. Aside from the Tour, there was little to no coverage on any cable network (in the US). So I cancelled cable TV, saved $100/month. Put some of that money into Netflix. And pay for streaming coverage of cycling events as-needed. They probably do both. The official background check may come back clean. But, as soon as the HR guy or hiring manager put his name through Google, they see "So and so convicted of dealing crack." I'm not sure I agree that this is a sign of incompetence. Instead, it's likely a case of extreme risk aversion. Hiring somebody is risky and expensive. The cost for getting it wrong is quite high. At best, it costs the team money in lost productivity. At worst, the new hire actually is a criminal (or whatever). Given two otherwise equal applicants, it's only prudent to hire the one that doesn't have nasty Google results. Edit: actually there has been a "tap to pay" available at many places. ... I had one that did, then its replacement card didn't, so there I was waving a non-tap card at a tap reader. The whole tech fizzled. Argh. I had the same thing happen. Just after getting used to using the tap-to-pay card, my bank replaced it with a "dumb" card and I was back to swiping it. The US also has additional "baggage" that comes from it's past racial problems. I live near DC. Gentrification in the city is almost always wealthy whites displacing poor blacks. There is very much an us-vs-them feeling among those that are being displaced. One ridiculous effect of the gentrification... Historically black churches in the downtown areas now have congregations that have been displaced and commute from the suburbs to attend services. This causes all sorts of problems with parking that didn't exist when the congregation lived in the neighborhood. This in turn causes conflict with new residents, who want to add bike lanes. The congregation doesn't like that because it would reduce on-street parking. Even if that's the case, they would have noticed the inconsistency in language when they were forced to create multiple logins to submit more frequently. Couldn't agree more. Forwarded it along to my team at work; I'm sure the designers will enjoy some of the most "painful" on-boarding experiences. B&N's coffee shop is a generic coffee shop. At my (now closed) local B&N, it was a Starbucks. With very little seating. And too loud pop music. It was not a place somebody would ever go to sit and read a chapter of the latest novel. I see parallels in other industries as well. I recently purchased a new camera (Olympus PL6). Normally, I just order my electronics online. However, in this case, the size and feel of the camera was very important to me, as I'll be using it on a cycling trip next year. I wanted something to complement my pocket-sized Canon S-series. I swung by my local Best Buy to see some of the options in person. They didn't have much of a selection. A few full size DSLRs and a bunch of cheap point and shoots. Maybe one Sony mirrorless. This seemed to be true of all the areas. The shop was a bit of a ghost town. Lots of "stuff", but nothing to get excited about (and I'm a gadget geek). So, I went to the local camera specialty shop. It's a bit further away, but it was nice to get all the options spread out on the counter, chat with a knowledgeable salesperson, and end up buying something. Yes, it was full retail, but I got what I wanted, no regrets. Same for my local bicycle shop. I can order most of the stuff online, but for some items, having knowledgeable staff and items I can touch is worth the extra retail markup. But, the items need to be in stock, the salesperson needs to be able to help me, and the atmosphere must be something enjoyable. They have to know, right? If not, they're incompetent. Of course, the current CEO presided over Toys R Us as they fell into oblivion and ended up purchased by Bain Capital. And Sears Canada, another example of failed "big box" retail shopping. I've seen "malls" mentioned a few times in various comments. Can you elaborate on why you think B&N should be in malls, given the current poor state of malls in the US? Many are seeing financial troubles, or shutting down completely. Regardless, my comments about the atmosphere hold. The coffee product was overpriced and mediocre. The seating was next to non-existent. And the music selection and volume were annoying. It was not a comfy place to sit and read. Wow! People actually pay that much to shave? Name brand, 2 blade disposables are a about $1.25/unit on Amazon. Are you in the US? Even at the federal levels, politicians' salaries aren't particularly high, relative to what those same people could earn in the private sector. Congressmen earn $174,000. That's not a huge amount for a group that largely consists of successful lawyers, with a smattering of doctors and other businessmen. Many of them are millionaires before they take office. The governor of my state (Virginia) is paid $175,000. Again, pretty good money. But, the current governor, Terry McAuliffe, was a successful banker and real estate developer prior to entering politics. And, as noted in a sibling comment, the real problem isn't corrupt politicians. Corrupt bureaucrats are a much worse problem for an average citizen's day to day life. And those bureaucrats are not paid anywhere near as well as the politicians. A bit of both. The history of suburban sprawl is pretty well documented elsewhere, but at this point, it's hard to undo. People have committed to a car-based, suburban lifestyle. Heck, I don't much care of the suburbs, but being a software developer outside DC means the best job prospects are along the Dulles corridor (Tyson's Corner through Dulles Airport) or other suburban areas. So, like many others, I bought a house in the 'burbs, where the public schools are good, jobs are bountiful, and traffic makes me feel like kicking puppies. Now that I'm here, I'm pretty ambivalent about it. I'd move downtown, but I'm not convinced the pay would be high enough to offset the increased cost of real-estate ($400k for a 3-bed row houe in the outer 'burbs, $700k+ for the same downtown). Loudoun County, VA is full of areas like this. County code mandates sidewalks in new developments, but the developers end them at the edge of their land, leaving gaps. It's ridiculous - it shouldn't be that hard (or expensive, over time) to link communities in a sane manner. Heck, Reston, VA managed to stay reasonably walkable/cycle-able and most of it was planned in the 70s. If I lived downtown, that would be a perk. But, living nearly 20 miles from the city center, yeah, downtown employment is torture. My wife tried commuting, two separate jobs, three years apart. Hated every moment. It was meant as a complaint against the county. They have a silly rule in place - developer must build sidewalks. That's it. No coordination between developers/land-owners. No plan to link developments. See the sibling comment about Loudoun Station - a large mixed-use development that isn't linked to the largest bike trail in northern VA. Not in the US. Public schools are funded and managed by the local governments (usually county or city). So, only residents of those locales get to attend. You could send a child to a private school in the suburbs, but that's doesn't gain you anything over sending the kid to a private school closer to home. Plus, it costs an additional $6000+/year. That's tuition at my local Catholic high school; it's an average school, no better than the publics in the same area. Yes, but not many, and they sell for premium prices. They are often sold a "penthouse" units, only on the top few floors. They are frequently aimed at retirees downsizing from even larger free-standing homes. Or, wealthy buyers looking for an urban crash-pad, in addition to their mansion outside the city center. edit - a quick search of Washington DC shows 14 units available with 3+ bedrooms and (I wish HN would rename the link, as I see these posts several times a day and it's a useful feature). Wow, that's seriously jaded stuff... Selecting mates based on lowering the cost of eventual divorce! I'd bet it has more to do with maintaining current (or expected) lifestyle. If you're used to a top-5% income, with the lifestyle that income enables, marrying "down" has a real impact. The effect would be even more noticeable in an expensive metropolitan area like NorCal, NYC, etc. No. Start-ups (and anybody else for that matter) just make certain compromises in order to ship fast(er). They still create conceptual debt, just as they do technical debt. The key is to go back and address both before they become uncorrectable (or, at least document/understand those compromises, so future developers don't waste time figuring it out). Assuming the poster is American, he's likely talking about a rental unit (apartment), not an owner-occupied unit (condominium). If that's the case, what can one do to alleviate noise problems in an apartment? Changing the flooring, or adding drywall, isn't usually feasible. I hadn't thought of the Armstrong panels. How do they install? I always assumed they were permanent (or nearly so), glued to the walls. On first reading that statement, I just assumed the author was some sort of right-wing lunatic. His IQ is around 70. That's borderline learning disabled. An IQ at that level is considered intellectually disabled. Nothing borderline about it. But, that's completely different than learning disabled - you can have a very high IQ and have disabilities like dyslexia. Yeah, if it ends up being large. The other explanations seem more likely. Either way, it does make me feel really small in the overall scheme of the universe. I'm a project manager/scrum master, with a team that varies from 6 to 12 (roughly half the team is semi-permanently on-loan to other related projects/teams). My daily stand-up is usually 5-10 minutes. About 5 minutes of the standard "what I did, what I plan to do, and what's in my way". And 0-5 minutes of resolving problems (figuring out if I need to escalate, or if another team needs to be involved, etc). Anything longer than that, and we schedule follow-up meetings with a more correct set of attendees. ...ending a sprint with a couple of late-night panic sessions to get everything out of the door... My first reaction is you are not sufficiently grooming your backlog. Stories are left too large, with too many unknowns. If you tend to have a small number of large tasks, this is likely the case. That, or you just aren't very good at estimating. A large number of small tasks would indicate this problem. In the second case, you need to circle back with the PO and discuss which items can push to the next sprint. And make a concerted effort to estimate better during grooming and planning sessions. [1] Unless the Garmin HRM is having one of its moments where e.g. it claims I'm sustaining 250bpm for 4 hours. Are you sure you don't have an arrhythmia? My HRM used to do that; turns out I was experiencing supraventricular tachycardia (SVT). I didn't have any symptoms other than my left atrium going bonkers due to a rogue electrical signal in my heart (no lightheadness, no pain, no noticeable loss of athletic performance). Except a reading of 60-80bpm when the actual is 160-180bpm is completely inaccurate. Those are opposite ends of most people HR range. 60 is close to, or actually, resting for most people. 160 is a hard aerobic effort, bordering on anaerobic, for most people. The FitBit, if the report is accurate, is completely useless as a fitness tracking devices (WRT to heart rate). Def. rare, probably no need to panic. Just throwing it out there, as most of the high (or low) readings go away once you get sweaty, or adjust the strap. If the reading stays that high for hours, it's probably worth stopping to adjust the strap, manually check pulse, etc. I downloaded the app just for giggles. The entire DC area, and much of the Eastern US, is a no fly zone. Between DC having a 30 mile no-fly zone, and every heliport (which included most hospitals and many police stations) and airport getting a mini-no-fly, it's hard to find an area to legally fly. I imagine most casual drone users will simply delete the app and pretend the FAA doesn't exist. What a mess. Totally agree with the "mass-produced monkey programmer" comment. I've seen it in practice, when interviewing new graduates. The grads from good (not necessarily great) schools tend to have solid fundamentals, and even without lots of "buzzword" coursework, they come out better. The grads from mediocre schools often have more buzzwords on their resume, but often lack solid fundamentals. Of course, that isn't written in stone. We have several great new hires from schools that are typical regional universities. The article addresses this. They have experienced developers on-hand to assist and ensure standards are maintained. Getting the time to learn is a management problem, not a developer problem. I've taught C# and the .Net framework to several teams over the last two years. The good developers pick it up without much problem. But, we usually start with several sprints of co-located group programming (for complete teams learning the stack). Yes. Based on what I've seen, there is absolutely a curriculum problem at some schools. None of these were terrible schools, just not R1 universities. Completely agree, though I'd love to see the actual questions asked, as I would be shocked if near 50% of consumers ranked security as a concern without prompting. Personally, my waning interest in IoT devices is due mostly to lack of increased utility. A new fridge that displays my Google Calendar doesn't really offer me much additional value, at the cost of adding another failure mode to the device. Having had several newer appliances with failed touch-pads or electronic modules, I'm loath to buy a device that has even more fancy electronics. As for phones and tablets, I feel like I've reached the point where new iterations don't offer much additional value. Roughly equivalent to how I felt about PCs/laptops 7-8 years ago. Battery life isn't getting better (without going large), screen resolutions are great, cameras are great, and the devices are fast enough for the apps I use most (email, calendar, phone, camera, Flickr, and Kindle). Many people are apolitical. They simply have no idea what is going on around them. Many other people believe that what they do is good for the country. And a small handful want to affect change from within. tl;dr - European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) says employers can read private messages/mail sent (via non-corporate providers) on company time. While I understand the employer's desire to ensure employees are working, does this open up personal cell phone conversations to monitoring as well? Sure, but when the other option is "stop farming", what would you have them do? The typical farmer doesn't know how to build a tractor from scratch, just as the typical car-owner doesn't know how to reproduce a Honda Accord. Yes, but to most consumers, buying a vehicle (car, tractor, etc) isn't a "software sale". The "sale that's really a lease/licensing deal" is a fairly new construct, at least as it relates to consumer goods that aren't obviously "software". Yeah. There are no panaceas. And change for the sake of change isn't useful. This certainly mirrors some of the horror stories of "agile" adoption I've read online. With most of those, either an executive read a book and forced change on everybody, an over-priced consultant tried to force change on everybody, or some combination of the two. Counter those exmaples with my own experience in an organization adopting scrum. My current employer started that process 3 years ago and it has been reasonably positive. There were growing pains, but the company invested in training to alleviate FUD, there way buy-in across the board, etc. Based on this one article, it really sounds like the executive team failed to get buy-in from the broader management team and then doubled-down on the failure by not providing the employees with enough training to overcome FUD-induced panic. FWIW, my employer is a legacy, heavily-employed company (3000 employees, 20 physical offices worldwide). We use scrum or scrum-hybrid for most projects/teams. I do think it's incorrect to state "if you don't trust this developer, fire them." At least, it's no more true in an agile environment than any other. 1. Most of those can be avoided with enough coordination and planning. If you know thing X has a dependency, you need to plan for it (and make sure any other team knows about it). Weekly scrum-of-scrums, leadership meetings, etc. 2. No, we don't usually encounter that. That said, when we do run into long-running problems, we do need to escalate. One of our systems had some serious performance problems and it did take VP involvement (daily 15 minute standup with the players involved) to keep things moving towards a resolution. It's annoying when it happens, but I'm not sure it's completely avoidable in a large org. Perhaps I've been lucky, but management has always had my back - we def have a culture of servant-leadership, at least in my division. why would I buy [Apple TV] with the remote, subscriptions, dongles, etc. when I could buy an HDMI cable and use my laptop's "apps" instead? Constantly plugging/unplugging your laptop is annoying. Especially if there are other people in the household watching TV or using the laptop. Apple TV has no mandatory subscription beyond what you already have (Netflix, Hulu, etc). The remote is easy to use (4 buttons, a touchpad, and a "mouse button"). With HDMI-CEC, you don't have to worry about TV or AV modes - they switch themselves on and to the correct settings every time. And it's over Bluetooth, so no holding the Harmony at just the right angle to get everything switched. There is no dongle - just a power cord and an HDMI cord. Same as you have with your laptop or other device. The Siri remote is just like the trackpad on your laptop. It's not a "new" interface - it's just new to the TV. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weta Weta are a bit like large, nocturnal crickets. There are more than one variety, but you're probably thinking of the giant variety. We get a relative of them here in the US, usually called cave crickets or camel crickets (here in VA). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhaphidophoridae Those aren't limited to the deep south. We have several broods here in VA. As a kid, those big brood years were always amazing - so many bugs crawling around, and their shells littering the roads for weeks. Amazing stuff. I like this direction. Now that my primary personal laptop is a MacBook Air 11" (and my wife's is a 13"), I find we both use full-screen apps more frequently than on larger monitors. But, it doesn't feel like the OS has kept up, and the full-screen experience is less than ideal. Apps continue to open in windowed mode, and I have to resize or full-screen them. Swiping moves me from desktop to desktop, not app to app. Take some of the app-switching work that is now present in OSX and roll it into OSX (or Windows). I haven't put a lot of thought into this - I just know the OS "desktop" no longer feels like it works. Wrong question... Why do people continue to start smoking? I grew up in the US in the 80s and 90s, where we were bombarded with anti-smoking ads, the health effects were well known, and the prices were high. It blows my mind that I have peers who smoke. They would have seen the same ads, had the same facts available, and mostly come from similar backgrounds (middle-class). "Brick and mortar" companies deal with this stuff. Why should the tech industry be exempt? If there is profit to be had, the tech giants will figure it out. If there is no profit, then those countries with laws that are on the fringe will have to make do without, or change their laws to be more mainstream. edit - I'm not implying that this is easy. Or, can't be made easier. Only that laws have varied by country for eons and merchants have always found a way to deal. Whoever thought those were a good idea, needs kicked in the head. I wish there was a global setting to accept all cookies and stop annoying me. Sigh. Don't forget that in the US (and UK, possibly) many of these cars are leased as part of senior employees' compensation packages. The switch to electronic records vastly increased the amount of time to complete notes. Is there something inherent in medical notes that typing them should take longer than hand writing them? Or, is the software just awful? (I assume the second, which makes me wonder why nobody is disrupting this area) My first car was a Pontiac 6000. God, it was awful. But, it was a station wagon, so at least I could pile a bunch of friends in the back. While reducing costs is a valid concern for both parties, particularly the employer, I wonder if there is a better approach than binding arbitration with the arbiter selected by the employer, which has serious conflict-of-interest concerns? One of the outcomes is that doctors spend up to 50% of their time making notes instead of seeing patients. But, is that a bad thing? If the notes are relevant/useful and can only be entered by a doctor, then I'd say that's just part of practicing medicine. How much of that 50% is purely red-tape? And, if it is red-tape, can that work be off-loaded to a less valuable employee? What benefit are you thinking would be the outcome of the increasing need for doctors and nurses to document what they do? The complaint above was about "making notes". In a hospital setting, those notes would be used when shifts change. Or, when patients come back for follow-up. That would be part of "practicing medicine" and not something we can remove completely (though we can make it more efficient). I have no idea how much of that type of note-taking has to be done by the MD (or nurse). Or, how much of it is simply red-tape. My GP, cardiologist, and dermatologist all use laptops or tablets. Are they also double-entering data, or do they have newer systems that support newer devices? Serious question, I have no idea. In my limited experience, the larger suburban areas are better (though far from perfect) with respect to police interaction than either cities or small towns (including rural areas). Big cities tend to have similar problems as Chicago. Small towns and rural areas seem to ripe for petty abuses and also generating revenue via excessive traffic stops. To be fair, Angelo's job (head of the local union) is to protect and advocate for the officers. Yes, he sounds completely ridiculous, but he can't come out and say "yup, they broke the dashcams." (In no way do I mean to imply he is correct, or that the system isn't completely broken.) In the US, it is illegal for the military to operate in a civilian law-enforcement context. The National Guard (state militias) can be called into civilian action by the state governor, but do not normally perform civilian tasks. Helicopter ownership by police departments is common. Airplane ownership is less common, at least at the city/county level - the state police forces frequently have small planes. Fair enough. :) I was able to fill 7 technical positions last summer. 3 new graduates (all CS degrees), 1 with an Assoc degree in unrelated field (plus a really good interview, and persistence), and 3 experienced (2 with MS in CS as well). Was it effortless? No, not remotely. But, hiring an skilled employee shouldn't be effortless. And the positions were filled in time to meet objectives. edit - formatting I don't understand the down votes you are receiving... your comment is one I have heard from relatives and friends from Europe. As noted in the other response, the historical reason is that private gun-ownership (usually in relation to a local militia of some sort) is the only protection against a tyrannical government. In the era of the Revolutionary War, that was certainly true. I don't happen to believe that is true any more, and that the 2nd amendment is an anachronism. But, I'm in a minority (where the majority in the US seems to prefer limited gun ownership - more so than what we have now, but not complete bans and confiscations, as Australia saw recently). Except, fully automatic guns are legal. You need a special license to own them, and they get registered, but they are legal. They just aren't as easy to buy and own as semi-automatic weapons. In cyclocross, a single bike is a non-starter. Muddy courses lead to frequent bike changes and fast pit exchanges are part of the sport (not unlike pit stops in F1). Even at the amateur level, the top racers have two bikes and a mechanic in the pit to hand-off and clean bikes when the racer swaps them out. Wow. I never imagined an in-frame motor/battery would produce that much power. 250W for 30 minutes is more than most non-racing recreational cyclists can manage. For the same reasons as every other professional sport. Money and fame. Absolutely - in a climbing stage of le Tour, a racer would just need a few bursts to match the acceleration of the other tops riders as they try to drop the peloton on the steepest sections. 20-30s bursts, 100-200W, would be more than enough to stay in the race. In something like cyclocross, the difference from a frame motor would probably be even bigger. The races are shorter (60 minutes vs 4-6 hours) and the power bursts are short and intense - power through a mud pit, stay on bike instead of running a super steep hill, etc. The Ivy League is an athletic conference. The members are historically prestigious universities on the east coast of the US. MIT and a few others are frequently confused as being members because of proximity and their own prestigious histories. Yes, as noted in a sibling comment, The National is a Scottish newspaper that leans towards Scottish devolution/independence. That they would take a chance to jab at "London" is no surprise. Partly, yes. We also get to deduct interest paid on mortgages from our federal income taxes. This deduction can be used for primary and secondary homes. The tax deduction alone is a massive incentive to buy a home. Particularly given the housing options available in most cities... we have massive tracts of suburban development where a mortgage typically costs a similar amount monthly as renting a large apartment downtown. How is penning a letter to the PM "interfering in politics"? It sounds like Prince Charles is just doing as any other citizen may do when they hold an opinion about government policy. Whether or not Prince Charles is due any greater degree of consideration is a whole different question. But, it's not like this is a new development, or one that is unique to the aristocracy. Wealthy businessmen of all backgrounds write to various members of parliament all the time. Probably not. But how is that any different than any other democracy? The rich and powerful have more sway over government. In this respect, Prince Charles is no different than Soros or the Koch brothers. Is it fair? Nope. But damned if I can dream up a system that works better. Yes. I don't believe I ever claimed otherwise. I only claimed that this is hardly an interference. It's a normal part of democracy as we know it in the western world. Being impartial does not require a lack of opinion. The monarch retains the right to advise the government and express her opinions. Current practice is a weekly meeting with the PM. Once her opinions have been expressed, she must then follow the advice of her government. I assume this right to express an opinion extends to Prince Charles and the other royals. From your own links, the monarch has a rights to encourage and warn. How would a monarch go about encouraging or warning about a course of action without forming, and then expressing, an opinion on that matter? My understanding is the monarch must not become actively involved in government... thus declining to vote, staying out of European Parliament, etc. That's not quite the same thing as never expressing an opinion. In tech, we spend little time talking about the softer skills like communication, project management, and prioritization. Well, that's not a good start. Maybe my career has been abnormal, but I've spent a lot of time thinking and talking about project management skills, particularly estimation. It's something my employer expects all non-junior employees to do - more than half my team are certified in scrum or have taken courses in other PM methodologies. For most of what we do, the hard part is project management. Sure, the techie code stuff is usually more fun, but that's not even half of my daily workload (and hasn't been since well before my title changed from "product architect" to "project manager"). Yes and no. They are comparable, in that they are both fairly compact, fixed prime lens cameras that offer high quality (camera build and image). They are not comparable,as the Leica has a better/faster autofocus system. In theory it has better optics as well, though I haven't seen a side-by-side. A good friend is a professional photographer. His carry-around fun camera is the X100T. I think his professional-grade stuff is Nikon. I'm sure he'd love the Leica, but it's a lot of money for what is unlikely to be used professionally (at least not by him). WRT to foot zooming, shooting portraits with a 28mm requires some SERIOUS foot zooming. You have to be VERY comfortable getting close to subjects. Fine if you know them; possibly awkward if you don't. So? Bloggers deserve to eat too. I don't use a 28mm for portraits. And neither would most pros (I'm a hack). But, if you're carrying a fixed prime, your choices are crop, get close, or don't take the shot. Why do you say that about fixed rate mortgages? Are they not available in the UK? They're readily available in the US. HOAs can be a pain, but aren't universal. The HOA that covers my home approves exterior changes, collects fees to cover shared property maintenance and insurance, and that's about it. No limits on pets (beyond county rules, mostly dealing with livestock). No limits on interior renovations. Etc. Even with regulated rent increases, you still end up paying more over time. With a fixed rate mortgage, you pay less per month over time (after inflation). By the time you retire, the house is yours, with only taxes and insurance to be paid. Personally, I drink Starbucks once in a blue moon as a treat - not for superior coffee flavor, but because I want a giant, sugary dessert beverage. At one time I drank a large cup/week, but then I came to my senses. My normal morning coffee is brewed at home using fresh, but mass-produced beans (usually one of Trader Joe's varieties). I cheated... Last year, I was diagnosed with celiac disease, so I could no longer eat Starbucks food. I often grabbed my large coffee along with a pastry or sandwich. Will power not required. Sorry I can't be of any help. I got rid of my land-line. Now I just get spammed on my cell. Can't win. I'm in the US. We have a do-not-call registry. Spammers don't seem to care and hide their numbers, so I can't report them. So, instead of ignoring the annoying spoofed/hidden caller, I now have to answer (to try and figure out who is calling me), waste time, try calling back to see if they'll remove me from list, and if not submit forms to FCC in the hopes the FCC can/will do anything? I'm pretty close to the point where I just leave the ringer on my phone off permanently. If somebody calls and I want to speak to them, I'll eventually call back. This sucks because I do speak to my parents on the phone, so we end up playing a lot of phone-tag trying to reach each other. How is it different than before? Pre-legalization, the police had no way to discern if a driver was high. Post-legalization the police still have no way to discern if a driver is high. The only difference is pre-legalization, they could arrest you for having some bud in your pocket. Now that can't do that. Interesting. I'll have to look into that feature. Of course, I'm on Verizon, so I'm not hopeful. Frankly, I wish "private" numbers were banned outright. I can't think of a good reason for allowing them. I can't speak about today, but when I started college (1995), it was common for students in the intro CS course to have zero experience coding. Some had built basic web pages, some had used *nix machines, but not many with actual coding. But, this course was also required for ALL engineers, so there were many separate sections/classes, and probably 80% or greater weren't interested in CS as a degree/career. The linked article mentions nothing about reducing standards. Nor do any of the other articles I found in a quick Google search. The only thing I found is the acceptance rate for women is higher than for me. BUT! The application numbers are skewed, with 3x as many men applying as women. The SAT scores of both genders are similar. Absolutely, that's why I included the year. I think '95 was the first or second year for campus-wide high-speed internet at UVA. VT was a year ahead and one of the first in the nation, if I remember correctly. All that said, the approach of splitting the introductory class up by previous experience makes some sense. I can't think of too many other subjects where the experience level would differ by so much at such an entry-level stage. In my experience, the little companies with the exclusive rights provide far worse service than the large telcos. At least with the large telcos, I generally have a choice between Verizon Fios and AT&T or Comcast cable. When I've lived in buildings/neighborhoods with exclusive contracts, I've been stuck with one tiny company and the service was universally terrible. We have the same problems in the US. Real estate prices in major urban/semi-urban areas are insane. Among my peers (mostly Gen-X, born late-70s), there is a general consensus that the Boomers have ruined the country for future generations - they borrowed and consumed and never invested in infrastructure. We are saddled with massive student loan debt that the Boomers never needed because colleges were once largely affordable. Is a 3am last-call a mostly American (USA) thing? I've never lived anywhere that allowed purchasing alcohol all night long. I read the article and thought to myself "Who the heck drinks after 3am anyways?" Even through my teens and twenties, an all-night party was the exception. Is that really a problem outside of London, SF, and one or two other super-appealing cities? Honest question, I have no idea. Is there a difference (assuming the vacation residence isn't rented out daily/weekly)? Either way, prime real-estate is being tied up and made inaccessible to residents. Related thought... I wonder how much AirBnB plays into this? I'm vacationing in Florence later this year and was surprised at the large number of available flats in the historic center. Not just rooms, or random apartments, but in some cases significant portions of buildings. I realize it varies, but most of the US has some sort of last-call. I think Vegas and New Orleans are the only cities I've visited (in the US) without one. Looking at a map of the area, it's an extra-wide lane, as described in the report. Why would CA build it that way, instead of a full turn lane? I assume since it's technically a single lane, the fault actually lies with the bus, since it was attempting to pass within the lane? https://www.google.com/maps/place/El+Camino+Real+%26+Castro+... I agree with you analysis. If the AV was stopped completely, then it should wait until there is an opening before resuming motion, just as a parked vehicle would do. But, if the AV was not stopped, I think the bus is now at fault for attempting to pass a moving vehicle within its own lane, which is illegal (I hope). Leave the tip on the dresser? in the US it's been used to supplement underpaid workers Except that's not even true. Restaurants are required to pay minimum wage. Wage+tip >= minimum wage. If tips are low, the restaurant has to make up the difference. Basically, we've been conned into subsidizing the restaurant owner. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tipped_wage_in_the_United_Stat... Certainly, but that's a different discussion, and isn't unique to food services. Of course they know. Employees are required to report their tips amounts, as the employer is required to withhold SS/Medicare and pay any shortfall. What you are claiming is the entire industry is breaking the law - I suppose that's possible, but I find it unlikely. Two different things. In the context of the parent, aftermarket means parts available from non-OEMs. I can go to the local NAPA and get spark-plugs for my Jeep produced by multiple companies. I hate Ikea for this reason. The last time I went, I was looking for a bathroom vanity/sink. By the time I found them, I was so annoyed at being forced to navigate the serpentine displays that I walked out. Yes, there are cut-throughs, but they aren't labelled. Time is too valuable to be wasted walking around furniture I don't want or need. The estate/heirs of the deceased have standing. And, there should be some civil remedy that costs Theranos big-time. Massive fines, one-site FDA overseers, etc. That said, I don't think I'll be sending my bloodwork to Theranos any time soon. That's some scary stuff. This is a new company, why should these be the doomsday callings? Theranos is NOT a new company. They've been around for more than a decade. This isn't the latest and greatest dating app. This is medical tests that have a very real impact on the treatment provided to patients. Is there any reason an interviewer should care about syntax, etc? When I interview, I ask for psuedocode - I don't really care what language the interviewee uses, I do care that they can get their point across. Ack. I'm not sure how I'd react to that. I interviewed quite a bit last year (on the hiring side). I was really surprised by the variation in pseudocode written by the candidates. Most wrote something JavaScript-like, a few stuck to mostly proper Java or C. But then one dumped a giant web of crazy on the board (but still made his point) and one wrote something that looked suspiciously like COBOL - still not sure if he was trolling me. I ask questions about the language to determine if they know the language. Correct syntax isn't going to show me you understand prototypal inheritance. In the Cancellara video, the riders around and in-front ease up a bit just as he accelerates. It does look odd, but he's a freak of nature when it comes to long, solo efforts. And, he rarely looks "out of sorts" on the bike. The only time I recall seeing him look completely gassed was after winning Paris-Roubaix a few years ago. And that was after he won and collapsed in the in-field. 250 watts is an output a fairly average amateur racer will produce at threshold (where threshold is their one-hour max sustained effort). The pros are significantly higher than that (estimated 350W or more for the latest batch of 1-hour records). But, an extra 100 watts for even a few seconds can make a significant difference. In cycling, staying in the draft is a major factor. If that short burst of assistance helps a racer keep the wheel of the guy in front, it conserves a lot of energy for later in the race. Weight is meaningless (for testing). The UCI has a minimum weight that is well in excess of what modern carbon fiber layups allow. So, all pro bikes have extra weight built in, usually on the order of several pounds. But, pulling the seatpost or crankset/bottom bracket should make it pretty obvious if a bike has a motor hidden inside the frame. And it appears the UCI has started using some sort of x-ray device for quick tests in the paddock area. Some of the old NASCAR stories are great (even though some are likely embellished). For those that don't know NASCAR, look up Smokey Yunick. "If you don't cheat, you look like an idiot. If you do it and you don't get caught, you look like a hero. If you do it and get caught, you look like a dope. Put me in the category where I belong," -- Darrel Waltrip, 1976 Damn, the 350w was Jensie's estimated output (or maybe it was 375?). I knew Wiggins went substantially faster, but didn't realize it translated to that much more power. It's really nuts what these guys can do. In high school, this was roughly my experience as well. I did some homework during the school day, generally at the expense of listening to the teacher lecture. Or, I jammed in some last-minute homework over lunch (half-assed effort simply to get credit for having attempted something ). It didn't impact my grades much. I was an A/B student, probably could have been straight-A if I wanted to be, but preferred playing sports, or just being a kid/teenager. I had enough honors/AP course-work and extra-curricular activities to make up for slightly less-than-stellar grades. I ended up at the top public university in my state, alongside many of the straight-A students. Could I have gone to Harvard or Stanford with better grades? Maybe. But I probably would have gone to UVA regardless because of cost. Except in large American suburbs, college admissions has become so competitive that you need a near-perfect GPA (along with decent extra-curricular activities) to get accepted to the decent state schools. This wasn't the case 15-20 years ago. When I started college (1995), good (but not perfect) grades, with a compelling life-story, were good enough. These days, there are simply too many students applying to college - the bar is much higher, even for schools that were previously considered fall-backs (JMU, GMU, VCU in my state). I don't disagree, but as long as getting into a good college is deemed important (rightly or wrongly), getting bad grades is risky. The OP has the means to home-school, so can live off a single income. The OP has the means to pay their children nearly double the national average income (calculated on an hourly basis). So, yes, in this case, the OP more than likely does have the means to move. Or, the OP also has the means to be actively involved in the local schools and try to make them less awful. My negative opinions on home-schoolers are based mostly on personal experience with home-schoolers in my area. They generally fall into one of two categories: - fanatical Christians (public school is full of heathens and rapists etc) - fanatical libertarians (I got mine, so fuck you) An odd analysis, given most hotel rooms don't have kitchens. Or space for more than 2 people. I recently booked a trip to Florence, Italy. While hotel rooms and single-room apartments were on par price-wise, Airbnb offered larger apartments, many with nice balconies and view, that were not available in the hotels. And the apartments were generally less expensive than hotel suites (with kitchen). Well yeah, ok. But if you're any good, you shouldn't have a problem with that either. Whiteboarding, sure. Homework assignment that takes 8 hours, as the author experienced? No way. I'm good, my hourly rate reflects that, and I don't work for free. So, we should all be allowed to own bazookas and nukes and aircraft carriers? Because, if this is about securing the state (either against a tyrannical government, or a 3rd party), rifles and handguns aren't going to cut it. Or, are you limiting your interpretation to firearms in common use at the time of the Constitutional Convention? In which case, you can turn in your Glock and your AK. Point being, we already have established restrictions on firearms. These restrictions have held up in court (for the most part). Because guns are expressly designed to kill. They serve no other purpose (ignoring sporting uses, as those are basically a proxy for proving how well one can kill with a gun). There is no reason anybody outside of the military needs a gun to carry out their day to day jobs. That isn't true of cars or hospitals. Nice throw-away. How 'bout you man up and own your opinions? Huh, didn't realize bazookas were actually legal. But, the fact that there is an NFA requirement proves my point - the 2A isn't absolute - there are restrictions placed on firearms. My argument was that the 2A isn't absolute, as the parent implied. There are restrictions placed on the ownership and use of firearms (see child comment about NFA items and the extra paperwork, fees, and licensing involved). I'm not anti-gun, in the general sense. I am pro-gun control in a much as the current system allows too many irresponsible people to own guns for no good reason (Jamie Gilt being a prime example). Nothing is wrong with it. Guns have their place. I was just answering the question - "why do people react differently to guns than cars?" Because guns are fundamentally different. I'm not personally opposed to gun ownership. I think we need better regulation of guns, though I don't really have any answers (and certainly none that are viable in today's political climate). But guns aren't about entertainment. Or, at least not to a large portion of the population. Even among gun owners, many own out of a sense of fear, not because they enjoy visiting the range or plinking cans. I think you're previous comment really sums it up. The risk/reward analysis just doesn't make sense to many people. To the extreme anti-gun population, the only possible outcome of owning a gun is somebody dies. And that is almost never warranted. In many cases, it's the classic "This is why we can't have nice things." A few bad apples don't store their guns properly, causing some deaths, and it doesn't take long for the general population to shift towards an anti-gun stance. Orrin Hatch has already said Garland "is a fine man." We'll see how fast he retreats from that position now the Obama has called his bluff. I also assumed it was related to Brussels. I did know Grove passed away, but I didn't notice the bar yesterday. I only noticed it this morning, so it was associated to Brussels in my mind. FWIW, the total in-state cost for students at UVA is approaching $28,000/year[1]. U. of Michigan and Georgia Tech are similar. Take out the room/board fees, and you're still looking at $14,000/year just for tuition. So, even going to a top state university isn't going to keep you debt-free. Maybe not $100,000 in debt, but still a significant sum. There is definitely a "donut hole" in terms of aid available to middle-class undergraduates[2]. If you're poor, chances are you can obtain grants or other aid. If you're rich, you can pay cash and not sweat it. If you're somewhere in the middle, that aid dries up fast, but you can't write a check. [1] https://news.virginia.edu/content/board-visitors-sets-2015-1... [2] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/get-there/wp/2015/01/29/... Sadly, Virginia doesn't have a state-wide merit program. There are some school-run programs, but the achievement level to qualify is generally very high (Jefferson Scholar program at UVA, for example). The Hope Scholarship looks REALLY nice - it appears available to any student who graduates with a very achievable GPA (3.0/4.0). The argument is that BI is non-inflationary because the total money supply is not being increased. BI simply re-allocates money from one person to another. While that addresses inflation on an economy-wide scale, there are also arguments that apply to specific items. Take milk for example. Currently, if you are poor, you buy milk using SNAP vouchers or some other form of welfare. Under a BI system, the demand for milk doesn't change - we simply replace SNAP vouchers with cash from the BI. I'm fairly confident they did evaluate their priorities. "Free" lunches are provided by the state, so they don't need to budget for that expense. Lunch @ $3/day, 20 days/month in school, school year runs 10 months/year. Those "free" lunches just paid for the iPhone. My team (I'm the project manager/tech lead) is roughly half remote, with the remotes including my product owner and lead test engineer (among others). As noted elsewhere, thinking remote-first is required for non-co-located teams to be successful. Technical items, in no particular order: All meetings are conducted with full video teleconferencing. Most meetings are configured to default participants as muted (help stop random noise on line). When we white-board, we use a webcam (or lacking that, frequent cell-phone pics) to keep remotes in the loop. Heavy use of IM tools, online wikis/notes, etc Social Things: Try to meet in person occasionally. Obviously doesn't work if people are truly global, but I usually see my team in person at conferences, client meetings, or we fly them in every so often (project kick-offs, major high-level design efforts, etc). Find team building activities that can be conducted via video-conference. Commit to doing them regularly. If you conduct 1-on-1s, make sure part of those meetings is social. Take the time to do some "water-cooler" chit-chat. I've been looking at fares from DC to Rome and DC to Edinburgh. In both cases, there were MANY options... United, Aer Lingus, Turkish Airlines, Lufthansa, WOW, Iceland Air, Delta/KLM. I also had to book return tickets from DC to Denver. Fewer choices domestically, but still Southwest, United, and Frontier. Not sure if serious? Yes, plenty of schools have non-competitive admissions. And even when applying to super-selective schools, there are always fallback choices[1]. The angst felt by applicants, as described in many articles and op-eds, is almost entirely self-inflicted. [1] The only stressful part about my own college admissions experience was not being accepted early to UVA. I had to wait until April to find out if I'd be forced to slum it at VT. The horror! I wonder what makes USDOT think a foreign national is any more or less likely to follow the rules than an enormous multi-national corporation like United or Delta? These foreign-ownership rules do strike me as counter-productive protectionism. In some respects, wouldn't a UBI also decrease corruption? There is no more pandering to special interests on either fringe of the social spectrum. There is a much smaller bureaucracy. And on the personal level, you don't have poor citizens trading food credits for drugs - they just buy whatever they want. Being rich != upper-class. The first is an economic indicator, the second is a social indicator. As noted in the essay, a plumber can be rich, but will unlikely ever be upper-class. It's also worth noting that the "American Dream" is really just upper-middle-class. Single family house, 2.5 kids and a dog, a new-ish car, and enough disposable income to take an annual vacation. Very few people truly aspire to be upper-class (think Kennedy or Vanderbilt). Rich, maybe, but probably not upper class. The American Dream is to become filthy rich and/or famous. Among some demographics, that may be true. But, ask a classroom full of not-poor children, and answers are more likely to be along the lines of "I want to be an astronaut", not "I want to be Kim Kardashian". Yeah, Test of Metal is a mountain bike race, where the numbers are typically zip-tied to the handlebars. I can't think of a situation where the number would fall off with no trace. A bad enough crash could tear the number, but would be unlikely to tear it off completely. And a crash that bad would cost time, and possibly cause injury or damage to the bike. I don't have any hard research, but I suspect it is mostly style and ego. BMWs are generally perceived as higher status and more stylish than Cadillacs. Edit - I speaking mostly of cars and middle-weight SUVs. Pickup trucks, as noted in a sibling, might skew the rural areas back to the domestic end of the spectrum. Part of that is a history of poorly constructed domestic cars (relative to Japanese imports, anyway). My personal experience bears this out... My most reliable car to date is a Lexus RX330. I owned a used Miata that was better than average. And a used Pontiac sedan that needed a new engine at 75,000 miles. I currently drive a Wrangler, and have my fingers crossed that it proves Americans can build reliable cars. Time will tell. I hear ya... but I wanted a 4-seat convertible. Of the options, it seemed like the best bet (BMWs seem plagued with annoying gremlins, Chrysler - no thanks, etc). Huh. I've had a cheese slicer at home forever (Scottish-American). It mostly gets used at dinner parties, when we buy nicer cheeses; inexpensive cheese is almost all pre-sliced in the US. Same holds true for my parents. relatively low-priced My wallet laughs at this assertion! Chrysler plays the upgrades game very well in the Jeep line (and I fell for it, hook, line, and sinker). Sure, you can buy a base Wrangler X for around $20k. But, it's really easy to option them up to BMW territory. My only defense is at least spending the money on factory upgrades gets me a factory warranty, unlike similar upgrades sourced from Quadratec. Not just class, but age. Those of us who grew up in the 70s or 80s were much less likely to have a PC in the house as a child. High-speed internet wasn't commonly available until I entered college (and even then, it wasn't something found in homes - just offices and colleges). a. That's part of the problem - we have a lot of inefficient suburban sprawl. I don't thnk anybody would claim a farmer or other rural resident should be car-free. b. That's a failure of us, as a society, to provide reasonable public transit and walkable town centers. c. This doesn't require owning a car. Rental cars are readily available. ZipCar and other car sharing services are available in larger cities. For whatever reason, the US has simply decided it prefers the waste of automotive transportation. I'm sure there are many factors... cheap fuel, plenty of land, racism and other social factors, etc. a. Force? No, of course not. But suburban sprawl is not a sustainable development pattern. We should be incentivizing denser development, support by quality public transit. b. You can't link everything, but in many parts of the US, we haven't even tried. Take DC - we have a basic metro downtown, but precious little rail access from the suburbs. There is no light rail across Fairfax or Montgomery Counties. The subway that exists is falling apart because local governments refuse to provide appropriate funding. c. It means you aren't driving during the week, only when you actually need to get out of the city. If enough people car-share, there are fewer cars being produced (building cars is resource-intensive). Between corrupt prosecutors, 3 strike laws, mandatory minimums, and more subtle biases, I would be hard pressed to convict. The news over the last decade or so has convinced me that nullification is the only fair decision for a juror to make. Pain aside, wouldn't a finger prick be less risky from an infection standpoint? As noted above, corners are utilized for storing large items that don't otherwise fit comfortably on the counter. In my own kitchen, the corner is used to store a mid-size toaster over. There is still plenty of room in front of the oven to butter toast or other smaller cooking tasks. Take away the corner and my toaster is now moved to a straight piece of counter, where is takes all of the depth when open, and with no room in front to butter my toast. This is a simple case of putting the needs of the few ahead of the many. I'm all for accessible public spaces, but why should my home be required to be built in such a way that it is less useful to me? Yes, but assuming the nurse/phlebotomist uses an alcohol wipe, that's a non-issue (or, no more an issue than back of hand or inside of elbow). But, with a typical blood draw, you have a larger puncture, with a relatively lengthy and deep penetration by needle (vs a prick which is smaller, less deep, and quickly in/out). As long as they don't misrepresent themselves An astro-turf user is by definition misrepresenting themselves. They gain credibility by presenting themselves as unaffiliated with the candidate. Isn't it already? State code can be published as a single tome. Committees write and review updates. In a bicameral legislature, there are usually review processes between the houses (QA?) The legislative body votes (commits) the changes. Then the governor acts as a final QA step before pushing to production. UberXL is my most frequent use by far. It's easy to get a large SUV that can seat 6 passengers with room for luggage. That's my experience. Since dropping cable and going to 100% Netflix, my watching is very much "what's on Netflix this month?" And with full seasons of TV shows posted at once, I can binge watch one of those if I don't see an interesting movie. It depends how you define "casual". I tend to think of casual cyclists as avid cyclists who don't race. Anybody who isn't avid is just a guy/gal on a bike. By that definition, casual cyclists spend ridiculous amounts of money on cycling kit. $2000 for a set of carbon fiber wheels. $1000 for a power meter. Trek has a custom line of bikes (Project One) that retail in the $7000-$15000 range (US). It's not just about looking cool. You're over-simplifying and trivializing the impact of poverty on a person's ability to live life in the way a not-poor person lives. And then there's the fact that being poor actually impairs IQ.[1] And that hopeless feeling that leads to immediate pleasures over long-term goals. [2] 1 http://www.citylab.com/work/2013/08/how-poverty-taxes-brain/... 2 http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2013/11/your-bra... No idea why you were down-voted - it's a reasonable question. And San Francisco confuses matters because of the high cost. In the US, the only time having a true roommate (two beds, one bedroom) as an adult is normal is in a college dormitory. Beyond that, when American's say "roommate" they really mean "housemate", just as you suspected. But, rent has risen to quickly in the Bay area, that it is increasingly common for adults to share rooms, not just houses/flats. It's completely abnormal and indicative of serious problems in the housing market in SF. To my knowledge, this is not a common occurrence anywhere else in the US. When it does happen outside SF, it is usually among the extremely poor, which often includes recent immigrants. Looks interesting, but it isn't listed on the their US store yet. I'll be interested to see hands-on tests - if it's as good in real-life as the specs indicate, it could wind up being a suitable replacement for my home MBA (doesn't get used for work). In the past, when my wife has had options, we've always been able to use cash from the exercise and immediate sale to fund the transaction, with no cash out of pocket. Is this not an option available to Uber employees? There's no liquid market for Uber shares. I assume that in my wife's case, the company was buying the shares back (privately held firm and we weren't dealing in a secondary market). I guess I'm just surprised Uber doesn't do the same (actually, I'm not, given their C-suite's history of being all-around dicks). Disposable razors are allowed. If they are confiscating those, they're not following their own rules. Certainly true. However, note that the blue collar jobs you mention are "career" blue collar jobs. They occupy a different place in society than "just a job" blue collar roles. You don't often hear stories about heroic stock boys or shoe salesmen. Except there are FAR more than 2129 farmers in Iowa. There are apparently >80,000 farms in Iowa and 130,000 farm operators.[1] So, the CEOs of a few multi-national corporations make more than some undefined subset of farmers in Iowa. Are the 2129 the least successful farmers? The most? A random sampling? I assume the cartoonist meant something like 2129 * [average farm revenue] = sum(coo salaries)? 1 - https://www.extension.iastate.edu/agdm/articles/edwards/EdwS... That's all good and fine, but even cities that were once considered affordable are beginning to see large price increases. Seattle, Austin, Denver, etc. Yes, they remains affordable relative to SF, NY, London, but there was a time I could sell my house in suburban DC and pay cash for a house in any of the first three. That's not true any more. Baltimore's older harbor neighborhoods definitely have some appeal. One of these days, I need to make a pass through some of the old steel belt cities. Don't know enough about them to know if I'd want to live in them. Big down side is most of them are significantly colder than DC or the other places I listed. I wouldn't say "no accountability checks." The article references instances where the curators were instructed to boost non-trending stories. So, they are being actively managed. And, presumably can be replaced easily if their curating deviates from Facebook's wishes. I made the switch to carry-on only last year for all my travel. Too much waiting around at baggage claim, too much risk of luggage being lost (especially with transfers), etc. Checked baggage fees weren't the motivator, as most carriers allow one piece for free and I've never needed more than that. With cameras, laptops, and other expensive items, I have to carry on at least one bag regardless. Now, it's one or two bags (roller luggage, plus laptop case, usually). Were Uber and Lyft being required to perform a level of background check beyond what was required of existing taxi cab drivers? Or, were the new set of regulations simply bringing Uber/Lyft drivers in line with other professional drivers? The whole thing is weird to me. I've used Uber a few times and the car that showed up has always been a licensed limo (just dumb luck, I suppose). Pretty sure I'd turn down a ride in some clapped-out Civic, should that be the car that showed up (but, perhaps that's why I usually use car services and not Uber). How do Apple's products qualify as "cutting-edge technology"? Or, phrased differently, would Samsung also qualify? HTC? LG? What differentiates "cutting-edge" from "just another widget" in the consumer electronics sector? If Apple does not qualify as "cutting-edge technology" then what does? When I think cutting-edge, I usually think highly specialized medical or military tech - things that a only a small set of people can design/build. But, it is a pretty flimsy phrase and could be open to abuse. Which is why I asked if other consumer electronics companies have succeeded/failed to obtain a waiver. Part of the problem is Tesla's "autopilot" isn't designed to be fully automatic. It's a diver's assistance package. As a comment in the Facebook thread mentioned, I too wonder if the problem is partial-autopilot in general. People will tend to put their trust in the system if it appears to be automatic. We probably shouldn't be shipping partial autopilot at all. Fully automatic or bust. While that's certainly true, it's a bit of a cop-out to suggest that as the optimal solution. Hotels have their place, but for extended vacations, having an entire home at your disposal can really change the quality of the vacation. More space to spread out and relax, a kitchen so you can cook some meals, etc. Does the Jeep system function if you don't provide any inputs? The Subaru system will brake if it has too, but won't actually drive the car for you. Same for lane holding - it'll give some steering input and beep if you start to swerve, but it won't actively steer around a curve. Shared home? Sure, I agree. Rental property? Nope, there are laws that apply to hotels and normal rentals to avoid these situations. My dad doesn't get to deny access to his beach rental because a tenant is black. I wonder if booking "Super Hosts" helps avoid the problem? Obviously not a full solution (they tend to be clustered in urban areas), but these hosts seem to be "pros" (often multiple listings, etc) and may be less likely to reject guests. This also assume you're looking for a full house/flat, not a room, but I think that's probably the majority use for AirBnB these days. Pissed? Sure. But, anger isn't generally grounds for a successful lawsuit. This was true with my employer. The first PE transaction was the owners/founders cashing out. The company was about 40 years old at the time (and the founders, while on the board, were no longer part of the executive team), so not quite the same as a start-up doing a PE deal. Tell that to the guys riding them. I beginning to see a few on the local multi-use trail (where motorized vehicles are banned). One even has a giant fairing and looks more like a tuk-tuk or e-car than a bicycle. Right now, there are few enough that it's not a big problem. But, the tuk-tuk e-bike is larger than a normal bike, so it's hard to pass (or make a pass) and will do more damage in a collision. Some of them are faster than the average road bike - I've seen several hybrid-style e-bikes cruising at close to 20mph with the rider soft-pedaling. It's a can of worms for sure. This is true. I live on the other side of the river from Maryland and well outside the Beltway. The parts of the suburbs that are configured for cycling-as-transport get used year-round. The only problem is the parts that are cycle-friendly aren't consistent. So, some neighborhoods are linked to commercial areas and others are not. I can easily ride the 11 miles to work without getting on any non-residential streets. But, there are areas 3 miles away that would require driving because of busy roads. The US is unique among OECD nations, in that it does not have any (as in zero) mandatory days off. Not a single national holiday and no required vacation.[1] Roughly 23% of Americans get no paid leave.[2] Furthermore, that 23% is almost exclusively located in the lower wage range. Vacation truly is a luxury for the rich in the United States. [1] http://bigthink.com/praxis/why-do-americans-have-less-vacati... [2] http://www.epi.org/publication/millions-of-working-people-do... Sadly, there are enough people in my neck of the woods (Fairfax County, VA) that have trust funds and extreme privilege, that the essay didn't come across as satire. I literally thought this was just another oblivious rich guy. The officer doesn't have to know. Or care. He just takes every penny the system allows and lets you fight the DA over it at a later date. Even if the money is returned, it doesn't cost the cop anything to try. And if they keep the money, some moeny goes back to the police department. I believe the system is operating on pre-paid cards. I don't know the technical differences in transactions on those vs normal credit cards, but I assume there are some. Allowing the price to float will ensure that someone who really needs water will be able to buy it That isn't going to be true in the extreme. Three people need water. Two are wealthy, one is not. The two wealthy buyers bid up the price to the point the non-wealthy buyer is priced out o the market. Without some for of rationing (or a change in supply), the non-wealthy buyer dies from dehydration. The argument is the ban on over-land travel reduced the market for supersonic flight to a level that was economically unsustainable in the long-term. With the ban, there was no incentive to invest in upgrades or replacements for the Concorde. So, yes, economics killed the Concorde. But, it was the regulatory environment put in place 30-odd years ago that created those economic conditions. While that's certainly true, I often wonder what would have happened if super-sonic development continued. Certainly, at my income level, I would never pay for a Concorde ticket. But, if it were $800 vs $1200 for a 9-hour vs 4-hour flight (and all else equal), I might be tempted. That would allow a very early departure from DC and still be in Rome for lunch. Currently, the best option is usually an overnight flight, but I never sleep well on those. This is another take on the rotary/Wankel engine. Mazda and many others have tried to develop durable, efficient versions of this type for decades, with only limited success. While that's certainly true, others have developed similar small Wankel derivatives and had little luck moving beyond a prototype phase. LiquidPiston themselves have developed other engines with no market success that I've seen. There may be a market for these in small UAVs, but I don't see anything here to indicate LiquidPiston is any more likely to "win" than anybody else. Mazda's automotive Wankels have spring-loaded seals on the apex of the rotor and on the sides. See this image: https://hackadaycom.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/wankel-insid... The sibling post to this covered much of it. As a previous RX-7 owner and racer, I can say the apex seals were prone to damage, especially if the engine was ever overheated. Much more so that overheating piston designs. The side seals didn't tend to cause as much problem. And of course, with the Wankel, if any single seal fails, the entire engine needs to be torn down. With a piston engine, you can often pull the head to perform a valve job or re-ring a cylinder, without pull the main engine block. Not such a big deal on newer vehicles, but as cars aged, it tended to limit their value in the used car market. I'm a chronic under-estimator. So, whenever we're in grooming or sprint planning, I make it a habit to ask the other members of the team if the size/hours make sense, or are straight out of "Al's world". In those occasions where I'm asked to provide a WAG to an executive or salesperson, I always multiply my first thought by 150-200%. Maybe even 300% if there's an external stakeholder (3rd party integration, something for a specific client, etc). I have the pleasure of working with both an excellent principal developer and a principal test engineer (my other team members are great too, they just aren't senior). Both can effectively communicate with non-technical stakeholders. Product Management, sales, consulting/services, clients, etc. I wouldn't hesitate to include either in a discussion with executives (internal or client) when appropriate. Both can do any job on the team, including mine (project manager). They might not be comfortable doing it. They might take longer on some tasks. But, if all else fails, I can safely ask either of them to do anything and they'll find a way to get it done. Both have successfully managed special initiatives (in a "tech lead" role). These typically involve coordinating across teams, so require a higher level of time management and communication than developing for our primary project. Both have successfully mentored junior developers, interns, or new (but not junior) employees. And Both have earned the trust and respect of everybody else in our division. They are go-to resources, not only within my team, but across the division. At which point, you get out of the car. They're required to have readers. Tough shit if they break the law in an attempt to dodge paying their share of taxes. The tap to pay has actually become less common, in my experience. At one point, two of my cards supported it. Now, none of them do. Le sigh. What planet do you live on? $195k is WAY above the average salary for a programmer. Only in SV or other super-hot markets will a 26 year old command a salary that high, and even then, only if they're amazing at their job. Most places, you're looking at $70-$100k. You're doing it wrong. Exercise can certainly be tiring, if you're training for performance, or rehabilitating an injury. But, a basic yoga class, a few laps of the pool, or walk around the block isn't going to noticeably tire an otherwise healthy adult. Time-consuming? That's likely short-sighted when you account for reduced longevity, time spent ill, etc. A few hours a week isn't that much time in the overall scheme of things. And exercise should almost never be painful. The only exceptions would be rehab or training for a specific event. Agree, to an extent. But, even if you're direct team is highly functional and open to suggestions, it is unlikely that the entire organization is highly functional. This might not impact a fairly junior developer much, but a tech lead, architect, project manager, or product manager all have to coordinate with other teams that might not be open to change. As noted in a sibling, educators have flip-flopped on mixing achievement levels for decades or more. I was a casualty of one such experiment in Fairfax County, VA. My year, and my year only, instead of offering the usual 7th grade honors "pre-Algebra" course, they mixed the honors students with lower achieving students. It was an unmitigated disaster for those of on the honors end of the spectrum. When we entered Algebra in 8th grade, we were all well behind the expected knowledge level. I feel like it hurt me the rest of the way through high school. As far as I can tell (from loads in internet research), Algebra-For-All and similar mixed courses have benefits for the average and below-average students, but the price is stunting the development of advanced learners. Does that interaction have to occur in a highly technical subject like mathematics? Or, does mixing achievement in PE and elective courses have the same impact? The job title of an experienced teacher is "realtor" or "waitress" or honestly I donno In the DC region, I know 4-5 former teachers who moved into corporate training of one flavor or another. Usually internal positions (not consulting), so low travel, reasonably stable, with reasonably high degree of knowledge/skill transfer from teaching kids. Yes. What do they call it where you attended school? In the US, the term used is "Gifted & Talented" (abbreviated to "GT"). So, you frequently see courses or tracks labelled "gifted", "GT", etc. At the high-school level, the label frequently changes to "honors" or "advanced". And you will also see Advanced Placement (AP) and International Baccalaureate (IB) which are brand names for honors/advanced curriculums that often offer college credit with high marks on exams. The sibling responses are correct. A little further detail... US schools generally follow this pattern... Elementary School (Primary in the UK): Kindergarten First through Sixth grades Middle School: 7th and 8th grades High School (Secondary in UK): 9th through 12th grade (or, freshman, sophomore, junior, and senior). The boundary between each level varies, but I'd guess 70-80% of districts follow the above. The most common variation seems to be grouping 6th grade into middle school. Vacation travel (Disney Paris) is generally subject to a much more relaxed set of regulations, EU or no EU. Permanent (or semi-permanent) relocation for work is what's potentially at risk with the Brexit. And what's a "tax haven for the rich?" You know why there are no "tax havens for the poor?" Because they don't pay taxes. Poppycock. The poor pay plenty of taxes... sales tax/VAT, SSI/employment tax, property tax (on cars, in some areas). You know exactly what is meant by "tax haven". Playing semantic games doesn't make the practice of shifting wealth to avoid taxes any less unsavory, even if it is legal. UK, or London? Serious question - the concentration of finance and money in the City of London makes me wonder if the city has some different rules than the rest of the UK. I don't understand why people use the Facebook native app at all. Their mobile website works quite well and should avoid many of the issues with the app (location sharing, battery drain, etc). They must be A/B testing; I can still access messages on the mobile site (Safari on iPhone 5s). And, given privacy issues and anecdotal reports of battery drain, I'll just forgo messages on that platform if they make the mobile site change permanent. That's why I was asking - I'm aware the City has all sorts of different rules because of it's history. I just don't know how those rules impact banking, finance, etc. Are those accounts tax exempt, or tax deferred? The equivalent in the US is called a 401k, which is just tax deferred. Still shifting wealth, so I suppose we're talking shades of gray. Anyway, I'd just as soon do away with market-distorting tax code like tax-advantaged retirement accounts, mortgage interest deductions, etc and just lower the marginal rates accordingly. Where is the converted WWalMart? I live in NoVA, but haven't seen or heard of it. Living in self-storage is already a thing... https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/for-dcs-desperate-a-ref... Ah, other side of NoVA. I live in Ugly Regular Houses and work between Single Nerds and Overpriced Stores. Is this an Android vs iOS thing? The Facebook page on my iPhone works very similarly to the desktop page. It doesn't steer me to the app store for any features. Interesting... I would have assumed a model release would be required to protect the publisher from civil liability. There's no mention of this, so I assume the photographer didn't obtain one. Maybe that's not required because none of the uses imply the subject is endorsing whatever product/view-point the various articles are promoting? The first link indicates that the release isn't required to take the photo or use it in an editorial or educational context, but that one might be required to publish the photo commercially (which was done in the original link). I believe... "Strangest" is a superlative and would imply this case is equally as strange as any other case in the group being labelled "strangest cases". All cases in this group are equally strange and also stranger than any other cases not in the group. "Stranger" is a comparative and implies this case is in a group of more-strange-than-typical cases, but may or may not be exactly as strange as any in that grouping. There is the possibility that some cases are stranger than this one. In this case "stranger" is probably more correct, as labelling an art case "strangest" is really a personal judgement. This story is unusual, but is it provably any more unusual than other unusual art cases? What happened is that the ADA's workload tripled, they ran out of courtrooms (and had to get courtrooms in other counties to fill the backlog), and people were released because of their right to have a speedy trial were being infringed. I would argue that is the correct outcome. At this point, we either adjust policy/law to reduce the backlog (decriminalize drug possession, etc). Or, we commit to the path of criminalizing everything and tax and spend accordingly. It sounded like he got no support from his family and "ran away" as soon as he was able. But, he probably could have earned a GED. But, that takes time - perhaps it was faster/easier to move to Germany? The home-schooled teens that go on to college may lack formal paperwork form a school, but they generally do have some test results, paperwork filed with the county/state, and other items they can put on a transcript in lieu of actual grades. It sounded like the scientist didn't have the benefit of a structured home education. I'm wondering how the US approaches bicycle safety as a whole As a whole, it doesn't. Cities and states are getting a bit better about planning alternative transit in dense areas, but it's a scattershot approach an varies widely by area. There tends to be significant resistance from drivers to giving up any space to alternative transportation. And leaders can't seem to decide if they want normal bike lanes, separated bike "highways", or something else. US drivers are terrible in general and awful when it comes to cyclists. Especially in urban and suburban areas, even where bikes are common. Lots of misdirected anger. I've had things thrown at me, been yelled at, passed far too closely, etc. All that said, the nation, and urban areas in particular, seem to be moving in the right direction. It's just a slow process. I always wonder why drivers can't/won't treat me as they would a tractor. Nope, instead I'm treated like some sort of deviant who doesn't belong. And it's not just roads. There are several popular multi-use trails in my area, and intersections aren't any better - cars block crossings, don't yield, and generally act like assholes. Much of passing too close in done on purpose (along with an engine rev and sometimes some choice words). Taking a lane isn't going to fix that. Education, and penalties, might. I do that for convenience. I'm at work during the day, shipping to my office ensures somebody is there to receive the item. Item doesn't get stolen from the door-step and item doesn't bounce back and forth between warehouse and house waiting for a signature. Sure, the rebinding could still happen. But, the remote execution is prevented (right now, after rebinding the trim function, the attacker can enter script in the chat window to be executed - this part goes away with a separate console). Yup. And suitcase zippers can be pried apart and put back together without any trouble[1], so the locks are pointless for actual security. I use them, but only for some protection from pickpockets, not for securing the suitcase while it's in the airline's hands. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW8SJZBVR9s What good does that do? "You stole my sweater!" "No we didn't." They aren't going to replace the sweater. And if you're packing cameras or other valuables in checked luggage, you're a fool. For the same reason a techie might work for a low bug bounty. Or go to a hack-a-thon. Neither pays well, relative to time invested, but the experience itself has value. And there is the prestige earned, which may translate into future earnings. For an athlete, those future earnings could come in the form of future coaching opportunities, etc. That, and world class athletes are just wired differently than you or me. In addition to the obvious physical gifts, they must share some of the personality traits with politicians and executives - incredible competitiveness, large ego, etc. One of the first things I was taught when I did my first Scrum Master course was that scrum is just guidelines. Teams are self-organizing and need to do what works for them. Most of the criticisms in this piece can be resolved by team members adapting processes so they work for the team. I've also encountered most of those problems in non-agile, non-scrum teams as well. Instead of obsessing over points, it's hours. Meeting hell can happen anywhere. Good employees will tell their managers when meetings become an impediment. Good managers work to fix it (and pro-actively try to prevent it). I always find it odd when somebody complains that sprint goals need team buy-in to change. Why is that a bad thing? Adjust and move on. Sometimes things don't go as planned, sometimes they go well. Hopefully, it all averages out at the end. Anyways, I guess I view scrum (or any other methodology) as a loose set of guidelines, not strict rules that must be enforced at all costs. If management is forcing the rules, even when they are becoming impediments, that's a sign of a management problem that is unlikely to be cured by a change in methodology. Wouldn't a better analogy be comparing to a cell phone? Yes, we know the "owner" of the number. And we might know roughly where they were a short time ago. But, we can't, with any certainty, tell you where they'll be tomorrow, because cell phones are portable. Couldn't I just as easily state "the french-fry cook doesn't know anything about the life of a philosopher"? Everybody's view of the world is limited by their own experiences. Does that mean everybody therefore misunderstands the world? Why is it so outrageous to assume that chemtrails might be a covert experiment to manipulate climate (or has some other purpose)? I'm not saying that it is, but is it outrageous to doubt official narratives? If it were a single national airline, or even a subset of airlines, then maybe there would be cause for concern. But, a global conspiracy involving airlines, private airplanes, multiple governments, and tens of thousands of employees? That is patently ridiculous. Has anything on that scale ever been kept secret for long? In the case of McMansions, that's often also true. While the author didn't address it, generally the craftsmanship follows the (lack of) design. Subpar stucco, heavy use of quarter round because cutting floors and walls that fit is time-consuming, poor use of interior space, etc. McMansions are a great example of form over function. They meet the buyers notion how a "fancy" house should appear. But, they stop there. Theres not enough demand at lake placid to use them as apartments. You just made the case that large (and probably wealthy) cities should host the Olympics instead of remote areas. They are more financially capable of absorbing the cost of hosting events. And have the population density that new buildings should relatively easily repurposed (see Stockholm anecdote in sibling comment). Should we, as software developers and IT professionals, be able to lobby about information security? Net neutrality? If we can't, and Verizon/Cox also can't (they also have a conflict), who is left? People who either don't care or lack enough knowledge of the issue to make reasonable policy recommendations? Are Uber's customers even ready for driverless taxis? It's one thing to trust your Tesla, when you're behind the wheel and can re-take control. It's another mental leap to get in the back-seat. I would be hesitant to trust a new technology developed by a company with a record of skirting laws and regulations. Move them to existing towns? That's bound to cost less than the $300k/head they think they need to rebuild nearby. Why was there a delay in announcing the result? Cycling uses a similar photo finish system and sprint results are usually provided fairly quickly (within a minute or two). I often hear that short periods of time spent at jobs is a negative signal to hiring managers but I seldom hear anyone actually point to it as the reason they weren't hired for a job. Last year, we declined to interview several candidates who had jumped from job to job (many 6-12 month stints over many years, and not doing independent consulting/contracting). We also discovered after several interviews that candidates who were jumping from one government contract to another regularly were often not being re-hired when contracts renewed/moved (because they were mediocre employees). The best candidates we interviewed were typically staying at jobs 3-6 years. I assume this was long enough to do some real work, possibly over several projects, but not long enough to stagnate. These were mid-career and senior developer positions in the DC area. Buy a grill with a cast-iron grate. Then, you season it with oil, just as you would a cast-iron pan/dutch oven. Absolutely true, and if the resume indicated they were moving companies as contracts moved[1], that was fine. It was the short timeframe hopping from unrelated contracts that was a sure sign of incompetence. 1 - We saw some resumes that were grouped by contract or government agency rather than by actual employer for just this reason. Interesting. In cycling (the road disciplines, at least), results are announced, then there is a window of time to lodge a protest. So, you do get occasional revisions after the fact (generally in bunch sprints, where somebody failed to hold their line). So, when watching on TV, it's never more than a minute or two to get preliminary results from the finish officials. I actually rowed in high school, then a bit in college. But, we never used photo-finish equipment (at least not that I ever noticed). But, I know all about the physical state of the competitors after a race. I'm glad criminal charges are being filed here. But, I do have to wonder why none for GM (ignition switch cover-up) or Takata (deadly airbags). We received the same warning on both outbound and return legs of an Aer Lingus flight from IAD to EDI. Not sure how they would ever enforce it, beyond the honor system, or expecting other passengers to notice and report misuse. Maybe Facebook should look into developing local content rules instead of relying on a guideline written in California by Californians for Californians? How would such a thing work? Would a user register as a resident of a particular country? Or, IP-based checks of location? I'm a Scot living in America, with Dutch friends - do I see the US, UK, or Euro content? Does the content I see (on the same feed) change based on which country I happen to be in today? I'm not sure that's true. In cases where I've had a deductible, I've always paid the lower negotiated price. The vendor (doctor or pharmacy) has always run the product through insurance first, then billed me whatever my insurer says is correct. Yet, there are documented cases where the pilots have had enough faith in the system to take a nap or play around on their laptops. A non-pilot probably has very little clue how an actual airline autopilot works. Nor would I expect them to. Voter ID isn't about ID; it's about racism and classism and making it more difficult for the non-rich-white minority to exercise their rights.[1] [1] https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2016/08/03/... Exactly. Producing small trucks with the options/amenities American consumers expect was less profitable than shifting that consumption to full-size trucks. In the same time span, full-size trucks have grown a fair bit, so it appears it's now possible to market a mid-size truck (the Canyon and Tacoma are quite a bit larger than the old S-10 or Ranger). Nobody is actually selling compact trucks in the US any more, nor does anybody plan to do so (that I've seen). I wonder if that's because of the chicken tax? The Transit Connect would fall into that category for sure (at least in cargo/work van trims). Not sure about the Edge (it's passenger only, so the tax might not apply). Yeah, I think they were importing them as passenger vans, then de-optioning at port in Baltimore. All true, but the parent was questioning policy in the US. In theory, that makes sense, but has there ever been proof of large-scale voter impersonation in the US? To my knowledge there has not. And any proposed ID system is more likely to disenfranchise voters than prevent fraud. Source for those wages? Anecdote: I have several high school friends who drive/deliver for UPS, it's a union shop, they appear to be reasonably well paid (both own homes in typical middle-class neighborhoods, take vacations, etc). That's definitely true. The trucks are loaded in the early AM, so the drivers can hit the road ASAP. Does make me wonder what surveillance systems are in place in the warehouse and loading areas? Or if that would even make a difference? I have no idea, never worked in a warehouse. Another Brother laser printer user here. I did have some strange networking problems when I initially configured mine for wireless use. The Macs on the network consistently lost the ability to connect. My son eventually resolved the problem, though I never bothered to ask how. Never had that issue with Canon, but so far, I much happier with the Brother. The toner cartridge lasts WAY longer than the Canon inkjet and per-age cost is less. I did give up color, but I don't need that often enough to worry about - I can just print at work or go to FedEx/Kinkos. I think he gave the Brother a fixed IP (using the admin tool on the wireless router, maybe). We didn't change anything on the Macs themselves. If he's around this evening, I'll ask. But at the same time, rural and suburban living have their own problems. You lose economies of scale when it comes to rolling out new technology (fiber, cable, etc). Residents have to drive more. Transportation of goods/services costs more. Some jobs (services) require you to be on-site - straight up software development is one of a few that doesn't require any live face-time (but even that goes away as soon as you move into executive management or sales). The real answer seems to be somewhere in the middle. Well-planned urban areas should be able to mitigate much of the heat island effect. And if the suburbs are reigned in (and replaced with a more natural environment, with more plant-life, etc), we should see some benefits in the overall environment. Sure, but where do you draw the line? And how to you prevent politicization? The tit-for-tat with India in the parent is a prime example of who blanket immunity is (probably) required. If a diplomat steps way out of line, you just escort them to the airport and ship them home. Honestly, that would depend on whereI was pulled over and whether or not I had been speeding. If I get pulled over out-of-state for no apparent reason, I'm probably not saying anything other than my name, handing over my ID, and waiting for a ticket. An as soon as the cop asks me to leave the vehicle or asks about my reason for being where I am, I'm refusing to answer. Looks that way. And seems reasonable. In dense residential areas with mostly free-standing homes, they seem to scale well. They don't dwarf existing units, they don't become eye-sores, etc. Done well, the remaining rear yard becomes a cozy, quiet nook (albeit now communal). As far as I can tell, none of my local jurisdictions (NoVA) allow MIL cottages. Arlington allows MIL apartments (basement, attic conversions) but limits design/space and prohibits renting (literally only for family). Fairfax doesn't even allow that. I do that - seems obvious to me, but I'm also a cyclist. That said, when I'm in the back seat, I'm not sure if I do anything to avoid dooring. They are allowed to ignore the request. They don't, because once they have what appears to be a valid court order (even though the defendant is the creator, not the platform/ISP), it makes economic sense to take the content down (vs pay lawyers). Do they really need to be formal awards, and not just "And a big thanks you to Cindy for her work on project X!" (followed by a sentence or two about why X matters). Agreed. Management needs to be careful scheduling all-hands. Do it well in advance (4 weeks+), add agenda items where possible, etc. Short-notice all-hands are often bad news and should be reserved for truly major breaking news (good or bad). Where there own polices are an attempt to effect long-term, positive (for consumers) change in the global RX market. I don't see that as a bad thing. As noted in sibling comments, it is VERY common for large donations to come with strings attached (yes, there are contracts dictating the terms). Just look at colleges in the US - every time a donor funds a new stadium, there is an uproar about funding it over academic pursuits, but the college is usually hamstrung by the terms of the donation - they simply can't use the funds in a way not specified by the donor. Same thing applies to Harvard's massive endowment - they can't use it as a giant slush fund - much of the money was given with a specific goal in mind. Edit - and yes, I realize money is fungible, and to an extent donating for a stadium frees up funds that aren't earmarked, but if everybody donates for stadiums and nobody donates for general spending, there isn't much to be done (beyond asking the donors to revise contracts). Push your org to implement some sort of peer-recognition system. My employer's (large commercial software company) award system is peer-based - anybody can suggest an award, from simple kudos up to multi-thousand dollar awards. Kudos don't require approval and are typically announced in weekly or monthly team meetings. The larger things are announced in the division or company-wide meetings, as appropriate. The system actually doesn't allow generic team awards. It can be a bit annoying, but it also prevents what you describe. If I want to recognize a team, I have to call out each person individually. As a project manager (but with no direct reports), I try to award a few kudos per quarter, just to let my peers (including all the teams I work with regularly, that's 50 developers/testers) know I'm paying attention. I typically submit a few larger awards per year. So far, I haven't had any outright rejected by my director or VP, only the level adjusted (both up and down). Edit - another thought - I also proactively seek feedback from product management and sales. It doesn't take a lot of feedback to make a difference in team morale. While my teams are directly client facing, it's not difficult to obtain client feedback that is directly relevant to my projects. In the primary and secondary education markets in the US, most for-profits are fully or partially funded by the local government as replacements for government-owned schools. Often this is done with some flavor of a voucher system, where students within the school district can attend any school in the district (public or private). In other cases, the district will hire a for-profit school to run a magnet school. The whole system is often corrupt, with the for-profit school being audited by a company that shares common investors. I think that's true of all mirrorless. A full-frame SLR is going to take better photos because it lets in more light and has a larger sensor. It's hard to get around physics. But, as you noted, carrying an SLR can be a pain. I tried to get into photography many years ago, with a Canon Rebel XT. It didn't stick because I hated carrying the bulky thing around. I stuck to point & shoots, then my iPhone. I recently picked up an Olympus PEN e-PL6, which, for me, strikes a nice middle-ground. It fits in my wife's purse, or my small backpack (easy to carry-on flights, unlike the Canon, which ate up my underseat area on its own). It is light enough to carry all day. And has an excellent selection of lenses for all purposes. Of course, I also frequently carry my Canon S100 because it is truly pocketable and still takes excellent photos. Would a self-aware AI still be "unreal"? Can a human be re-programmed? Not easily (at this time), but certainly we can lobotomize, drug, and maim to the point that memories are lost. Would a sentient AI feel pain, or other emotions? Is that part and parcel of sentience? Possibly? I really don't know the answer. When I use "self-aware" or "sentience" in regards to AI, I mean something along the lines of "does the AI posses "knowledge about itself" and does it have some form of inner monologue. I think it's probably a blurry line. Great apes are probably just on the non-sentient, non-self-aware side, but boy are they close by some measures. I don't disagree. Just thinking aloud. Not much, in my experience. Or, it might be more accurate to say the space is used for the detritus of middle-class living. I own a moderate 4 bedroom home, 3 of which are "vacant". 1 was my son's, but he's an adult and moved out. 1 is the guest room and used sporadically. The other is overflow for the now-too-small master closet. The dining room is used a few times each year for holidays and parties; we could easily do without. The 2-car garage is filled with too many bicycles, kayaks, utility trailer, large toolbox, etc. We're actively purging with the goal of moving to a more "urban" area sometime before retirement. I put urban in quite because we might find a nice small town instead of a major city, but the goal is a small rowhome or flat in a walkable area. With about 70% less stuff. National pride. Looks good to constituents (high paying, high-tech blue collar jobs). Profit (assuming Boeing eventually pays more in taxes than the value of the subsidies) In the case of aerospace, the jobs are frequently high-skill, high-pay blue-collar. That type of job is quickly disappearing in N. America. So, even though the absolute numbers might be small for any given event, the sum of the losses has a noticeable impact on the economy. At a much slower rate. If the paint in my personal home starts peeling, my incentive to fix it is higher - I don't want to walk down the hall and see peeling paint. If the paint in a corporate-owned tenement starts leaking, what incentive does the corporation have to repair it? They will do the bare minimum to prevent me suing them for breach of contract. A tenant is unlikely to sue over peeling paint. And they actively discouraged from re-painting, as they will likely lose their security deposit should they paint in any color other than generic off-white. Are you married? Own a house? ;) What incentive does the landlord have to fix minor problems? It costs you more to move/sue than it costs him to sit on the problem. Yeah, I do wish we'd figure out a way to decouple insurance from employment. Right now, I have two choices... one from my employer, and one from my wife's employer. One is terrible ($12k/year OOP max), the other is better (but still worse on cost and benefits than the typical PPO from 15-20 years ago). Photographers and graphic artists? They probably touch type, but might find the "context menu" aspect of the touchbar compelling? Have you used CarPlay yet? You get the large touch-screen control, Apple-standard UI, and up-to-date info. The only downside if Apple Maps is still behind Google Maps. But, it's also WAY ahead of most in-car nav systems. How do those states that use mail-in ballots deal with the delay that introduces? Must the ballots be post-marked in advance of the election to count? Or, do they defer calling elections until days after the election? Yes. Basically, running Android Auto on the phone itself, instead of pushing the app to an external display in the dashboard. And increase since when? What's the baseline? I would expect most of these searches to increase in frequency on election day, even relative to SuperTuesday or 2012. All of which refutes the OP's point. Justices overall are a conservative bunch (little-c, as in "don't make waves") and don't make a habit of throwing away decades of precedent, regardless of their personal beliefs. Scottish-American here, and every time I visit family, I wonder how we got it so wrong over here in the US. And it's not just millionaires and wilderness. Anecdote: A friend lives in Oklahoma, on a few wooded acres. One day, he posts a photo on Facebook of some guys riding horses across the corner of his property. He didn't care (no reason to), but the first response, "Why were they there? Did you go after them?" Makes no sense. For those interested, here's a quick overview... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Land_reform_in_Scotland tl;dr - The Land Reform Act 2003 codified the long-held tradition of unhindered access to open country. This includes the great estates, forestry land, etc. Basically, as long as you behave, you can hike, camp, cycle anywhere you like. Obvious exclusions would be somebody's yard adjacent to their home, areas with active livestock activity, etc. Not surprising, given the shared history. Scotland can be very Nordic-like on some issues. I think he meant an external webcam, which I suppose works well enough if you work at the same desk most of the time. Italy seems to be better now than 20 years ago... I visited this past May. Flew into Rome and immediately hoped onto the fast train to Florence. Spent a few days there, then took the fast train to Bologna, transferred to an inter-city (not as fast) down to Riccione for a few days cycling around San Marino. Then took another train from Rimini back to Rome (not high speed, but cut across the central mountains). Anyways, it worked well. The cost was far less than flying Rome/Florence/Bologna. Might not have worked as well if we wanted to venture out of the cities, but for a typical city-based vacation, it was great. If you could go to out of business or to prison because the software you have delivered is faulty And that's the problem. If a civil engineer designed a bridge that maimed hundreds, he would lose his license. There is no license to be lost for software developers. What will be the cost to the company that built this shoddy justice system software? Will anybody go to jail or be personally held accountable? I doubt it (I can't think of cases where a developer has been personally responsible). It isn't the developer who has signed the contract Yes, and that's the problem. The engineer didn't sign the contract either, but he DID sign his name on the design. There should be some equivalent in software. And just as not all "engineers" are professional engineers (licensed), not all software developers should need to be licensed. But, for something like descried in the original article, there damn sure ought to be somebody to hold accountable. I don't know. Netflix appears to have added a lot of licensed content over the last year. $10/month for Netflix vs $65/month for basic Fios TV. I could add HBO Now for $15/month and still be money ahead. Or, The Homer. http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/simpsons/images/0/05/The... https://www.wired.com/2014/07/homer-simpson-car/ I could say the same about the civil engineer, or lawyers, or MDs. Are you really arguing that professional licensing isn't needed because we can always seek remedy through the court system? Anecdata: I know a lot of well educated people who don't read. At all. Our current Presdident Elect (US) reportedly falls into this category (or, pretty darn close to it). That's a scary thought.