near Columbus, GA. Currently working on a tenant griping site (launching later this week; I'll probably post about it), and trying to figure out this whole "revenue" thing. :) "I wouldn't feel comfortable telling my ideas to people who copy others so obviously. maybe they hoped nobody would see?!" Or maybe they've internalized the idea that ideas aren't the important part of most startups, and it didn't occur to them that people might see it as a negative. I haven't applied (yet) to either, due to age (33) and a mortgage, but I'm still thinking about it. :) Well, I wouldn't go that far, but it is easier for those of us who have wives who are interested in being a founder, rather than a founder's wife. :) But if we avoid requiring the dedicated poll code, PG won't need to get around to writing it... So the obvious solution is that everyone should make a point of doing a poll a day until PG writes the code. It just takes longer to evaluate the worth of a novel than the worth of a blog post, so if you read only novels, it might be weeks before you find one you really like, but if you're reading blog posts, you're likely to find something you really like later today. For equally good blog posts and novels, the worth of the novel is less than the proportionately longer length would suggest. That's less useful for those of us who don't believe in a creator. Hm. They complain that they couldn't contact Google about this, yet it only took me a minute or so to find: "To request reinclusion, log in to Google webmaster tools, click Tools, then choose the Request reinclusion link and follow the steps outlined there." Perhaps they did that and just didn't mention it. While I don't consider anything patentable, I just put "No" on the application. Perhaps you also need a certain amount of karma. I'm logged in (with 2 karma) and don't see any down arrows. Yet another micropayments startup. Unfortunately, my current thoughts on that require several hundred thousand, minimum, so I'll need to get rich (relative to where I am) before I can really get that done. I'm still working on the details, but the direction I'm moving mostly consists of taking the best ideas of current payment systems and leaving the worst ones out. The trickiest one involves email addresses as the payment identifier. That seems like a good idea at first glance (and had me fooled for years; I'm from a payment systems background), but I think it turns out to have been a bust. I'm also not particularly interested in P2P payments, as there are lots and lots of systems out there for that, and it never has really taken off. The dominant system is still merchant/customer, and I think it will continue to be for a number of reasons: each person receiving payments needs a lot of people paying to make any given activity worth doing, and people just don't seem to pay each other tiny sums -- and paycheck-size sums are already handled well by check/ACH, direct deposit, and so on. But given the level of funding I'll need to get this started properly, it certainly isn't a YC app, so I have to succeed with some other interesting project first. :) Microsoft is still an enormously profitable and powerful company in the real world, and you should be more careful about drawing conclusions based on what a few people think in your insular little "Web 2.0" bubble. More seriously, I mostly do business right now with small businesses (2-8 people), and some stupidly high proportion of these businesses run totally on Windows. When they go to buy the computer(s) they need, it never even occurs to them that there is any choice about whether to buy Windows, because Windows is just what programs run in. This kind of customer laughs ruefully along with the Apple commercials they see on TV, but I don't think it ever crosses their mind that they could actually buy a Mac for their business, much less a Linux box. Word, Excel, Internet Explorer, Outlook, and Exchange are the core software apps of 90+% of small businesses. ...but not all of us. There must be a bunch of hackers here who'd rather not deal with people, but feel forced to because, well, who else is going to? By the way, Steve Jobs is more of a design critic and salesman than designer. It takes different skills to do well at being a novelist vs. a book critic. I'm not sure I see the point, actually. Why would this be more interesting than the current reddit behavior? Well, the first part of my comment was a joke, and the second part was only asserting that Microsoft wasn't going to go away soon, because they're a de facto standard. I'm not saying that I worry about them for my own projects, or that you should for yours. :) Ah. For even more control over what appears on the front page, it might be useful to have a certain pool of points for each user, derived from site metrics, which the users could then apportion as they saw fit, rather than only one per submission. You really want this story to reach the front page? Spend half of your 34 points on it, or whatever. Columbus, GA area; 2; 33, 27 Oh, no problem. I thought that more people would notice that it's lifted directly from the article. On the other hand, I guess it's quite possible that it isn't funny. :) We got ours yesterday. At least it removes the problem of deciding what to do if accepted by TS and invited to an interview by YC. :) Clearly not necessary , since the list of startups without such a person as a founder is long. I think not selecting anyone would be bad for reputation. They're already starting out "in the hole", so to speak, and failing to select the ten they say they're looking for would confirm evilness for some people, and raise the question for others. If I were building a gmail, I'd be using a maildir-derivative. Slashdot only gives you moderation points some days, though. I read slashdot two or three times a week, still, and hardly ever have mod points. I dunno if you can use more than one mod point on a single comment, there. My reference to site metrics assumed that you'd give out the same amount of mod points to each person, based on some calculation involving the number of articles, users, and how many you wanted on the front page each day. I can imagine someone being annoyed that they don't have enough mod points to give a single point to each article they find interesting, though, and it would be a pain to have to constantly fine tune the calculation, so one way to mitigate that would be to allow everyone to mod up any article by one point (like on reddit) without using their pool of mod points, and then they could use the mod points for "extra" ups. Half the blogosphere, apparently. :) That title does create lots of buzz, but it's really polarized buzz. Not that that's a bad thing, necessarily. My stereotype is exactly the opposite: hackers and nerds are going to be malnourished or overweight, but less likely to be of healthy proportions. I'm certainly well overweight myself. I'd be intrigued to hear what "they must have parents" might have to do with it. :) I've had a box at Serverbeach for a few years, and they've been very reliable, and are pretty cheap. There's been a single issue I was unhappy about, which was a mandatory IP change for my box due to a reconfiguration of their network (after they were bought by peer1, a fiber/bandwidth company). All else has been nigh on perfect. They do expect that you'll handle everything yourself that can be handled remotely, though I wouldn't think that was a problem in this crowd. :) Edit: Er, and if you do choose to go with them, email me for a discount code if you want one. Python and web.py Here's a thought. You say cooking feels like coding to you. It doesn't at all to me. One major difference for me is that when you make a change while coding, you can see instantly what the difference is; there's no delay. In cooking, you often have to wait for minutes after a change to see if it was a good change. But after thinking about that, it dawns on me that cooking is like coding, if you're using a language that requires a separate compile step. I've always avoided those languages (all my experience is in interpreted languages, except for CL, which still has no requirement for a length compile step). Anyway, less fancifully, I think there's a culture difference, here. If you grew up in a house where there was always a hundred things you could nuke for breakfast, why would you ever learn to cook unless you were especially interested in one dish that had to be cooked? Lastly, I was a nerd when growing up, and we were pretty much the poorest people in the trailer park. My father knew how to cook hamburger helper and most anything else with instructions on the box or can, but I cook far more than he did when I was growing up. There's still always a strong temptation to just grab a bag of chips instead of making a meal, but my wife gets unhappy if I do that more than once or twice a week. :) Well, there is that. I spend rather more time gloating about my Macs than I should, I suppose, and much of the gloating is about antivirus suckage for the Windows boxes. :) Didn't the applications themselves call for email addresses, or am I misremembering? I'd assumed it was an artifact of the storage mechanism that pg didn't consider problematic enough to fix. PostgreSQL, for example, has no order guarantees unless you explicitly call for them, but seems to order by last update to the row. Not that I'm suggesting that a SQL database backs news.yc; pg seems to have a preference for filesystems over databases. Me, too, on both counts. It's too late for that: "with 14-day advance purchase" Just now, yes. Ah, well... Good luck. We're on that path, too. Here four. "because surely you could get 15000$ somehow" I think you live in a different world than some of the rest of us. Not only is 15K a lot of money (more than half of what my wife and I made last year, and we're not doing badly here in east Alabama), but it's often the case that the only people who could possibly get that kind of money are friends and family who've already paid for most or all of a house. So, the question becomes, would you rather work on this part time, or try to convince your parents or friends to bet their home on your startup? Serverbeach has 2TB bandwidth and varying amounts of disk up to 500GB. They don't manage the server for you, though, after setup. ...but in SV, 15K will only last a month, whereas here we could stop spending so much and actually live for a year on that. Our home cost us 51K for 1550sq ft on a homesite with 12000 sq ft. Is this the best place to start a startup? No. However, having attempted to pull up and move to an expensive place where we knew no one (NH, in 2003), I'm not eager to go through that experience again just now, so we'll just keep plugging away until we succeed. For someone with an actual degree, it ranges from ~20K starting on up to 60K or so in this area. There aren't many of those 60K jobs, though. People who have ambitions beyond ~40K typically either move or start their own business(es). More than half the people I know run a one-person business either on the side or instead of having a "job". There are a coupla barriers to moving; we have a house to pay for, hardly know anyone (personally) who doesn't live around here, and have issues "getting a decent salary" due to history. I've been freelancing for seven years, with no degree, and it turns out that people aren't interested in hiring someone like that remotely. In 2003, we gave moving to the Boston area a shot (Nashua), but the only position I managed to get was Comcast tech support (and all our clients were down here, of course), which didn't pay enough to save up enough money for a deposit. It was a totally different world up there. Here, if you have a thousand dollars, you can pay a deposit and the first two months rent, and have plenty left over to look for a job for a month. Your first full paycheck at even a convenience store would pay the rent. In Nashua, I was making (for the 6 months we were there) about the same amount I would here for the same job, except that landlords wanted outrageous sums for housing that even slumlords would be ashamed of in the South. "Let me get this straight: you want nearly a thousand a month for a room that doesn't even have a private bath?! Did you accidentally include an extra zero?" Anyway, enough ranting. :) If you've lived in such a place long enough to think it's normal to pay thousands a month, rather than hundreds, just to have food, gas, and a small house, I imagine it's hard to understand the shock. Six months into that attempted move, after being too exhausted from dealing with people all day (I'm not a people person) to do anything but collapse into bed, it finally became clear that there was essentially no way we would ever be able to save up enough money (we had to stay in weekly places, due to never having the 2K or so it would have required to get a crappy apartment). We'd been spoiled by doing exactly this same thing in 1998 moving to Florida, and having that turn out well. So, basically, the biggest barrier is that it would take years of saving, here, to come up with enough money to not instantly be homeless in the Boston area or SV. Alternatively, we can just continue with doing startups in extremelycheapland, while living a middle class lifestyle on 15 hours of freelancing a week. I'm sorry if you got the impression I wasn't spending lots of time on my startup. I am. I was explaining why, for some startups like mine, it wasn't a clear-cut decision whether to try to move to a startup hub, because it's arguable that the lower burn rate is better. "How much do houses cost where you live, btw? I don't think people would be "gambling away their houses" by giving you 15K - wouldn't that just be two or three years more of paying off the mortgage?" Yes, I admit I was being a bit melodramatic. :) Houses around here cost anywhere from 30K (manufactured home and a building lot) up; site-built homes start in the 60s for a small two bedroom place. I don't personally know anyone who spent more than 150K for a house within 40 miles of here, but there are a lot of ads for subdivisions "starting in the 190s" and such, now. Property values have gone way up for newly built homes, but older homes haven't appreciated proportionately. As I mentioned above, we're paying a little over 50K for ours, but we had the land given to us by relatives. This is all totally off-topic, I suppose. Perhaps I'll point at this thread when I start hiring to explain why I'm only offering 35K salary. ;) Twitter, apparently. It's funny. Laugh. Probably he wasn't serious. :) If they're not claiming it's their work, I'd say it isn't plaigarism. (And they don't appear to be, as of comment time). Current voice recognition technology is actually fine. My wife's phone has a dial-by-voice feature that she uses all the time to select from her contacts, and it's a prepaid phone she bought outright for 19 bucks. This suggests to me that voice recognition for things like "Call Mike" is a solved problem. Sure. This was mentioned last Friday, too, I think. :) I've emailed you. You might be interested by http://common-lisp.net/project/cl-prevalence/ . I think their secret is that YC deliberately tries to choose founders with a certain design sensibility. As someone who runs a small business as my "day job", I'd say it most certainly isn't bad to compete with small businesses. :) The thank-you page isn't really code, so even though it might be hundreds of lines of HTML and CSS, it's the web designer's responsibility, not the coder's. :) The code for the thank-you page could be as simple as: import smtplib smtplib.SMTP('127.0.0.1').sendmail('website@example.com', ['you@example.com'], "From: website@example.com\r\nTo: you@example.com\r\n\r\nMessage follows: %s" % (web.input.get('feedback', 'NOTHING'),)) Not sure it that will work without a .quit(), but then you'd have at least 4 lines. Well, that's what local libraries are for. :) Hey, look! I'm not too old (at 34)! :) A PPC 17" iMac. My wife has a dual-G5 PowerMac. Of course, you can't buy these models any more, but they've both been reliable. An important thing is that you should probably buy directly from Apple. Every experience I've had buying from third parties resulted in Macs arriving with hardware problems. Could have been a coincidence, I suppose. I used to have a 17" PowerBook (first 17" model), and I carried it around a lot. There's a Halliburton case that fits it snugly on all sides; no rattling or anything. People complain about the weight and size, but I never noticed a problem. Of course, I'm a pretty big guy. Wow. I guess this explains why they weren't interested in our http://dontrentfrom.com , since it's a variant on the same idea. It would be trivial to spin off various topical forums. I believe you have to have a certain amount of karma. Not much, though, since I can see it with less than 20 karma. I've been using it for a week and a half, now, and I have exactly the same reaction as this reviewer. It's so great not to have to switch back and forth between different windows (different desktops, for me; I use Desktop Manager), but there are little things that keep bugging me, like the "open in same tab" thing with the terminal. Another problem I have with it is overeager completion, but I suppose I'll just get used to this -- I was never a fan of Dreamweaver, which also does this. That depends strongly on the company, doesn't it? A list of companies represented here after they get some usage would read like a "don't apply to" list. "If 5 people in room always agree, then clearly that room is clearly not filled with intelligent people." This turns out to be not the case, if by "intelligent" you'll allow me to substitute "rational." People who are rational and honest should always agree: http://hanson.gmu.edu/deceive.pdf And, also: http://www.overcomingbias.com/2006/12/agreeing_to_agr.html "[...] the YouTube founders are now set for life and count it as personal wealth." Well, unless Google stock crashes. As anyone who has ever been to a casino knows, it's not your money until you've cashed in your chips -- at any time before that, it could all disappear. There are a number of problems with it. First, it won't actually affect spammers unless nearly everyone is using it... what could force them to accept the charges? Second, it's turned out that even the email systems that ask people to confirm they sent something (which spambots can't understand in general) are too much for many people to bother with, so asking them to join a system in order to pay a fraction of a cent for each email they write would likely be too much trouble. Lastly, spam filters actually work really well. I get roughly a thousand spams a day to my primary address which has been continuously in use for ~7 years, and have to "mark as junk" maybe two spams a day -- the rest go straight to my junk folder. Hey, in Safari the "Add this..." doesn't work. Well, I assume it's just Safari. So, if I can't add any restaurants, I'm much less likely to use the site. :) Well, this is an argument for requiring verification if you plan to use email for password resets. Alternatively, you can allow only a small number of password reset attempts per email address per day/hour/whatever. One thing that you shouldn't do is reset someone's password immediately when you send out the reset email. Instead, reset it only when they arrive back at the reset page, else you're opening a DOS attack for anyone whose email address is known. I use prototype.js. I haven't found a good reason to use anything else, yet. The main link was to a comment on an old thread. If he'd made the top level of this thread the actual comment it linked to (assuming that makes sense in news.yc), it would take up a whole lot of space on the front page... While you don't have any other responses yet, I think this is an interesting question, though possibly somewhat off topic for news.yc. Either lifecasting will promote good behavior on the part of the lifecasters, or they'll eventually stop worrying about it. I myself expect everything I say or do to eventually be public knowledge to anyone who wants to know, with increasing data processing tech, and try to govern my life accordingly. One way to be transparent to normal users, as long as your site uses javascript anyway, is to do a javascript (or flash, I suppose) hashcash implementation. If javascript on a typical browser takes 45 seconds to work out a solution, then that's enough to prevent spambots from just implementing it without driving the amount of spam they can send out way down. If you already know you want a VW Golf, the ad isn't very useful for the advertiser. I see. I assumed the advertiser was VW, but as you point out, there are others who'd still be interested. This is exactly how I make a living, for the last 5-8 years, depending on exactly how you count, and some clients will indeed pay 10s of thousands for software that they can't otherwise buy. It helps to be in a narrow industry, of course (mine was digital gold currencies, though I'm no longer doing anything in that market). Nice parody. :) Those comments of Guy's were about incorporation. Well, some of us want to emigrate to space, but taking a several hour ride and coming right back isn't nearly so interesting. :) Bittorrent grew out of MojoNation, a "distributed, peer to peer, file store", per wikipedia. So it already had a business sponsoring it. Distributing content tracking is much harder than distributing the content, and if they'd waiting to solve that problem before publishing code, it probably would have died. I think there's a lesson here: don't wait to solve all your problems before you launch, because even if some of them are insoluble, the parts you have solved might be useful enough to be successful. I suppose other people have more concisely summed that up as "release early; release often", eh? Yeah, I've probably bought and given away more books than anything else, and the vast majority of books are not worth keeping around after you've read them once. I look forward to the day when all or virtually all books are available for download. Webscriptions.net is a wonderful example of this for fiction, given that they have pure HTML books, and not just PDF or some proprietary reader format. I live in a place he'd probably characterize as poor (my neighbors probably all make less than 20K), and everyone has LOTS of stuff around here, often including the mentioned cars in the front yard. When you buy cheaper stuff, it breaks more often, and it's usually cheaper to buy a new one than fix the old one, but if you're poor, you spent too much of your income on the old one to be comfortable just throwing it away. So the old microwave that doesn't work goes in the closet in case it can be fixed, and you buy a new microwave for less than you paid for the old one two years ago. You keep the broken chair in your living room because eventually you'll have enough money and time to fix and recover it, and then for years tell people not to sit in it when they come in to visit, because "it's just broken right now, but we'll get it fixed". Google loads REALLY quickly. I don't notice the difference between a blank page and Google, and I live in the US, where broadband speeds are supposed to be woefully inadequate, per some recent article on reddit. :) Well, a novel is less likely to be rereadable than, say, _ANSI Common Lisp_, because you'd use the latter as a reference. I sometimes reread novels, but only the really especially good ones, if I remember that I've read it before. In general, I don't read novels for perspective, though it's really nice when there's some to be gained, rare though that is. I've probably read somewhere around 10K books, the vast majority of which were novels, and way more than half of which were not really worth reading had my time been as limited as it later became. When I was a teen, it was easy to finish two or three books a day of stuff I'd throw against the wall by chapter two, now. The fact that I've read it and finished it is no indicator of worth. :) Anyway, I used to own a coupla thousand books, but after moving several times without having looked inside most of them, it dawned on me that carrying around all this dead tree was not very useful. I write software as the largest part of my business, and I don't think I've ever been asked to assign copyright to the purchaser. I go out of my way to point out in written materials that I use licenses like GPL, BSD, and put stuff in the public domain when that's compatible with library licenses and such, but no client has ever actually asked me about that. In my experience, people who are buying custom software don't even think about copyrights and licenses; it just never occurs to them. There's a difference: I own the code that's on my server, but the artist does not own the music that's on my desktop; I do (logically, if not legally). If I sell software to someone, and then they want to sell copies, that's their right. I use licenses which explicitly recognize that right, but even if I didn't it should still be up to them, except where contractually barred. If the artist wants to keep people from selling music they've produced, they're free to do so, by not selling it or giving it away. When they've sold something, however, it's not up to them to control another's actions indefinitely. Obviously this is heavily at odds with current law where I live, but fortunately it's easy to get around said law by using licenses which give legal weight to rights a person should have with respect to easily copied materials. The Pirate Bay is competition, once he's given away or sold the first copy. It's not that "whatever people make should be free". It's that buying something should not automatically restrict your rights to what you already own. If you can figure out how to make a non-easily-copied copy, then you won't need to forcefully (with law) restrict people from using their own computers after purchasing your copy. But the ease of copying (and thus competition) doesn't justify using force. Web applications are one way to solve the problem of "how do I sell use of software without making the copy they're using easily copied". Other ways include, for example, DRM, but web applications are a far more robust solution than DRM, for the class of applications they can provide solutions for. I agree, sort of. (Surprised?) If someone broke into the owner's house or office and copied their work, then clearly a crime has taken place. However, in the vast majority of cases, the owner gives or sells a copy to someone, and a descendant of that copy is what ends up being repackaged or copied for free. In this case, the problem was not that someone "took someone's work and repackaged it as free", but that the owner already sold the work. The idea that the owner can sell something and still own it is simply at odds with digital copying. No law will change this, but it's apparently harder to communicate than King Canute's point about the tide was. :) "How would you write a web application to deliver some music without being able to steal it? You can't." No, web applications are not a panacea. But some business model will work, and finding that business model is far more profitable than attempting to legislate a hold on digital copying. If there's some particular type of thing for which there is no profitable method of distribution, then that thing won't be produced for profit. Law can distort this to a degree, but such distortions always produce more problems than they solve. The market always wins. :) I think the first copy of a book or other creative product (that will sell well) is incredibly valuable, and I have some ideas for ways to get a large chunk of that value for the author/artist, but they require micropayments to be widespread, and that's what I'm working on right now. :) I don't think most people enter into any such agreement. Usually nothing is said about that before the sale, and any contract presented after the sale cannot be valid. That doesn't mean US courts won't enforce it anyway, of course. :( Eventually that will change, I expect. I must be using ajax wrong. :/ It's not clear to me how using ajax would expose functions and variables not exposed by any other form, because you still need a form; you're just building it with javascript. Right? When you use ajax, you're just saving some page loads, not throwing away server-side validation; it seems to me that you'd have to go out of your way to screw this up after you have your original non-ajax site working. Could you unpack that? I'm not sure how taxicabs relate. I see. Thanks. News reports a few years ago said that studies had shown that 3mg worked less well than none at all. I just use cron for asynchronous tasks, because it's less complex to write for (just write the script to do the task once, after all), and any unix will already have cron running for other things. If you can do reasonably rapid development with that, more power to you. :) At least the result should be fast. The Onion is not news at all, to be clear. It's just funny. I used to be a caffeine junkie. Weirdly, however, after hitting a rough patch this year and deciding that I couldn't afford 4 2L bottles a day any more, I found that I was no less productive without it, and I'm far less anxious. I have an occasional caffeinated soft drink or green tea, still, but the non-stop highly-caffeinated Randall days are no more. This is an important one. The brighter the light, the more I feel "worklike". To a point, of course, but 700 watts equiv. is as high as my office goes. Yeah, but then you had to eat sardines. ;) Indeed. Or, actually, I've only smelled them as the can is opened; I don't think I've ever actually eaten any. But I understand that lots of people like sardines -- it was suppose to be merely funny. :) Yeah, but I found that even with the addiction, I wasn't interested in tasteless delivery devices. :) Diet Mountain Dew is fine, and Lipton's Diet Green Tea (which has less caffeine) is fine, but given that it doesn't really help me much, pills are too much trouble. Also, it only took me about 3 days to feel normal, and a coupla weeks to not really want it very much, after 5 years of averaging between 3 and 4 2L Diet Mountain Dew a day. It helped that my wife was very vocal about how much less stressed I seemed; after I was off of it, she suggested I just stay off even when I can afford it, so I'm doing that for now. It's not clear whether you meant to say "live under the fear" or "understand the fear". If the former, no, because they're just another competitor, if so. If the latter, then sure, because some YC companies have kicked ass. Statistically, though, it's still somewhat unlikely that any given YC company will succeed, and only if they were going to succeed were I not in the marketplace would I need to worry about them particularly. Speaking personally, the front page of clutterme looks good. It's the samples that put me off. :/ "Would any of you find mechanical turk-based usability testing valuable?" Quite valuable, yes. :) Perhaps the people that create forum traffic to jumpstart new sites could expand into this easily. I can't remember the names of any of them at the moment... It's hard to know yet whether it's mediocre, though, eh? Perry Metzger is a smart guy, so I'll wait and see. Just in Malaysia?! That seems like a very limited market, especially for an apparently English-language service. Okay, so I looked at this. I don't get the point of the grid system. Rather, what I want to know is: if you're going to laboriously simulate tables in CSS classes, why not just use tables? It would be simpler, more easily understandable by human readers, scales up and down better (Blueprint doesn't do non-fixed layouts yet, apparently), and in HTML4, at least, would usually involve less markup. Against this, it wouldn't be quite as easily read for the tiny fraction of a percent that use screen readers. That seems like a very small price to pay for the major wins. I don't think he meant what you think he meant by "clean". And here I had my hopes up... ;) He's talking about the 2005 article, but it seems you're talking about the artix site. Wrong thread. :) Geek, usually in jeans and a t-shirt. More to the point, I'm asocial enough that it's going to be a challenge to do any face-to-face communication I need to do to make my startup work. We'll see how that works out. :) Perhaps he'll write a book with them in it... The crowding is not due to too many people. There are lots of places on the planet with very few people; it's just that many people (when free to travel) prefer crowding to solitude. Maybe there should be "virtual" forums, so you can define an area with all the selected state forums combined. Seems like it would be easy to do that, actually. A coupla times a week. Back around 1999, I was there multiple times a day. HTML is object code only because you don't have a dedicated designer who wants to make design decisions and changes without requiring the programmer's time. For news.yc that's fine, but for many business sites, having HTML automatically generated in a designer-opaque manner is inconvenient. Eventually you want to hand off the design to someone who is good at design, and having to find someone good at design and good at the programming language you use limits the pool of designers. The usual alternative to html-as-object-code is to use a template system, but template systems seem to move as a group (and individually during development) toward being a way to write your usual language, but surrounded by HTML, which has the same problems I outline above, since the designer still has to mess with what's really application code. I suppose this is because template systems are usually designed by programmers, for programmers. Heh. Actually, for most things I've been involved with, UI has been more difficult than any of the rest of it. One of the promises of the web was that interface could be cleanly separated from the application itself, and it seems to me that most approaches being used today throw away that promise because the programmers assume that UI and design aren't important, or aren't hard. You may notice if you look around that much of the time when someone replies to someone else (in any context, not specifically news.yc) they are saying something they wanted to say or like saying, rather than expecting to change someone's mind. In fact, there are many, many exceptions to my general rule that you'd want to eventually turn over HTML/CSS/design stuff to a designer, and news.yc is one, probably. But the vast majority of my projects are no exception, and I'm fortunate to be married to a designer with strong opinions on the matter, so I get good feedback. :) Welcome to how humans work. The concept of "fair" isn't about economic utility, unfortunately. Even the "global warming skeptics" aren't actually skeptical about the fact that warming has been happening. Rather, they're skeptical that there's a sudden uptick in the last few decades, and/or that global warming as it exists is human-caused. It's well understood that several hundred years ago, it was colder (at least in the northern hemisphere), simply because of historical records we have that don't make much sense otherwise. Also, it's well understood (though recently challenged) that it was warmer than twentieth century levels before that for some amount of time. So the controversy is all over whether humans are causing any significant part of the warming that is currently happening, and whether that can or should be fixed by reducing greenhouse gas levels. Popularity isn't proof that someone is a good writer, but it certainly is evidence of same. "Direct influence" may be too mild; Greenspan was one of her "inner circle" of followers. It worked out pretty well for my father, who's 80. It probably ruins the experiment that he had been using (well, failing to use) Windows for years previously, however. He understands and uses the mouse; his problem with that is not the concept, but tremor. The first mouse he ever used at home was a trackball, but he hasn't had much problem switching to the scroll-ball mouse that came with his Mac Mini. On Windows, he never seemed to get the difference between situations calling for left click and those calling for right click, so the single-button mouse was a relief. Bubbles don't require a "stock market", only a market and some sort of insulation from bad choices for a while. Are you disagreeing? I wasn't saying that the current situation is or isn't a bubble (I'll only know that in retrospect... :]); rather, I was saying that bubbles can form in markets other than stock markets. One of the most famous was the tulip bubble, in which the involvement of stock markets lagged the formation of the bubble by some time. Yeah, nanotechnology was coined to mean molecular manufacturing -- mechanical chemistry. Unfortunately, it's been applied too widely, and so we now have to use these clumsier terms to describe Drexler's idea. I think many people are not terrified, or even particularly afraid. I certainly don't want to die (like, ever), but I can understand those who "are ready" to die, now. Ten years ago, I couldn't even understand that. It was incomprehensible to me. Generalizing improperly from my own experience and that of people I know, it seems to me that it gets easier to accept the idea of death for many people as they age. Hopefully we'll crack the aging thing ASAP, but I wonder how many will die of old age even after aging is more-or-less optional. It's sad that this got downmodded; seems funny to me. :) (That is, if it really was "Rant rant rant!! Rant." when it was downmodded). According to later posts on this, many calculations which involve storing 65535 or 100000 really store the other one: Dana DeLouis writes: """ And if you multiply be say, 2 you get something else: =A1 MUL 2 returns 131070, as if A1 had 65535. (which it should have been) =A1 MUL 1 Keeps it at 100000. =A1-1 returns 65534 =A1/1 is still 100000 =A1/2 retuns 32767.5 """ Given that it would more often be the case that 65535 or 100000 comes up as an intermediate number than the final result, it could be that there are many calculations that have been done in error silently for those using Excel 2007. EDIT: Replaced asterisks with MUL because I don't know how to escape them. An arraylist is easier to traverse with respect to CPU cycles and memory usage (typically) than a linked list. What does python use internally? I don't know, and I'd just as soon decide that myself... Ah, here's a major difference between us: I'd rather not decide that myself, unless it becomes a problem. Took me a while to figure out that the front page isn't tied to a cookie or something. I was compiling a bug list, and then it became clear that other people were deleting things. :) I listen to 202.fm and c9radio.fr while coding. If I listen to something local to my disk, I get distracted wondering what's coming up next, or otherwise fiddling with the order of play. If that's not in my control, I don't think about it. The point is that it would have been a supercomputer in 1997. Some of us are introverts both here and in "real life". You're arguing with the guy that wrote the book, _ANSI Common Lisp_. Just a comment. :) Dexter I used to do this (back in 1998-2002 or so), but it doesn't really make sense to do so, unless you intend to actually use them differently, or if your domain somehow makes more sense with ".net" after it or something. It looks like bloggertrail is fighting Google, here, by trying to massage the content so that it doesn't immediately turn up on searches for strings in the original. At least, I can't think of any other reason it would look like that. I would say, rather, use the language with the most libraries in the area of your startup. Code you don't have to write beats ease of reinventing everything, any day. I say this as someone who has reinvented some things over and over during the last seven years. A bit of salt defeats MD5 hash google searches and rainbow tables. Not that I'm saying anything about these guys. :) That's true. I'm just saying you shouldn't pick a language that forces you to solve interesting problems you otherwise wouldn't. But I don't think we're in much disagreement, if any. Okay, what these guys really need is to send the reply in a comment attached to the original blog post. That would drive way more traffic, too, since they could answer people who are just "lazyweb"ing, and don't even know about hoosgot.com in the first place. Indeed. With disk space cheap, there's no reason not to log everything on your personal machine(s). I have many years of mail and IM logs, not because I intend to use them against anyone, but just because it's so easy to keep them, and I might need to know something in there one day. The suggestion here is not that dreams are rehearsing instincts , but that they're rehearsing of behaviors which are important for survival, and the selection of which behaviors to rehearse depends mainly on what the waking mind is concerned with, since that's a good indicator of "important survival behavior". Hence dreaming about code for those that program all day, or having World of Warcraft dreams after playing too much WoW. Er... not that I've ever done that last. Nope. Not me. Just FYI, it's "psych". In PHP it hardly matters, since variables have their own namespace. PHP is a lisp2. Well, sure, but that cuts both ways. :) It's convenient to have names like $bool and $int for didactic purposes, at least. On 2, I prefer it the way it is. If I want to go to the Hacker News index, I can click on "Hacker News", which is, after all, right there beside the YC logo. A person might go there to find out things about YC. I mean, supporting YC is the ultimate purpose of the Hacker News application, after all. In any case, YC is not a separate site: it's the parent site of this application. The logo is not the Hacker News logo, it's the YC logo, and should link to YC. I thought Yahoo did accept it? One reason is that there's a very small distance between "I don't care if someone gets in here" (reddit, blog, etc) and "If someone got in here I'd be hosed" (bank, administration stuff, etc). OpenID can handle the former, but since people are using the same insecure password for all those sites anyway, typically, it doesn't matter. OpenID can't handle the latter, because (last I checked) making phishing easy is inherent in how OpenID works. 34 for a few months, yet. The quote-after-period thing is a rule I deliberately break. I dun like it. It's just not me. Yeah, I hate it when I reorder my quotes and periods and people get killed. No, wait... I don't think that's really a good analogy. I suspect we're missing some context. :) I've always found the idea of living each day[1] as though it were my last to be odd. If I knew that a day was going to be my last, there are potentially fun or useful activities to choose from which carry a very high risk. That day would be the day to do things that have a significant chance of killing you any time you do them... and by "significant", I mean greater than five percent, say, not things like skydiving. [1] Some versions of this idea use hour, and I've heard someone say "second". How do you live each second as if it were your last? No one who does this would last long; there's no point in doing most of what we do if we're going to die in the next second, right? But maybe people who say "hour" or "second" are just betraying that they don't really mean it. That's why contractors get paid four times as much hourly as employees. Twice would only just cover what contractee isn't paying for taxes and accounting/legal overhead. Sadly, it's much harder to name the technologies that would have been developed with that talent and wealth instead. I think "picture in your head" and "know well enough to go to the exact place of any feature" are not the same thing. I can picture in my head a very small number of lines of the code I usually write. Less than five, at any rate. But maybe I misunderstand what you're asking. The contractor company employees don't get paid four times as much, but none of those factors apply to them: they have full time jobs, rather than billing their employer (the contractor company) for only hours worked, and the contracting company still has to pay for accounting overhead and taxes. If you become an independent contractor, doing all your own taxes and client interface, you'll quickly realize that those "undeserving" suits are saving your sanity by doing all the people-handling and drudge work that you, as a hacker, would hate. Also, in that situation, those suits pay their employees full time even when the contracted hours this week only add up to 18 hours. They bear the risk of having that happen, and in return, they soak up the profits when they get to charge the contractee for 60 hours worked in a week and still pay only salary to their own employees. In the case with which I'm most familiar, the contract is for two days a week at $50/hr, and the employee of the contractor company gets ~$12/hr (here in the deep south, that's livable; he owns his own home). That may sound terrible to you, but on days they don't have anything for him to do, he still gets paid. It's a tradeoff. News flash: it's not very enlightening to say that someone isn't rational because they aren't efficient at reaching goals you would prefer they have. You may think it's silly to want what they want, but that just means you don't want what they want. Big deal. Goals cannot be chosen rationally unless they're subordinate to some other goal. Sure, and I've no problem with that. The article in question, though, was suggesting that people are choosing wrong when they knowingly choose to be poorer but happier. There was no failure to understand the problem implied -- it's just that they didn't choose the way the article author wanted them to, and he conveyed this by calling them irrational. Most certainly "hive". I bet with the optional solid state drive, it will seem very, very fast compared to the other Macbooks. I have an iMac. Things I plug into it include my keyboard, and, uh... my mous-- no, wait, that plugs into the keyboard... uh... headphones. Power cord. I use a USB drive once in a while. Since I don't need to plug in a keyboard on the Air, it seems to have all the ports I actually use. I have used my DVD drive to burn backup DVDs (though now I just back up over the network), and I have used it to watch movies, but in an ultraportable, I don't foresee the need. What Devin Coldewey is announcing here is that he is not in the target market for an ultraportable laptop. And that's fine. Other people are. > Do you people not work in an enterprise environment? I sure don't. My office is my living room (and also my wife's office). I'm also my only employee, so getting purchases approved is rarely a problem. :) I would assume that one reason PHP seems faster in practice is that much of the typical grunt work of a webapp (what he calls the "web environment") is done in C for PHP and Ruby for Ruby. Er, not to mention which, anyone who wants secure commo can just use GnuPG and friends. The processing power required to do real-time annotation of the display isn't as close as the display technology. Tables are embedded in the Arc code for news.yc, as brett mentioned, but probably it could be rewritten in a few hours for a list-based layout. Of course, changing the layout would require an Arc developer, which is the disadvantage to not using templates. You may have noticed that most hackers seem to think web design is unimportant and/or should require a programmer for each change. > As a programmer, I can tell you I really don't mind that changing my website requires a programmer. It's perfectly convenient for me. That's refreshingly honest. :) Oh, so when everyone keeps saying the cake is a lie, they mean "CSS" by "the cake"? I expect that by "CSS layout", they meant "HTML which is laid out by CSS". I'll agree that that's the ideal, but I've also found that designers and clients are good at coming up with layouts for which it is far simpler to change the HTML than to try to contort it into the right places with CSS. I don't know. However, here's some hypotheses, some combination of which may be most of the reason: Even if depression and suicide attempts aren't more common, very smart people may be enough more competent that they succeed more often. Most attempts at suicide don't actually result in death. It could be that the easy wins in building a smarter brain happen to lead to a genetic predisposition to depression. It could be that smarter people are more easily able to internalize that there's no ultimate point to life, and less able to just have faith. If Dennett's argument (in the ordered list in that post) is stated accurately, it is obviously wrong. Having not read _Freedom Evolves_, I can't say whether this is an accurate summary, but it's clear that "to avoid the actions you'll deterministically take" and "to avoid objects" are not using "avoid" in the same sense. They have two "in progress" projects. I guess we should come back in three business days (say, Thursday, Jan 24) and see what new projects they're doing instead. ;) There aren't really enough submissions per day to justify that, in my opinion. No, because the majority of players are in the Asian markets, where you pay by the hour for only the hours you play. These players pay far less than $15/month, I would guess. > Maybe not, but a lot of people would, and there is no way you can prove to the cable company that it wasn't you. Er, in the scenario you describe, it was you. Just sayin'. > 50% trust pay pal, but enter the wrong credit card details. So you're saying that 50% of your potential customers are too careless to enter their own credit card details correctly? Yes, I know. I was just pointing out that he was reaching rather far for some of these steps. I would assume that anyone who has already made it past the filters of wanting the product and having a credit card in the first place is extremely unlikely to not only type the card number in wrong, but to let that defeat them in getting what they want, since they could just type it in correctly when it's declined. > Without middlemen (banks) fundamentally failing to understand basic economics, we wouldn't have a crash. That isn't necessarily the case. There could be situations in which everyone does the rational thing for themselves, and we get a worse result for everyone anyway. Whether or not a given market (with regulations applied, etc) is such a situation is left as an exercise for the reader... :) On Facebook: Found no results for: Atlanta YC Hacker News fans Oddly, I can see that, and was able to join the group, but it still doesn't show up in Facebook's search. Maybe they only index daily or something. Not much, necessarily. What if the guy(s) behind myspace had asked for feedback in a hacker forum in 2002? It's not clear to me that many would have recognized it as a huge moneymaker. As an aside, I'd feel better about modding you up if you didn't protest that you expect to be modded down. :) Er, "sell your friends" and "put a paid message in your personal stream" are NOT equivalent. I guess "sell your friends" will get more hits, though. Clearly downvote is now working. ;) > I strongly believe that client side state is the _only_ worthwhile solution; We need to accept that fact and get rid of continuations. It's not clear to me if you're joking, but in case you're not: there are some situations, especially in closed-system webapps, where it's useful to use a non-transparent scheme for resources. You don't want people to jump into a middle page of a survey or other workflow, and going out of your way to have the middle pages accessible via a RESTful scheme seems pointless and potentially misleading. Continuations or similar methods for papering over the "page" abstraction can be helpful, here. Even if you don't use something like that, you'll end up doing the same thing manually. I agree, though, that those who use this style typically overuse it and apply it to situations (like, er, discussion forums... ;) where it isn't really appropriate. Even YC gives a lot of money compared to Kiva loans. :) Since the comment to which I replied specified "American", YC's funding is already normalized for the startups' host country GDP. Yeah, Arc is explicitly version zero. I wonder if there wasn't some reluctance to use easy Scheme-provided functions? There are several places like this where Arc does something "the hard way" by using something already defined rather than importing another dependancy. If all the possible choices are basically equivalent, sure. That's clearly not true with hosting companies, though. > infix only works with a limited number of built in things Some infix languages have a mechanism for defining new infix operators. Imagine for a minute that I did read before I posted, and apply my comment in that new light. :) Here's a fuller response. You said: infix only works with a limited number of built in things, it doesn't scale nicely. i suppose you could change this, e.g. make # a special character, and then you can define infix foo then write arg1#foo#arg2. but like, that's ridiculous. no one wants to do that with functions in general. First, there are languages which have infix functions as a first class concept in the language (e.g., J, and I would suppose APL and K), so it isn't that infix doesn't scale. Secondly, even in languages which have the call() convention, user-definable operators can coexist (see logix, for example, which is an infix macro system built on top of python). Additionally, you don't have to have an arg1#foo#arg2, as long as you're willing to use spaces to separate things, the way that lisps, forths, and so on do. "so you really advocate tokens in the order:" No. Nowhere am I advocating that. Rather, I'm pointing out that it's not an obviously ridiculous idea -- people have implemented it, and some people like it. "i think not using infix function calls has nothing to do with why people are put off by s-expressions." I disagree; I think it is one reason. Curi, I'm not saying it's a good reason to dislike lisp. If I thought it was a good reason, I wouldn't like lisp, and yet lispy languages are my favorites (most of my lisp code has been CL, but Arc is interesting at 0.0). There are a number of possible solutions to your question about infix functions. In J, insofar as I understand it, all functions take either one or two arguments, but the arguments can be arrays, so you often get the effect of more than two arguments. For example (it's been a while) the form * / 2 3 4 would have the function *, the function /, and an array or list of three integers. J is parsed right to left, so the array is collected first, and then there's a modifier function '/' which takes two arguments: a function on the left, and an array on the right, and applies the function to each of the elements of the array (like map in lisps), outputing the new array. I don't know the details anymore of which symbols are what primitives, but J is interesting, in my opinion. Alternatively, for your example, you might do (a b) foo (x y z) ; or (a b, foo, x y z) ; or a b Foo x y z ; if functions have their own naming rules like in Erlang, or a b foo! x y z; # where the bang means call, or something else. Surely you can come up with 10 or 12 yourself. Some of these scale in some ways, and not in others; you could have a rule that you can only have one call per line, to remove ambiguity. That sounds rather restrictive, but so do Python's indentation rules when you first hear of them, and that works out okay, in my experience. I don't think any of them lend themselves to nice general-purpose macros, but I might be wrong. Also, a Steve Yegge "takedown", I think. Or maybe I missed the funny of the first section, there. ~24 hours? Interesting. I've used coffee as a sleep aid: when I really need to go to sleep at X in order to get 8 hours before some important event, drinking coffee at 4 hours before X seems to help me sleep, due to the huge crash between 3 and 4 hours after the caffeine hits. "S3 is still more reliable than a couple of dedicated servers, though " Maybe. I've had colo or dedicated servers since 2000, and the last time I had one fail in any way was in 2001. I move servers every 2-4 years to newer, faster hardware, but even so, my current uptime is longer than S3 has existed. I'm not quite sure if you really think I resisted the urge (presumably because I used "maybe"), or if you were being sarcastic. :) Requires high-volume untraceable payments (digital cash), which everyone thought was around the corner in the late 90s, but never quite happened. It could be the case, though. I've certainly had the experience of reading news.yc for a while and becoming eager to work on something, but it sure doesn't work that way for getting routine non-startup work done. "Of course "the September that never ended" ended two years ago." How so? It really isn't just AOL. I live in east Alabama, and geolocation of my IP almost always puts me in a suburb of Atlanta (except for the few that put me in Miami... not sure what's up with that) because I use an AT&T (Bellsouth) DSL line. I just tried Maxmind, and it thinks I'm in Roswell, GA. I'm in east Alabama. However, if it's important to disallow random access to the uploaded file, you really need to put access controls on it, and store it outside of the HTTP root. Obscuring the filename isn't enough. I think he has, but to paraphrase: The amount of work put into making the initial copy of something has no bearing on the license. Some people don't care about the amount of work something took, after the fact. The current rights-holder may not have actually done the work. The current rights-holder may have political beliefs that conflict with copyright. Anyway, if you're asking whether you should trust a third party about the license for something, the answer is no. However, you seem to be asking whether you should trust the rights-holder about the license they themselves used, which just seems odd. Well, either it has some features like that, or the pic is just an artist's impression, given that it has an enter key. Please use a toolkit that has Mac support. Thank you. :) New features for the adult-oriented social network I'm mostly working on, these days. For a site like jaanix or reddit (or news.yc), there's no implicit fraud in having lots of ghost accounts, as long as you don't include them in stats to advertisers or whatever. People come for the content, not because others are there. Hm. It still seems like consistency would fix that. It would make "doing it right" a little harder, but it could be done with no loss for normal users, I think. I think they meant "incentive to not apply late" rather than "incentive to apply at all". "When you or I sign up for a credit card, we freely enter into a contract with the issuer that has certain terms, which may include the lender's right to increase the rate of interest at any time. If that term isn't acceptable to us, then there is nothing that forces us to accept the agreement." People have to rely on reputation more than the actual terms, because the terms are nearly meaningless. If the card company chooses to violate the terms, it's not going to be worth your while to fight, as you note several posts above. In practice, this means they can get away with such things until it becomes common knowledge and people stop using them. Advertising duplicity is the only real check on such practices we have. It's not for Grandma, but there are a lot more technically-inclined Mac users than there were 10 years ago. If Apple manages to shut them down legally, these will have been a poor purchase, but if not, there are going to be a LOT more unlicensed clone manufacturers soon. If you max out the machine on their store, the result is $1045 plus shipping. Add in a 24" LCD with the same resolution as Apple's 24" for ~$360 with free shipping (found on pricewatch.com) for a total of ~$1450. If you price out the equivalent iMac (except slightly worse (320 GB instead of 400GB; 256MB graphics instead of the max of 512MB graphics at Psystar) the result is $2299. That's about $800 extra for slightly less. Of course, Apple's will be nicer in design, fit, and finish, and you'll get Apple support (and I don't know whether Psystar will provide equivalent support). Is that worth $800? I dunno. Hm. In some ways, I agree. I use an iMac from 2005 as my main computer, and I don't use the Mighty Mouse that came with it. I, too, would like height adjustment on the iMac panel, but side to side seems inherent in how light it is: even my cat can spin the whole iMac around by brushing against it. I haven't had any problems with the keyboard, and I've grown very used to its idiosyncrasies, like the always-on numpad, etc. Eh. Enough rambling. :) The VC was "in another realm", so presumably he doesn't fund startups like this one at all. Technology is the only thing that has ever solved social problems. You just have to find the right technological solution. :) I think there's a lot to be said for standardization, as you say. Founders who are just getting started have little enough time as it is, without having to come up with just slightly different answers to just slightly different questions. If that's their reasoning, they probably should have mentioned it, though. It might, but that doesn't mean that. It just means that Apache was built with PHP support, as it almost always is. Food has to be digested before it can be stored in fat cells. Also, if it's actually more difficult to digest a given food, then you'll get less energy from it, which means less stored as fat. So, basically, easier-to-digest means more fattening. I'm beginning to think I'm the only one who doesn't . Songs with lyrics are better for me than pure instrumental songs... I code best to europop and hip hop. [edit: and by "hip hop" I mean gangsta rap, not stuff like Digable Planets.] I think simpler is better. A single price makes it easier to decide whether to use the system at all. Of course, it shouldn't be too high, but I don't think $59 is too high. Why is it, then, that services seem to trend towards all-you-can-use at a flat rate? Even when there are lower levels of service (in whatever), they're usually ridiculously less service for a bit less price, which seems to just be a way to drive people to the One True Price that the provider really wants. I've got a month or so on you. Will you listen to me? I thought not. ;) I agree that, in general, a sentence shouldn't reflect confidence in the verdict. However, given that the US justice system has so many shades of each crime, it's actually not clear either that someone's either guilty or not... they might well be guilty of a lesser crime, which would approximate sentencing guidelines as preferred by grandparent. "Any moron can get around Windows with no prior instructions." Totally untrue. Give a Windows machine to someone who doesn't know anything about computers, and watch them fail. My parents bought a nice (~$3500) computer in 1998 and I set it up for them. From then on, Handholding Central. My dad couldn't figure out much on his own, and his wife was only a bit better (and only because she'd used a Windows machine at work sometimes). When they decided that they needed to upgrade in 2006, I strongly recommended a Mac Mini to them. They bought that, and it took about 2 hours of instruction for them to know their way around, and I get a LOT fewer calls now. Just an anecdote, but the point is that the fact that you've learned so much about Windows does not mean that Windows is naturally easier to figure out. My own switch, in 2003, was much more difficult, but that's partly because I was coming from Gentoo, and there were things I used all the time that couldn't be exactly duplicated ("select to copy" is something I still miss). "The real trick is doing something you enjoy to make that money" Well, one problem with that is that taking something you enjoy doing for itself and depending on it for your paycheck may cause you to enjoy it less. Possibly a lot less. There's a reason for the phrase "turned it into work". I started playing around with Linux as a hobby, and the same with Python. After I was making a living doing system administration and programming in Python, I found those activities far less attractive. Fortunately, I was able to find fun in things like Common Lisp, but writing actual production software in CL turned that into work, too. In order for something to be fun, it has to be optional, basically. I'm sure there are people for whom this isn't true; if that's you, count yourself lucky. :) To provide an anecdote the other way: I do small business software and webhosting in the southeastern US, and I have often had prospective clients seem taken aback when I mention my rates, which are nowhere near the rates being bandied about in this thread. If you choose to sell your services to small businesses, be prepared to fit into a reality where the client thinks $80 an hour is a terribly high amount for a 5-10 hour job, and is prepared to just not have the work done instead. Very little is actually required for most small businesses; some of them are still considering upgrading the old machine running Win98 that's been doing invoices for 10 years, and unless it breaks, it's "good enough". "without literals for the most basic data types like arrays" You know, I assumed that would bother me a lot more than it actually does. "Girl" doesn't imply age any more than "dude" does, but it does imply a bit of disrespect over, say, "this Django coder", in exactly the same way that "this Django dude" would. I wasn't criticizing; just defending the use of the word against accusations of misogyny, which appeared to be forthcoming. :) I haven't found a solution to boredom. That said, as someone who's been programming at home for years, knowing that I was going to go out at lunch would destroy much of the benefit of working at home. In order to start work in earnest, it's important for me to feel that I won't have any interruptions indefinitely. Today, for example, I'm expecting to go to dinner , and here it is before 2pm, and I'm reading news.yc instead of working, because it's really hard to start working when "I know I'll just have to stop", in spite of also knowing that I could get a lot done before then. Nevermind, I guess this is just a personal failing. :) All this hypothetical talk is very nice, but there actually is a wowbot that Blizzard has been unable to effectively use countermeasures against, called MMOGlider. They've decided to simply sue after repeated failure to solve it technically. I think you should show respect for others' beliefs, at least to the extent of not ridiculing them, except when those beliefs are themselves the topic of conversation. In that case, there's really no way to have the discussion without being willing to disagree. When talking about lies people tell each other, the beliefs are the topic, whether or not you believe they are lies or truths. If you don't want to have other people weigh your beliefs in such a context, I would suggest not mentioning them during such a discussion. There are beliefs I have which I'm sure most don't share, but which I don't feel the need to defend (anymore) at every opportunity. For example, as an atheist, I wouldn't typically go to a Christian forum and announce that God doesn't exist, unless I were prepared to have my views ridiculed. Please don't take this as meaning I think you shouldn't discuss your beliefs in this thread, but only that I think you shouldn't try to influence others not to debate you honestly by implying they're being uncivil. "Life has meaning." Actually, this doesn't fit here, because "useful" implies "for a goal", and if there's no ultimate goal to life, then nothing is useful. So "life has meaning" is just another example of something that is only useful if true. Ah, well. Where's the "conflict"? It seems likely that there are static arguments which will work whether or not you're warned about them, for game theoretic reasons. Average IQs would be sufficient to make his point. In my part of the world, "room temperature" refers to somewhere in the neighborhood of 75. "the test is particularly appealing to people with a certain personality (i.e. "hackers"), and that the test happens to label these people identically (i.e. "NT")." Isn't this the only claim that proponents of the test make? It's the whole point: people with different personalities are supposed to show up differently on the test. It's not clear to me why you seem to think that the claims for the test are actually claims against it. :) However, there's been a lot of improvement in things that need a stable foundation, like libraries and APIs and standards (whether defacto or more official). No, like some combination of an OpenID-like system and a search for auctions and similar things across many sites. Such a thing would probably have to include eBay to be very useful at first. Yes, you're worrying too much over this. :) "X times less" is a common shorthand for one Xth as much. For many fields of study, you can use CLEP, DSST, and GRE tests to build up credit, and then have only a few actual courses you need take to get your degree. Few people do this, of course, because most people would rather sit in class than let all their credit for the course ride on a test. "I don’t think our current copyright system is failing. I think that right now it’s working incredibly well. iTunes is proof of that. Despite the fact that anyone with an iPod could, with just a little effort, fill it with stolen music, millions of people are paying to do so. Without the laws we have in place, that would not happen." Since you assert that people need not pay attention to the copyright laws which are in place, how does it follow that they'd stop buying music if the laws didn't exist? I would suggest that the success of the iTunes Store in the face of various well-known sharing methods suggests that it can compete without needing copyright law. This isn't true in my very recent experience. I was recently (briefly; hired now) looking for a job in the DC metro area, and I find that even places that want you to primarily use Python or Java seem to also desire PHP experience, presumably because they have lots of legacy PHP code. My fake posturing would be easy for customers to spot, but you hear over and over about multi-million-dollar companies which started as fake posturing, and no one noticed until later, and people rarely care even then. I've been using vpslink.com for a few months for a few servers. One of my virtual servers has been rebooted without warning (which they say up front can happen, it's true) three or four times in the last two months. If I had anything important on that machine, I'd be somewhat unhappy, but it's hard to complain at their prices. This didn't match my own experience. I spent the last few years being poor, and I felt like I had to be working all the time. If I wasn't doing something that could potentially bring money in, I felt guilty. Recently, I moved to the DC area and got a salaried job. Even though I've had a 4 hour (total) commute each day, I actually feel like I have more free time and am more relaxed than I did when I was making one third to one fourth as much, mostly because I'm not freaked out about money at all times. That's probably much of the reason that people report being happier: if you've made less than 10K so far in 2008, and don't know when your next check will come in, or from whom, your life is going to be pretty stressful. If you have a steady >50K job, any monetary problems are pretty optional. "Without users or site owners owning the copyright, there can be no reasonable expectation of privacy, nor of your conversation not being spread far and wide in various forms." The license is a red herring. If you publish something on the internet (whether by twitter, identi.ca, email, blog, or whatever), you have no way to positively control the distribution of that content. All you can do is take actions that tend to limit distribution, in many cases. Privacy is dead: the sooner people start living their lives as though everything about them will eventually be public, the fewer unpleasant surprises they'll have. I'll agree that coders, writers, and artists are all in the same position: what we produce is easily copied, so relying on difficulty of copying for our revenue stream is a bad idea. I'm not sure why you make a distinction between coders and those other groups, here. Also, while I appreciate that this is ultimately the same issue as the death of privacy, there seem to be a lot of people who want to both strengthen privacy laws and abolish copyright. In this sense, you're less confused than that group, anyway. :) Why bother with redefining someone else's term for your own use? It seems more straightforward to come up with your own term, if the concept doesn't match in the first place. Belief in God and belief in Santa Claus are not equivalent. There is no reason inherent in usual descriptions of Santa Claus that one would expect him not to show up on radar, for example, so you can take his absence as evidence of nonexistence. While there are a lot of specifics in the Bible that can be similarly tested, the usual view of (non-fundamentalist) Christians today is that the miracles and such aren't necessarily literal, so there's nothing to test: belief in God-the-Creator is a given, and no amount of evidence or reason can legitimately sway a believer to disbelieve, or a non-believer to believe. There is some confusion here, I'll agree. I made the argument earlier in this thread that not only do we have no tests to prove or disprove theism, we cannot have any such tests, because theism and atheism are statements about what's beyond our (philosophical) universe. Any god you can formulate a test for isn't really God-the-Creator-of-All in the first place. So, belief in God, or the lack thereof, is just an assumption. This assumption will influence your actions, of course, and belief or the absence of it may well be beneficial or harmful. Either you live your life as if God exists, or you don't. If you don't, you might as well call yourself an atheist... and that's why I do. Indeed; I'm familiar with this. If you believe in the Christian God, it's possible to rationally assert that no test can prove Him, but that after death everyone will know that He exists. The simulation argument, linked to recently here, I believe, has much the same features without the religious baggage: there is no experiment you can do which will provide direct evidence that you are, or are not, in a simulation. In the extreme case, the simulators could just stop the sim, back up, and change the outcome of the experiment (or just your perception of the outcome), and continue on. However, it might still be important to your future survival whether you act as though you are or are not in one, in either case. PHP has a lot of functions that actually take away lots of pain, but you have to know they're there. If only this fellow had found implode(), he wouldn't have needed to write enumerate(). I was a PHP hater for years, but I find that for certain types of problems, it really is the right solution. [Edit, later: and you can (and should) paper over some of his other complaints. PHP isn't a great language qua language, but it has such great penetration that it almost doesn't matter.] I'd say it's super-social. Anti-social is where you actively avoid meeting new people, not go out of your way to meet them. :) If creating a new language that looked like PHP/C/Java/etc, you could use {} for both blocks and arrays (and assoc arrays, like PHP) by making blocks a special case of arrays, conceptually. Then {0; 1; 2; 3;} would be an array of four elements, and as a bonus it would free up [] for something else. :) Sure. Social networking sites like the one in my user profile. Pretty much any site where the building of the site would be fairly trivial in any language, and scaling is the problem: with PHP, you can start it on any cheap host and port it in minutes to better servers, because you don't have to worry so much about setup. If the idea itself is innovative, but there's nothing interesting about the code that the site runs on, PHP is an excellent candidate. I've built sites (some for clients, some of my own) in a bunch of languages, and there's a certain amount of tradeoff between setup/installation and actual coding. For whatever reason, languages which are more fun or more productive to code in require more setup time, and are likely to be already installed on a random new server almost exactly in reverse proportion with how fun/productive they are. It's eerie. Weird php.ini settings can almost always still go in the directory with the php files, so just copying the directory automagically makes everything work right. Some settings don't work this way, of course, but I'm not sure which those would be, offhand. If you're using Python, for example, you're probably also using some framework... for years I used Webware for Python, and more recently web.py. Both require careful attention to get working in a convenient fashion, in my opinion. Also, stressing about money for a few years will keep you happier with whatever job you have next, if it has a steady paycheck. :D I'm working at a job with a steady paycheck for the first time since early 2001, and it's awesome . This suggests that liposuction is actually an important step if you want to keep fat off. My guess would be that that won't happen any more than limbs get regrown. Of course, my guess is pretty worthless. :) For people who aren't already using a BlackBerry, the Bold just doesn't even seem like a competitor. I'll be a first-time smartphone buyer shortly, and it's difficult to see why I'd want to buy a handheld computer with such a tiny screen. I'm far more likely to want to browse the web and watch video on my smartphone than type a novel, so a separate keyboard is pretty unimportant, but the screen is one of the most visible and important parts of a first impression, and the iPhone seems to have a bigger screen than anything competing with it. Even with the problems I'm hearing it has, it's hard to justify dropping money on something with a significantly smaller viewing area. Leaving aside whether pirates would pay for the item, the idea that someone has a right to future sales is wrong. The guy who opens a competing business "hurts" Best Buy in exactly the same way that a pirate does, but this doesn't mean that he's actually taken anything from them, because they don't own future sales -- they only hope to eventually own them. [Edit: but, reading down the page, I see that pg already made a similar point more concisely. Oh, well. :) ] "And the stress involved in working for myself is so much less that that of working for a PHB... I could never go back." I found this to be exactly the reverse in my case. Even when the company I work for has problems with payroll, the stress is trivial compared to the stress of running my own business. I'm working an 8-5 job right now after years of startup/small-business life, and ~45 hours a week feels like a constant vacation. I really, really hope this is true. :) Nuclear-weapon suppression field, anyone? Still, the idea that low energy EM can affect nuclear decay even that strongly suggests new physics that might lead to more EM-nuclear coupled devices. I'm sure it's far too early for reasonable speculation, but I'm excited. :) Given that the nuclear batteries for various outer-system probes still work properly, I think it's far less likely that an increase is possible. Standard decay rates seem likely to be close to the maximum possible, since only slowing was reported. I'm not sure if anyone's used nuclear-powered spacecraft closer to the sun; it doesn't seem likely, since solar power is plentiful there. More likely to produce interesting results in a timely fashion, eh? :) Er, no. There should be a way to actually secure one's phone. Not every phone does, but even those that do often have so few numbers in the PIN that it's basically window dressing security. Are there phones that have 7-10 digit PINs? For a one night stand, that's fine, I guess. Or maybe you change your PIN every day? :) Even if you do that, your partner will get lucky once every coupla weeks or so. Anyway, I'm not advocating keeping secrets from your partner, but for people who depend on keeping secrets on their phone, (at least) most phones today do not have anything other than playtime security. Hackers are usually driven by that which is interesting. Some people, however, are more driven by that which makes them feel that they've accomplished something. While boredom precludes my doing something like this well, I can admire the doing. :) "I was a college football player and could put 375lb above my head, squat over 500lb and bench press 225lb over 30 times." and then "Real speed and strength comes from complete relaxation and not tension, which weight lifting only promotes." May we assume, then, that now that you don't lift weights, you can squat and bench more? No? Maybe it isn't a good idea to use "strength" to mean something other than what everyone else means by it. "if that is you metric of health" You were previously talking about "strength" rather than "health". At least, you used the word "strength," so I assumed that was what you meant. If you meant to be talking about general health, then that's very different, and I don't have much to say on it. :) Well, "viable" precludes that in many cases, like most national elections in the US. I'm not sure I'd call that "viable", either. The vast majority of revolutions do not accomplish their goals, even if you only count the revolutions that succeeded in overthrowing an existing regime. The US War for Independence is remarkable in large part because it actually worked and the result was more freedom (for a while), rather than less. However, speaking as an anarchist, not all anarchists are against institutions in general. That is, all anarchists (I believe) would say they're against the State, but some anarchists include more than some of us would in that term. But it didn't happen. No private organization ever produced something on the scale of the gulag or the Nazi concentration camps, even in places where government was very weak. "So what is to be done?" I don't know. It's possible for someone to be almost completely free now, if they have enough money and are familiar with the tools required (crypto, etc). My hope is that increasing technology will prove too disruptive for government as we know it to continue to be effective at protecting its local monopolies, but it doesn't seem like a sure thing, and with higher tech comes higher numbers of existential threats (biowarfare, etc). I can get along on a Mac with only one mouse button, but I find that I really do prefer a three-button scroll mouse, which looks very out of place while I use it with my iMac. :) I've done this, and find that it works really poorly for me. If I'm not going to bed at roughly the same time and getting up at roughly the same time, I just stay muddled all day, even when I'm technically getting ~8 hours. If I stay on a schedule, I wake up without an alarm after 6-7 hours and I'm fully awake all day. Isn't it the common wisdom that China will become more belligerent as that shortage intensifies? You can't hurt the feelings of the dead. I would sooner speak ill of a dead person than (an equally deserving) living person, for multiple reasons, first among them being that people can and do change. Wow. This seems useful, if it's the only clock you have (and, of course, if you have this problem). Unfortunately, we're all surrounded by clocks. Or maybe just I am. I can see three (including the upper-right OS X clock) from where I sit, and every cellphone has a clock, too. Not only that, it takes talent. I've been doing HTML/CSS for years, and I still have no idea how to design something great, because I can't visualize what I want -- I only know what I like or don't like after I see it. Havenco is gone . They never had more than a few servers hosted there (I managed one of them back in 2001-2002), and as far as I know, they aren't accepting new orders. They had pretty constant problems when they were up, due basically to not having the funding required to do what they were doing. Ryan Lackey, the former CTO of Havenco, had a postmortem of the company up for a while, but it seems to be gone right now. Care to explain why you don't want people having control over their memories? Well, that's how technology works. It's a rare device or procedure which can't be used as part of some nefarious plan, but that's no reason to ban or suppress the devices or procedures. Easily solved by using '!!' instead of '!'. But it doesn't matter to me. I like to complain about PHP while using it, and I get a lot of stuff done in PHP, but I don't really care about it. You can, but I can't think of any reason to do so, which is why I mentioned it. Obviously I can't be sure , but I think the level of success had by nonproliferation of nuclear technologies is indicative of what we could expect from that, and I don't see any strong evidence of it. > generated code Not a problem: either the PHP generated is only safe for a particular version, or they can add parenthesis to distinguish the cases. > to convert stuff to explicit true/false I suppose. That would seem like a surprising use to me, and would merit an explanatory comment, but given that, it might be better to just explicitly cast ("(bool)$name"), which saves the comment, and only adds four characters over "!!$name". I would naively expect every single expression to be surrounded by parenthesis by default, implemented in the lowest level writeExpression() function or whatever. But I've never written a translator, so... I would assume that the first would be different than the second two, in the case that !! was some other operator. It's not clear to me whether other cases in which there are double-character operators tolerate having whitespace between them. Is "$name++" the same as "$name+ +", or is the latter an error, or neither? I can't be bothered to check right now. :) Er, their first unlock. I've seen several forum posts about people unlocking their G1s already. Anyone know a reputable source for buying a G1 full price? My experience attempting to sign up with T-mobile a few days ago has lost me as a customer for them. Well, they want you to have had service with them (on some contract, not necessarily the G1 contract) for three months, first. If you buy the G1 locked from some third party, you may not have that option. Well, in a sense you're right... Checks usually "clear" in a day or two, but most banks have antiquated standards for how long they keep the funds on hold. My current bank keeps checks in my account uncleared for eight (8) business days (except for the first $100), and this policy means I never deposit checks -- instead I go to the bank it was drawn on and cash it. Bank tellers, whom you would think would be used to large stacks of cash, still seem to get flustered when you present a single-digit-thousands check and ask for cash. Dunno why. Anyway, the biggest problem with the checking system is that banks have six months to bounce a check, which means that checks you've forgotten about for months can suddenly make your bank balance go negative. Fun. The second biggest problem is that there's no real security in the system at all.., people jealously guard their debit card PINs, but will happily write a check which is effectively a license to take money, of any amount, out of the account it's drawn on. All someone has to do is use the routing and account numbers on the bottom of the check for electronic ACH. Basically, checks are a bad idea today, and you should probably avoid using them when possible. I was under the impression that no apps on the iPhone could run in the background. Well, if property q is important enough, it's wise to adjust expected outcome on it to some degree even if you don't yet know if the rest of set X has that property. When you combine things like your first point and things like your third, it's hard to tell if you're being facetious. I'll assume you are for now. I don't think so. They successfully predicted quite a few elections on Tuesday. I think it's a statistics error to group them into a single datum simply because they were all held on the same day. I hope you eventually come to realize that people who disagree with you are not necessarily stupid. "Notice how it would be very uncomfortable for two people to live in any of these places." Two unrelated people, maybe. A married couple wouldn't have any trouble (unless the marriage itself was having trouble, of course). "The day hardware is free, is a very very sad day for programmers." It may be a sad day for those of you who program primarily for the challenge, but for those of us who want to get stuff done, it'll be a joyous day. :) Yeah, I went through his link to scribd and found only a single scroll bar, on the right. The only actually annoying thing I found about the interface in my short visit with it was that the scroll wheel didn't work, and I almost always use the scroll wheel quite a lot in documents. Pournelle is the guy who said, in the 80s, "By 2000, anybody will be able to get the answer to any question (for which there's a known answer)." (Possibly a paraphrase; I stopped looking when I found a quote). "They should be able to walk into the interview and tell me to within $5K precisely what they should be making." I think this only works for average hires. People who are more competent than average often don't understand that they are; to them, it just seems like they've had the bad luck to work with incompetents so far. If you're actively looking for average people to fill up a roster, that's fine, then, but if you really want the most competent people you can find (as evidenced by your "if you can justify $200K/yr" comment), you're either going to have to pay what they're really worth independently of what they think they're worth, or risk losing them to the first hirer that is willing to do so. Why would googling a potential hire make him a scumbag? I've never hired anyone I didn't already know, but it seems to me that I wouldn't be willing to hire someone without actually doing a little research on them. Candidate-supplied eferences are supposed to be about character, but all they can really tell you is if the candidate was smart enough to only give references who would say good things about him, it would seem. Restraint. Yes. I've worked in fast food, and as a cashier at a convenience store, and in both cases, those who were better at the job preferred busier times ("It makes the day fly by, doncha think?"). "The purpose of the committee is presumably to ensure that the company doesn't waste money. And yet the result is that the company pays 10 times as much." Well, only if they still buy every product, which would defeat the purpose of having a gatekeeper committee. If, instead, the committee approves only 1 in 25 products that would otherwise have been bought, the committee saves them money (leaving aside the cost of the time of the committee-members). Since any time he brings up the SEC someone will bring up his own troubles with them, it seems to me as though bringing them up at all would be a poor strategy for diverting attention away from said troubles. "Free markets dissolve the concept [of fairness]." Some would say that free markets implement the concept of fairness. Of course, there are no free markets in the world today, to a first approximation, since all the prices and outcomes are distorted by external agencies, so whether free markets are fair is a bit academic. The "full responsibility" thing means I will never introduce anyone, save possibly my own children. You maximize your profit as a proxy for maximizing your utility (and some people choose less profit because "helping others" boosts their utility more). Since we're both maximizing our utility in a free market, it's arguable that the outcome of our transaction is maximum fairness, or at least a local maximum of fairness. Someone who makes 12K US a year in the American South can easily live better in almost every material way than most nobility could even a few hundred years ago. More food choices (and at least as abundant food), more chances to travel (by driving), and such a vast array of entertainment choices that it would be inconceivable to people whose might see a bunch of concerts and plays every year. Even the homeless have access to more, through libraries and shelters, than many societies' wealthy ever did. ...or very numerous. If wealth keeps trending upwards, then anyone who wants will be able to afford their own ship out, as the wealthy can all afford yachts today. I have lived on less than 12K US a year in the American south, yes. My 2007 income was under 12K, even including borrowing to pay the mortgage, etc, and my wife and I weren't uncomfortable (absent stress about where the next month's mortgage payment was coming from). High-speed internet: check; SUV: check; enough food that we were both still fat: check; a home with over 1500 sq ft and a third of an acre: check. The only thing kings had more of was power and land, and kings had nothing like the entertainment possibilities we had, and most kings had nothing like the variety of consumables we had. Today's (first world) poor are wealthy beyond the dreams of those from most earlier eras. I agree, by the way, that today's American poor are trapped by how much they do have. I would say that they're unwilling, for the most part, to give up the luxury they have for a good chance of more stability later. For most of them, though, this might well be the right choice: as far as I can see, people who make what I make now (around 75K) live lives of about the same happiness as the poor, but with more stuff that they mostly don't care about unless they might lose it suddenly. For someone who finds themselves making this after a few years of 10-25K a year, however, it's really awesome. I still haven't gotten over how great my life is, after half a year of the new income level. If you divorce all the products of consciousness from consciousness itself, then you could say consciousness doesn't matter. Also, any particular product of consciousness is easily produced without it. Given that evolution stumbled on consciousness, I think it's plausible that within the constraints of biology, consciousness is the simplest way to produce the behavior we associate with it. That's true, but most people really mean artificially generated consciousness when they say "AI". A few people, like Yudkowsky, really don't, but the original post here was about consciousness, not really powerful optimization processes. "better suited for a philosopher rather than a biologist" just means that not enough is known about the subject to speculate usefully. Usually. I don't recall seeing implementation details in OB, and the description of that book doesn't indicate there are any in there, either. Of course, that's because the real answer is "no one understands it, yet". A bunch of jargon and entertaining stories can be used to show that some proposed implementation isn't the right answer, sometimes, but it can't be the answer. Of course Twitter can do whatever they want... the question is whether they should want to, in this case. One solution is to expose unique IDs and allow people to hang nicks on those. Using email addresses or phone numbers goes most of the way toward this (it's not all the way, since people could get an email address or phone number that someone else used to have, at some ISPs or phone companies). However, there's a larger, related problem, which is the problem of identity: there is no foolproof way of identifying individuals, and the more you investigate, the more clear it becomes that existing attempts fail miserably for edge cases, and criminal / fraudulent activity is probably the longest edge. Ah. That must be it. Thanks for the tip. :) "Rather, it means to realize that one has indeed done the one or other thing that was interesting, even if at the time it was just a job." This is exactly my experience, too. It's hard to "play up" what I've done, because once I've done it, it seems like anyone could pick it up right away; things I've done are obvious to me, so it's hard to figure out what to say about them. Actually, the same thing applies to commenting and documentation: once you know enough to write comments, it can be hard to figure out what to write to speed understanding when you or someone else next looks at it. There are two claims here: "POF is not really that big", and "Emergent AI clickfraud bots are causing POF's traffic". People who are treating this seriously are assuming that the first claim was the real message, and that the author merely indulged in some whimsy after. I think it more likely that the second claim, the joke, was the point of the article, but there's a lot less to be said about that, and so people who want to say something serious about POF are ignoring it. It appears he traded some immediate use for greater ultimate potential, if believe that much of PHP's success is due to optimizing for ease of use with Apache first. (After actually reading TFA, I realize that he actually did it as mod_v8 because he's an Apache maintainer or something). Wait... economics is wackjobbery, now? Meta: I downmodded you for calling the gparent a wackjob, and now that I've decided to reply, I can't undo it. It would be nice to have an undo for comment mods here, as reddit has. I would restate the claim as "Obama will take actions that make the US economy much worse than it would have been without those actions (which is what people usually mean when they reference productive people fleeing a country)." If you agree that it can be restated that way, then it seems we have a real disagreement over whether Obama's stated plans will make things worse. This has nothing in particular to do with his being a Democrat. Chile (or Argentina, or other South American countries) just happens to be under discussion in this thread; I would agree that if productive people start fleeing the US for economic reasons, only a relatively small percentage will flee to Chile or Argentina. That just didn't seem important to the real thrust of the comment, though. A lot of the most useful stuff has to be tied to specific implementations, if not in API, then in detail. Most of that stuff would be interfaces to non-javascript libraries. I actually get bored well before something comes together... as soon as I can see the solution, it takes quite a bit of discipline to actually execute it. Since I haven't yet highly achieved, I'd say that if there's such a link, it's to a sweet spot rather than "more easily bored -> more acheivement". Sort of a reductio ad absurdum proof against infinities? :) Yes, I am, actually. Not sure if I'd noticed that I fit that trait of INTPs so well, though. :) I didn't bother with the article, but I'm curious: what temperature circumstances would give you doubts about what's going on? (Not "cause you to disbelieve in 'Global Extreming'" or anything; just make you uncertain that it's well understood). s/from/while/ Ah, pop culture. A lot of people don't get this. When I was failing at running a small business in semi-rural Alabama, nearly everyone around me told me I should just get a job at walmart or a convenience store, even though that wouldn't have been enough to live on. For many people, a job seems to be something of a talisman, rather than a source of a certain amount of money. "'lame' is at worst light namecalling (and at best it is just funny jabbing; verbal teasing is a fine part of socializing)." So... the handicapped are fair game, but certain other groups shouldn't ever be used as pejoratives? :) Lots of words we use to show disapproval used to be merely descriptive, but became slurs, like "moron"; that might be a reason not to use them, for you, but at least be consistent. "the very idea of the nation state is disentigrating in the US, Europe, and South America." I'd love for that to be so, but it sounds like wish-fulfillment, to me. Care to provide links to more about that? I greatly prefer shopping online for those things I'm just going to buy all the time anyway (groceries, etc), but strongly prefer shopping in person for things that I buy rarely, or when I'm shopping to have fun. So it's the decline of nation-states in favor of even bigger political units. That's opposite the direction I said sounded like wish-fulfillment. :) Thanks for the pointers! Smultron (on OS X) for GUI editing, where I typically want a bunch of files open and their names visible at all times, and vim on the command line. On the Mac, one nice thing is that most editors and (S)FTP clients support the ODB Editor Suite, which means that such an editor and transfer agent can work together seamlessly as though they're part of an IDE. Ideally, price would completely capture that information. Of course, in reality, pollution imposes a cost on others, but it's hard to calculate the external cost, because, like crime, the cost isn't paid by the decision-maker, and unlike crime, the actual cost is very small (individually). In any case, there's no way to actually avoid all costs being imposed on others from your actions (waste heat, if nothing else), so it's unclear to me what's to be done about it. One reason I'm against such an attempt at a solution is that it would be very difficult to do this in such a way that it isn't worse than the original problem. "If a pollution tax was implemented I would give the money back as cash to every person in the country. So the money would basically move in a circle, but those who are more efficient will gain." Well, I'm predisposed against this idea, but that sounds more like an argument for than against it. If everyone's paying in proportion to their cost to others (a big 'if'), then those who cost others less should be paid more than they pay, all else equal. One problem is that if it turns out that we enter a cooling period (due to solar activity decrease or something else), it seems unlikely that such a tax would be repealed just because it was actively harmful (cf. prohibition). Brown dwarfs might well have moons... unless you call them planets, I guess... This is actually the thing that makes me wonder about all the data mining Walmart is supposed to be doing. If I buy a lot of something, shouldn't that mean that they'll be more likely to have it in stock, all else equal? Assuming that their data mining is actually working, I mean. With croissants, I can see where there might be physical issues (not enough capacity for baking them in the store or something), and not enough lost sales to justify the additional cost of rectifying it. However, for things like 2-liter bottles or 12-packs of cans, it's hard for me to understand why their software would allow them to routinely run out, every week, at about the same time. It seems like multiplying a single value in a database somewhere by just over one would fix this problem, but it just keeps happening, week after week, for years. That's inflation. Actual prosperity raises the metric of "poor", instead. Today's poor in the US can all afford cars and big screen TVs (to a first approximation), but that doesn't mean they're not poor in comparison to others in the US. "Is this a common view?" It's not something most people would be willing to admit to in public, but I do think that it's pretty common. The vast majority of people only care about things that either directly affect them, or fit into the tribe/team/us-not-them slot. The only way to have a mass movement is to directly appeal to self-interest, or to hijack the team slot. Since environmental disaster due to global warming or species extinction is at least decades off, environmentalists who want environmentalist goals to be achieved have, as I see it, three choices: They can say that disaster is nearly upon us in the next 3-10 years. This is likely to backfire in 3-10 years, of course. They can try to hijack the team association by making environmentalism into a pseudo-religion. This has more potential, but more downside, since if it goes too far it could result in a cultural mood that discourages solutions civilization needs, like higher-density energy and high-yield agriculture. Lastly, they can just try to build things that people would rather use, and which are better for the environment, such as the subject of this thread, the Tesla. It seems to me that productive people who are worried about the environment would be best served by doing that last, since it has more leverage potential, and since there are already a lot of people working on the first two. "For all I know, my brain is making this all up," If you're going that far, why not take another step: for all you know, the entire context that convinced you that you have a 'brain' is something your mind made up, too. Ultimately, there is nothing that you can't be wrong about. I'm not sure we do agree. :) I would say that there is a difference between an increase in the amount of money for the same actual wealth, and an increase in the wealth itself. One is inflation, and the other is growth. Growth can mean that everyone is rich by the standards of previous times in terms of how much of everything they can afford, which could be reflected in the prices for everything dropping. Universal prosperity in computing hardware, for example, has resulted in exactly the opposite of the price inflation you seem to expect. Being a hacker and a sometime entrepreneur doesn't mean that I have to think copyright makes sense. These are quite orthogonal to each other, and I would lose respect for someone if I found that they'd believed copyright invalid until they wanted to make a living off of it. That's an interesting and intuitive-after-the-fact observation. Thanks. It's true, as a commenter on this article mentioned, that successive children are (more-or-less) independent events, but that doesn't mean what that commenter (or our author) apparently thinks. If you specify that the older child is a girl, then the chances of the younger child being a girl are 1/2. If you don't specify which child is a girl, only that one is, then it's 1/3. This and the Monty Hall problem are just examples of the same limited-information situation. No, you've reintroduced ordering. "Announcing the gender of one child does not magically alter the gender of the other child." Nor is that what I said. :) Assuming you meant "chance of being a boy" where you said "chance of being a girl", I agree that announcing the gender of one of the two children increases the probability of the other child being the opposite gender from 1/2 to 2/3. The reason this is so is that some of the original probability was sunk in a case you've now eliminated: the case where there were two of the gender you didn't announce. [Edit: Jeff already wrote some code, and while I haven't bothered to review it, I assume the lack of outcry about it indicates its correctness. Care to share where he got that wrong?] Options 2 and 3 each still have the same probability weight as each of options 1 and 4. The question "what is the gender of one of your children" gives you some information about the gender of both of their children. It's enough information to eliminate the case where both children are the gender opposite the one they mentioned. It can still be the case that the chances of there being a boy and a girl are 1/2, while the chances of there being a boy after you find out about a girl are 1/3, purely because you don't know whether you found out about an older or younger girl. Probability is just a function of our ignorance (at least in this case; I'm not qualified to have an opinion about whether it always is). [Edit: Hm. Looking again, it seems Jeff Atwood's code is for a different problem he was also discussing, so nevermind. After considering your update, I think you might be right.] [Further edit follows:] Here's some python that essentially shows you're correct, unless I flubbed it: firstpickwasboy = {'boy':0, 'girl':0} firstpickwasgirl = {'boy':0, 'girl':0} choices = ['boy', 'girl'] for i in range(100000): children = [random.choice(choices), random.choice(choices)] whichchild = random.randint(0, 1) otherchild = 1 if(whichchild): otherchild = 0 if(children[whichchild]=='boy'): firstpickwasboy[children[otherchild]] += 1 else: firstpickwasgirl[children[otherchild]] += 1 >>> firstpickwasboy {'boy': 25132, 'girl': 25116} >>> firstpickwasgirl {'boy': 24679, 'girl': 25073} "But also, if someone volunteers that one out of their two children is a girl, then it's effectively-100% that the other is a boy, in real life." Well, yes, because saying one is implies that the other isn't, in speech. But we could talk about sets of two of anything that has a 50% probability. Just edit the original. This hinges on whether we decided ahead of time that we would only consider cases in which there is a girl, something which I didn't see earlier. :) As mentioned in another thread started by Eliezer, it's the difference between "What is the sex of one of your children?" and "Is (at least) one of your children a girl?". For the second question, the results skew to 1/3 and 2/3 because we're discarding the cases where the answer is 'no'. The light went on for me when Paul pointed out in his update that getting a random answer for "What is the sex of one of your children?" eliminates (an unknown) one of BG and GB. It's the difference between the situation where a child is chosen and then the gender announced, and the situation where a girl is found, and then the gender announced. If you started out saying "Is one of them a girl?", and only continuing if the answer is yes , then the probability changes. Almost certainly not more efficient, but growing plants can't use oil directly, and since we can supply enormous amounts of external energy by the standards of a crop plant, engineering them to be able to use it more effectively is useful even if the plant itself is less efficient overall. I took a coupla air trips recently, and in all four cases, the boarding took less than 30 minutes. Reducing that to 5 minutes seems essentially impossible, since some families would take more than 5 minutes by themselves. "The point of a fight is to resolve a disagreement" I disagree. If all that's involved is a disagreement, that's almost always resolved by a discussion, as you allude to later. If someone is spoiling for a fight , the disagreement is merely a pretext, though the person wanting to fight will refuse to acknowledge that. In this case, you can refuse, as your friend did, to have the fight, or win, or lose. In a relationship, though, not having some mix of winning and losing fights, assuming that they happen frequently, will usually have deleterious effects on the relationship, and refusing to participate will eventually be seen as loss. Most people are not you. :) In fact, it might be that you aren't really like this except while dispassionately considering things after the fact: I know that I, personally, like nothing more when I'm angry or depressed than to continue to be angry or depressed, and there's an emotional bonus if I can feel justified in my anger or depression. Someone (Sandra Tayler, I believe) once said that you can't argue someone out of being upset; the best you can accomplish by arguing is to make them also feel stupid for feeling upset. For most people, "explained why I was wrong to feel insulted" could go either way. If the friend explained that he hadn't meant to offend, then it might be that the upset would go away. This is a win for the relationship, but as the argument just evaporates, there's no win or loss for either party (unless you can manage to feel like a winner anyway, I guess). If he pointed out that you'd totally blown this out of proportion, and if you'd only paid attention / thought about it / cared enough, then you'd not have felt insulted, then this could easily seem like a loss for you, and a win for him. In my (sadly, ended) marriage, it seemed rare that an argument we had was really about what the words were about, though I often didn't know until later what the argument had really been started by. Arguments seemed pretty rare, though, and only at the end did I find out that she thought we'd argued all the time, and that I never budged or was willing to lose an argument. Had I known we were having these arguments (which seemed like discussions to me), I could have easily arranged to lose enough of them to keep the balance -- it wasn't that I wanted to win; I just didn't understand she was losing. Hence my statement about either winning or losing arguments too much putting strain on a relationship. All this stuff seems clearer from a distance, to me. :/ I did not know that. Thanks. Sometimes "losing a fight" can just be agreeing to do something their way, if the fight is superficially about some course of action, etc. I don't think arranging to lose a fight is dangerous for all types of relationships. I think a personal relationship is less likely to be damaged by that than a working relationship, since in a personal relationship, deliberately losing a fight is (or can be seen as) a sacrifice you're making for your friend or SO. The 17" TiBook was huge. I switched for essentially that reason alone in mid-2003... the fact that OS X was unix made it seem reasonable to switch, but the 17" laptop made me want to. :) It would probably go farther toward validation if " " was stuck on the top. :) And, since that's HTML 5, there are a lot of tags that don't need closing. I notice that ending your statement with a question mark seems to help in avoiding downvotes? Rhetorical questions are still phrased as questions. It was "declarative sentence structure married to a question mark" that I was joking about. HN didn't think it was funny, clearly. :) "If a user overrides a lockout and gets a new password, what is to stop the lockout process from starting over again as the attackers continue trying." Nothing stops that. However, if the password has to be reset to a random string every 20 attempts before you can do the 21st attempt (say, in a day), then it hardly matters how vulnerable it was originally. The existence of botnets does complicate matters, though, as you note. In general, I don't agree that this is a matter for site designers; the more we try to protect the users from themselves, the more it will be our liability when we ultimately fail (and we will fail in the end). I assume you meant "second" person. Surely everyone does this. "You don't really want X." "Dammit, Randall, that was a stupid idea." You don't do this? Yes, this is my mode as well. It could be. I have friends who live in Costa Rica, and, deriving their income from outside CR, need pay no taxes. They talk pretty often about how great it is there. :) "If your phone is on multiple carriers that collectively serve four times as many customers, it only needs to be some amount greater than 25% as appealing to get the same market share." If you measure "appeal" by market share, then this is a tautology. If you measure appeal by some other method, it's almost certainly false. I've had mine for about two months, and the keyboard feel hasn't changed. I haven't noticed that it takes a lot of effort, but I tend to press buttons much harder than necessary anyway, since my proprioception is poor. By the same token, I'm fairly abusive of hardware, and I was really worried that the G1 would come apart quickly, but it's held up very well, aside from the occasional ominous creaking sound. One thing I really like about the G1 keyboard is that there's a definite "break" when the key is pressed, so if I'm paying attention, I can tell when the key goes down. The physical feedback helps a lot for me. Okay, if your problem is with the benefits , say so. It's not clear to me that there are any benefits that are actually exclusive to taxed funds. I'd be willing to consider defense against invasion, but I'm not even sure, there. If they continue to be a private company, they can add automation as they scale up without adding so many employees, and achieve the same. Reducing (the percentage of) employees in favor of automation seems like something to do after launches are so routine that all the decisions have been made multiple times. Hm. I actually was referring to not becoming bound too tightly to the government (that is, "public sector"), when I said "private". I do agree that not becoming a publicly-traded company may help them stay small and lean, but I'm not sure that's a major risk anytime soon anyway. Wow. That doesn't sound like it has much to do with reading, specifically. Frankly, it's more like saying "nearly 25% of Americans are well below average intellectually", which doesn't even seem very remarkable if the top of the curve isn't especially flat. I believe that he's saying you shouldn't pay people well enough that they'll stay even if they really dislike the work. Instead, find someone who's excited about the work,and then find out how much they want. There's a lot I don't know about business, but here's an idea I haven't heard of: pay people very little, but with immediate raises. I think the common wisdom is to avoid raises until you have revenue, but if you're going to spend, say, 60K/yr on someone and have funding for one year, you could structure the 60K in such a way as to provide 5 or 10 percent increases in paycheck for the entire year. Since people are happier about getting a raise than having any given amount, this might maximize payroll satisfaction. Actually, my idea was to promise the pay increases. This assumes that knowing you're going to get them won't affect the joy of getting them very much. But that could be wrong. Also, the idea is not to prompt working harder because people actually think they're getting raises, but to make people you've already hired happier, on the assumption that happier people produce more/better. "What do you do if, halfway through the year, the corporate board tells you to cut spending?" Whatever you would otherwise have done. If you have to lay people off, you lay people off. Since the yearly pay is known in advance, the only odd bit is the schedule of payments... if you have to lay someone off, you've actually spent less than you would have if all their paychecks are the same. But the details of all this aren't really the point -- I'm sure they could be worked out, if someone wanted to try it. I may if I hire employees at some point. Paying partly in equity seems nice, but it seems even less sustainable than distributing an employee's paycheck unevenly. "So all that easiness of PHP is all wrong. If you want to do it right, it's not easy." However, much of the time getting people to do it at all is harder than getting them to do it right after they're doing something. PHP makes it easy to start doing something and see results, and that immediate reward prompts those who wouldn't otherwise get that far. A coupla weeks ago, tptacek made this point, and I think it applies here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=418157 [Edit: to be clear, tptacek may not have specifically been talking about PHP, but about the fact that writing lots of code is an indicator of total usefulness even if the code is currently bad or inappropriate.] Note that the parent comment to yours mentioned an example where letting the market sort out airline safety works . Your comment suggests that you believe people should be forced by the FAA to travel on lower cost airlines even if they would avoid them due to poor safety reputation. I assume, instead, that you're implicitly excluding any non-price information from "market forces" even when people are making decisions based on it, but that's incorrect. I think conflating pirates and governmental invasion misses the point. If pirates attack, you can shoot them (and modern-day pirates, at least, seem easily deterred by bigger guns). If a state attacks, such as what happened with Tonga, you're likely to be attacked by other states if you successfully defend yourself. "Verdict: today is an interesting meatspace reminder to check your edge cases." Actually, it's also a reminder that, like plentyoffish, a working system can ignore edge cases and be incredibly successful for unrelated reasons, and only a few people will complain about the failure at the edge. :) If import cgi works for you, it's great. I love simplicity. I'd agree that they should. However, if someone's on the fence, pushing them in a productive direction might be something that serves our (well, pg's) goals, in which case it's not really about responsibility, but about pg's effect on others, something he will likely want to take responsibility for, at least to some extent. Or, to lift a more succinct phrase, "lead us not into temptation". ;) Encouraging and enforcing are very different: one increases usefulness, and the other decreases it. I don't really support measures that take away choices (I'm against having the site closed for X hours per day, for example), but I do support arranging choices and defaults such that the goals of the arranger are furthered. "and busloads full of sweatshop textile workers." Wait... you're complaining that you have to share the bus with other people who can't afford a car? Perhaps you'd prefer two separate systems, so we can reserve one for those who are just too cool to use cars? :/ I fear you're in for a letdown. You cannot steal anything with Bittorrent. Stealing necessarily involves the previous owner being a previous owner, but Bittorrent and other copying methods don't remove the item from the owner. Refusing to let someone get their files from a computer is more like stealing (though since the computer itself is rightfully owned by the new owners of ebaumsworld, it's certainly arguable that it's just rude, not stealing). A file is part of the computer it's on. "What the article really proves is that tables are not better than CSS." Well, no. What the article shows is that, for layout, CSS has one of the same chief defects that people complained about for tables (content and presentation codependence), and that CSS doesn't even have the saving grace of allowing the content to be in the same order people read in (in Western languages, yes, yes), as tables do. "Do your own research (and looking at the table counts of Alexa Top 100 sites doesn't fucking count as research, FYI)." Yes. Yes, it does count as research. When you see people who have done what you want to do, looking at how they did it is likely to guide you in how you should do it. That doesn't always work, but it's a damn fine start. I'm not arguing that it's not copyright infringement. I'm arguing that it's not theft . We Tablists * only have to point out one hole at a time to continue being right. Not restricting the statement just makes it harder to refute, since you have to cover all the ways in which CSS-for-layout is deficient, rather than just a single way. * Table-for-layout-ists is just too long, don't you agree? ;) "So far technology innovation hasn’t outstripped Malthusian human population growth." Er, yes, it has. There's more food/person on the planet now than when Malthus wrote. Exactly. It doesn't create value. Well, much value; I suppose some people might simply enjoy the work. The expected value of extra documentation for a possible lawsuit is lower than the expected return on just carrying out the business plan with the same resources. That is, it's almost certainly a waste of time. Well, if a person's Christianity doesn't affect others, then it doesn't really matter to others that they're a Christian, does it? Someone trying to control my life is exactly the sort of thing I'd want to hear about, if it's happening. :) Just an awareness thing. Since he was talking about malaria-carrying mosquitos when he released them, releasing them had a greater psychological impact than otherwise. When I read that, I assumed there was an implicit "if all goes well". :) I would imagine that most economic libertarians are such because they believe the economy, like the weather, to be too complex to feasibly manage. Of course, the weather may eventually be manageable with enough computing power, but the economy is unlikely to be, because the complexity of individual units is increased (more or less) proportionately to the computing power of the managers, in any semi-free society. I would agree that this is another reason, but given that I'm a libertarian for more than one or two reasons, I would suggest that there a great many reasons why people are libertarian (some of which apply to both economic and personal libertarianism, and some of which, like my statement above, only apply to one or the other). There are even some libertarians who don't believe in natural rights or natural law at all. One of the things that makes me fairly confident in my libertarianism is the observation that you can derive it from a number of arguments which don't depend on each other. I'm not sure how you could even measure "perfectly", since the market is the measurement device. :) This is an argument for mandatory crime/injury insurance. :) If only it were that simple. The metrics of "best suits everyone" and "most [economically] efficient" almost certainly do not coincide with today's populations, though I would say that the latter would probably come fairly close to a libertarian society (David D. Friedman's _The Machinery of Freedom_ is a book-length treatment of the idea). If you take a random grouping, finding an arrangement that suits everyone will be very, very difficult, or impossible. The only way I can see to solve this is to make moving to where you agree easier. Also, documentation is hard to find on the mysql.com site. If it weren't for google taking me directly to the page I need on a search for "mysql [searchterm]", I'm not sure how long it would have taken for me to find the doc I needed this morning on their site. It's as if they've decided to ditch the main community of their users. :) I guess the word I should have used was "arbitrary". It's going to be difficult to get all of my neighbors and myself to agree on all the rules for our society, I'd imagine. I have no reason to expect that they share more than the most basic assumptions about societal rules. In the case where we move in and open up a munitions dump, either we signed an agreement not to engage in risky behavior, or we didn't. If we did, we're liable. If we didn't, then it still may be that the folks we bought the land from had, and then they're liable, since they didn't make buying the land conditional on signing the no-risky-behavior contract. Otherwise, buying that land turns out to have been a bad call for everyone else. Of course, once the dump explodes, we're liable for the damage, but as you note, we may no longer be able to pay for it. Even when I advocate mandatory crime/injury insurance, I don't mean mandatory in the sense that I'm willing to throw people in jail for not buying it, but mandatory in the sense that I'm not willing to interact with people who refuse to buy it, or who are such bad risks that they can't afford it. Indeed, the full qwerty hardware keyboard was really a dealmaker for me with the G1. I like tactile feedback on pressing a key, and having all the screen while using the keyboard is nice. I was a little worried about the G1's "chin" at first, but it turns out to be easy to two-thumb type with it anyway. I'm almost certainly not going to trade in my G1 for a device that has only a software keyboard. My previous job was at a company that ended recently, with the last paychecks in Dec. It's not yet the end of February, and three out of the four programmers employed there are working elsewhere, for the same or higher pay. Everyone keeps talking about the economy, but here in the metro DC area there hasn't been much effect. No argument there. I didn't pay enough attention when we discussed it to find out if they're all working for govt or govt contractors, though I'm not. If you're not expecting that, and have mostly empty or invalid ID3 information, because you have habitually kept metadata in the filename and directory hierarchy, iTunes will destroy your library. Everything becomes Unknown Title 243 by Unknown Artist 14, and by the time you notice (because who's expecting an MP3 player to rearrange all the files on disk!?), the only way to fix this is by listening to each track and trying to figure out via Google what song it is. This happened to me in 2003 when I switched from Linux to Mac. I still get a little worked up over that, even though nowadays I just let iTunes manage everything and throw away the original files after I rip something. If someone appears to be attacking evolution, people label them a "creationist" and stop listening. But if some other label is used, like "darwinian", then people who are less familiar with biological sciences will listen attentively. Your "awkward" may be what others refer to as "cute". And by 2000, I presume you mean 1500 or less. Most people's bodies can probably easily adjust to 2000 calories at something near their current weight. In fact, for most people who want to lose weight, it would probably be easier just to keep calories/day to "about 1000" rather than trying to hit a precise target like 1850 or whatever their height and build should require. Of course you'll be in poorer health. You're losing weight, and if you keep it up you'll eventually starve. The process of "losing weight" has to be temporary. However, if you could determine the calorie count that would keep you stable at your desired weight, you will never be able to reach that weight on that calorie count (all else equal: no extra exercise, etc), because your body will lower metabolism enough that you'll level off above that. I have lost weight in a sustained fashion to accomplish a goal just once in my life so far (~310 to 187 at my lowest; let's agree that I wasn't fatter at 187, eh?), and it would have taken years to drop it had I just started eating 2000 kcal a day. Even 2500 kcal is probably enough to maintain 300 lbs if you don't exercise and don't actively try to build muscle. I parsed that as a modifier to the bit that followed, rather than a separate prescription. :) You would think Mallett would have gotten the scant few hundred thou he needs to test his circulating ring laser by now. I think I first heard of him and his hypothesis in 2001. You bother to cool your condo? The highs in Boston, per wikipedia, average 82F in the hottest month. That's room temperature . I have my thermostat set on 76F right now, and I wake up shivering many mornings. I guess I don't really have any content for this post except my surprise. To some extent, investigative reporting is necessary because we don't have video of all the events. As video recording becomes more and more pervasive, it will become less and less likely that a crime or the immediate surroundings were not caught on record. Of course, criminals will go out of their way to avoid recording (as according to the author's fictional crime series, The Wire, they avoid cellphones), but only criminals and privacy weirdos will do that, and there are a lot more criminals than privacy advocates. Of course, some investigations will still be needed, but even if there are currently no investigative reporters who blog as their primary outlet, other types of reporting has successfully made the jump. I couldn't find him in google just now, but there was a blogger from several years ago who was embedded in Iraq and made his living off of his blog and occasional freelance stories sold to other outlets (newspapers? Dunno). One objection to this might be that governments will just legislate against cameras recording their workings, which they're already trying, but in the long run, as cameras and other recording devices get smaller and become more integral to everyone's life, this will have no more effect than Canute's courtiers' plans to roll back the tide. I would expect that many cities could support a dozen independent crime/police bloggers, either via ads or direct donations. Smaller municipalities probably wouldn't be able to support any full-timers, but they may only need part-time watching, anyway. Actually, I'd argue that TPB winning would be a good outcome for the rest of us, but even if they don't, it's only a matter of time. Patterns are not things, and the only way to paper over the difference is to make it harder to work with patterns... but that's not the way technology is going. It would be good because it will cause far more attention than the reverse verdict, and there will be some people who would otherwise have feared unspecific consequences for sharing who will thereby be reassured. It's a PR victory for the forces of anti-copyright (and, to a lesser extent, copyleft), and a conviction would be a draw (there's no way that the music companies can actually win, as far as I can see). I'm interested to hear what you believe the endgame for copyright is, given that you think that those currently ignoring copyright are in the wrong, but that Apple, et al, should go non-DRM? I'm against copyright, and I dislike DRM, but I don't have anything in principle against DRM, as I do against copyright. Let me preface by noting that I, too, am a software developer, and ran/was an ISV catering primarily to small business from 2001 to 2008. Nevertheless, I am anti-copyright. There are several arguments against copyright, but the one I like most is this: property is necessary because two people cannot both (exclusively) use the same property at the same time. The idea of property solves this, and everyone can agree that that is yours while this is mine. The nature of things is that they can't be available for the exclusive use of two or more people. Ideas (copyright and patents, at least; trademarks are less clear) can be used by more than one person without any impact on others using it: everyone can exclusively use an idea at the same time. The reason for this is that "an idea" isn't a thing at all, but a category of things -- a description of a group, each instance of which is owned by virtue of someone owning the physical thing that instantiates it. In summary: I don't believe in ownership of categories of things, only things themselves. If you look at the origins of copyright, even its supporters didn't believe it was real property; it was purely a utilitarian attempt to encourage production of ideas by extending an analogy of property to idea production, for a limited time. There are still reasonable arguments to be made about whether it's an net economic win or lose for a legal system to include copyright and patent, and other people can argue that point better than I. I'm not sure where you live, but here in the US, I can go to most ice cream shops (Marble Slab Creamery, for example) and try various ice creams for free before I buy. ;) I think the vast majority of Americans didn't notice any restriction on what they want to do in the 8 years of the Bush administration. The biggest impact for most was probably added hassle when flying or opening a bank account, but even that seems minimal in retrospect. If there'd been a terrorist attack or two every year, it might have gotten much worse, but it turns out that there are, to a first approximation, no terrorists who have the ability and desire to attack US soil. Even Ayn Rand didn't think that Objectivism was applicable to all situations; she said somewhere that lifeboat situations didn't count, and I think this applies more generally to all extreme situations: neither reason nor evolutionary psychology is guaranteed to help you decipher the ethics of actions in situations which are extremely unlikely to occur. > how is that extra value imparted, if not from the labor (variable) acting on constant capital? It depends on the value and the valuer. A thing's value and the labor spent on it are not intrinsically related at all: a wild flower may be very valuable to someone while having required no labor at all. Similarly, digging a hole in your back yard does not automatically increase the value of your property; the labor has no value of its own. Value is entirely subjective, and can only be measured or assigned by people. Problem is, the houses are that cheap for good reason. > Supply for them exceeds demand. No argument, but my statement was shorthand for "supply exceeds demand for good reason", since "supply exceeds demand" is usually the same as "prices are low". Now, it could be that there's just too few people in Detroit for the property, but from other stories, it would appear that these low cost houses may come without wiring or piping, that having been stolen to sell as scrap or the like, and other forms of vandalism seem likely, too. I'm not saying that there aren't some that are worth it; I'm considering buying a house or two at these prices, myself. :) The iMac form factor has its own advantages which offset the extra power of the low-end Mac Pro. I think you either didn't notice the part of my explanation where I addressed categories, or wouldn't agree that categories are ideas. :) If I create a product -- say, a book I write in longhand with pen on paper -- the product is covered by existing law without copyright. That physical book is mine to do with as I please, assuming I owned the raw materials in the first place. At this point, copyright isn't needed: I could contract with those I allow to read or copy this book. Where copyright comes in is in asserting a right to prevent copying over other physical books which are sufficiently similar to the one I just wrote. I'd be asserting a right to control an entire category of physical objects, rather than specific objects. I think the burden of proof is on those who want to extend property rights to categories of things, as an analogy with property rights in things. I used to use an example wherein I pointed to the absurdity of a car manufacturer asserting a right to all photos of their cars, but some car manufacturer actually did that without widespread derision recently. About ideas/processes: if processes can't be protected, then what about a process which, followed strictly, produces a copyrighted work? Aren't copyright and patent isomorphic in this way? First, aesthetics are not negligible. The iMac has at least two fewer cables, is more easily shifted around, doesn't require finding space on the floor for a tower, takes up very little desk space, and is very quickly packed up for overnight or weekend trips. For people who need to take their computers with them a few times a year, but don't want to make the sacrifices or pay the higher costs for a laptop, it's useful. Just speaking for my own category. This is a common thing to hear at entry-level hourly jobs. "no medical studies"? That seems like a very interesting claim, but the article you linked doesn't support it much, instead just listing a few studies which found that specific vitamins failed to improve health in specific areas. That's not a good tack. I have strong opinions about murder, though I've never been involved in a murder. Sometimes there's a local minimum, where you really need to rethink the whole chunk you're working with to come up with a better design. If you're in this situation, which you can get to gradually, there's might be no easy way to refactor a piece at a time. But this isn't (ever in my experience, at least) because a super-length function is really the best solution, but because the design wasn't great in the first place. I dunno about 10 years ago, but for a long time now, you could just use a class to avoid globals and still keep some handy variables around. It's slightly painful (I came from Python, and I still end up typing $objectname.methodname() and then going back and putting in '->'), but not nearly so much as I used to think before I had to work with PHP every day. :) A single 50 cal. is a solution to piracy. Modern pirates are very poorly armed; they're just attacking ships which have mostly been stripped to a single pistol through law or policy. Well, there's never been this many people crammed into one government before, in several cases, and it's clear that some forms of government scale better than others, so it seems unlikely to me that everything that can be known about social organization with billions of people is already known. Without knowing more about you, it's still hazy... ;) Your saying that made me realize that was my reason for disliking the idea, as well. Sure, there's always a point at which it's profitable for criminals to take my stuff. The idea is to make sure I have enough protection or enough consequence-generation to offset the potential profit. I'm just saying that the vast majority of current pirates are poorly armed, and thus it's not hard to make piracy unprofitable on the level of an individual vessel or platform. It's not a permanent solution, but as that and other solutions become available, the totality is a long-term solution. And about your last point: this is a good thing. :) I can't wait. No kidding. I felt like a failure at 20 because I hadn't accomplished anything or gotten rich, yet. Now I'm 35, and I still haven't. :/ "I don't get it - taxes are a percentage of your overall income... so how can you have to work 6 months for taxes?" Well, if the percentage is 50%, then... More concretely, in Maryland, my last paycheck had about 31% taken from it before I got it, and there are many places with higher tax burdens on the state and local levels, even in the US. Add sales taxes, property taxes if you own a house, and you could easily get to 40% in the US. We're constantly hearing about how much higher taxes are in many other parts of the world, so 50% doesn't seem unlikely for some countries. The only reason that we can afford this much government, of course, is that we're all so incredibly rich by the standards of yesteryear that the losses have been sustainable so far. We'll see if that continues to be the case (my bet is that it will). "Seastead governments, having fewer barriers on exit for their citizens, will face better incentives to govern for the social good." If individuals do not own their own seasteads, barriers to exit may be higher on some seasteads. "Of course, it may turn out that technological progress generates new wealth faster than government can waste it" This has been the case so far in most places. It remains to be seen whether it will continue that way. :) A job in which the worker is nearly immune to job loss is quite valuable in and of itself. I don't know about DanielBMarkham in particular, but usually, being a parent (especially a mother, but fathers, too, to a lesser extent) does change how you think about things, purely from a hormonal, biological standpoint. In many cases, it can change your whole value system. Whether you view this as insight or the loss of insight is another matter, of course. But it's very, very costly to switch tribes for most people, so by the time they're thinking about that, it's too late. I think most people would rather start over with no possessions at all than drop almost everyone they know and try to make all new social connections. In fact, I think most people would rather start off with no net worth and their entire net worth in debt than do that. Capturing the first click on the search input destroys my usual form habits. I can see doing that once when I first arrive, but after that it gets annoying fast, as I have to click, then double-click to select before I hit backspace and type, which is the usual way of handling form fields that have bogus data prefilled. This is on Safari on OSX, by the way. Well, 2007, for me. But I built it over web.py, so I upped both. (Edit: and I've since mostly switched to PHP) Well, I was running a small business at the time, supporting other small businesses and small sites. Virtually all of the ones I hadn't written were using PHP, so as I fixed problems and added features I found that I was building a library of PHP even though I built all "my software" in Python, Common Lisp, and a few other one offs. As I contemplated getting out of the business, it dawned on me that it was going to be terribly difficult and expensive for all these small businesses to find someone to support and extend the apps written in various languages I'd used, and there wasn't anything really novel or language-dependent in the CRUD apps I was writing (mostly because my clients were almost all mainly focused on the look of the site and graphics, which was all handled outside the main code via templating, and which I didn't do myself). So I began to write new things in PHP with an eye to divesting myself of the client base and getting a "real job", as my friends and parents would say. This led, in a very straightforward manner, to my getting PHP positions when I folded the business and moved to the DC area, last year. This turns out to have been fortuitous, since PHP and Java are the main languages represented in web development, at least around here. Perhaps that was a longer answer than you wanted. :) Not reading past page one is a judgment. It's one I make all the time about various articles and stories. This works for other things, too. If you're constantly evaluating whether breaking the rules is likely to pay off this time, you're probably going to break the rules too much, or spend too much time processing about it. Deciding on a set of morals you will not break (except in extremis) frees your time and energy to do things that will pay off, at very little opportunity cost. Further, if you communicate that you've done this, either explicitly by discussion or implicitly by refusing to do things "just this once" that are wrong according to the rules you chose, you'll lower the transaction costs of others interacting with you, and thereby people will trust you and interact with you more. This is called "rep", I think. :) Not necessarily concurrently? ...and by following that strategy, you will soon find yourself out of sync with everyone around you, to both your annoyance and theirs. However, if you start getting up at the time you want to be getting up whether or not you feel like it, then sleeping when you're tired will eventually work. Unless you have some medical problem, I guess. Don't stay in bed if you're not sleeping. That just conditions you not to fall asleep when you're in bed. PHP will eventually peak. Rails is almost certainly not the replacement. The replacement will have to be at least as easy to start with and as convenient as PHP, not less so. I haven't managed to sell a business, yet, but when I decided to give up and get a job last year, I got a less intense (and probably less long lasting, though it's still going on to some extent now) version of this. The lack of stress after 7 years of never knowing if there was going to be enough money next month was palpable. I agree that it's not just the money; it's just that the money was what was on my mind all the time, because I was losing/borrowing money rather regularly for 2/3 of that seven years. :) I also plan to try it again, fairly soon, even. It's one reason why I'm working contracts now instead of full-time. He's already accomplished a very great deal, exactly by doing things in the way you say will prevent him from accomplishing anything. Of course, you may believe that this is incidental. I think that SAAS was inevitable anyway. You just can't control what people do with their own machines, unless they're not really their machines in fact, and that makes SAAS one of the few ways to make money from software in the long run. The main effect that Stallman had was to push openness farther and faster than it otherwise would have gone at this point, and to make FOSS a legitimate alternative to completely closed systems. The SAAS world is still better than the world in which the IP regime managed to turn the freedom to read into the war on drugs 2.0. "it is of absolutely no surprise to me that quick thinkers have higher IQs and I don't understand why it should come as a surprise to anyone else." It's surprising to me because I do fairly well on IQ tests (top 2%), and yet I think more slowly than most people, and I have friends who are at least as intelligent as I (it seems to me) who are even slower than I am at figuring things out, but they do eventually get there, and often surpass me. It takes me longer to find the correct answer than many other people around me in almost any situation where they do find the correct answer. The difference seems more like finding the correct answer more often, rather than more quickly. While quickness of thought can provide the illusion of higher intelligence, I don't think it can have much to do with it in the long run; it doesn't matter how much you speed up a dog, he'll never figure out lots of things a chimpanzee can figure out -- intelligence seems almost orthogonal to speed to me. I just moved to the DC area last summer. It's the web. There is no exclusivity, essentially. A short copy/paste operation will make people here happy, and you can still post your response on your blog, too. The only reason to only post a link to your blog response, here, is to drive traffic from HN to your blog, which usually seems unfriendly to those of us who are the traffic. It's still money laundering, I believe. Remember, possibly laundered money, like possible drug money, is guilty until proven innocent, and since they sometimes literally bring cases against the money rather than any person, there's little pretense of upholding the money holder's (whether they're legally the "owner" is often at question and depends on jurisdiction) rights. My guess is that vast numbers of first-worlders would die waiting for someone else (the government, the rich, whoever) to save them. Somalia was better than much of the rest of Africa by a lot of measures around 1999-2001, but things haven't gotten better since then, partly due to the destabilizing tactics of its neighbors, who seem to prefer tyranny or kleptocracy to anarchy, there. Hospitals, lacking some industrial use I'm unaware of. It's a natural consequence of uncertainty about the future. The idea that everything could change within a few years or a decade is now so prevalent that it affects everyone's medium-term planning, and heavily reinforces the future discount. You absolutely have the freedom to control your data. What you can't control is their data about you. You shouldn't be able to control someone else's data, no matter what it's about. He lives in Detroit? (I know this has been here recently: http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-detroit-h... ) It seemed as if the Slashdot crowd, et al, held him personally responsible for the dot com crash, coming as it did shortly after he talked about how weird it was to be rich (of course he lost it due to dropping stock prices, I think). When there's a large gap between an item's marginal cost and value to consumers, producers who capture a large amount of the difference are considered lucky or evil. This is an advantageous meme for consumers, and nearly everyone sees more individual consumption transactions than production transactions, so it's not going to go away, no matter how much more we drill people in economics. "They need to be somewhat expensive to not dilute the amount of valid certs." I don't understand you. The validity of a cert isn't dependent on its cost, though as you note, steps taken to ensure validity drive up cost. In any case, virtually no one is served by getting a more expensive cert these days, now that $50 and lower certs are available and just as trusted by browser manufacturers. The original idea that cert providers would verify actual identity has given way to the idea that certs only verify that the encryption really comes from the website itself, rather than some middleman. There's a place for business identification, but it's hard to do cheaply. Actually, it's hard to do at all, in a global marketplace. > and you're suddenly wasting so much time just trying to get all this stuff to work. Yes,I've lost hundreds of hours to this kind of thing. I try to do this, but when I go to buy socks, they never have the kind I bought last time. Instead they'll have pointlessly changed the design, or the color will be slightly darker or lighter, or they'll have changed from sizes of 6-8, 9-11, 12+ to new improved sizes of 7-12 or something, meaning I have to either have socks that fit less well or change brands, which means they don't match any longer... it's all pretty annoying. Lots of cheap, interchangeable goods are like this: if you don't buy them every week, every time you go to the store all the options are different. I think he was trying to say it wasn't more wrong, which carries a different connotation. Entities that are that big have big lobbies. Big lobbies give effective control of governing bodies (at least, in their limited scope); this is known as regulatory capture. AT&T was broken up by judge, not by Congress, so it is not a good counterexample. Scribd promised to be pro-active when attacked by the SFWA, which I thought at the time was exactly the wrong tack, for precisely this reason: once you've set up to monitor the system, you can't use safe harbor as a defense any more. Lifespan at birth or at adulthood? I thought it was accepted that lifespan at adulthood for hunter-gatherer types was often essentially of modern length, and it was agriculture that lowered it (while increasing number of children) until modern times? Wikipedia agrees with you, for values of "not very long" that are about 60 at mid-life. Since that includes essentially no medical care, however, I'm not sure how much of it is attributable to diet. I was denied an account at Wachovia in 2006. They invited me to apply again in the future. I won't. "Are these barriers legal? Doesn't matter. You still will be sent out the door without your money...and then you go back to the loan sharks." Wait, you're now arguing that the "loan sharks" are useful and helpful, after denigrating them elsethread? In any case, I agree that you can cash a check at the bank it is drawn on, and that it can be difficult. Because my newly opened account had an eight day clearing time, I needed to cash my checks and trot over to my bank to deposit cash quite a bit last year (small employer had no direct deposit). It was comical what lengths they went to to try to avoid giving me cash. "Are you a customer with us? [No.] Oh, I'm sorry." (But I didn't go away). "Oh, you'll need two IDs." (Okay, here you go). "Oh, we don't have that much money on hand." (It wasn't very much, especially for a bank ). "Oh, I'll have to get my manager." (in a vaguely threatening-maybe-you-should-just-leave manner). "If you open an account with us, we can cash this." (But of course they could even if I didn't). "We can't give out that much cash. Can you come back tomorrow?" (No). "I guess we could do a cashier's check for half of that [said doubtfully]. Would you like to open an account with the remainder?" Etc. The first few times, I was polite and firm, and eventually they recognized me when I came in and I didn't get any hassle. But lots of people wouldn't know that "We can't" doesn't mean they can't. It's hard to tell when you are on the inside. :)