They certainly already are.[1] The double-edged sword of encryption is that anyone can use it. With the recent paranoia of leaks, politicians now have a legitimized cover story for the use of apps like Signal, Confide, and the like. [1] http://www.theverge.com/2017/2/9/14561786/confide-messaging-... See a doctor. This isn't normal. The above poster is referring to the lopsided representation of voters due to the electoral college and the degree of contestedness of particular states. For instance, I can be comfortable not voting in California because it is so overwhelmingly blue that, in effect, my vote "didn't count". The same is not true of many midwestern states, where the two major parties are in a dead heat. I am currently dating someone who is in an open marriage. To be honest I don't know much about their home life, but they don't have kids and are still kind of settling down, finding their way. She is happy in general, and has exposed to me no complaints about her situation in life, aside from money. The pursuit of such an arrangement in her case is about really involving oneself in the life of another person, much like typical relationships you see today. She's a self-described humanist. Others may use it purely as a sexual outlet, but from the polyamorous/nonmonogomous people I've spoken to, this is rarely the case. I wonder occasionally if our situation is a way to hedge against those moments in marriage where things become a little more difficult. She obviously has more than enough love to give for both of us (and whomever else she may be seeing) but of course sometimes even those who give most can become strained. Likewise if things get "boring" or "monotonous", she can simply seek a new partner that stimulates her. Being cute and petite means she has the luxury of having a choice with relatively little effort. Tinder in a big city means she has a large pool to choose from. As a form of having new and invigorating experiences with interesting human beings, open relationships seem to provide everything you need with few restrictions. At the same time, in such a commitment as marriage, one has to wonder if it can turn into a form of escapism if left unchecked. I am curious if this trend has the potential to dissolve the current marriage trope as we know it into something more fluid. Nation-states still incentivize it with tax breaks because close-knit families have more kids, but there are likewise factors (like financial instability) that influence marriage rates in the other direction.[1] [1] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/soloish/wp/2016/06/06/wh... This is a typical refrain, but doesn't account for second-order effects. At first, the price will drop. But the ongoing supply will pile up and need to be stored somewhere. Storing stuff is generally more expensive than not producing it. So production downsizes, and the little amount of product that ends up being produced costs more per unit than the larger-scale production process, and so prices go up. Also, prices will go up at the end of this transition due to scarcity and an ability to weasel money out of people who will pay more to hold on to what they're used to. It seems to be too good, making the sounds too crisp and technical, rather than having a comfortable reverb that one can relax into. Here in Germany, all these bike lanes exist and function more or less as well as they can. Taxis tend to play chicken with you a lot, but they also respect your space if you claim it. The main difference between here and where I learned to drive (CA, US) is driver's education. Bicycles are not treated as second-class in the driving curriculum: you are required to check over your right shoulder every time you take a right turn. The presence of marked bike lanes helps reinforce this notion. You will still find those who park in or walk on them, which is annoying, but overall I feel safer here riding my bike than in the US. Same here! Deutsches Technikmuseum? Productivity has been rising steadily pretty much since they started keeping track of it, while the median family income has stagnated over the past 40 years or so.[1] Productivity is defined as the ratio of the volume of outputs to inputs, or equivalently, the "money out to the money in." If the money is not going to the median families, where is it going? It certainly isn't going to the lower class. It is going to the upper class, and is seen as a "concentration of wealth" since the money is all going into more or less the same pockets (the fuzziness of the wording is due to the fact that sometimes people die and other people become richer to move into the upper class). To come to the challenge posed in your comment, let's examine some other indicators of inequality.[2] The top 1% holds around 42% of the wealth. Meanwhile, the bottom 50% holds around 1% of the wealth. Doesn't that seem a bit ... unequal? Of course, to have valid concepts of "top 1%" inequality must of course exist on some level, but the disparity is staggering. There are 160 million people in the bottom 50%, and about 3 million in the top 1%. The average person in the top 1% holds about $2240 for every $1 belonging to the average person in the bottom 50%. The price of a $1m car to the top 1% is on par with the cost of a current-gen gaming console (~$450) to the bottom 50%, on average. Even without getting into the top 0.1% and their obscene amounts of money hoarding, this is a lot. We can go there too if you want. We could also just ask the people who arguably have the best access to such data: the Congressional Budget Office.[3] The graphic on the front cover is enough to illustrate the difference, but you can also go through the findings in the body if you need more convincing. All of this is freely available on the internet, and found with Google via "total wealth in the us". Either you didn't know this was possible, or you don't want to know the facts. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Productivity_and_Real_Med... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:U.S._economic_variables_r... [3] https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/114th-congress-2015-... As of 2013, the top 10% of people had 85% of the wealth and the bottom 90% of people had 15% of the wealth.[1] FRED says the total net worth of households and nonprofit organizations was $79 trillion.[2] The population of the US at the end of 2013 was around 317 million.[3] Crunching the numbers, we can determine that the top 10% had $67.15 trillion. If this full amount is distributed equally to every person in the bottom 90%, as the question states (let's call this the "kill the bourgeoisie" scenario), each person in the bottom 90% would receive $235,000 on average. If we wanted to forcefully distribute the money while leaving the people at the top intact (let's call this "blunt force redistribution") such that the current top 10% has 10% of the wealth, then each person in the bottom 90% would receive $208,000 on average. I would definitely consider this a life-changing amount of money. [1] http://www2.ucsc.edu/whorulesamerica/power/images/wealth/Net... via http://www2.ucsc.edu/whorulesamerica/power/wealth.html [2] https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/HNONWRA027N [3] https://www.census.gov/popclock/ Edit: Especially when you consider that this article[4] came out in 2013, a majority of people will be able to 1) basically completely exit debt and 2) start contributing substantially to the economy again. Not to mention afford college, afford healthcare, afford good food for themselves and their children, drop a whole lot of stress, and generally build their lives back up. There would be zero people below the poverty line. Who knows if the traditional refrain of "velocity of money increasing means inflation means collapse" would be realized in such a radical redistribution, and if a sudden and drastic shift such as that would end up hurting more than helping. We can only ever play the speculation game in matters like these. The numbers in the main body reflect also the worth of nonprofits. Not sure on the proportions on that one, but even if you take it to be 10% of all the wealth (IMO an absurdly high estimate) the number still shifts to $187,000 per person in the bottom 90%. [4] http://money.cnn.com/2013/06/24/pf/emergency-savings/index.h... >They would receive assets valued at 208,000$ at current (arguably inflated) prices, most of it not being cash. You might expect the biggest expropriation in US history to be somewhat upsetting to the markets. Technically true, but the path of this redistribution would be in the form of taxation and offered public services, which is extracted purely as cash. According to the Obamacare website, poverty levels are around $11,000 per person, scaling sublinearly with the number of people in a single household. If we use that as a baseline, we'd need to tax the top 10% about 5% more per year and redistribute that in cash or an equivalent value of provided services (education, healthcare, etc.) to create a buffer that effectively nullifies the concept of a poverty level. In reality this would likely be applied more as a progressive tax, so the top earners would be taxed more and more benefits would go to the people who are actually poor. This is running on the egregious assumption that people can only choose one option to make them happy, and that there are only two options to choose from. It may be applicable now for the most part (when people worry about spoiling the vote, they will support one of the two) but in a situation where other parties have a serious chance of gaining a seat and people have multiple choices they approve of, this theory begins to break down. This problem has existed long before the most recent iteration of healthcare "reform". People (real Americans!) have consistently voted in the representatives who are trying to undo a medical system that covers everyone because they are so enamored with the free market ideal and hate the idea of contributing to their country in the form of taxes. Would you please provide the exact law? MAPS[1] is a non-profit specifically dedicated to gathering and allocating funding for such studies, and considering how long they've been around doing what they're doing, I'd say they've figured out how to bypass the stringent requirements and remain on this side of the law. Full disclosure, I was involved with them briefly. The paperwork process needed to get the rights to run such trials lasts years, but they are eventually successful in making the studies a reality. [1] http://www.maps.org A lot of people in SV today are transplants. The process of exchanging keys will theoretically leak metadata unless you already have an established secure line. In which case you will not need to open a new one, defeating the purpose. Anyway, the most secure method of communication would be to leave all electronic devices somewhere far away and ideally locked in a solid metal box, then meeting in person somewhere where surveillance is hard or impossible. In the ideal case this will obfuscate all metadata including sender and receiver, unless someone happens to see you travelling to or away from the meeting place. This might be the most well-articulated breakdown of the tribalization of these issues that I've ever seen, and how unhelpful it all is. Do you write anywhere else? I'd be happy to read more of your writing. More ideological "free-market fanboyism." In a world where everyone has the money they want to (or must) spend, this is certainly true. But these voluntary interactions are unfortunately only granted to those who, before the thought enters their minds, possess the means to engage in them. The general trend that has become apparent for people who are not consistently able to engage in such interactions is that it's really easy to make more money when you have some, and very hard to make money when you have little. Any form of investment, monetary or otherwise, requires some upfront value to be presented. Usually this is capital. If you don't have this you are left in the dust by those who have the luxury to put that money up now. The end result is that those things which are valuable to those who can engage in voluntary interactions are supported while those that hold no value die from being crowded out. This is, from my perspective, the driving force for the libertarianism of modern SV: policies and actions which help people with money make more money will be adopted because they have the upfront capital, etc. to enact it. This will breed inequality as those policies in general are not helpful or even directly hurt those with less money. People will always do this. The goal becomes to leave the power in a democratized space, as socialism dictates. When labor members own their fair shares of the companies that are interacting on the market, they will make decisions socially and profit proportionally. Exploitation in its current form will be greatly reduced. Naturally any economic system bears its own unique issues to contend with, but these can be addressed in time for what seems at this point to be a net improvement in inequality. >the free market is economically more efficient You never specified your definition of "efficient." I can only assume that "value-generating at a high rate" is your working definition. If so, there is no connection between a high efficiency and a lack of exploitation. Exploitation of people via coercion, exploitation of a lack of regulations leading to concentration of wealth, etc. > You're using your own personal definition of "voluntary" which is not inline with the conventional definition. My definition of "voluntary" is equivalent to that of "non-coercive." I'm not sure that yours is the same. You speak about people choosing to use Uber as if they have a choice, and not as if they are coerced by the circumstances (lack of jobs in their field, outstanding debt, mouths to feed...). Your choice is to ignore these different scenarios and focus only on those who voluntarily take part in driving for Uber. This is a dishonest practice and does not reflect reality. > Someone being poor is certainly capable of engaging in voluntary economic interactions, and there's no evidence at all to suggest otherwise. If you have no money, then you cannot spend money. You have no value to contribute to an economy, and can only participate by receiving value at no cost, which never happens. The evidence is not needed, and is in fact impossible to provide, because this is a clear-cut deduction. If you think differently, you need to clarify your standing. > How is it apparent that the poor are unable to engage in such interactions when wages for the poor are growing at their fastest rate in history? Because poor people are poor... Having more than a tiny bit of something is still not very much. They can participate in more , sure, but is that enough ? Depends entirely on the context: where they live, what services are available there, etc. To put things a bit bluntly, most of the places in the world aren't very fun to live in for the reason that there's not a lot available and not a lot of earning potential to pay for what is there. Globalization still fails at the "last mile," with the exception of some supply chains such as Coca-Cola's. I don't disagree that some regulatory restrictions are making things hard for your everyday Jane, but the solution would be instead to regulate those at the top more, rather than regulate those at the bottom less. Using your hedge fund example from Brookings, the problem is not that other types of funds are not allowed to do the same things as hedge funds, but instead that hedge funds are allowed to do things that others aren't, leading to a massive concentration of wealth that wouldn't be possible otherwise. This is an uneven playing field but deregulating it only gives power to those who use force, physical or otherwise, to get what they want while leaving those at the bottom with little more than crumbs. I'm not sure why you are linking to those biases as I don't believe to have expressed any of them. Again, you will need to be clearer if your message is to be understood accurately. Hoo boy, this touched a nerve. How would you stop working for Uber if you couldn't get other jobs? How would you move house if you had no money to do so? http://alumni.media.mit.edu/~jorkin/goap.html One could argue that this perspective is essentially drilled into them (and likewise men for the stereotypical man things) from a very young age because we/they are surrounded by media, advertising, and humans that reinforce these desires and discourage others. How is the job market going to be skewed towards the employer? That statement needs some clarification. The way it seems to me, it would make sense that actually jobs would shift away from menial tasks (which will be replaced by automation eventually anyway) in favor of things that people actually consider a valuable use of time. You can't get people to do jobs they don't want to do if they don't have to do them . At least, not at a scale that leads to the situation you seem to be implying. If you had $2000 in your pocket every month why would you waste your time on a job that pays $9/hr? Maybe you'll find some people who take 5- or 10-hr/wk contracts so they have a little extra beer money, but it definitely would eliminate the need to submit yourself to the job market woes that currently plague the poor. People value their time with a money analogue, since this is a moneyed system we're living in, so you won't find many who will choose to earn less than what they can see themselves paying on a daily basis. Then the economic system that allows this to pass is unnecessarily endangering human lives. People and their egos crave control. With something like driving, you feel at least somewhat in control of your own destiny. Coming face to face with a shark does not afford the same sense, same with an unstoppable chain reaction occurring deep in a nuclear reactor and the ensuing fallout. How does one differentiate "expatriate" and "emigrant"? Why is the term "expatriate" only reserved for those who originate from Western countries? I see your point about basic programming skill and exposure, but it also doesn't help that often the requirements are inflated somewhat to attract better talent and keep the chaff out. Job seekers learn to discount some of the prerequisites for this reason. You are issuing a false equivalency here. The opioid epidemic is largely catalyzed by the fact that prescription rates are boosted because doctors are incentivized with money. Furthermore, opiates carry a physical dependency after long enough, creating a positive feedback loop. As a third point, the prescriptions are usually issued for those who are under intolerable pain and so the path to addiction is somewhat smoothed by the fact that they simply need to take that much of the drug to feel human again. Before you know it, you're hooked. Psilocybin suffers none of these problems. It would be more intellectually honest to compare it to something like marijuana and its uptake in society. Would you please clarify what you mean? > But we tend to hold tech icons like Google to a higher standard, and trust them much further, than we do with oil companies or banks. We have to if we want to overcome the cognitive dissonance involved with trusting them with our data in the face of such news as that linked above. If we can't trust them to play nice on this, how can we expect them to protect our privacy from snoops? Great advice for people with a disposable income. Some people just want to understand. Want to donate money to me so I can play around with it? Thanks! I have no income at the moment and I will likely remain in this state for the next two years. I am not sure that my savings will last me that long, so I am erring on the safe side while still being interested in learning about the current technologies. Not everyone reading HN has money to spare, or a job that allows them such luxuries. Not everyone who wants to study blockchain is interested in making money just because they can. Considering my income is $0, I suppose my statement was correct. Hey, a real suggestion that doesn't presume I have a job with a crazy salary and no idea what to do with my newfound fortune! I'm honestly surprised to find this on HN. On which platform can I try virtual investing? When you're a trained phlebotomist as the article states, there is simply no excuse for any negligence surrounding blood withdrawal laws. The police department would not send someone who is not trained in these laws and protocols or else the chief would be in hot water. You are making apologies to protect people whose job it is to know how to draw blood according to appropriate health precautions and legal precedents. Why not both? Send a message loud and clear that roughing up well-meaning and innocent citizens shall never be tolerated and will be prosecuted with a great risk to one's personal accumulated wealth. It would certainly replace unemployment benefits but certainly not health- and family-based welfare. Though the children could receive something like $800/month for the first, $600/month for the second, and so on up to the fourth which is compensated for $200/month. Anything above that will not be compensated. The diminishing returns will discourage people from having more kids just to have more money, and also will appease those who are afraid of "welfare queens" who only have kids to get money from the state. We know that the contingency of people actually doing that is practically nonexistent but it will assuage those who are still concerned about it. Maybe it's just me, but >some sort of busywork that has some social benefit sounds like so much more of a trap and a hellhole than hanging out at home with the potential to produce the things you love. There will be some who simply don't contribute at all, but think of all the artists who could contribute to social good through culture enrichment who are stuck in the stereotypical barista/retail/waiter job who have no time to contribute to their community outside of their two jobs. You think they are already contributing maximally? They will be climbing out of a local optimum (making money to scrape by( to pursue their global optimum (producing art that enriches others' lives and gives them a sense of meaning, and possible a path out of crippling depression). Edit: I should also include that "some social benefit" can be twisted to mean anything. One person handing out tickets, another stamping a wrist, and a third saying "enjoy the show" arguably provides social benefit but there is a significant opportunity cost involved with railroading people into these sorts of jobs. This is predicated on the assumption that goods are scarce. Are they scarce due to natural constraints or are they scarce artificially to drive up profits? Oh yeah, shit, how could we forget about that? Being a student is enough of a job, thanks. Your assumption that I should have a job on top of this, without knowing my life or financial situation, is evidence that people rarely consider lives apart from their own on websites such as this. >you can't expect police officers to know the law That's a really sad statement. The people enforcing the law should know the law . There is no excuse. We have very cheap digital storage now. There is no excuse. Too much of anything can be bad for you. Stretches of the Pacific Crest Trail are also unsegregated shoulders of Highway 1. >Law does not exist outside of interpretation. So I'm not very sure how a storage device would help. You answer your own question with this line: >You should read some "cases". I assume you expect me to look these up on some digital storage medium. >In any practical situation, you're not going to have all the facts While true in the abstract, it's rather dishonest to apply this concept to the case in the article. Police departments won't send people totally nonversed in phlebotomy law to collect blood samples unless they are not doing their job correctly. If they are not doing their job correctly, they deserve reprimand and correction. There's a reason that jurisdictions exist. It is to prevent those who have not studied the particulars of a subset of legal code to exercise power in the absence of comprehension of that subset. It seems you are approaching this topic from the perspective that technological progress is of most value. For others, ethical progress--that is, technological progress that does not impede on human rights--is of higher value than technological progress alone. >[I]s Raytheon's freedom to use a compiler as important as individual freedom? "As important" is a distraction: comparing degrees of importance with respect to rights and freedoms will always be a rabbit hole into which you will get lost as you differentiate infinitesimal cases in context. Freedom is freedom, and if humans are allowed that, that is enough. Which lives do you mean, exactly? North Korean, or others? IMHO, KJU has nothing to gain and everything to lose by provoking other powers into a forceful response. The erratic behavior of him and his government is the defensive tactic itself. The ability to cause destruction overseas is of secondary concern, and it would seem to be a negligible one in the face of a potential response. Trump employs something similar--act unpredictably and people keep their distance. Create the next sensationalist headline and people will 1) stop and think about what exactly is going on and 2) stay their distance. Do this enough times, often enough, and you're relatively shielded from serious threats to your power. Of course, there is a limit, but so far they both are acting within tolerances. There seems to be a big jump between being a "coder" and being a "software engineer." One slaps together basic frontends, the other scrutinizes over architecture and performance. I meant that, for KJU, he is less concerned about the ability to cause destruction than he is about preserving his seat of power. I believe KJU is more rational than he broadcasts, in that his motivations for acting the way he does comes from a plan to keep everyone at arm's (or rocket's) length and not out of some crazed all-or-nothing brigade. It doesn't seem sustainable in the long run, I agree. It's a matter of time until something off-the-wall happens. I also find it hard to believe that the US, China, and Russia don't all have sophisticated countermeasures in place in case a rocket is launched with a trajectory toward something important. It may still cause horrific damage, but not on the level of a megacity. Your primary concern is not his. That is my wager. Let's hope my optimism wins out... At this point one begins to realize that "Reaganomics" is more than just a dog whistle and actually had a huge impact on the working class. It's a twisted joke that Reagan was just inducted into the Labor Department's Hall of Honor.[1] [1] http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/347840-labor-depa... Unfortunately, without a laboratory to test such hypotheses, that is all that economics (as we understand it today) can ever be. Edit: also, TFA gives some good arguments for validity of the model. Interestingly, children as young as 5 show an aptitude for understanding overarching concepts of calculus.[1] This makes sense: it is much easier to talk about "rates of change" and "accumulation" in simple terms and show how they are related using models that appeal to children. We don't need to dive right in to the notation and algebraic manipulations to get across the basic idea. That can come later when children can handle the rigor. For now, let them play with it. That makes math a lot more fun and less draining, esoteric, impenetrable. [1] https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2014/03/5-year... The super-OP reeks of the common refrain, that >If only there were less regulation on the market, the small man would be able to make and retain all those profits he works so hard for! That's not binary data at all! That is data stored in a binary, but the data itself is hexadecimal. Why not use Pocket? https://getpocket.com/ The newest Firefox version has a fantastic "Reader View"[1] that strips and normalizes the formatting for easy reading, with larger text and a relatively narrow column. In addition to refusing to collect more data than it needs, this is a good reason to switch away from Chrome/Safari/whatever. [1] https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/firefox-reader-view-clu... "Binary data" means, in actuality, data that are only expressed using two bits. In common parlance, this means 1 and 0, or presence and absence. Using anything larger requires a different label to remain accurate. Information is about patterns in sequences of things. If you are displaying patterns in a sequence of 16 things (2 bytes), you are no longer in the realm of binary information. The information has a structure on top of it that makes patterns of 16 things meaningful, so that you can plot them on a 256-256-256 cube and retain or explore some of that structure. If I'm dealing with "binary data" (in a simple case, whether a light is on or off under certain other _binary_ conditions), I am not interested in patterns of 16 bits together since that constitutes some higher level of structure in the data that may or may not be important to me. At this time the indivisible atomic information bit becomes a pattern of 16 bits, not just 1, and we have left the realm of "binary." Personally, the term incident seems more general and less assumptive. What if the crash wasn't a crash at all, but a bump, tap, or graze? Maybe Waze users have an implicit threshold for posting updates, where a crash may not be able to move safely to the shoulder and so impedes traffic severely. I don't use Waze myself, so perhaps there is an alternative to "crash" of which I am unaware. Not sure how > a college that feeds most of its graduates into Boeing, Microsoft, and Amazon is in any way relevant considering she went there for > an English literature degree . Ironically, you're telling her, pretty much a poor person, how not to live her life by passing judgment on the > follow-your-dreams approach that she elected for in the comments section of a post discussing just that. One would think HN has more self-awareness than this. If she > payed [sic] her own way through an appreciably expensive college then it looks like she > took on debt and seems to have a net worth in the negative. This would make her "poor" during that period by any definition in use today. I agree that > she had reliable access to higher education and that separates her from a lot of other poor people who never got that chance. But this is not the only way to be poor. The perspective she brings is that she has seen both sides: being able to financially handle what life threw at her before and during university, and having a negative net worth following it and making sacrifices to keep the lights on. This grants her not only authority on life in the latter condition, but also can address those still in the former and share her experience of scrutinizing-though-well-meaning people telling her how to live her life better when they have never been in such a situation. The arrogance to believe that they have better solutions than she did during her time in poverty is less than appreciated from that position. I am sure at one time she had the reflex to do the same; she speaks now from a matured and changed mind. --- I'd also like to point out that you have demonstrated a number of logical fallacies by posting this comment. Tu quoque is invoked merely by the fact that you are doing precisely what she criticizes--curiously, this fallacy wouldn't be present if you had refrained from posting this comment. Another is the no true scotsman fallacy, here expressed by insinuating that since she was never _really_ a poor person that she can't possibly know what it's _really_ like. Finally, the black-or-white fallacy is displayed when you imply that someone can only be poor or not poor, and that there is no way to be some complex time- and condition-dependent mixture of both.[1] In summary, I am saddened to see that this is the top comment on the thread for this post. I was hoping that HN would take this as a chance to listen and learn about other perspectives, and not use the pseudonymity of an internet forum to demonstrate precisely what the author warns against, much less promote this perspective to the top of the discussion space. [1] https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/ Air temperature isn't the only thing that heats a condenser. Solar radiation does that too. Does anyone's brain "work in unison"? As far as I know, it's a bunch of subsystems all sending their signals to each other, and some higher-level network that makes 'sense' of the torrent of information and directs the attention to the various subsystems' outputs as needed. If HN's signalling is anything to go off with respect to political leanings, SV is mostly libertarian with a dash of social democracy to rein in the big players. This is hardly what anyone outside of an entrenched centrist news media institution would consider "far left." I wonder how it would work using training data from one language in generating voice in another language. You're encouraging a money-grubbing attitude, which is not really a healthy one to have for long-term happiness. Furthermore, if they only see it as a path to money and not an end in itself to construct great, helpful, beautiful programs, they're gonna burn out real quick. Also, "having money" as a goal is just somehow repulsive. Seemingly all the sleazeballs of the world are oriented like this, and as a result they tend to be very shady and use people as means to getting money rather than actually people, with whom meaningful relationships can be forged. Yes. He has a vested interest in saying what he is saying. Let's defer our judgment until less encumbered members of the economics community have something substantial to say. Acceptance is not the same as complacency. I think the article is suggesting that accepting your current situation puts you in a better mindset to tackle it full-force if it's going to cause you problems down the road. "Ok, so we're here--now what?" Feel free to donate licenses to university students! Not everyone reads HN obsessively. If you've already seen this article and a healthy discussion, you're free to move along. In the US at least, we can start with healthy tax reforms that actually redistribute wealth downwards, not up. Not everything has to reduce to the USSR straw man. >If you are making {$25M|$250k}/year through a job, and you depend on that money for daily life Here's the thing: the second half of this snippet doesn't make any sense. No one needs that much money to get along with their life. Living frugal is precisely that: requiring much less expenditure than you make. It's entirely possible to live on $40k in expenses per year. Many, many people do that every day with $40k or even lower. How can one depend on so much expenditure? There's no reason. That amount of money minus absolutely vital expenses calculated according to minimum market rates for healthcare, housing, and food will always be more than enough to retire on very early if saved wisely. If you set yourself up to be screwed even after making that much money, you're making very poor decisions. I hope it's clear that the answer lies somewhere between these two extremes. Most likely, there are instilled a number of prototypical reflexes that quickly make available the "right" decision for a given situation. Consider it that we don't know the objective function per se, but that we start in a place and with a gradient vector already pointed in such a way that we quickly reach the optimal location in action space with relatively few exploratory trials. Why pooh-pooh ideas if you're not sure either? Let's explore, combine, and mutate the iterations that each party thinks may be successful. Do you have much experience with brains? Are you aware of the ratio of computational capacity to energy requirements that is as yet unmatched in power? Not to mention that, as a system, the brain is highly efficient in reusing modular structures for increasingly complex tasks. I have a feeling when people mention "AI modelled after a brain" they consider a simplification of neuronal dynamics to be how to achieve that. But that is a very naïve way to do it. Looking at it from the system level is the more fruitful approach, IMHO. Can you share something about your work? Or how I may get involved? Yes, because nothing bad has ever happened from following the codes laid out by your friendly neighboorhood government. I don't understand this kind of sentiment. Why not? Its adoption will be roughly proportional to its usefulness. If it turns out not to be useful, it will go away and you won't have to think about it anymore. Put it in the other room! We have long enough cables for the peripherals. Seems like a simple, cheap solution compared to shopping around for a quieter computer or parts. How is it so problematic to have cables running along the molding and around a corner? In fact, why bother worrying about the noise anyway? Some people function much better with white noise in the background. That is a strong assertion. It takes a bit of culture remapping, but certainly doable. Want good examples? Spend some time in Germany or Sweden. >If you're craving a drug and it's sold in a convenient store around the corner Decriminalization means it's not illegal to possess, not that it's legal to sell. An important distinction in these sorts of discussions. WhatsApp also has the glaring vulnerability that Facebook could at any time reset your key to a compromised one without your knowledge, and WhatsApp will resend any hanging messages automatically upon the change, making any undelivered messages available to the one who has the decryption capability associated with that new key. It's possible they've put in a method to do this without notifying the user. Also, this "automatic resend" behavior means that a physical attack can be made simply by switching SIMs on the phone before the message is sent. It requires some careful timing to be a real vulnerability and anyone using a phone to communicate will certainly opt for a more secure platform for critical applications. This perception of religion is precisely what TFA is trying to dispel. You've already received good information at the coding part, so let's talk about the 17-year-old part. Do sports! One that doesn't involve hitting your head on stuff. Read some of the philosophy greats. Appreciate art at museums. Go to social events like school ski trips, meet friends and ladies (or guys if that's your thing). Make a couple minor bad decisions so you know how to handle the consequences. Go to concerts. Show your parents gratitude if they've done a lot for you (protip: they have). Don't take these years for granted. You can be a successful coder and still have time for these things. Don't railroad yourself into workaholism, maintain a healthy balance. It'll do you good! Au contraire! Many people are seeking precisely the universal. It is their (and my) opinion that modern language and its interpretation is the barrier to distilling further meaning from these concepts without significant pondering. That doesn't mean that these concepts don't hold merit, unless you put a postmodernist spin on things. This is how they operate, in fact this is the MO of modern propaganda techniques: divide and conquer. If we keep the fracas alive by distrusting our neighbors (loudly and proudly!), this lowers our ability to face threats from outside head-on. We need trust in our compatriots to do a good job doing whatever it is we want to do as a collective. State actors with intent to harm a citizens' coalition only need to sow distrust and more than a few wrenches will be thrown in the cogs by people who feel they're doing the right thing protecting their country. I think it's less about swaying their minds and more about making them more active and vocal about the topic, which spreads their opinion to people who otherwise would stand no ground either way. The people they would directly affect are their family members and established friends, who have an inherent trust for people they know and have opened up their lives to. In essence, it created pseudobots that serve as outlets for the kinds of messages (read: divisions) they wanted to sow. Dismissing it offhand as "nothing new" is a little disingenuous. There may have always been this momentum but it didn't hit critical levels until lately, and that combined with the rise of globalism (whether that really is the culprit or not) has left a lot of people feeling down, literally, in the dumps. This information adds another facet to our understanding of today's political stage and it's worth paying attention to so we can better resolve it. How are these 'bullshit'? How wisdom and smarts are each are measured are different, which could explain the apparent paradox. Ever since I read Snow Crash, I wondered to myself, why hasn't this been adapted as a screenplay yet? It played in my head like a movie when I first read it. No other book has done that. Neal Stephenson's writing style is really cinematic and I'm glad it's now being adapted for viewing. From what I've heard on the subject so far, decriminalization aims to make it harder to profit off of human trafficking, i.e., to help those who are forced/enslaved into prostitution, or at risk of such. Taking a prostitution job by your own decision won't afford you the same perspective as those whose entire lives have been claimed as property of someone else. Put ownership of productive goods and services in the hands of those who are actually creating those goods/performing those services. This would empower each person to push the investment of capital to what matters most to them--namely, themselves. When the consensus is formed, a lot more money will be devoted to maximizing human capital and a lot less toward the overhead (massive paychecks for a few, crazy cycles of bureaucracy) that are the hallmarks of today's economic goings-on. It's a high-dimensional correlation machine. In other words, it's an attempt to learn "how to recognize patterns" by learning how to represent each one as orthogonally as possible to each other one. This happens at each layer, and how many layers you need depends on how "mixed up" the transformed space is with respect to the appropriate labels following each linear transformation. Once they are suitably linearly separable following the feedforward pass through the network, you need one more layer to identify how the pattern maps to the output space. Another way to think of it is that each layer learns a maximally efficient compression scheme for translating the data at the input layer to that at the output layer. Each layer learns a high-dimensional representation of the output that uses minimum bits for maximum information reconstruction capacity. There was a great talk given recently by Naftali Tishby where he explains this in great detail.[1] Having the math is great to know how it works on a granular level. I've found that also explaining it in such holistic terms serves a great purpose by fitting "linear algebra + calculus" into an understanding of NNs that is greater than the sum of their parts. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLqJHjXihK8 >it seems like there's little to no opportunity to just have a life Sleep is a vital part of life. You are not missing out on life if you sleep--you are living. It is reinforcement learning, i.e., necessarily unsupervised. The effects are a little subtler than "everything decays" however I'm with you that entropy should play a large part in determining our answer to this question since it is seemingly the only law in our universe which prevents the reversibility of any reasonably macroscopic phenomenon (putting an egg shell back together, etc.). It is this distinction from which I believe people learn to differentiate forward v. backward in time. This is only a hypothesis and I invite other perspectives to introduce themselves. Anecdote time here, but spending some time in a steam room and then entering a cold bath, and doing this 3 times or so, feels like a great cardio workout without the muscle soreness. There's definitely a lot of energy expended, particularly by the circulatory system, in keeping one's core temperature more or less stable. The typical refrain that I hear for weight loss/getting back to a healthy balance is "80% diet, 20% exercise" and that the exercise is more to raise your basal metabolic rate up a little so maintenance requires more calories, and thus eating at a deficit has a greater effect. I think the same thing is achieved with even mild physical activity and a solid, well-rounded diet. Casting the risk that both need to take as equal is a terrible disservice to those with less money. They have less emergency fund, thus less credit-worthiness and a much, much higher risk of introducing a lot of pain and stress into their lives if things go south on a bad deal. Rich people have a lot of safety nets, and usually have the luxury of taking out a loan or working out a better deal after things go bad, whereas a person with less money will be shooed away two steps into the door of any banking or loan establishment that isn't solely a predatory one. That's why they're building prepper-bunkers! You're describing a situation where mortgages are alreadu the norm, and have already raised the price of houses beyond an affordable price at cash precisely because it's relatively easy to take out a mortgage to buy a house at the prices we have today. If it were never so easy to take out a mortgage to buy a house, housing costs would be much lower as the market matched demand to supply. Yes people are still anthropomorphizing AI. It's a subtle difference talking about their learned judgments of reality v. some sort of human-like logical decision-making process, and that's where most people get tripped up. The AI learns what you feed it. Garbage in, garbage out. The initialization of its world model is arguably the most important thing, and the hardest to make objective. Every decision following that, assuming it learns in an online manner, will be conditioned on its previous decisions since it can only learn about the things it experiences, i.e., chooses to engage with and how. Why has it stayed up on gnu.org if it no longer supports his/their philosophy? Expanding on this, the crises of capitalism (people without food or homes, or being exploited for their work and given little to nothing in return) that continually arise throughout history as well as today can be seen as a symptom of this very fundamental assumption of property and its place in a society. This is what defines capitalism along with the freedom to pay (or not) a voluntary amount for any good or service. This will always lead to the concentration of wealth and if left unchecked will progress to bring far more suffering on the many to the benefit of the few than many feel comfortable accepting from an ethical standpoint. One can always propose regulations but it's a steep uphill battle to close every last loophole that people have to extract wealth from a population, usually unethically. People against capitalism are usually for something else, and they propose to change the fundamental properties of the economic system at hand to one that puts ownership directly in the hands of labor (socialism), is inherently redistributional (communism), or never supposes the need for redistribution in the first place (elimination of private property such as in pure anarchism). Those against capitalism have seen the endless failed attempts to patch the system, but the bugs are built into what makes the kernel work. Political processes are too slow to respond to the crafty and conniving, and are anyhow weak to the siren's call of having a higher economic status and so sacrifice their morals way more often than they are comfortable. Cronyism is built into the distributional properties of capitalism because of this assumption of private property. There's plenty of support behind cognitive behavioral therapy--mindfulness is the same thing, but facing westward. Where is the discrepancy? The emptiness you're referring to, if I understand you correctly, is that of sunyata[1], wherein we realize precisely what you have stated: that there is no thing besides patterns and activations, and that assuming these things construct a whole person that has some sort of "centerpoint" is fallacious. Your devil's advocate point arrives at the truth precisely. The freedom arises when one accepts this fact wholeheartedly. This realization isn't "supposed" to help you, or bring you anywhere, since that would be assuming that the actions that are taken have some internal guidance mechanism that bring it to fruition and bestow benefit on the actor. But no such thing exists. It just happens, is, and you are ok with it (or not). The utility doesn't need to exist because it can't exist: if all there is, is now, utility has absolutely no goals or targets, and thus the only thing supporting its "existence" is an assumption about what may yet does not exist. [1] http://buddhanet.net/cbp2_f6.htm That is why the tradition emphasizes constantly that "you are not your thoughts." Putting some distance between you and your anxiety helps address it as the meaningless reflex that it is. I'm not sure if your question was tongue-in-cheek, but a k-hole (high ketamine dose) is also considered by some to be a psychedelic experience. It was (is?) common in the rave culture to do exactly what you describe. Anecdotally, this is precisely my experience. It'll start the engine, but you have to navigate the course. It's a less error-prone approach than speculating on how they might improve in the future and using that to judge their present actions. Bake it into the protocol that each connection is regularly confirming the other party's active and passive security measures, and that if one of these tests fails the connection is severed. It sounds like you "have nothing to lose/hide" now but consider the cases where others will be or already are in a position to lose big from the actions of malevolent actors. You've made its argument yourself. It's high time to regulate this industry before said colossal impacts. Just want to point out that Bob's Red Mill is an example of literal socialism, i.e., the workers own the means of production. And it's working. http://www.oregonlive.com/clackamascounty/index.ssf/2010/02/... It's not totally dissolving anger that the Stoics were concerned about--it's limiting reactions that do not employ foresight and use only the fuel of anger to drive them. How about this: we treat owning and driving a car as the privilege it is? Whenever you start the engine, you assume full responsibility of the vehicle's behavior. If that behavior results in death or injury, your vehicle is responsible for it, and by extension, you. This would at the very least make many very cautious behind the wheel. For some perspective, consider kinetic energy. You possess 4x as much energy travelling 40mph as 20mph. Put another way, it takes 3x as much energy to go from 40 to 20 as it does from 20 to 0. Not sure where this malice comes from, but GP specifically said "impairs their ability to drive." You're striking at strawmen. GGGP was not discussing the article per se. When GGGP said "impairs the ability to drive" and you responded to it, you assumed they were talking about the article. I think it's clear enough that this comment thread has opened lines of discussion beyond the limited context of the article. "Meaningful", by itself, doesn't mean anything, because meaning is entirely subjective. You will first have to identify what really makes you tick, grinds your gears, revs your engine, and whatever other mechanical analogies seem appropriate. This requires a lot of introspection. Look around you. What upsets you? What do you consider among the most pressing issues of our time? Once you've done that (think a timescale of weeks, not hours), start hunting for groups at home and abroad who are trying to rectify those things, and who are doing so in ways that you feel are effective. You can have a diverse set of concerns, which means that finding a relevant project is easier. That horseshoe effect you mention just goes to show how limited the bipolar-spectrum representation of political stances really is. Anarchism can be implemented all sorts of ways, and can easily be considered orthogonal to the conservatism-liberalism axis, in the cosmopolitan as well as the American-appropriated senses. s/anarchism/{communism, socialism, authoritarianism, fascism, *ism} and you have an equally valid statement. Would you say the same to someone who's "addicted" to being depressed? to fighting with their loved one? to having anxious thoughts? Where's the love, HN? When you have an economy whose volume is 99% speculation, its function becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy up until the point where real resources that feed and house people start drying up. Further, the US government can literally inject money at will into the market. That is what is happening when you have interest rates less than or equal to 0. They're saying "we don't really need money back until it starts helping you make money from the various levels of abstraction (options, futures, etc.) that enable literal money creation." My two cents: if you treat it as a proper responsibility and as essentially a furry child, you have no moral or ethical qualms. If you can satisfy its needs and help it lead a pleasant life free, that's enough. On a related note, I had a professor in college who was a Buddhist and considered his living situation as involving a "cat who lived with me" and not "his cat" per se. I think that's a much healthier way to look at it. It preserves the cat's agency and rejects possession of another living being. On every trash can ever, there's nowhere to put out a cigarette and you have no time to spend 5 extra seconds making sure it's out? I submit this in response to the persistent meme that "Russian ads didn't decide the election." I agree that even if they did use ads, that is far from the whole story. I want to bring to light some of the arguments for how social media more broadly can be used as a weapon of propaganda by polarizing everyone who participates, making them more vocal, and viralizing the propagandistic memes that move through society through the vectors of friends and family members, not of insignificant ads per se (though these certainly reinforce the feeling that "others believe what I do so there must be some truth!"). >it is a modern interpretation that is pushed by leftists It may be reinforced by virtue of their giving time to use it in their rebuttals, but the issue lies deeper in the reason these rebuttals come up in the first place--people in general use this marker more than most when discriminating. Since when has "broad nose" or "high cheekbones" been something that is so highly correlated to being the victim of discrimination? We didn't win the civil rights war, though the major battle that took down institutional discrimination was won. People still discriminate today, and they do it by relatively few high-profile indicators, e.g. skin color and name. Absolutely, lived experiences shape our expectations about how the world- and society-at-large treats people, and how they ought to be (re)organized to maximize benefits. You point to fundamentally different assumptions, and as a whole I agree with that too. I think that anarchists put less emphasis on human nature per se than they do on ethical organization practices--they preach a scheme of purely voluntary self-organization mostly from an ethical standpoint, and this stance implies that they view human agency as the most important ethical question, rather than meeting basic needs (communism) or castrating exploitative practices in labor (socialism/Marxism). Libertarians seem to be whistling another tune, more along the lines of anarchism but by also tying capitalist success to a person's ability to steer their path in life. Anarchists think that free association will provide for those who need by virtue of a sense of humanistic camaraderie. I'm not arguing for or against anything here or anything you've said, and I'm not sure I'm doing much at all except a fun exercise to clarify the varying motivations of people in their quest to restructure economies and societies. But it is interesting to consider and feels good to put to words. Exactly. As they say: if the employees own the company, robots on the assembly line would mean vacations, not layoffs. Violence? Those people may reject speakers and barricade pathways but they don't beat someone close to death with 2x4s and then blame them for starting it.[1] Left-wing movements that you are drawing a false equivalence to with right-wing authoritarians do not advocate for genocide of entire sections of the population. You can cherry-pick a couple people who say "white people should die" but they aren't taken seriously by anyone. Meanwhile you have whole rallies conducted by right-wing authoritarians who are literally calling for the elimination of Jews in the streets. [1] http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/10/black-man-attacked-cha... Did that money come into their hands completely voluntarily? Likely not. When you buy something you need to survive, can that be said to be a "voluntary" purchase? So when that money ends up in the hands of the owners of the productive machines, they get rich, but are they doing so because of purely "voluntary" participation in the economy? So then why do I have to pay private individuals for things I need to live, and they don't have to pay back into the system that gave them the infrastructure to earn this money in the first place? The reason our economy is working now is because of the huge amount of speculation that fuels the investment sector. Wealth creation is no longer predicated on how much stuff is being sold, just on how much people bet will be sold. Being able to eschew shitty soul-sucking jobs in favor of real personal development is "zero benefit"? Why is this on HN? Whenever non-tech posts are put up on HN, they're ruthlessly hounded. What does this article have to do with tech that absolves it? The fact that it comes from San Jose's newspaper? I have a hypothesis that these errors in interpretation stem mainly from the max pooling layers that occurs in nearly all CNNs today. Simply cutting out a large fraction (at least 75%!) of the information passing through each pooling layer is making the models quite brittle. That, and obviously it would be a big help to be able to interpret meaningful symbols (e.g. words) from the images rather than just recognize a certain arbitrary class of pattern activations. That is pretty hard, of course, but IMO essential for the upcoming self-driving car revolution, if it is to succeed. G. Hinton has some ideas though they aren't very fleshed out yet.[1] [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTawFwUvnLE That's quite a stretch, though, don't you realize? The H in HN stands for "hacker". I fail to see the connection to any "hacking" here in the article other than maybe "hacking bureaucracy to make a dam", but you must see the incredible lengths to which one must stretch the notion of hacker-related ideas to apply to this article. There are other non-SWE-related topics that certainly qualify, like overcoming natural barriers in engineering a la the Iceland forest article that was posted a couple days ago. This news article in OP is little more than a status update about something that affects California's water infrastructure and nothing else. Humility is the opposite of arrogance, but that doesn't mean you don't have a fixed vision of your goals and will stick to your guns to achieve them. It just means you don't try to show everyone just how good you are at achieving them. Then it sounds like there is a strong incentive to keep that camera on! When cops' word weighs more than yours in a court of law, this requires an equivalent check against that power by only making it weigh that much when there is corroborating evidence (i.e., video proof). Ok so hunger isn't a problem because people in Europe are generally well-fed? This follows the same line of reasoning as the one you are using now. This is a very anthropocentric view of intelligence. What's to say that the universe doesn't simply operate on vastly different timescales? Being inside of something is different from being a part of something. Would you please link to some of the Chalmers pieces you like? The definitions that the parent are referring to are the basis for pantheism, i.e. that God is everything. Some people call it Gaia, or Brahman. Depends where you draw your subjective threshold of "natural" ;) I will say I believe it's a limited definition if you consider human-constructed things as artificial but e.g. termite hills as natural. No one's rights are being infringed upon. The right to free speech is certainly still in their hands. Their audience is then anyone within earshot. Your question seems to me to be a red herring, and doesn't seem relevant in the discussion surrounding web-based fora. While "the internet" in some abstract form could be construed as a human right in this modern technological world of ours, the World Wide Web as it stands today very much is not that. The infrastructure is privately maintained, and as such is not granted the protections that the 1st amendment provides. Likewise the services that are built upon the physical infrastructure, namely websites and data-transmission services, are not obligated to enforce rights. Funny how the "slippery slope" argument seems to only get used by people resorting to false equivalencies immediately upon commencement of discussions on this topic. You're going to have to point out the specific biases you see, because those definitions look quite accurate to me. They specifically advocate for inclusion of races, and a destruction of a class system. Nowhere in this does "color" or "ethnicity" make its way into this. Intellectual dishonesty is a bad look. The question is, access to what? Access to encyclopedic knowledge? Sure. Access to academic literature? Would definitely be a net positive. Access to the ramblings of every human in existence? Not sure why this would be so necessary. Quick edit to add: anything that requires instantiation to justify said "right" doesn't seem like it vibes well with the definition of the word "right." For instance, how could the right to internet exist if the internet didn't exist? This is opposed to people's need to communicate (free speech), their need for a safe place to sleep, or to satiate their hunger and nutritional needs. All of these problems exist by nature of us being human, and are inescapable in life by definition. Thus the rights, that we have today to protect people from succumbing to painful and undignified suffering when these needs aren't met, are justified. The same cannot be said of a recent technological invention. No one needs the internet to live. So if you agree that the providers of service on the internet are under no obligation to provide a soapbox for everyone who signs up, what do you recommend that that look like should one be established? A pretty common sentiment is that you neuter trolls when you remove any chance for anonymity, i.e., you put their reputation on the line. I would be happy to belong to a "free speech-oriented zone" on the internet that required real-life verification. Then people wouldn't be so quick to spread virulent, violent ideologies in such a space. IMO this provides a secondary effect, namely that people would stop taking so seriously those areas where anonymity is provided. Perhaps the interactions can be strongly weighted toward local ones, to provide more accountability. Such a platform would need to be free from any sort of money transactions, especially Facebook's current business model. Furthermore, empathy has nothing to do with advocacy. The ingredient missing when comparing refugees with white nationalists is that of the fundamental power imbalance. One is certainly free to express empathy for both, but tuning the narrative to equivocate people who are being exterminated with their exterminators is pretty dishonest. Your moral obligation (imo) when presented with people who are being systematically denied requirements for life is to spread and advocate for their survival. Notice that white nationalists are only being challenged on the lines of "liberty" whereas refugees are being challenged on the lines of "life." The DoI says it best, and puts them in a specific order not haphazardly, but deliberately: life comes first (and thus the removal of threats to it), then liberty, then the pursuit of happiness. Absolutely not. I keep seeing this simplification thrown around and it's patently false. The uniform spherical cow analogy works better when saying "consider a nation-state as a single actor in a global economy." The rational actor assumption is more along the lines of the continuum approximation in fluid dynamics: that even though we don't have the power to model each individual molecule, we can do well enough by applying heuristics on top of that (pressure, density, etc.) that we can reason out some cause-effect behavior by measuring and tracking those higher-level quantities. We can even derive equations from them, though they may not have analytical solutions. The problem with this is of course not just the inhomogeneity of the environment with respect to these higher-order quantities, but with the molecules themselves. This combined with strong nonlocal effects makes economics a really really difficult science to pin down mathematically, so all we seem to be able to do so far is fit the data to one of a few common models and wipe our hands clean of it. You've lumped "redistribution of wealth" in with "price setting" as if they are in any way related to each other. They certainly can interact if they're both present, but neither need to be there for the other to exist. I'm actually having trouble following your line of reasoning because I can't tell how these two are related in your formulation of the hypothetical. You're not scared. That's fine. For all I know, you have no reason to be scared of white nationalists, because to them, you're not the threat. That doesn't make it any safer for a large portion of the United States or other Western countries where these sentiments are popping back up. We know Africa and South America and Southeast Asia are still relatively dangerous. That doesn't excuse the sentiments that are building here in the US whatsoever. It actually doesn't factor at all into this discussion because they are totally off the radar for people who should be provided the liberty of living without constant breathing down their neck and "go home" and "jews will not replace us." Where does the liberty from harassment and execution factor into your liberty ethics? The issue is also not what happens right this moment, but what happens in 10 years' time when people have been surrounding themselves and their family and friends with this rhetoric. The history of the Nazi party following the fall of the Weimar republic doesn't span months, it spans a decade or more. What reason is there to deny some people the "right" to demonize and alienate minorities solely on the basis of inaccurate judgments when things could get a lot worse down the road? The slippery slope, after all, has two faces. We can just as easily say that granting some liberties now causes a lot of hurt down the road as removing them. Basic income is a bottom-up stimulus package, like how bailouts for banks are "stimulus" packages but nestled in Reaganomics, i.e., expecting the money to trickle down. Except that bailouts sequester the money almost exclusively in the banking industry and so are useless for everyone except those who are already rich, and the government itself. Basic income fills the economy with money that can be really spent, and like the article says people will vote with their dollars. I can't understand why free market fanboys don't like it! It's the best way to incite competition in the marketplace by removing the exploitative (i.e., freedom-revoking) abilities of the companies that prey on the lifestyles of low-income workers who are stuck working multiple jobs just to get by. If you're scared, it's best not to do it. IMO the best approach is to read about experiences on Erowid and similar sites, get used to which dosages go approximately how far, and when you finally are ready, prepare your mindset and externalities to promote a good experience rather than a bad one. It really is all in your head. How do you figure that? Libertarians are by definition against any government involvement in the market. Governments giving citizens money is something that falls under the category of "government involvement." Are you aware of how calories are measured? They essentially set the food on fire and count how long it takes to go out. Does our body digest things by acting like a furnace? No. There are different ways to extract energy from food and our body does things that aren't accounted for by the nutrtional facts blurb on the box. In some cases the food will just go straight through you, such as when you eat loads of fat. All those "calories" don't necessarily translate into x pounds on your body in new fat. Knowing Germany, the transition will probably be 10 years long, because everything has to be 100% perfect and 99.8% ist außerhalb der Fehlermarge ! Transactions do not occur in vacuo . Your question must take into account who is buying, who is selling, and what the alternatives are for both parties. If the government is offering a loan at 1% it's probably because it's a better option than offering a loan at 3% and losing the partner who would otherwise be a net positive for the country. Not sure why communism was brought into this, but your repetition of that common trope is misinformed. A planned economy theoretically works just fine as long as external adversaries aren't manipulating the global market to your detriment, deliberately excluding you from global bank dealings, and aren't putting a bunch of pressure on you to develop a massive military budget overhead. Without these influences, the inherent cost in running a communist economy is lower than a capitalist one. Why do you think communism was villified so much pre-Stalin? (During and post-Stalin the USSR got a lot of flak, and rightly so, for breaking up citizen collectives and killing millions of its citizens.) Also not sure where the "failed business" idea came in here. It seems like you're just swinging your sword at the closest straw men. The Facebook app asks for permission to access your camera and microphone. Assuming a user gives it access, doesn't that mean they have free rein to do so? They're quite successful on complex multiobjective problems, but you need a lot of compute power to cover the solution space sufficiently. Most problems either 1) don't have such stringent requirements on multiobjective optimization (i.e. the problem can be recast with a single objective function, likely one with a gradient), or 2) more typical machine learning algorithms are "good enough" and require less compute power. But for instance designing complex geometries under numerous constraints is well-suited to evolutionary algorithms. EAs also shine when the evaluation for fitness is computationally-intensive, as you can defer the fitness evaluations until absolutely necessary. There's a distinct gap between "most powerful supercomputers available" and "compute clusters typically used for this sort of problem." No one except all those folks running rent up in cities. Landowners and renters are both to blame here. Look around this comment thread and you will see the exact same thing. You sound so certain! Lenin? Stalin was the killer, and he departed from Lenin's philosophy in several very key ways that break the pedigree you suggest. > If you get to the particulars of how that is supposed to work, turns out the theory is pretty crappy too. E.g. see "The free market efficiently matches demand with supply." Socialism is workers owning the means of production. Communism is a pretty serious departure from that, taking it to the government level. The bloodshed from totalitarianism is well-documented and really didn't have much to do with Communism at all anyway. Let's be wary of any equivocation between "destroy the people who can singlehandedly ruin lives by manipulating markets" (you will note this is a tiny minority of bad actors) and "destroy anyone who hurts my ego while I'm in power" (i.e., pretty much everyone). Could you elaborate? As it stands there's no connection between the two concepts. Would just like to point out that your description of the Linux development sounds like syndicalism. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syndicalism You still get the choice between A and B but there is a much stronger emphasis on people getting out exactly what they put in. Your argument presupposes that the sole purveyor of power is money, with a secondary vehicle of physical domination. It's true that money makes the world go round but there are many subtler ways to influence markets and public discourse. These also constitute power and if we are to support free expression we should recognize its threats now and be proactive about countering the actions that lead to negative consequences. These "net-states" are looking less and less like independent actors in the political sphere and more like arms by which nation-states can reach into the cultural sphere and influence conduct and opinion as well as put their finger on the pulse of the public sentiment, even targeting the communications of individual people regardless of whose citizens they happen to be. Net-states are unique compared to traditional media companies in that they have a far easier time crossing national boundaries. Where before Hollywood or the BBC needed a dominant share in the market of foreign countries to spread the ideals of their host countries, net-states act more like portals to any region with an internet connection with little holding it back. That episode made me by far the most uncomfortable I have ever been while watching a TV show. I think it was the desperation and how so many people could so easily fall down that path of complete fakeness if such a thing ever took off. This site[1] is linked toward the bottom of the one you posted but I think it deserves special recognition just by the sheer simplicity of understanding the various systems visually in a way that the interactive applet doesn't quite get across. There are nonprofits working on this issue in the USA.[2] Personally I'm more a fan of the push to create multi-representative districts within states than I am about RCV (basically a restricted form of IRV). But regardless, if you want to get involved, call them up first. [1] http://zesty.ca/voting/sim/ [2] http://www.fairvote.org/ I wrote this on another post today, but it seems like the social media are becoming arms of nation-states more than they are creating a haven of free expression that resists censorship. The hoopla about CounterPunch and similar editorial websites last year seems to confirm the suspicion that Google et al. aren't really fighting for the users.[1] [1] http://www.mintpressnews.com/counterpunch-google-censors-blo... > America takes and redistributes just as much money The statistics refute this claim.[1] All values in USD/capita. Stats are from 2015 USA - 14,794 Finland - 18,580 Iceland - 18,783 Sweden - 21,800 Denmark - 24,527 Norway - 30,138 The other Scandinavian countries are included for comparison. [1] https://data.oecd.org/tax/tax-revenue.htm Let's not forget that childcare and healthcare costs would be removed from the equation. Would these costs be lower in a country with higher taxes? Well pretty much any progressive tax system will ensure that unless you majorly screw up the planning. So are kindergartens. Kids are dirty and get their saliva and snot on pretty much everything. Do we do the same thing? >in exchange for a completely meaningless task Why don't we just give them the money and care instead? Then they can actually do something useful with their time. To anyone thinking "I can't do anything, it's gotta be legislated to make any lasting changes" I just want to say Yes! you can do something: get involved with your local community and put your time to a morally good use by changing those regulations. Get laws passed that make the situation better for everyone. Any improvement is better than bickering, stand in solidarity and push everything that can help. http://hrcsf.org/ https://www.sftu.org/ http://www.bapd.org/csaaco-1.html Shouldn't people also have the freedom to not have bullets put in their bodies? How do you grant them the freedom to live in peace? That's exactly what an Apple employee would say! All startups start small, but not all small businesses are startups. Startups are characterized by fast growth cycles and usually are intended to end in getting acquired or sold. Bakeries and such don't fall under this description, usually. Are you repeating this trope because you really believe it or because it's convenient for your argument? Being poor is expensive. Thinking about how to survive on the little money you have is stressful. Having a negative worth just to have housing is both. Those living paycheck to paycheck don't have another choice. The best way to not have guns on your person is to just go about your daily life because it is so unlikely you will ever be in a position where you will need to use one. Occam's razor applied by neglecting evidence is just bad reasoning. A lot of people discount Jayne's theory for the inaccuracy regarding its assertions about the physical mechanisms, namely that specific modules in one half of the brain talk across the corpus callosum to specific modules in the other half. But IMO they're throwing the baby out with the bathwater. What I haven't seen yet are investigations into the nature of self-awareness and agency assuming that his theory holds water on the mental aspects. Studies have shown that we make decisions whole seconds before we are conscious of our coming to a conclusion. Could this not be some remnant of the potential fact that our internal decision processes are based around a similar mechanism as what he proposes? The only difference is that we think that "voice" telling us what to do is ourselves, and not some imposition from outside. I'm still astounded by all the different things people mean when they say "consciousness." I think a better term for the discussion surrounding Jaynes and his theory is "awareness"--understanding and conceptualizing reality via a semantic framework, rather than merely processing inputs and directing outputs. The ego (or the default mode network, in which I hypothesize the ego "resides") basically connects those disparate parts of the brain and makes the leap to turn the brain from a few interacting modules into an integrated whole, giving rise to the sense of the self as we understand it today. This must somehow activate our self-awareness by us understanding not only that we inhabit a body, but that the mind doing so can also be identified. There are many people with the same experience. It's happened to me. It would be pretty lucky if they were coincidences for everyone. Show me where in the law does it say "companies are obligated to make their shareholders happy." Your flippant use of the word "should" is all you have to go on so far. If you don't like what they're doing, you are free to divest. This is a free market after all! Infosec 101: if it truly is a problem for you, you don't tell anyone. >it is in reality a direct consequence of it I agree with this. But IMO Tesla and the like are different because they're tapping into something more. People are actually excited about electric cars now, and they're willing to put money toward the goal and let Musk steer his company, taking them along for the ride. Your argument is essentially "sites that need JS as a core requirement to the UX need JS" and "now that everyone uses JS no one shouldn't." "Progressives" (whatever you think that label means) aren't the only people who support those causes. It seems like you're getting caught up on some private subtext assigned to the word "progressive." Just curious, do you consider progressives the identity politics fanatics and staunch neoliberals? I'd spend some time arguing they're not progressively oriented at all. Just curious--do you still have your appendix? I read recently that it keeps a store of the microbiome and replenishes stores as needed.[1] Perhaps the nasty bacteria are hiding in there? [1] http://dujs.dartmouth.edu/2008/04/a-bacterial-safe-house-a-n... While I appreciate the tip, it's completely irrelevant to the topic at hand. Not necessarily black and white, sure, but there is a threshold defined as the net personal/social benefit of the thing. If this is net positive, there's not enough reason to ban it. If there is net negative, there are reasons to ban it. Further, the ban/not ban dichotomy is also fuzzier in practice. We can restrict access according to attributes of people, or restrict consumption to private settings, or otherwise. These decisions must be informed by the net benefit. The thing is, it doesn't seem like much of this is even intentional. A/B tests (probably inspired by some sort of thought experiment re: 'getting more engagement') tell a story that says you have more users if you do this thing, when that thing just happens to be addictive. Just want to say thanks for not using the word "curated" in your title. Something about its recent usage just seems unnecessarily pretentious and adds nothing to the description of the list. Foreign means parties outside the sovereign state in which they act. Creating standards is the easy part, uptake is a whole other beast. Sounds like a little creative reimagining of PubSub (hell, even RSS) would make this more than possible. What you describe enforces a stratified society and supports the thesis of TFA. Having been through the track a few years ago at a reasonably large university, it was somewhat limiting that the teaching style basically pushed the narrative that "these people thought this stuff a while ago but they were wrong and here's why, so shut up about it lest you be made a fool." It totally kills the inquisitive and investigatory nature that is the field of physics. A side-effect to this, too, was that when students aren't testing the boundaries and running into all these limiting cases with their own inquisitions, they don't get the kinds of insights that really make understanding physical systems intuitive. For instance, did you know Hamiltonian systems must have an even number of dimensions? It makes sense now that I think about it wrt Newton's 2nd, but I learned this last week in a graduate-level math course. I'd love to see more of a seminar-type setup for courses where every week an investigation is done and yhe students try to figure it out, while the teacher provides a gentle nudge in the right direction when mistakes are made along with the lessons learned from history. IMO this would make for a much more solid understanding of the scientific method and progress re: "standing on the shoulders of giants." If you're accepted, you only pay "administrative fees" per semester. Covering textbooks, food, housing are on you though there are numerous stipends you can apply for and get. This applies not just to German citizens but to anyone who studies in Germany. The stipend sources may be slightly different where you come from though. That's not being a progressive. They can call themselves whatever they want but we don't want them. The larger point being made isn't "you'd be happier now if you never existed" but "bringing kids into the current state of things is a net negative for them (they have to deal with the repercussions of an ecological catastrophe amid postmodernism and all its follies)." Arguments can be made that now is a better time than ever to be alive, but that doesn't mean it would be good for them or others if they are born. >Of course the AI is not planning with intent Isn't it, though? It has an intuition built up from the memory of millions of games it's played before. It knows that one step now leads to a good situation later. What other definition of "intent" can you use where AZ's playstyle doesn't fit the criteria? And does having intent even mean anything when the goal is to win? If I intend to pursue a certain specific action plan, is that somehow better or more appropriate to the game than playing with infinite flexibility wrt the possible trajectories of the game through state space? Of all the reasons to delay death, an argument on grounds of an "evolutionary imperative" has got to be the weakest. The value of life is not in its quantity alone, but in $\int_{birth}^{death} quality \: dt$. If life is extended without due diligence to improving quality of life for humans and indeed all sentient beings, we are ultimately doing a disservice to our fellow humans. It's a weak argument because we have entered a fundamentally different phase of our evolution, from that steered by our environment to that steered by ourselves. Our evolutionary drives incite us to eat meat because it was scarce (but now we have farms), they incite us to view faces different than ours as fundamentally other (though tribalism is obsolete and we recognize everyone as human). There is no good reason to follow evolutionary imperatives because we now understand our own impact on our destiny and have the means to plan for and steer it. It is the weakest because there are only a few good arguments for life extension, and all of them are better (but not by much) except for the "because we can" people. Always when introducing these "benefits" to society we must carefully weigh and consider the way they will shape how human lives are led and experienced. And nothing good can come of extending life if there is no corresponding marked increase in quality of life for everyone who may be affected--and I don't just mean statistics like access to healthcare and food, but real, perceived happiness of individuals. Quick edit to respond to your last point: "truths" in this context hardly mean much. There are very few things you can call objectively true. There are metrics and statistics you can measure but they only explain themselves and any correlations you may assign are spurious at best, and harmful when acted upon without fore- or afterthought. Cyclists are trained ... in the art of dodging hapless pedestrians who aren't aware what the red bricks and white lines (and funny little symbol of triangles and circles!) on the ground are supposed to signify. At least for me, I got good enough at dodging pedestrians to just do it all the time. It's easier for everyone. I'm out of your way in a quarter of a second, and you're out of mine. Situational awareness is of course key here. Only accident I got in during my two years in Germany was when a car pulled into the bike path to turn left right in front of me and sat there mugging me while I plowed into their front fender sideways. Exactly my theory. Make any accusation by citizens against police have more weight over the cops' words in a court of law (they are after all "serving the people", no?), and they will find it in their best interest to keep the camera on at all times. Authoritarians hiding as collectivists has given a bad name to the latter, but let's be sure to not conflate or causally link the two. The defense spending isn't necessarily the issue, it's the meteoric rise of allocation in the budget year after year to defense spending. We are overspending, and it only gets worse for the citizens. I'd recommend trying meditation, since it is simply training your mind to introspect so you may recognize these moments of stress and let them go with minimal effort. But what you do can also be seen as a form of meditation, since it is also an intentional taking-your-mind-off-things. > It's not directly observable, but it's [sic] effects are certainly observable You could say the same thing about the ether, the centrifugal force, and the argument about flat earth. My money is on dark matter's effects being due to some as-yet-undetectable acclerative force, maybe due to deformative effects of gravity that are only apparent at massive scales. Some sort of extension of GR that takes into account local clustering of energy that it isn't yet doing. But I'm no cosmologist. Is that what the cosmological constant is all about? They found recently that Egyptians used metal from meteorites to make daggers for royalty. https://edition.cnn.com/2016/06/02/africa/king-tut-dagger-me... I have a long-term plan to start a pizza chain on Mars that delivers with rockets and capsules. The point seems to be more that "insurance" as a word betrays the original intention of the service while the current state of affairs demonstrates how much the concept has been bastardized. Insurance is for those events where you don't expect a gruesome injury and need to insure , or hedge, against those one-offs. Preventative care isn't the same idea because you expect to get older and things to fail slowly. But barring any conditions or disorders, this isn't insurance against external sources of damage but just an action taken against inevitable consequences of having an organic body that tries to keep itself in a delicate and easily-broken balance for 50+ years. There is research about reframing arguments for a given topic in terms of values that are highly important to a given political ideology[1]. In short, there are priors of deeply-held values that can reliably predict a political stance. With this you can potentially convince those opposed to an action on grounds of some aspect of it (be it perceived masculinity of actor, or religious reasons) to reconsider the action from a familiar perspective by reframing the argument in terms of the audience's most deeply-respected values (e.g. purity, masculinity, patriotism). [1] https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/04/160425143307.h... Are there any FOSS keyboards for Android devices? I think the crucial mistake most commenters/assessors on HN are making is in somehow equating SV with engineer and social introvert types. Of course those people aren't going to sex parties! But SV has over the years adopted the money-hungry, the investors and startup-flippers, as the core demographic by which it continues and grows. And these people are always in search of that next high. If that next high can be taboo and paid for with an exclusive amount of money, they'll be there. SV is no longer defined by its engineers. We see this in the hypergrowth cycles, in the "you can't engineer yourself out of a societal problem" phenomenon, in the fact that you can't get anywhere in SV without getting on your knees in front of a VC board. Yeah, the problem is that they don't cut admin first. They cut newspapers, and sports, and bring in adjuncts who cost a lot less and are desperate for work. As with any optimization process, the objective function is of prime importance. If the only motivator is profit and money, with no feedback loops or sidecars including a factor accounting for human comfort and dignity, you are literally fighting an uphill battle in the space of the objective function. The answer, I strongly believe, lies in making money somehow account for the human costs associated with conducting business. In whatever economy we operate, if having more money implies you will be treated better than those without, you will see what we are seeing today. If, instead, treating society better means you have more money (which makes life marginally, but not hugely, better than your fellow humans), you will see an incentivization toward social good. >Isn't the norm to use "they" In theory, yes, but in practice we see "he" used way more. The subtext is that it is a lot more noticeable when people use "she" precisely because the opposite is used so often in typical writing. It is a response to underrepresentation, only made more salient because of the recent political conversation surrounding women in employment. Your reaction seems to prove the point. >If "the point" in question is some kind of job underrepresentation Still seeing the forest for the trees. The point isn't job underrepresentation in meatspace, the point is that the underlying assumptions about gender roles in employment are expressing and reinforcing themselves whenever the English language is written with a determinate gender as in TFA. And that determined gender seems to be disproportionately male to any perceptive reader. This betrays that the forces that engender (pun intended?) discrimination are operating in the writer and are reinforcing the worldviews of those who still hold such prejudices. The causal relation between using this language and discriminating against women is not a direct one, but it's intellectually dishonest to assume on the flipside that no relation exists in anybody who does habitually use gendered pronouns in their writing. Pray tell, how is this causing a problem? One could reverse the gender of the pronouns in TFA and your argument still holds. In a perfect world, everyone would use "they." Some people consider it necessary to respond to the prevalent usage of gendered pronouns to reverse the gender in common usage for the purpose of inciting conversations exactly like this one. IMO it's working to bring gender assumptions from a subconscious to a conscious phenomenon, which is the biggest step toward dissolving the underlying assumptions. You have seen idiots call themselves leftists. In this case, intent has no bearing on its utility. What should guide the rhetoric of social movements is, to take it back to your college GE writing class, the consideration of "writer-based" vs. "reader-based" writing. In the former, you write what you feel based on how it makes sense to you; in the latter, the intent of the writing is to convey a message in the way that the audience can comprehend it. That hashtag will and does imply "the accused is guilty." Something that would convey the intent you describe more directly would be along the lines of #DismissNoWomen or #TakeHerSeriously. Twitter is not a governmental organization (at least, not officially...) and so the question of free speech has no bearing on their operations. My problem with the discussion of free speech as a societal issue and not a governance one is that free speech will be an effect of a more fundamental shift in society, namely thoughtful consideration of another's talking points. If you want free speech, you must foster a society in which it can exist without being exploited to coerce masses of people to think in the way you want them to by deceptive means. So in this way, crying free speech in the streets is useless until people start preventing themselves from falling under the corrosive spells of populists. There is a certain threshold of gullibility that can swing the society one way or another if you just start encouraging free speech without any tools to interpret and deal with it and its cognitive load. Either you have people eventually start being able to handle intellectually honest discussions, or everyone starts spewing shit and the people just succumb to the most enticing argument they hear and start parrotting it. (The latter is what we are seeing in today's society.) You'd be surprised by the extent to which governments enact policies based on a tiny, very vocal minority of people with bones to pick. The money has to come from somewhere! And all the wealth generation attributed to government practices goes by far into pockets of the rich. Reducing income inequality is the only trickle-down economics that works. Disappointed to see HN still ignoring the fact that sex and gender are two different things. No matter how correlated, the coefficient is still less than one. Sex is a biological expression (and exists on a spectrum with the vast majority of the population at one of two poles) and gender is a social construct, i.e., anyone can decide what their gender is and they have the inalienable right, by the same liberty that we all enjoy, to do so. Kinetic energy = 1/2 m v^2 In a typical city scenario, a car has KE of 1/2 (2000 kg) (50 kph)^2 ~= 2e5 Joules. A bicyclist has 1/2 (100 kg) (30 kph)^2 ~= 3.5e3 Joules. Almost 100x less capable of inflicting damage on a typical pedestrian. Add onto this that bikes are way more maneuverable, less collision surface area, are totally exposed to the same forces exerted on the pedestrian with which they may collide... your comparison with cars is intellectually dishonest because you are comparing a human on top of a 10-20kg machine with a human inside a 2000kg metal box with an incredible array of safety features for the driver and hardly any for pedestrians outside. You have rediscovered the "philosophical zombie" problem.[0] Dr. Giulio Tononi[1] has developed an apparatus for calculating what he calls "integrated information"[2] which seems so far from limited experiments to be a good corrolary to the presence of consciousness in biological systems. It's currently computationally intractable for the human brain at full resolution but heuristics are being developed to minimize that problem. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_zombie [1] http://centerforsleepandconsciousness.med.wisc.edu/people/to... [2] http://integratedinformationtheory.org/ Psychedelic mushrooms, specifically Psilocybe *. Losing that ego-based view of the world and realizing the interconnectedness of all things, and feeling that connection at the deepest levels of your psyche, does wonders for eliminating the adversarial individualism that I feel generates a lot of issues when enacted in all participants of society. Before, I had (and admittedly still have) some aspects of my self that, when acting through them, generate much undue stress in interpersonal relationships. I've never been particularly social and psychedelics have helped me simultaneously empathize with my fellow participants and remove the stupid anxieties related to others' view of you. "L'enfer, c'est les autres" is still very much a part of my outlook but approaching this mentality from both sides (ego-centric and ego-dissolved) has made abundantly clear how to manage these anxieties, even if I still get caught up in them sometimes, leading to destructive behavior. All interactions are social, and embedded in the expectations and habits of human participants. At work, in romance, in family, and between friends, understanding what is meaningful and mutually beneficial interaction is essential for long-term happiness as a part of society. --- A second thing that has helped a lot has been living abroad in very colorful and international communities. The vast array of perspectives and norms gives you a wider understanding and a deep empathy for how people can grow up in flawed societies and how to approach the fostering of your own to overcome those flaws. As always, the key factors are set and setting, i.e., how you are feeling mentally in terms of your comfort zone and confidence that things will go well, and the environment in which you have the experience, especially the kinds of people you surround yourself with. Meaningful experiences can be had even on quite low doses so I encourage everyone to at least do some research in good faith. One good place to start is Erowid. Curious. If you don't mind answering on a public forum, what was the ratio of your dosage to bodyweight? For instance, my experiences were usually around the ratio 5e-5. It is true that some people's egos "fight" the drug more than others. All the bad trips I've seen in others have been the result of a person's ego refusing to relinquish control over the body, and fighting to remain relevant to the host. They were driven to a maniacal series of "I want/I need" demands and their satisfaction, which is precisely what the ego thrives on. Below a certain level, the ego does not feel threatened but continues to act, as it did for you I guess. Above a certain level, the ego is forcefully dissolved but this may not always lead to a beneficial experience that feels safe. >what other term would be so readily understood by people? Exactly the right question. Language is clumsy and imperfect. For many hard science topics and simple descriptions, it is precise. But for everything else, prominent thinkers among us have built a collective mythos as a society constructed of these abstractions and models. We can only use the models that others have ready access to, being participants in society, even if they are imperfect to describe the phenomenon, to communicate effectively. To take it ad absurdum , we can say that reinventing a whole new language for each conversation partner based on the most efficient way to transmit concepts would just be too clumsy for timescales on which humans operate. > quickly learnt just to be a tool for the music Case in point: this is a meme that recurs when talking about creative pursuits, and it's a useful and succinct way to think about and discuss this phenomenon. It's clear though that there are powerful mental processes that simply never bubble up to the level of conscious awareness, because to allow such would slow down the process too much to be useful. The artist acts as if "my mind is empty" even though the most important word is not "empty" but rather "my": that is, the ego sees nothing happening and runs on the basis that its experience is truth, when a rational examination disproves that assumption readily. Good and ethical behavior should be incentivized, both on short and long timescales. It is obviously not enough to punish the wrongdoers, because our laws don't prevent everyone from killing, discriminating, or exploiting their fellow people. Currently so much rides on mere survival that the only effective objective function we have to consider our actions is that of money. Either the capitalist system needs to be diversified to encourage multi-objective optimization wrt quality of life across all lifeforms, or it needs to be dismantled and another form of cooperation that directly incentivizes helping your fellow human/animal survive should be installed. Think about it like this: rather than writing some complicated optimization algorithm that sometimes climbs hills and sometimes descends them according to some arbitrary judgment scheme, we redesign the objective function so that all ethical behavior lies along stable manifolds. We can effectively hack human psychology by exploiting its predispositions to incentivize ultimately good behavior. This "good behavior" doesn't even necessarily need to be complex or controversial: something as simple as the Golden Rule would likely be sufficient. E: to add that I recently attended a contemporary art exhibition where one of the exhibits was the introduction of a new cryptocurrency called Kineticoin[1], which supposedly awards artistic contributions to society. How exactly to distribute this value is up for debate, but it is a sorely needed one, IMO. [1] https://kineticoin.weebly.com/ What scale of "rocks" are we talking about? I'm reminded of the xkcd comic about making a computer out of tons of rocks in the desert[1]. Sure, one rock is crystalline (enough) and has essentially no stimulus-processing power. But a pile of rocks, arranged just so, can be set up so as to respond to certain stimuli that, to an outside observer, seems like thought/consciousness. This is the Chinese room problem[2] recast. By approaching it in this way, we are forced to reconsider: what's so special about humans that makes how you define consciousness more applicable to them than a rock or plant? Why exclude rocks at all? I'm firmly in the camp that any attempt to quantify consciousness will necessarily be a matter of degree, with no system exhibiting zero consciousness except a perfect crystal (i.e., zero entropy). [1] https://www.xkcd.com/505/ [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_room Sorry this is late, but check out Dr. Giulio Tononi's mathematical apparatus called Integrated Information Theory. In a nutshell, it considers a system and all the causal relations within it, measures some quantity related to the number of states that system can take, and then considers the graph cut that minimizes this quantity in the subsystems. The difference between the uncut and cut graphs gives a degree of "integrated information", which can be argued is a useful analogue or even the very definition of consciousness. This sounds like an interesting way to disseminate a lot of incorrect "facts" very quickly with almost no traceability. The concept of "one thing and one thing makes two things" is orthogonal to what things you're actually counting. We use integers to count constructs belonging to the class of discrete things. One can interpret it as a response to all the posts that make it to front page regarding the overbearance of leftist "tolerance" in universities and societies and how this is stifling the "free marketplace of ideas." The thing to remember about data is, it only says exactly what it says. And what it says is this: sex of an individual somehow correlates with the measure of cognitive ability used in the study. The hidden variable here is a dominating one: the sex of the individual and how they have been socialized to practice certain skills over others. This varies by where they spent their developmental years, how their parents brought them or denied them certain opportunities, how the skills they developed align with or diverge from the test they took, and other invisible influences. And giving officers the ability to claim anyone fits within that tiny subset of the population based on spurious correlations is institutional racism. Protect the innocent, or sacrifice them for the good of catching some baddies? I'm doing my Masters right now and taking a look at the job market / discussions about it. I'm stunned to see people talk about Palantir etc. as if it's just a thing you need to do to get enough money to live comfortably and not the enabling force that is bringing about next-gen warfare with more capacity to kill than all previous technology combined. People go into "defense" because planes flying themselves is cool but that's where their consideration ends. I really wish more people thought about what their efforts enable, directly or otherwise. Like it or not, we are all connected, and there are causal relations between your actions and the harm (or benefit) of others every day. Try to minimize that harm. The common refrain, if an absurdly naïve one. It is a question of degree, as with everything else. Does the massive machine need to sell more totally useless shit for people to be happy and healthy? Or are the things it sells contributing more to the dereliction of today than whatever "social good" the marketers try to impose on the job that necessarily ignores consent and exploits animalian impulses to achieve its goals? Not the previous commenter, but many people have looked critically at marketing and media long enough to come to exactly this conclusion, myself included. To my mind, there is something inherently wrong about the techniques used to sway opinion about products and services. They prey on our animalian reflexes and bypass the part of the brain even capable of consent. Marketing "should" (and I don't use that word often) be prohibited to use such tactics, and instead be an exposition of the product and service and any traceable, trustworthy qualifications bestowed upon it. Such a system is still hackable (selling awards for instance), but it's a way better alternative to marketing practices than what we have today. In that case, the "what broke" was the hiring process and the fix is them leaving that role. What is this even supposed to mean? It comes across as a silencing tactic using canned phrases with no real coherence. The step from one language to two is much, much larger than the step from two to three or beyond. I did this seriously for the first time when I was 21/22, and it was initially difficult to get used to the concept of thinking not in terms of the temporal order in which words are introduced (i.e. the syntax of the language in which you are speaking) or at least shifting your process to generate sentences on the fly in a new order. In my experience (native English, learned German) I had a relatively smooth transition but even so it was difficult not to construct sentences as I spoke in the typical English construction. Once you get comfortable with shutting off that reflex to formulate thoughts according to the syntax and vocabulary of your own language, learning language becomes a lot smoother. This reflex is of course more strongly burned-in the older one gets due to the decrease in neuroplasticity as we age. The point of nihilism is that there is no "should." There are no logical conclusions from nihilism except all of them. If you feel a connection to fellow sentient beings, act in accordance with that. If you see them as your tools, then act so. This frees up your moralistic framework to be solely realized by your own ethics. It takes some time to clarify and arrive at them, sure, but it necessitates an active engagement with the world and your influences upon it. Or not. You could just use it as an excuse to live in hedonism or to off yourself. But that choice is entirely yours and you take ownership of it whether you want to or not. Donate to Open Whisper Systems (maintainer of Signal and led by the designer of the encryption protocol therein). It recently became a 501c nonprofit organization following a hefty donation, but one day that will dry up and they will need continued support. I maintain that the best way to get to know an area is to get lost in it. Being on a bike combines the flexibility of off-road paths with the speed of travel being about 5x that of walking. Every time I move to a new city, one of the first things I do is go out with nothing but a bike, my house keys, and a little cash (just in case). Friends are still amazed I can get from one place to another so quickly without resorting to GMaps or similar. I was born in the US, moved to Sweden last year. I live in an area of the country that seems to have been designated as a place to put migrants, and it shows. People have different cultural expectations, and act accordingly. It's no surprise that meshing the two viewpoints is difficult. But the biggest disservice, IMO, is segregating them into their own communities. Here there is no incentive to integrate, and life continues as before--in some ways opposed to the ideals that Sweden tries to set forth. You are what you surround yourself with. Sweden is far from multicultural, and prefers (well, kind of railroaded itself into) playing the "live and let live" card a little too ideologically without considering the long-term impacts. The one that is the most apparent to me is the way housing is handled, and how it affects not only migrants but any immigrant coming here for any purpose. Seems like he's advocating little more than "critically examine your behavior and forgo following stupid conventions if you deem them stupid". He's just giving concrete examples to make easier the connection to what that actually would mean in practice. There are smarter-than-average people working at Tesla; they will figure out what is useless and what can be reasonably applied as productivity measure. They just need to be reminded to consider these things every once in a while, like the rest of us. ABP is pretty widely considered compromised, i.e., sold out. Switch to uBlock Matrix (or uBlock Origin for a drop-in replacement for ABP). Wow, that sounds really illegal. The electric company's behavior, I mean. I wonder if there is a group that would test your power output independently and help push (through legal enforcement) a reduction in charges. Marketing departments everywhere do the same thing you are using to describe "growth hacking." They convene with members of other departments to construct the brand in a way that is cohesive with how the product or service operates (and should be perceived). Europe doesn't quite know what to do with the massive influx of new faces. Governments say 'integration' but they shove them off into corners of the city because they can't afford to take the city housing from the established population. America was literally built by people showing up and carving out a life for themselves. There is something about the culture that offers more room for that to happen once you arrive. Dehydration, really fatty and dense foods, bright screens in dark rooms, and lack of sleep are my triggers. I find aspirin and sipping on water for a while will make the pain subside somewhat, and then a nap will clear it away. I'm not sure if this is really the case physically, but I treat it as if there's a buildup of metabolites in my brain, and that is pretty effective at removing the problem. Just goes to show -- the drug providers making quality product are keeping people safe! People will still seek their escape/bliss, but if they can find something with predictable effects it's way better than allowing free market forces to take over in the vacuum left behind when you bust a drug provider. And Hidden Markov Models (HMMs) are just ones where the symbols are emitted upon interaction with an edge of the graph instead of the node. The nodes are still the "states" of the system, but in general you can't know which state the model is in just by observing the symbols emitted by the edges as there may be equivalent structures in the graph associated with different states. That flipped a couple switches in my head, at least. Now to mentally translate this back to the math. Thanks! We don't know nearly enough about neurons to make any claim either way. We do know that neurons operate by means of ion pumps which are clearly influenced by EM fields and there is evidence that exposure to these fields causes changes in cognition (see transcranial magnetic stimulation). It remains to be seen whether the field is strong enough/with enough structure to meaningfully influence cognition through self-sustaining processes. We know certain analogues of brain-based cognition have certain properties related to information processing but to say we know anything about how neurons process information is way too naive to be taken seriously. Location: Santa Clara, CA Remote: OK, prefer at least twice weekly onsite Willing to relocate: Only to Oakland, CA or nearby Technologies: Python for scientific computing, complex systems analysis and simulations, and ML/AI. I have experience in scientific research, manufacturing, supply chain, and linked data, as well as a strong mathematical background owing to my Physics and Complex Systems degrees. Résumé/CV: https://www.linkedin.com/in/lukasmericle/ Email: Please reach me through LinkedIn The rub here is that you can't just make nature and urban-forest interfaces 'wildfire-safe' because that means cutting down all the vegetation, replacing it with non-native species, or simply removing all access to the vegetated areas. There's really nothing to do besides clear low brush every so often... which fire is better at than humans anyway. > Should controlled burns be done more often to reduce the impact of inevitable wildfires when they do happen? The forest management servicepeople are starting to wake up to this, although there is a lot of inertia in bureaucracy so reform is slow. But controlled underbrush burns are becoming more common. Source: father owns a house in Yosemite National Park. We have to take care of our property by mowing/removing virtually all vegetation within 50ft of the house, but there are also controlled burns semi-regularly in our community performed by USFS. "I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the software engineer's great stumbling block in his stride toward hiring fairness is not the Genius Asshole or the Bullshitter Who Can't Code, but the anonymous internet commenter, who is more devoted to 'pragmatism' than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of reform to a positive peace which is the presence of fairness..." "Anonymous internet commenter" serves as exemplar for all those who say that "we just have to play the game". Careful! I had a very hard time getting interviews for the longest time. It turned out that the main problem was my LaTeX PDF resume and the class file I had made for it. The automatic parsers attached to every online application had a very hard time extracting the information appropriately, and I believe as a consequence that that information never made it to hiring managers' eyeballs. If submitting to online applications, either use a very simply formatted LaTeX class file or do it in Word. Everything reads Word now, since it's basically fancy XML. An eloquent display of Whataboutism, to be sure. Both are implicated, both are guilty. I fear there's little choice for the average citizen besides picking a side and living in relative obscurity. The cynic in me wants to switch that saying around. See Stumpy for a handy library to get this working quickly (written in Python): https://github.com/TDAmeritrade/stumpy It behooves one to read the comment thread replying to Dr. Krugman's post. Many arguments emphasizing the disparity between real output vs. employment in manufacturing. Paul Krugman is wrong surprisingly often about these sorts of things. He cherry-picks one graph and says that this graph, combined with the opinions of cherry-picked esteemed colleagues, supports his conclusion, when ample evidence exists and is provided in near-real-time to refute it. We're not selling your data, you are! The submission title is a heavily edited version of the the article's title only because it wouldn't otherwise fit. "I was just following orders" is an excuse that fell very out of favor last century. Exactly the situation with me and my shoulder. Never got it looked at, because I was in college and it "only hurts a little but it doesn't interfere with normal life goings-on". Now it's still screwed up and I know a lot more about human skeletomuscular back and shoulder anatomy. Are ads like this allowed on HN? What's the dominant source of dust on the road? Would expect a large amount of that to be tire/brake wear. What is Clojure's wheelhouse -- what is it used for? I've met plenty of bootcamp graduates who "know the math" but still can't move from rote recitation to intuitive relation. You can ask for the form of the loss function for "classification" (i.e., the usual cross-entropy) and get it every time. But it is apparent that without a lot of time (which becomes significantly shorter with prior physics/compsci/STEM experience) they can't look at the various tools as building blocks and assemble them into novel machine learning systems. They only understand inductive bias as it pertains to answering trivia about the differences between CNNs and RNNs. Disclaimer to say this is an anecdote but one that is reflected across a number of my colleagues, most of whom I trust not to fall prey to numerous cognitive biases. As hiring pools get bigger, the pressure to "just fill seats" increases to strong diminishing returns on investment. 5x R&D spending means probably more like 2x R&D output, with a lot more noise in the design and development processes that create opportunities for bad ideas to filter through all the way to production. Breadth can also be considered "diversity" in this case, i.e., experiencing the cat against many different background environments and the time-evolution of the sensory readings attributable to the cat relative to that background. Breadth also refers perhaps to the massively parallel sensor streams. The sense of touch is not one experience, but the amalgamation of millions of experiences -- one per nerve ending. So far the sensor platforms we develop artificially have on the order of 1000s of sensors, not the millions that distinguish the combination of temperature and pressure at certain "optimized" key points. Rote and myopic counterarguments do not a futurism-oriented discussion make. >Is your idea of better actual cages and thin mattresses on the floor but with the cool president instead of higher quality conditions but the crass president? False dichotomy, intellectual dishonesty, etc. How about abolishing inhumane practices, period? How about not trying to placate victims to abuse by saying "oh it's not so bad, at least you have real beds"? If all you need to do is deploy AI without training it or developing the algorithm/architecture, then yes, fast.ai is fine. The problem occurs when people conflate the knowledge needed for deployment with the knowledge needed for development. Members of the younger generation (myself included) have little experience with administrations who demonstrate their fealty to the abstract ideals of the USA. We have, with few exceptions, not been led by people who have the US populace -- in contrast to its economy and hegemony -- at the forefront of their minds. NAFTA, and globalization more broadly, and its effects has progressed to the point where the promises of prosperity in the age of unfettered trade should have shown some signs of success at the personal level by now -- and yet, here we are. We see and hear about other parts of the world which are harmed by these policies. The authorities on the matter, however, explain it away by pointing at GDP growth curves. But these great results aren't reflected in our lives: burdened by debt and historically low net worths, we've lost faith in those who came before us who keep telling us it's all part of the game. Not so if we were born 70 years ago. To a large extent, I'd say that this has resulted in a cynical and rather extreme position of "actions speak louder than words". Those who represent the USA, being elected officials in keeping with the mythos of the modern representative democracy, are doing a poor job of showing their decency, if there is any hidden inside to begin with. The notable exception is of course Bernie Sanders, who, even if somewhat ineffective during his time in office, was and is steadfast, honest, and genuinely caring about the people individually and as a whole. He demonstrates his alignment with the people's needs far more than anyone else in the political field today, even as hamstrung as he was, aside from maybe Elizabeth Warren. The rest are opportunists, lying through their teeth and brushing off serious blemishes on their record to their own detriment. See: Bernie's policy platforms 4 years ago and how much is reflected in nearly all candidates' platforms today. We're pretty peeved that this blatant deceit is lost on the older generations. From our (my) perspective, the USA has always been shoddy and the people haven't cared about grave injustices as long as their lot in life is stable. Only a few shining stars have risen in those 250-ish years that have made any real progress on ethical issues. Being born in 1949, the aftermath of WWII, when the US experienced perhaps its starkest wealth increase on a national and personal level (think American Dream, green lawns, and white picket fences!) and the pathos was high to pursue such ideals, would have still been a boon. Yes one probably would have been drafted into Vietnam but in my view even the national conversation about that war was a healthy one for the country. > when cynicism breeds obedience Is this meant to mean that persistent cynicism becomes closed-mindedness and a disengagement from the root issues? Would you mind expanding? I believe (to first order) all judgments are based on calculations, but with the caveat of sample bias. So to that end, I have reached this conclusion based on my personal experience with what I've lived and observed. I recognize my limited perspective but cannot comprehend its limits or what lies beyond, but my emotional charge remains fixed to what my experience has shown me so far. Passive cooling with no rent costs is hard to beat. Just gotta get to the bottom of the ocean first. All the emoji tell me are "this product is as immature as the copy used to promote it". Never have I seen a functional, scalable product advertised with emoji in the headers of the intro page. Or pictures of people on the sides of sprinter vans. Or bikes on trailers on the backs of cars. Or pickup trucks stuffed to the gills with Lime scooters. Or... Good that autonomous driving companies won't pay me for my contribution to the software that underpins their R&D? "My own complaint" is one on which the success of autonomous vehicles hinges. It's not an arbitrary critique at all -- all these things will be misclassified and mistreated unless explicitly included in the training process (until ML gets smarter). The fat tail strikes again. "Benefiting the world" sounds great except we're embedded in a capitalist system for which the net gain on utility from this action is negative -- the super-corporations capitalizing on my unpaid work will further contribute to the economic inequality that beleaguers everyone who works for a wage. All open source is not equal. Fetishizing "open source," without considering the use cases and who may profit from it, is not something I feel comfortable doing. I'm not ragging on open source as a concept, just that this example particularly is a bad one for justifying its utility. The only episode to cause me to physically cringe during the whole viewing. Carbon emitted as a result of manufacturing should count toward the destination country, not the production country. China supplies the world a lot of goods. It doesn't seem appropriate to put the onus on China when the end result of that production run brings all that stuff over to another country. Yes, rent control doesn't magically solve the problem by itself. But it shores up the defenses of less-advantaged renters. Of course some opportunistic high earners will insert themselves into this system. There should be something in place alongside rent control to minimize that. It's important to reiterate that this isn't an issue with companies, nor with people per se. The issue is that the bottom line is the only incentive in capitalist economies. One can dream up other forms of economies where the incentive would not be there. Some have already been discussed in great detail over the past couple centuries. This is exactly the reason the USSR fell. Sure, a lot of morally reprehensible actions were performed on innocent citizens, but that's not what actually ended it. The US et al. fought the USSR by destroying their crops and imposing high tariffs. The USSR couldn't produce everything it needed and so suffered because it still had to defer to the capitalist nations for the rest (who were, measured using the capitalist GDP metric, accelerating far in front of the USSR). The "communism" employed by the leaders of the USSR wasn't as profit-hungry as other strategies and so the federation suffered. Shutting down an opportunity for whistleblowing against a company that knowingly preys on minors using the addictive properties of tobacco products -- because of potentially identifiable information -- seems ludicrous. With all the discussion on HN about "technical debt" I wonder why the same sort of strategies to avoid technical debt aren't applied outside the domain of software engineering. Sure, it's effort now to do the smarter-but-harder thing, but the payoff will be huge in a few decades. Sure beats having a police state that is precipitated by goody-two-shoes demanding video surveillance of nearly all public roads in the USA. There is no identifying information. Could be any actors' sons, could be any of maybe 400 clubs in Hollywood, and anyway that behavior isn't a breach of contract for something like an investment prospectus unless they also had to sign an NDA. You don't have to deal with air travel wait times when visiting locations which are separated by great distances. Not sure if that was the actual use. Similar reason as to why Wal-Mart has a fleet of private jets. For better or worse, they are a powerhouse and are changing the landscape of corporate retail. Advertisement is manipulation. Working in tech obscures the proportion of how many people truly are stuck when asked to do algebra of any flavor. I assume he's relating 1) the force of gravity, composition and distribution of our atmosphere, and incredible velocity required for orbit, to 2) the chemical potential of fuels and the limits of structural strength for materials to carry cargo to orbit. I haven't run the numbers, but he's right: it's pretty hard to get something that can carry itself to orbit. It has to climb out of the atmosphere directly against gravitational force and atmospheric drag, and then as early as possible turn sideways and start accelerating to around 28000kph while making sure the rocket is pointed in the right direction and holding together. You need a lot of propellant to get to that state, which means you have to carry it around until you need it, which means the machine needs to be much bigger than just the cargo, which means that all of your challenges just magnified by many orders of magnitude. Complexity as defined in most scientific disciplines today refers to systems which are "greater than the sum of their parts," i.e., where the behavior of the whole system cannot be predicted by looking at each component in isolation, but only can be understood by the action and interaction between components and how that evolves over time. Most systems of interest are too big to enumerate all the possible n-ary interactions between constituent parts, so we must study them by other means: probe plausible simulations, define and compute statistics from observable data, or fit models which capture plausible correlations. To complicate this further, it usually takes just one cycle or feedback loop in the network / system to introduce enough complexity that most traditional analytical mathematical tools break down. I studied complex (adaptive) systems as my Master's education and can confirm most techniques reduce to "linearize around the important bits and extrapolate from there". Examples of complex systems include: social networks (IRL and online), economies, biological systems. Machine learning is one of the most promising tools for probing these because if we can fit an appropriate model, we can hopefully capture enough of the behavior that we can reliably extrapolate to unseen data / states. SAT solvers are really fast now. Some sort of "neural SAT problem definition" followed by solving it seems to be an interesting direction, but I'm relatively naive on it all. Not sure how training would work since there's no backprop through Boolean logic. You're lucky you get to die soon enough for that to be appropriate. The reticence of politicians to address climate change is strongly correlated with their age. Of course there are outliers but it seems clear that "I'm not going to be alive when the shit hits the fan" does a lot to assuage existential anxieties related to climate change. Comparing the behavior of people now to people 20-40 years ago seems dishonest. Many new technologies have prevailed since then, and cultures around consumption have rapidly shifted. We should consider instead the current consumption habits of both cohorts for an appropriate comparison. Who knows? Answers to these questions might spur discussion on connections between cellular automata and other computational constructions. I think that's Wolfram's angle -- justify the cellular-automata-is-everything tack that he's been on the past 20-30 years. Such is the distinction between what is good in a utilitarian sense and what is good in an ethical sense. Blind and dogmatic utilitarianism says "it's in the politician's best interest to suppress the citizenry". Ethics says "it's in the people's interest for the politician to be nice to them". It should be a good thing to weed out bad students. It's not a good thing that there are bad students. I'd argue genes are negligible here anyway. Just exposure to such elite high-performing family and friends goes a long way to making high-performing people. The barrier to entry for a lot of people isn't even being good/smart enough -- it's being familiar with or having the resources to navigate the bureaucracy that obfuscates the opportunities which are ostensibly open to "everyone". Different technologies emit CO2 at different rates. Different technologies are prevalent in society at different times. That's my only point. Didn't mean to make it sound so harsh, "dishonest" wasn't meant to be a reflection of your intention. I chose the wrong word. Not to mention the "useful idiot". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Useful_idiot You can perform outlier detection with the 'autoencoder' architecture. Usually you hear this term in the context of neural networks but actually applies for any method which performs dimensionality reduction and which also has an inverse transform defined. --- 1) Reduce the dimensionality of your data, then perform the inverse transform. This will project your data onto a subset of the original space. 2) Measure the distance between the original data and this 'autoencoded' data. This measures the distance from the data to that particular subspace. Data which is 'described better' by the transform will be closer to the subspace and is more 'typical' of the data and its associated underlying generative process. Conversely, the data which is far away is atypical and can be considered an outlier or anomalous. --- Precisely which dimensionality reduction technique (PCA, neural networks, etc.) is chosen depends on which assumptions you wish to encode into the model. The vanilla technique for anomaly/outlier detection using neural networks relies on this idea, but encodes almost zero assumptions beyond smoothness in the reduction operation and its inverse. Percent impact is non-negligible when you consider the impatience of the average consumer. The symbols with which our minds reason about our circumstances are truly interesting. Makes sense that people are trying to "see behind the veil" and tease out what those symbols effect. That would seem to have a major chilling effect on hiring practices across the board. For what it's worth, the reduced friction for companies in the hiring process, i.e., not having to explain every decision, moves the process along fast enough to keep the economy churning. I'm not sure that would be the case if all that bureaucracy were installed into the process. "Self-made" is almost always a misnomer because there's a point very early in the process of accruing wealth where you use it to bootstrap its own operations, i.e., you start paying other people for their output to collect a net profit. At that point, "self-made" no longer applies because now other people are involved. At what point that transition happens determines how "self-made" they are, but no one is ever 100% that, and if we go by "percentage of current wealth needed to bootstrap" it's certainly well below 1%. The global nature of today's economy, the complexity of navigating commerce and industry, and the sheer magnitude of output required to be profitable, makes it hard to do anything all by yourself. If we consider each person their own island with cash in- and outflow, then everyone is self-made. If we consider the global network of money changing hands, no one is self-made. That's literally what everyone does. It's called "investment". This conflates "self-made" with "started with nothing". In some ways they align but they're not useful as synonyms. The major difference between inheriting money and attracting investors is that you need to be more convincing for the latter to get the money on offer. The investor to whom you are otherwise a stranger might want to put some contract together to make sure they see a slice of the pie if you're successful (big if!), but if you fail they don't demand their money back. But how can you call it "self-made" if you're using someone else's money? It doesn't matter which pocket it comes from, at some point very early in the process you are dependent on the pocketbooks of others. You can't take credit for someone else's work. If I was capable of issuing every possible order to every employee, am I more entitled to the profits derived from their output if they happen to do something I mentioned? Effort is effort -- I'm not saying billionaires did nothing to achieve their wealth. I'm saying that mythologizing them according to some sort of reverse-anachronistic fetish of rugged individualism/pioneering/entrepreneurship is fallacious. Effort to attract investors is a key to opening doors but don't pretend that the people who have the money you're asking for didn't do you a massive favor. Yes. To employ people is to invest in them. This rhetoric is not uncommon in business. You have spent/are spending money so that eventually it comes back as more money. What else is "investment"? Considering how much of the economy is derivatives, options, and futures trading, this isn't exactly a surprise. I'm no economist but the fact that we're using less of the most fundamental resources available despite a growing population doesn't seem like improving efficiency in aggregate, it just seems like decreasing activity masked by the inflated aggregated metrics about the 'economy'. A lot of money moves around nowadays and relatively little of it is actually put toward something "real", instead being diverted to quant firms' operational costs and their employees' bank accounts. It is surprising, because it seems like such an obvious fix to the problem of stripped EXIF data. Couldn't be that hard to implement a user setting which tells the app to rotate the file itself before saving. This is a major oversight for the companies who develop camera apps. The major ones even have whole teams dedicated to that single app. Coming back to ancient software design principles: > The user is always right Let them have a setting. It's really that easy. That may be your experience based on what you shop for and where you do it. America is way behind Europe on this. 99% of the time I go to Safeway, I have to bring out my calculator because the reference volume/weight is different from the other items on the same shelf. Related: what's the name for this tactic in debate? Where a dissenter insistently demand citations so that the conversation has to pause and then the dissenter nitpicks the citation instead of the argument, effectively derailing the conversation. It's hard to see this account (jbang5) as anything but an internet troll who, if not literally on the payroll from the Chinese government, is still a useful idiot for their cause. ~0% of sampled trees does not necessarily mean ~0% certainty that we have found the oldest tree, since tree ages are correlated strongly with each other in local neighborhoods. We know where to look to find "oldish" trees and then narrow our search there. No need to sample trees from a new growth forest to be reasonably certain how old they are. When did it become the norm that bankrupted corporations continue operations pretty much as normal? I'm sure there's a lot of activity on the back end navigating bankruptcy law, but I remember when companies would go bankrupt and then promptly shut everything down. Surveys always have a self-selection bias. It's entirely possible people were worried about retaliation if they said anything different. 1. People were (are) not able to remember more than maybe 5000 faces. 2. Each person back then would know their data is being collected, and exactly which kinds, because they are present and engaged when it happens. 3. We can sort of, kind of trust humans and sort of, kind of predict their decisions because we're not that different. We are nowhere near that stage yet with computers. We also know that putting that sort of information into people's hands, with the economy we have today, incentivizes misuse. Every time something like this comes up, I imagine a bunch of giddy "world-changers" sitting behind Mac Pros with Retina displays and T3 lines, building something that works great under those conditions, and then convincing each other that they've helped people over $16 microbrews. I know this is a caricature but it's how I get my kicks. To wit, the conditions that the engineers inhabit in their lives has basically zero resemblance with the technology experience of the vast majority of people. Designing websites for 4K screens only, expecting Big cities could benefit if a lot of the load on existing networks shifts to Starlink. Better service for everyone. Not everything is simply competition / winner-take-all in market economics, even if that's the tendency. Another point which may be missing from the analysis: if I were Musk and I wanted 3000 satellites in orbit I'd probably also make a filing for 10x that and see how much I can get / how much I will need to meet demand. Most tech-company engineers don't live in bad parts of town nor in the countryside, so I have a hard time believing that. Apologists for Facebook's operational decisions, and Facebook's operational professionals themselves, are represented by the foreman. Depends who is the "we" The point is it wasn't ad hoc object manipulation + cube solving, the hand had its hand held regarding which macro-action it was supposed to take next. The PR I've seen about it doesn't make this clear and is happy to leave the ambiguity because it means more publicity, rather than demonstrating a better understanding of editorial ethics. That's correct, and also not the concern. Your point is valid but isn't really a counterargument to what OP said. There is a balance to be struck. Some sort of half-local/half-global optimization algorithm running in the "smart grid" would be a good idea. eBay... Well, they do, but only in aggregate and pretty indirectly: surveys, focus groups, requests for feedback, etc. Leftists are very against this sort of exploitative and unethical behavior. In fact, socialists push for employee ownership (and thus decision-making power) of corporations, precisely so that some schmo at the top can't strip the company and leave (and so people are paid in proportion to the value of their labor). That's true in vacuum. Light traveling through a medium has to reflect off of or absorb/re-emit from everything it bumps into, so it goes slower. Shortly after the 2016 election I did some research into election and social choice theory. First-past-the-post is clearly the worst system possible. But ranked-choice also has strange artifacts where voting for your actual favorite as your first-rank choice means they might have a lower chance of winning. A much simpler method in my opinion is approval voting: the ballot instructs, "Who do you think would perform the duties of the office to your approval? Check all names that apply." Then whoever gets the most checkmarks in aggregate is the winner. No spoiler effect, easily-understood vote tallying system, and reflects true approval in the population of voters. It can be adapted to multi-seat races just by taking the top n winners. Ka-Ping Yee simulated elections using a number of recognized methods for counting votes[1]. I believe that the best system will be one which is easily-understood at the ballot box and behaves as similarly to the Condorcet method as possible. According to these simulations, it appears that approval voting is the best. No election method will meet all the requirements for an ideal one[2] so it comes down to which conditions you want to enforce and which are less important. IMO, monotonicity is very important while the later-no-harm criterion can be interpreted as a compromise which is necessary for strategic voting. [1] http://zesty.ca/voting/sim/ [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arrow%27s_impossibility_theore... Oh fantastic, I hadn't realized Nicky Case did a post on this too! The chart at the bottom demonstrating the range of "Bayesian regret" caught my eye when I first started looking into all of this 3 years ago. It roughly measures aggregate societal satisfaction with respect to the result of the election versus their own preferences. Strategic ballots in approval voting reduce to FPTP -- there's not really much room for a concerted effort to sway an election one way or another, since this strategy will be shared by large swaths of each candidate's voter base and so is roughly negligible. And people will feel that "their voice is heard" which I strongly encourage as political engagement is contingent on feeling like it's worth it. Interesting, this must be relatively new. They introduce a slight modification to IRV that mitigates its artifacts. But you can see even in the video that some remain. I'm not sure if or why people might feel more satisfied casting their votes as a partial ranking versus as a binary approval. But it seems like STAR works great for the former group, approval for the latter. That Hamming quote reflects on something I've felt in my gut to be important for a long time: there is nothing more intuitive than a cohesive internal world model, where all conclusions are "trivial" because these hooks which you reference carry us through the logical deductions automatically. Everything makes sense because there's a basal (axiomatic) set of rules with which to interpret the things we encounter, and a helpful set of heuristic functions which help us quickly decide further actions. Learning is the process of turning a datum sans context into another node in the great graph database in our head, and learning rules over which to operate on this graph. I'm guessing a large proportion of the feedback to the design and development teams comes from the people who obsess over everything Apple. It would explain why the engineers never thought to inform the larger population -- everyone giving feedback already knew it was there. Such is life when we optimize for the majority. We end up optimizing to only about the top 80% of searches, which are sometimes the flavor of "what is that website where everyone is friends with each other and I can see my grandkids' photos?" or "word for ice in latin". It would be great if the system could infer the level of specificity associated with the query. Some people are just exploring a topic while others want to get to a more detailed document sooner. Yikes, that sounds like a software architecture problem. The "infer which words are more likely to get good results" layer and the "search for things using words" layer are blind to each other's behaviors. How do Google's engineering teams get away with this obvious error? For how much they're paid, you'd expect them to be better about things that passive observers readily notice. Don't they use their own product, anyway? I managed to train most of them to run into the walls. Just gotta make sure the ones that do are the last to die. Boots are for cars which are not worth towing. Really cheap cars are unlikely to make any money if you bring it to a towyard. A Lambo, if damaged, would cost more in incidental repair than you would get out of the owner. Nihilism, after all the "nothing is real" hemming and hawing, is a free pass to define life how you want to. It aligns closely with Eastern traditions along these lines. Sod-as-a-Service (SaaS) Real-estate-as-speculation is the root cause. Everyone else just got caught up playing the game. Doesn't make those who participated blameless, but helps to identify the simplest way to repair some of the damage. What else helps is not assuming you know the content of TFA from its title. Women, collectively (at least in the sphere of the "public conversation"), are growing increasingly tired of dealing with men and their idiosyncracies. Or rather, they are realizing there are alternatives to silently accepting the errant behavioral traits. No one is making an absolute value claim of the two genders, so your comment is at best begging a divisive question that isn't relevant here. Whataboutism already? No one is challenging your claim either. Women are capable of making subjective value judgments and many who are willing to talk about it are demonstrating them. I think it'll be hard to come up with a legally defensible reason to demand that they shut down all research efforts without looking like it's a vendetta. Also, Uber's business plan is 100% to maintain share in the rideshare market until their cars drive themselves. That is the end game here. To shut down their self-driving research is to doom the company entirely. Not that I'd be against that. Would be great to see Uber die. It's already caused enough headache and pain. Delivery drivers make traffic conditions dangerous by forcing cyclists out into the road at every block and limiting visibility curbside. The hydrophobic properties of the OP are from a cushion of air. So whatever you're keeping in the bottle shouldn't degrade when exposed to oxygen for that to work. Is the surface tension of water different when in the presence of different gases? Stated intention and actual intention are different. And besides, even if that is the intention... this company is way too big and influential to be making blatant privacy violations and having internet commenters try to sell the public on a corporation's ethics. I want to be where you are. How can I get in contact with you? The public became aware of remote non-consensual hardware access about 5 iPhones ago. And since the laptops all have that feature... it looks like Apple is aware of the problem. Surely there is some crosstalk in the company between product designers. With a company like Apple, anything less is inexcusable. I implore you to enter the nearest dive bar or Applebee's and ask people what is "common knowledge" with respect to digital privacy. Yes, we are surrounded by people who live and breathe these sorts of details. For many of us, it's our day jobs. We have to uphold some sense of decency and ethics at the highest levels in order to protect those who are otherwise unaware of the threats. It's "too" general purpose. They're aiming for the "80" part of the "80/20 rule", and in the process are really good at answering natural-language queries but very bad at keyword-ified queries. So many people use their service for answering otherwise basic questions that it's become a basic-question-answering system. I suspect also, under the hood, that when the user leaves the search page and never returns they consider that a successful serve and reinforce that sort of behavior more. Whereas I leave to search the same thing on other engines because Google became useless for my job, which requires specific answers to technical questions. So I think there might be some built-in positive-feedback loops that are reinforcing this sort of behavior. Either that or peoples' queries really are that boring, all the time. They removed the + operator because they wanted people to be able to search "G+", "Google+" and "Google +" in addition to Google Plus. Interesting that they haven't reverted it yet, though, considering that Google Plus is now utterly defunct. {$BIG_N_TECH_CO}'s customers are the advertisers. They are serving their customers, and they're doing it well. Breaking ground today, a nuclear reactor will be operational after about 10 years. In that time, other forms of energy generation (with no major lasting effects following catastrophic failure) and storage are getting cheaper, and if that happens at a sufficiently fast (e.g. half-life (heh) of price of a few years) than fission reactors will be priced out before they even start running. No ROI for 10 years at least. Other technologies are getting cheaper, better, faster. It's already been done by another group of researchers.[1] I'm not sure if that was a factor in their choice of Swift. [1] https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.07587 There is no reason for them to do this except to have 100% visibility into your purchasing behavior. To serve you more ads, better. My housemate is not careful with their digital privacy so their devices are all unambiguously theirs and the profile assembled by advertisers is likely cohesive across platforms. Two days ago they said they've been getting a lot more ads about prescription vaginal creams lately. This wasn't happening a week ago. There is reason to expect that someone with access to their medical history would segment them as a likely target for such ads. The topic hasn't come up in their life recently so it would have had to have been from medical records. To be perfectly clear: this probably wouldn't be happening if Google was telling the truth about not using the data for ads. It's time to stop believing ad networks when they say they're "not going to use this data for ads" and "are doing everything they can to keep the data safe". Singular anecdatum, I know, but if we find enough examples of similar occurrences we may be able to build a strong case that they're simply lying about the security of our data in their hands. For a really simple improvement to the visuals, smooth the data with smoothing splines before performing the race, then subsample/interpolate between your data points for a smoother feel. Every time I see the "ka-chunk" as yearly data is iterated through in lockstep fashion, especially on a certain corner of the internet where "data is (or should be) beautiful", I cringe. What could the problem be, then? Do we point fingers at capitalism? As far as I see it, this is the logical conclusion to capitalism and free markets. Manufacturers produce a product and sell it to many suppliers who all rebrand and mark up in their own ways, competing with each other for market share. As consumers, we are presented with basically only this option because the suppliers have all won the race to the bottom. There's no more room in the market for slightly-more-expensive things unless they work way better than the slightly-less-expensive copycat stuff, because it's not worth the time or energy to compete with the poor-quality stuff. But as a result, we as consumers no longer have "choice" in the market because of China (et al.)'s manufacturing capabilities and leverage driving this phenomenon. Coupled with the consumers' relative disinterest in products of proper quality, because what they have access to is already good enough for the moment, how can we ever expect the crapification of commodities to reverse? I don't think trying to shove this model into a gradient-descent framework makes the most sense here. I'm an ML (industry) researcher and I highly doubt that AGI will be achieved with gradient descent on neural networks alone. Those may play a small role somewhere in the stack but the orchestration and reasoning will be managed by something else entirely. Neural networks today are fancy MLE machines -- nowhere close to reasoning machines, which require an "understanding" (whatever that means in this context) of dynamics with respect to the environment. Seems more appropriate to start with a population of agents who reproduce at a rate proportional to their recent rewards, and allow them to die off at a rate inversely proportional to the same, a la a continuously-evolving genetic algorithm setup. You may have to modify the reward function to disincentivize behaviors which cause systemwide collapse, but that goes without saying. I lived in Sweden for a little over a year. This sound wasn't the hardest to figure out, but it's one of the harder ones to remember to use since the natural instinct is to make the "syuh" sound. To make the sound with your mouth, make a really guttural 'H' sound like a golf swing. What a romantic and uncynical view on humanity. I wish I could see things the way you do. But the evidence around me (and within me!) says otherwise. Yeah, this is like the "early access" video games that never end up being released. That's 500ug, or about 5x the standard "introductory" dose. Put `sci-hub.tw/' in front of the URL and reload. I've had terrible luck the past couple years with Spotify's Discover Weekly. Last time I remember it being good was Fall 2016. Now my "Discover" Weekly playlist has me "discovering" the same exact songs over and over. I've been pigeonholed way beyond what I thought possible. Do other users really engage with the same 10 songs over and over and over that this is the default behavior of their recommendation engine? I get "Discover" tracks which are from the same album I have downloaded to my phone! Profit margins take a backseat to citizen welfare in questions of ethics. Just participating in a culture or practice does not mean one is appropriating it. Yeah, over a billion people, all loyal to the cause. Machine learning is sloppy and imperfect now but if anyone is going to get out ahead of the pack first, it would seem to be China. Especially since they are not held to the same accountability as other nations due to the West's relatively weak influence, and they are more comfortable with locking up the wrong person just to make sure they catch the right one too. Good call. I agree with you and I don't feel that requiring that level of user engagement should be necessary to grant them a decent experience. This is a good first place to start: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-organization Forms can be quantified by the entropy with respect to its component parts -- generally, the more ordered, the less entropy. Constructing things broadly corresponds to reducing the entropy of the set of configurations of the components. Lots of people "work hard", and almost none of them are rich. So obviously it's not "working hard" that gives you that money. At some point very early on, your money starts making money and you cease to do "work" to make that number grow. It seems inappropriate to equivocate capital gains with gainful employment. For simply-vectorizable analysis, sure, but in my work I often have to apply a nontrivial transformation to the data en masse and I'd rather define a single function which defines the transformation on each row to trying to wrestle the problem into one of matrix multiplications and additions. It doesn't appear to be a statement of political alignment but of risk-aversive behavior. >Fully Automated Gay Space Luxury Communism For those having trouble parsing that acronym. That's a PDF which has been compiled by LaTeX. Does this have implications for low-level backdoors/exploits? Satirical-edgy leftist meme pages I don't see how this refutes anything GP or GGP is saying. What I mean is, when you join a team and that team is more productive than if each member were working alone, then every member of the team's value is higher when they are a member of that team. "In general, I think it's better to focus on everything else. How can we solve this?" Surely you're joking. That is utterly dominant. Market-shaping, even. There's a difference between stocking your own products alongside the alternatives and marketing your own products to the exclusion of the alternatives. If you're doing only one or the other, there's no problem. If you're doing both, there's a serious asymmetry and you are taking money from the alternatives' suppliers under false pretenses. The suppliers expect to be on equal footing with its competitors. At this stage, Amazon's products should be considered one supplier out of many and shouldn't be offered special treatment because it belongs to the retailer. When you walk into your local grocer, they aren't putting all the house brand stuff in the front and hiding the name brand stuff in a stockroom where you need to specifically ask for it. Have you ever heard the term "monopoly"? They do by soft power -- leveraging their position in the market to make the alternatives completely unprofitable, thus literally preventing you from selling on other platforms. I'm using the word more in a literal sense than a legal one. All I mean is the e-commerce space is becoming increasingly "monopolar" due to Amazon's activities. You require capital to survive. If you have no capital, the ways to get some are welfare, charity, inheritance, or employment. Barring the first three, your only option to get capital is to seek and get employment. The operative word being "only" here, this relationship is inherently nonconsensual, and a power dynamic emerges between employer and employee where the employee is cornered to bending to the employer's demands. If another employer offers better terms, you may "choose" to switch employers, but this is a false choice as that power dynamic never goes away. How this relationship plays out in practice comes down to the employer's behaviors and how much they want to exploit that power dynamic, and by transitivity the employee. The situation in Bolivia probably had a significant effect. There's lots of lithium mines there. The new (read: coup) government knows this I'm sure and is looking to get rich off of it at the expense of the indigenous population. Ah, I was mistaken. I thought they were extracting it. > I don't agree that high speed is a "human right" What makes access to high-speed internet a privilege as opposed to a right? Why shouldn't everyone be guaranteed access to high-speed internet? Victimhood is not a persistent state. It is a momentary one. They are no longer victims to the Axis powers. They are imprisoning and "re-educating" millions of their citizens because the region they live in (Xinjiang) is really important economically for China. Those citizens are treated similarly to how the Jews were treated by Nazis, i.e. put in concentration camps and villainized, although they haven't escalated (as far as we know) to extermination practices. Your argument starts with a false premise, which is that because the providers code the delivery of high-speed internet as a "consumer service" that it is thus not a right. By your same logic, if I began charging people to have access to the court system and a fair trial (which is arguably the case in the US today anyway) and treat the judicial system as a "consumer service," then it would cease to be a right. That is hardly an argument, I'm sorry to say. Government exists solely to provide wellbeing to the citizens of a sovereignty. If a sovereignty has zero citizens, a government has zero utility. People forcing governments to take care of them is really the only rational thing for governed people to do. > It's no more a human right than diet coke or owning a vehicle is. It's a tool. Access to essential tools (judicial system, healthcare, shelter, nourishment, etc.) is a human right, broadly speaking. The internet is quickly becoming an essential tool for carrying out nontrivial activities in our modern society. > the internet will grant you access to knowledge you wouldn't otherwise have Then I am forced to conclude that you also believe that education is not a human right on the same grounds. Academics simply don't have the time to learn languages that do not have substantial ecosystems and relative ease-of-use. Positive rights are a tool for expanding government services . This hardly grants power to the government except when citizens become dependent on it. Which is the case a priori, since the government acts as protector for the citizenry. So the relationship between government and citizen becomes at least no more exploitative than it was when introducing the service of positive rights. People see it that way because Duolingo explicitly markets themselves that way. I invite you to go to their splash page for an example. https://www.duolingo.com/ The Julia programming language's development started explicitly to address this sentiment. Frozen dinners seem to have come a long way, even in the past 10 years. My father is on a diet plan and the way he does it is to have basically nothing in his house except "healthy" frozen meals and healthy-ish snacks like nut mixes and apple chips. The word healthy is in scare quotes but actually they seem relatively okay: a good amount of grains, usually enough veggies to satisfy a serving or two, and enough protein to feel sated. Just don't reach into the freezer aisle blindly and you can come out with something decent. If you can't muster the energy at the end of your day to cook a meal, these are a pretty decent substitute. I have a feeling there are more than a few restaurants which do basically exactly this. It's about maximizing density, which corresponds roughly to 1) minimizing energy by making the aggregate have as low of a center-of-gravity as possible, and 2) minimizing entropy of the arrangements of the components. Often energy and entropy minimization coincide quite closely but don't exactly share the same minimum nor optimization path. >"yes, working in relative isolation, for years, with little pay, on a topic most people don't care about, sign me up!" The question is whether the person making that decision feels forced into that decision because of the circumstances in their life. I think a lot of people who have issues during their PhD are there because they are under immense pressure -- from their parents, peers, or wallets -- and the life of a grad student can only compound that stress rather than alleviate it by providing some measure of satisfaction. Where may one find good datasets for this sort of research? I'm interested in making AI musicians. > I was taught to save a percentage of my paycheck no matter what it was This is part of the lottery. You were very fortunate to have been raised such that you are familiar with the ways in which money can work for you. Being born into a situation where this isn't the case is already a huge detriment, not to speak of actual hardships once you're on your way. It's not a stretch to think that even half of those people in paycheck-to-paycheck lifestyles are this way. > but there's just no way three quarters of Americans are in that situation There is. Medical emergencies, as a contained example, are not isolated incidents -- when they affect caregivers, the whole next generation (or two! or more!) can be affected so heavily that the family essentially loses all their wealth in the span of a few years. More broadly, the community steps up to help out those in need, but often those in need are already in communities of need. One chink in the armor can drag down a whole network of people, and the strength of that can be unexpectedly high. If government welfare was more comprehensive and less difficult for poverty-stricken people to access (see: means testing and the time sink of waiting in lines), this would not be nearly as much of an issue. The "free market" sucks people dry if and when it gets the chance. As an aside, the attitude of GP is very common for people with only one or a couple dependents, or else a solid support network, and no experience of ever being without a safety net. It really is terrifying to be poor, and this further exacerbates the issues when you are forced to make consequential decisions under that constant low-burning stress response. The assertions like GP are laughable every time they come up. Having no liquidity is not the same as living paycheck-to-paycheck. LP2P means not being able to scrounge up any money for vital necessities until the next pay period. Most doctors (and for that matter, most people who complain about high COL lifestyles while working in tech) can obviously pull a bit of cash from their investment accounts if need be. Yes there are fees attached but you can handle those. LP2P means you're living in your car if you can't get the money in the next 4 weeks. I was wondering when our cars would become our wallets. Guess I'll have to wait for the answer. The skill of making music well enough that I can trust a machine to emulate my style is unfortunately absent in me. Your response is not only patronizing but also loaded with false premise. It's also apparently wrong: https://magenta.tensorflow.org/datasets Thanks for your contribution. > better management of personal financial capital won't be effective in helping people who can't cover an unexpected $400 expense, because those people have no financial capital to begin with One of the biggest tells for who is on what side of the "the economy is strong! what's the big deal?" debate is whether they have invested capital. The economy being strong only helps people who are literally invested in the economy. This is not the case for a large swath of American citizens because they have no capital to begin investing. The pundit/technocrat/plutocrat/professorial-managerial classes of people all take it as a given that investment is even a thing. It's the fish-asks-what's-water of armchair economics. If everyone's a shareholder of something, then sure, the economy being great means everyone is benefiting. But if that money is limited to circulating among people with financial instruments working for them (in a literal sense), then obviously there's a large portion of the population who is being left out. When your hiring process encourages critical thinkers, don't be surprised when they become critics. Objectivity is moot when all your rhetoric is pushed into emotional triggers. My experience with CNN is it's for whipping up discontent, and using news bytes to do it. As an example, and this is totally anecdotal, the past few times I've flipped to CNN they weren't talking about the serious news of the day, e.g. impeachment proceedings, but rather spent all their time on "gut-wrenching" (their word, used maybe 4x per minute while I watched) stories like the family who was killed by Mexican cartels 1.5 months ago, when the first rumblings of impeachment started proper. I sensed nothing in the broadcast but effort to keep eyeballs glued to the screen. No interest in reporting in any way "objectively" except when that means "restate the same 4 factoids about this story until we wait for someone else to come in with a 5th". No appropriate analysis, no demonstration of understanding that cartel warfare has been rampant in Mexico for decades and the caravan that was targeted looked an awful lot like a drug transport caravan from far away, nothing. If it's a #2 all over you'll have no problem finding the remaining patches with your hands. No mirrors needed, just feel your head. This is true for most guards about #4 and below. Above that and the length of the hairs are not different enough to feel the differences. Some of the most unsafe driving I've seen is from those Amazon Sprinter vans. I blame Amazon more than the driver. That's the biggest middle finger in workers' faces I've seen: the re-appropriation of "be your own boss" rhetoric where in actuality you are under a very specific contract and "flexibility" is replaced by race-to-the-bottom exploitation. Rideshare and food delivery gig companies are the worst offenders. Dr. Death IRL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Kevorkian Our Christmas bonus this year at our small startup was a large Amazon gift card. I'm intensely conflicted on applying it to my account. But that amount of money is not insignificant and I feel almost obligated to use it despite my ethical qualms with Amazon. How might my fellow HN denizens navigate this situation? I already asked HR and they don't want to exchange it for cash because "we already bought it" and "we don't want the bonus to be taxable income". That's the narrative, yes, but all of this is predicated on the fact that Amazon does not regulate its sellers appropriately. Is there such thing as counterfeit Visa gift cards on the Amazon marketplace? How the hell do I navigate this re: filing taxes? I'm an independent contractor. Obviously the best answer is "talk to a CPA" but I'm curious if anyone has insight into how to wade through this. > Do you personally conduct inspections? What a dishonest argument. Pointlessly contrarian. The whole point of having vetted suppliers is that they've been vetted, so that their output's QA is authorized by a regulatory body. Sure it's possible to sneak past that but it's very hard to do so. Dumpsters don't have QA. Amazon is performing a negligible vetting process in a race to the bottom. Not better, just lower prices. Phrenology in the Cyberpunk Age There are certainly ways to glean information from people that is otherwise unavailable to a naive observer, like looking at how they walk and intuiting their motives. The issue is when others appropriate the language and rhetoric to serve their own selfish goals, e.g., eugenics. There is a common misconception, repeated here, that fractals are defined by their self-similarity. This is not true. Fractals are mathematical objects which have non-integral dimensionalities: that is, they exist in a space somewhere between (n)D space and (n+1)D space for some integer n .[1] The exact Hausdorff dimension, the number quantifying their dimensionality, is not in general the same for each construction. For the Koch curve, the Hausdorff dimension is ln(4)/ln(3) = log_3(4) approximately 1.2619.[2] This is because for each iteration of the curve's construction, the perimeter of the curve grows by a factor of 4 while the area enclosed by the curve only grows by a factor of 3. That makes it fill space faster than a growing 1D line, but slower than a growing 2D surface. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB9n2gHsHN4 [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_fractals_by_Hausdorff_... I regularly retell a story where I was waiting in line with a woman at the DMV who used a smartphone as a pacifier for her toddler. The kid had a full-blown meltdown when she had to take the phone to make a call. This is the kind of behavior we are putting in our children when we take the easy tech-enabled route. Similar points can be made about the ubiquity of surveillance tech: giving up key personal rights in the name of "convenience". Only issue is it will desensitize them to threats when they are not on that network. But if they're only ever on that network, they'll probably be fine. I left context out for the sake of brevity, but since you are addressing its absence: The entire time I was there (and remember, this is the DMV, so it was a while) the kid was glued to the phone. There is a difference between engaging with a smartphone and being engrossed by one. This case was certainly the latter. Yes, again, toddler worldviews have limited scope and the thing in front of them is usually the most important thing ever, but even so this child was clearly addicted. An interesting test of addiction would be whether the bad behavior stops the instant they are re-introduced to the object. I'm revenue-ready because I'm capable of holding my pockets open. The challenge being levied here is against vacuous self-inflationary language that applies to nearly any person at any point in time. This is the "strikes are illegal therefore strikers are wrong" argument. Internally, represent the articles as IDs. This will eliminate duplicate posts, though not necessarily duplicate articles linked in posts. You can periodically fetch and cache the title pretty easily, since the ID is most of the (interesting characters in the) URL for the page. This is the "you may only effect change if it's pre-approved" argument. Appeals to authority all the way down. The concept of "decorum" has historically been used as suppression from above of deviations from the status quo. Particularly to shut up women's movements, branding them as "hysterical" and "bitchy". The rest of the organization, comprised almost entirely of workers, has almost no say in what is written in the "explicit company policy", so I don't see how your point is relevant. In an era where everyone must earn wages to survive, employees sign on to companies' terms. Not so much the other way around, unless you're counting empty platitudes. If US history is any indication, the only way to reverse this trend is to enact laws protecting laborers. The "appeal to authority" fallacy is one of the fallacies most commonly recognized as such. Usually arguments based on fallacies are classified as "wrong" because no alternate, valid support is given. > In cases where strikes are illegal, they are made so because voters have determined that it is in society's best interest to make them so. Laws are seldom (never?) passed by popular vote, and I highly doubt this hypothetical outcome would occur if the question was ever presented to the people. Citizens have little say in legislative matters except when given a choice between 2-3 representatives, the winner of which gets the power to vote in their stead. This obviously makes it easier to influence the legislative process, since you only need to influence the representative and not all their constituents. The representatives are completely unaccountable until they're up for re-election, which occurs every 2-6 years. Passing a law can be done in much less time with zero input from citizens. So using the law as a basis for social approval of policy is obviously moot. Another point: she never claims to speak for Amazon. Being an Amazon insider doesn't automatically imply that they are a spokesperson for Amazon, it just means they have access to information which does not exist outside Amazon. Your reading of this seems quite charitable to Amazon's case for seemingly no good reason. Lastly, "confidential information" is often dubiously and vaguely defined to capture all information classified by laws as confidential, but also a lot more than that based on what the company thinks is bad PR. Take for instance the Google controversies last year regarding Search in China and image processing for military drones. When you give a single company the power to both define and enforce what falls under that umbrella, you can't expect them to do anything but use it to benefit the bottom line. This is the reason we have oversight bodies at all. Scientific "unified" models hide this complexity by abstracting it away so we can keep chipping away at the next level. We can navigate this hierarchy, up or down, to understand respectively large- and small-scale behavior, and the hierarchical model makes it so humans can still comprehend at a given level of abstraction. You are averaging weights in distributed training? That seems like it would be rife with pitfalls unless you average after every batch. I always thought the preferred method was to average the gradient updates, and pass that to update the single mother-model. If you are averaging weights often enough, then it's basically the same as averaging gradients. If you average the weights of a bunch of independently-trained models, you're going to have a rough time. Even if the function computes the exact same thing, the order of rows and columns in the intermediate matrices will totally ruin your averaging strategy. > If I walk on snow, does it experience deformation, or does it just deform? For me, some of the "making sense" about a position like this is in terms of such dichotomies. The important part is that this description applies equally to all members of the continuum, e.g., "if 'I' like a song, am 'I' experiencing happiness or is 'my' electrochemical clump of 'me' just reacting?" > for the simple reason that it gives no way to explain why humans act on their conscious experience and have it modelled internally as a conscious experience. The theory doesn't purport to explain internal models nor awareness in any sense that we're used to it. That is a separate question. If you are looking for those answers, they will be found in how the machination of "conscious" behavior accumulates sufficient complexity to look like directed actions from the outside. I think there's a lot of homo-exceptionalism in the challenges to this hypothesis. What I mean by that is, everyone is incredulous that stones can have the same experience as humans, but consider it the other way around: humans have essentially the same experience as stones. Both react to the physical processes happening at their peripheries in dynamically-consistent ways, i.e., computing a quasi-deterministic function. The conclusion then is that since we are conscious, there's no reason that stones couldn't also be. It's a matter of degree, encoded in the complexity of that quasi-deterministic function mentioned above. The main difference between us and stones is that, in order for our DNA to have arisen and propagated itself this far, it had to have a strong set of skills to survive over the history of the universe. It can literally create lumps of proteins that achieve that goal. For the body of the animal, being aware of its own history by constructing a self-consistent and closed narrative arc (the 'I' that we all contend and interact with) obviously has advantages, since it would be hard to operate in society without pre-defined and agreed-upon roles, which we assume as our identity. So the fact that we experience reality as such, with our emotional reactions and persistent self-narrative, is an evolved trait which helped the human genome become the dominant life form on Earth. Another point to make on panpsychism: how do people who reject the theory explain hierarchical life? To what level is a human conscious if its component cells aren't? Are ant colonies "conscious" due to the complexity of the behavior of the ants? Does that make ants less conscious? To an alien visitor, ant colonies can be considered single organisms, because they act with intent toward a specific goal and react to specific stimuli in semi-predictable ways. Extend this to human nation-states: is the USA "conscious"? It certainly has motivations, and a drive for self-preservation, and exerts directed will. Even if the component humans are not explicitly "aware" of the "thoughts" of the USA, can you disqualify consciousness? Honestly, to me, this perspective demotes consciousness to obscurity. There's nothing special about it because it's everywhere. What is interesting is an explicit awareness and accurate internal model of reality. But this is a completely separate problem to that of consciousness. At any moment, the employed model used to understand a given situation is local. The model is adaptive in the sense that you only need to concern yourself with what is immediate, and concerns about how the effects might propagate are limited to the interface between the immediate moment and the external ones. Also, many models can be used simultaneously and overlap in the analysis of a particular situation. It isn't necessary to Have It All Figured Out and keep it all in memory simultaneously, just to have a set of methods to draw quick conclusions. Ensemble methods tend to work best IME. Indeed. If we accept panpsychism, then the "hard problem" of consciousness morphs into the hard problem of how awareness arises, and what degree of awareness and understanding is present in a given individual. Dough is not "sticky"; that is your subjective experience of the thing you subjectively experience as "dough". Whiskey is not alcoholic, it contains alcohol in addition to other components. These distinctions are borne entirely of a human's interpretation of the world. These things are not in any sense "whole and separate objects" until a human determines what is a "whole object". This is necessarily subjective and thus out of scope. Intuition fails here because intuition is necessarily a human reflex. We are trapped in our bodies and the historical context of our species's evolution, which means we interpret certain things in ways that are advantageous to us and our society. It's to our benefit to conceptualize whole objects because it is a cognitive shortcut to do so, which saves on precious energy, regardless of how physics dictates the arrangement of atoms. A binary distinction requires a binary definition, and thus a threshold. Without a threshold, the spectrum is continuous. The assertion of panpsychism is that it is impossible and therefore improper to set a threshold at all. x * x has two 2nd roots, namely, x and -x, and the result of this "function" (in quotes because it doesn't obey the definition thereof) requires you to choose arbitrarily between them, thus creating a dichotomy. Only your pedantry cornered us here. This is a "get off my lawn" sort of comment, but: Easy cars are making worse drivers. People rarely check their blind spot now because the little light on their sideview mirror lights up instead. People are less concerned about driving unsafely because their cars are thicker, heavier, and bigger than the other participants on the road. This has been especially troubling to watch develop from the bike lane, as visibility shrinks and auto manufacturers don't seem to test extensively whether their onboard radar can detect cyclists and pedestrians. It's created a very strange experience of driving where the person inside does not share the same reality as the outside except when their car is within 2 feet of another car. Cars are cages, not only physically, but mentally too. > We will all be driving around in tanks before long. Car doors are close to a foot thick now. The cars are getting huge which means more space is occupied by the streets (increased lane width and space in intersections for larger turning radius), the parking lots (larger parking spots and wider spaces to drive between them), etc. The mental isolation between driver and environment is growing and does not seem to be decelerating. I'm convinced that maybe 10% of all drivers (in my area, suburban SV) pay any attention to what's happening behind them. They don't have to care, so they don't! Cars are devouring mobility. I agree with the rest of your comment, but > respecting each other's presence. Cyclist and motorist alike. I truly hate the equivocation rhetoric used in these discussions on mobility because they obfuscate the insurmountable power dynamics at play. Let's fall into cager rhetoric; cars are cages now more than ever. Cyclists aren't obligated to respect motorists if motorists act with scant care toward the cyclists' lives. Yes, yes, "not all motorists" just like "not all cyclists" but it's hard to overcome the difference between a 1000kg car and a 10kg bike. Reciprocity, man. Have some respect for the power you wield behind the steering wheel. When I ride, I already do so under the assumption that the cars have absolutely no idea I'm there despite me following all traffic laws to a 'T'. And I'm still right-hooked at least once each way to the gym (20-30min ride on a 4-lane road). Most recently I was riding next to a cop one time when the person in front of him not only overtook me within 3ft but also swerved into the bike lane multiple times ahead of me. I approached him and raised my concerns, and was met with an absolute deadpan stare before he drove away without a word. My argument is not one that supports cyclists behaving aggressively toward motorists. It should be mandatory during driving school to spend some time on a bike on busy roads. The whole aisle fills up pretty immediately upon the Fasten Seatbelt sign becoming unilluminated. As soon as this happens, there's no other option except the row-by-row method, like when a stoplight turns green on a bunch of waiting cars. I'm trying to figure out a way to incorporate this notion of hierarchical life into panpsychism and the "global brain" hypothesis. (Disclaimer: I'm already sold on and a proponent of the theory of panpsychism.) It seems more and more to me like this hierarchy goes all the way up (to the single superorganism that is the universe) and all the way down (to the presence or absence of fermions in particular states, inducing a duality and thus a basis of computation via the Pauli exclusion principle). If this hierarchy is consistent across all scales, then we can conclude that if consciousness exists at one level then it exists at all levels. Sentience/awareness is a different question, mind you, and "memories" are associated with awareness of past events. I'm also starting to believe that "consciousness" in terms of directed will doesn't truly exist, and that only "experience" exists. The rest (wants, desires, opinions, will) are electrochemical reactions which respond to local changes in the environment, although we experience them as much more than that for ultimately self- (and macrosystem-)serving reasons. These electrochemical reactions are present because they have over time become more important in the processes necessary for the propagation of whatever they're supporting. This is all very vague and hand-wavy but this article on the thermodynamic theory of life might be clearer [1]. In the discussion yesterday about this topic on HN I brought up the example of ant colonies [2] in an attempt to spur discussion in this direction. [1] https://www.quantamagazine.org/a-new-thermodynamics-theory-o... [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22047653 > this is one of those policies which is both environmentally friendly and makes piles of economic sense To a broader point, this is how real change is enacted: make it matter to enough folks, usually by means of economic pressures. I.e., make bad things cost more than good things. Although obviously ham-fisted tariffs, etc. aren't very effective for a host of reasons. You gotta be more subtle than that. I'd suggest, if you're already receptive to these concepts, to delve into Buddhist/Zen Buddhist/Taoist literature in addition to the more cerebral (pun?!) stuff out there. They're basically saying the same thing, albeit with much different language and framing. In particular the notions of interdependence, sunyata (my personal favorite idea/concept ever), and duality(ies). Beyond that, unfortunately most of my exposure to the ideas related to panpsychism come in fits and bursts, and usually pieces which aren't about panpsychism inspire my ponderance more. Subjects include: animal consciousness/experience; the apparent intelligence of complex systems, whether man-made or independently-arising; autonomic, pre-conscious behavior in humans; computational theory, especially in physical systems; emergence and complexity writ large; complex adaptive systems in general. Unfortunately I haven't done a lot of seeking out books on this topic. Nautilus and Aeon magazines (the latter is linked in OP) have thought-provoking stuff which touch on these topics more often than you'd think. Yes, my point is just that the one-dimensional "raise prices on bad stuff" strategy invites circumnavigation efforts which make it ineffective. Tariffs for economically punishing bad actors is a useful tool in the right scenarios. The world is not a set of isolated systems. Your work directly contributes to some process, positive or negative. Just because you don't write code that tracks people doesn't mean your actions have a direct role in enabling people to do that on your behalf. Besides the working conditions at contracted factories? One could make the argument that advertising at and subsequently locking someone into the walled-garden ecosystem is unethical because you are artificially inflating the consumers' opportunity costs. Some would look at that and call it a milder form of price-gouging. It's a really weak argument compared to literal human rights abuses, but we're talking about ethics here, which is necessarily broad. https://www.keyvalues.com/ You can write your own ontologies and host them, if you're so inclined. With enough `sameAs` links it will be a part of the integrated whole. You know the answer to that question but it bears repeating: Americans have a kneejerk aversion to any sort of taxes because they think they will never see the benefits. So these agencies are forced to fund themselves and/or look to the private sector for support. 2.39 KB landing page? A blurb above the fold not only addressing the purpose of this product but also the context that it's addressing? A digestible list of features and improvements over alternatives? An exemplar to aspire to, for sure. Bravo! It's a familiar interface with well-understood operational primitives (copy, apply, combine, etc.). SQL/Python/writing declarative code introduces an interface which has a substantially steeper learning curve for anyone who isn't a power user, and is a step removed from the ease of use of drag-and-drop. You can be forgiven for that, considering how often "Google $GSERVICE is shutting down" appears on HN's front page. Causal inference is the next big leap in AI. Once the relatively(!) low-hanging fruit of pattern recognition are picked to exhaustion, and once we can get more comfortable with symbolic reasoning with respect to theorem proving / hypothesis testing / counterfactuals, "real" reasoning machines will arise. It's not an either-or question. Symbolic reasoning comes up in many places where regression techniques are simply inadequate. A synthesis of the two is likely to see progress.