I think that small startups should ignore patents altogether. They cost a lot, detract from your mission (coding) and provide very little. You will not have the resources to prosecute should someone use the patent to steal your idea. The patent will provide no defense for someone else claiming that you infringed on theirs. You won't have the $ to mount a defense anyway. Worse still, the fact that you considered patents may give an aversary the ability to claim triple damages by implying that because you were "patent aware" you must have willfully infringed. Just file copyrights on your code as proof you were there first and leave patents to the MS's and Google's of the world. Use your time and effort to build your product. I'm not an expert of any kind, just my 2 cents. "The Joy of Sex" HA! Check ebay for the next week or so. You might be able to buy it back! Agreed. Whats being missed here is this: Registering a domain you think will be profitable in the future : enterprising. Registering a variation of a domain that someone else just registered because you think you might be able to extort some $ out of them : rotten. No cookie for you. A libertarian would think this kind of thing is repugnent as well. The difference is that a libertartian's first response would not be "we should pass a law forbidding this..." The macbook. Just plain macbook. I have both MBP and MB and I use the MB by far more. Longer battery, cooler running, lighter, no hooks to latch shut - all magnets and here comes the most important thing of all... Sleep. Yes sleep. Before I got macs I didn't think it was possible for a computer to come in and out of sleep so well. You can open and close the lid and it sleeps in seconds! Every time. Open and close it three times in a minute just to jot down a note or two. No prob. I can go days without recharging just popping it open when I need it. Forget to recharge, no prob, it has silently placed a hibernate image on the disk, just connect power, open lid, get back to work. This is a class act all of the way that no other manufacturer has even come close to imitating. Sleep on windows machines is laughable at best. Linux alomst universally bungles it unless you have "lucky hardware". I know, lots of people say "hey my XP laptop sleeps just fine"... No, apples do this spooky good. You just have to see it to beleive it. Get it for the good hardware and good support. Love it for closing the lid and never worrying that your work will be right there for you at a moments notice when you open it again. Photogs are a notoriously conservative bunch when it comes to this sort of thing. Witness the wedding photographer basically holding hostage the wedding pictures for extremely high "print fees" and denying the bride and groom any rights to reuse the pictures of their own wedding. This has been the "industry norm". We were unable to find ANY wedding photographers who were willing to allow us to produce a CD containing the photos from our wedding for the guests, at any price. A few high quality digital cameras and some volunteers solved this problem, yielded outstanding results and saved a ton of money. One more industry bites the dust thanks to greed and an unwillingness to change with the times. Good riddance. Perhaps someone should start a "nuisance registry" that tracks so called "artists" that abuse the spirit of the legal system in this manner. That way the rest of us can systematically ignore their "art" and they can quickly fade into the obscurity that they so richly deserve. This was a "pre-craigslist" affair. There were still dinosaurs roaming the earth!!! Instead we took a "the more cameras the better" tack. Not only did we have several volunteers with expensive high quality digital cameras, we also handed out bags of disposable cameras to all of the guests and encouraged them to snap away at whatever they found interesting. At the end of the night, they returned the cameras. 99% of all of the pictures were crap but among the nearly 10,000 pictures there were astonishing gems that no professional could have captured. It all came out to be less than half of the cost of the lowest price "professional" that we found. The CD was mailed to all of the guests a week later and everyone was captivated by the participatory nature of it all. Everyone has heard horror stories about the pro going out of business, or losing the pictures. When you have 300 cameras, this is not a fear that you have! There's a startup in there somewhere I feel it! Anyone game to develop it? Reboot once a year!? Who has time for that! I've got a few redhat boxes that just celebrated 900 days! Yeah, that is good advice. I'd do it if I cared at all about what was on them. They're just part of the "long tail" of hardware, long migrated off of. Now we just let them run for the novelty of saying, "look its been up for YEARS!" One does a webcam of the server room. As a side note, every single production server we now use is a vmware instance... how do you count uptime there as it gets passed around various physical machines? I think that the chance of a "world wide" depression like 1929 is remote at this stage in human progress. During that depression, there was very little wealth in the world, just a lot of credit based on a jubilant realization that humans had learned a trick that was geometrically generating wealth. It was a bit of over-excitement that led to a temporary stall right at the base of the j-curve. The most important issue was that nearly all of the factors of production worldwide rested in one nation, the USA. Even those factors outside the USA were still contained in "western" culture nations. America's problem became everyone's problem. The USA is no longer the center of the world. The factors of production are now distributed all around the world and are contained in many cultures. In addition to this, much of mankind's wealth is now intellectual as well as physical. The shenanigans of a few rich white men who shuffle paper money and don't build anything no longer have the power to bankrupt the world. Think of it this way; Even if every major financial market crashed simultaneously worldwide, we still don't have to reinvent tetracycline, or rebuild the Hoover dam. Depressions and recessions might just be nature's way of slapping humans upside the head and saying "quit diddling on little scraps of paper and go build something useful." In all seriousness, math is just a tool. Its a powerful, complicated tool, no doubt, but even novices can learn to use it effectively. Think of it as a magic chisel. If all you need it for is to pry a lid off of something, you can learn to do that fairly quickly. Those who choose to put in the time to learn to use it effectively can create beautiful sculptures. There has been some discussion here before about "genius" and it has been (correctly IMHO) judged to be overrated in comparison to diligence. Decide if you need math to solve the kinds of problems you wish to solve. If so, put in the diligence to learn the math you need. It will serve you well, genius or not. True, but I think Wile E. might be at that stage where he's feeling around underneath him for the ground that used to be there. :) The difference is not how "hard" the work is, but how many people could do it. Any doctor could pick grapes, but very few grape pickers could be doctors. Scarcity of doctors, high pay; plenty of grape pickers, low pay. The problem we are having is that the economics are being changed in a occluded space. The doctor makes 250k, but has to shell out 60k for malpractice insurance, and 30k a year to repay student loans for nearly a decade. The lawyer trudges to work every day to stick postits on briefs in order to get that "big score" from a medical liability suit, knowing that he is part of the problem; I'll just grin and bear it until I make partner... Picking grapes starts to look pretty good. What will we do when all of the good doctors decide to pick grapes? Film in combination with eyes creates an almost fractal viewing experience. You can look closely at portions of the screen and see greater detail. With an iphone, you get that meager resolution and that's it. I find myself pulling the thing ever closer until it may as well be a panorama but frustratingly, never seeing any more detail. The opposite actually, if I view it from anything but arms length, I become painfully aware of its deficiencies. The rant was right on the money and funny as well. Agreed. At least a selection of different musicians could have been chosen. What we have proved is that ONE GUY plays a new violin as well as he plays the stradivarius. Every violin has a "personality" and as you live it and love it, you become tuned to how to produce the best from it. Is there a space containing extra greatness in the Strad that simply cannot be reached, even by a good player, who has not played the thing for years and years and discovered all of its personality? Or you could get a golf tdi thats a few years old. Mine used to get about 45mpg.. 50 with a good tail wind. :) To the founder type, as strange as it sounds, (inherited) wealth is a curse. It will color every every success you achieve for the rest of your life. "Yeah, he started X.com" they'll say, "but he had all of daddy's money; How could he possibly fail?" Even a small windfall will rob you of the ability to achieve greatness, if not in your own eyes, certainly in the eyes of others. There's just something right starting with nothing but a tiny apartment, 2 ebay computers and a folding table! Naahhh, a brain in a dish could never raise enough $ to become a high level scientologist. Plus everyone knows that Hollywood cares nothing about brains! Although, it would be crazy-cool if scientologists were to go around saying "Gee, brain, what do you want to do tonight?" Again and again, the question comes up, but no one ever asks "Might space exploration be a BETTER use of all of the money that we waste on all of the other crap in this country?" What if we as a society could just get together and call off the NFL and britney spears for a year or two and use all of that money for more worthwhile endevors. And yes, of course, "the war" (whichever one we are in at the moment) goes without saying. The biggest thing to keep in mind is that you will be transitioning into a world of "butt time". Your employer will care far less about what you do than where you do it. You could institute world peace and make your company a billion dollars from your arm chair at home and your boss will still call it vacation. As a bit of advice for working in this world... You have no control over when you work, so you must regulate the density of your work in order to keep from burning out. What you would do in a single day at your startup takes people at "normal companies" many days or even weeks to accomplish. Also, guard your time off like For Knox. If you are willing to "sacrifice for the team" your boss will gladly steal as much time from you as you are not willing to defend. Work ends at 5, anything further will need further compensation, be it overtime or extra vacation. Your boss asking you to work extra with no extra reward is stealing, pure and simple. Use more tact to say that to your boss, but make no mistake, this is what it is. Lastly, try not to think too much. 90% of what goes on in an office is inane nonsense having nothing to do with the bussiness at hand. Its just part of the deal. Dwelling on this will only frustrate you. Get your zen on and roll with it. Good luck. Heh, I feel that pain. I tried to install Vista about a week ago after not having run windows since 2001. I never did get it all working right, plus thanks to (I think) not having some drivers right, my 2Ghz dual core with 3 gig ram was so slow it was unusable. I'm out of time for now but I'll try agian later in a few weeks after I buy some "vista ready" gear. Ok, Kudos to Randall. That was a sharp idea to be sure. That's also some fine looking perl compared to what I deal with on a daily basis. Good job guys. It would take microsoft nearly a decade to complete a feature like that... and then when they were done, there'd be enough little stuff wrong with it that it'd be unusable. Yes, I'm still bitter about my vista expereince. Loss aversion is about the only reason people don't do startups! :) He seems to have forgotten to include the final reason he hates facebook. "Because I didn't think of it." Or, more broadly, he seems to dislike the poeple (and their personal politics) behind facebook a lot more than he dislikes the website. Here's betting if facebook had a hippie/commie "lets unite the world and sing cume-by-yah" board of directors, he'd be singing its praises as the savior of us all. He would use too many words to do this as well. Twitter failed spectacularly during macworld today. Specifically, right during SJ's keynote. Many people are fairly put out about it all. Check out point #8 in his list. As the comments suggest, this ones a killer. It took us nearly 8 months and we had to do a few free trials before we got it done finally. It also took weaks just to negotiate all of the contract points. The upside? 3 year $1mil contract. They are hard but if you get them, the corporate contracts are sweet deals. The secret is to offer technology and more importanty attentiveness that they just can't get from a more off-the-shelf solution. Wozzzz Noooo!!! Ha. That's the first I'd heard of that. To each their own, I suppose. Maybe she'll feel rich enough to not do comedy. Oh horrid thought. What if she uses the Woz's cash to make more reality tv?! Handbrake. Don't watch dvd's without it! Half of the new releases these days include copy protection "features" that make the super drive go bonkers when trying to play the disk. Far better to handbrake it and them just watch the files with VLC. Wuss. I use dice AS the input device. Yep. Has a random number generator built right in, it does. I just don't get it. Has no one ever heard of linux and tc??? NetBSD?? Its a damn 3 line bash script to faily share the bandwidth among users and give the power users any excess at any time. Instead, they wait until you hit the "magic number" of gigabytes and then just cut you off?! Of all of the problems facing broadband carriers, this ones is the simplest to solve. Try hooking up the 10s of thousnds of users who are still on dialup after a decade of being on the "waiting list" for broadband. Now that would be worthwhile. Yes but men have a lower latency. He's like the Andy Rooney of the tech world. Soon he will simply complain about being old each week. (which takes 10 seconds on any normal laptop) Any normal macbook! My vista laptop takes 9 minutes to hibernate and then wake up. Uuumm, Slashdot is over here: http://slashdot.org ;) Heh, I'm just yankin yer chain. :) You must have been that kid that always made it hilarious to do the "what do you see in that cloud?" game in Jr. High. Mines a Fujitsu lifebook, AMD dual core and yes 3 gig of ram. I've run it with linux for a while but needed vista for work. Yes, I do think there's something wrong. It takes about 90 seconds to get to hibernate, but always more than 5 minutes to become useable again after wakeup. Any advice? People tell me my macbook would make a much better vista computer with bootcamp. Anyone have any experience with this? On Amazons "Black Swan" day, there will be on new instances to fire up. Your current instance and all of its data may well be lost. Your little account will be the last thing they're worried about restoring. EC2 is great for startups, but when the time comes, you need a multi-homed, multi-located setup you've done yourself so you know what risks are involved. Do you ever think that maybe politicians are missing the boat here? With most Americans paying about 75% in total taxes (when you count sales tax, gas tax, property tax, etc etc) it seems we are always just a tiny downturn away from disaster. If you want your people to spend money and buoy the economy, perhaps instead of making it easy to borrow what they don't have you should try NOT TAKING SO DAMN MUCH from them in the first place. Listen carefully: Money you take from the people and spend in Iraq is gone, mmkayy? Constantly trying to balance on the razors edge of economic collapse and then issuing even MORE credit (and measly tax rebates) when you've gone too far can't possibly be the optimal implementation. Ok, sorry, rant over. Something else to keep in mind: If a lawyer volunteers for an hour serving soup to the homeless his donation should be valued at minimum wage. If he helps set up a trust to stop the corrupt "directors" of the charity from helping themselves to the money both now and in the future, his hour is worth a whole lot more. This is the same for any trained professional. Anyone who has to pause and ask him/herself, "does my insurance cover me if I donate my time doing X" has highly valuable time to donate. Good link. Yes, in fact I did pull that number out of my... well, you know. It was merely to illustrate that such a point exists. After a certain absolute percent, raising taxes will REDUCE tax receipts and wreck your economy at the same time. I'm certain were all the way down the back side of that curve near the "wreck your economy" shoulder. Yes, even though our absolute tax is lower than some smaller countries whos economies have evolved to operate at a greatly reduced rate. It does also miss many of the 'hidden' taxes we still pay. For example, everyone in this state has to get a silly sticker on their car every year so the mechanic can pretend to look at the breaks and then try to charge you $35 for a $5 light bulb. The sticker costs $25 but I've never made it thru in less than an hour. The price of the silly sticker AND the wasted hour is a tax. There's one $25 fee and at least one wasted hour for every car in the state. This kind of thing is particularly noxious because they could have just had a little courage and added the $25 to the regular car tax, but instead wasted 100's of thousands of man hours a year on what is almost always a fictitious "inspection". You should see what it takes to be able to build a shed in the back yard for your lawnmower... Inflation is usually a tax as well. If a government needs money, can't borrow it, and its not politically expedient to raise taxes again, it can simply print up some money and steal a little from each of the other dollars that people already have. There's also start of and end of life taxes that have to be amortized over the years of the life of a person. If you make a little money or live in a place that sees real estate rise, this is non-trivial. Even the tax code ITSELF is a tax. The ever increasing burden of compliance is nothing but dead weight for individuals and businesses. Finally, there's a stack of extra tax and extra man-hour-wasting hassle headed your way if you have the audacity to try to work for yourself and not simply settle into a nice job in an industry with lobbyists and get your w2 like everyone else. This is probably the one that interests the readers of this forum the most. One slightly other off subject comment on the article. The government using taxation as a vehicle to transfer wealth from the "rich" to the "poor" is a recipe for economic disaster. Ever dollar "robin hooded" is a dollar sucked directly and completely from economic growth. Its a near perfect disincentive for innovators to innovate. Sorry to slasdot/troll the issue but I am passionate about this particular area! The point of all this is, there are better ways to fix the economy than an interest rate cut! I guess that depends on the magnitude of disaster meant by "massive". A 1930's style depression is unlikely at this point because so much of the worlds wealth and means of producing wealth is now located outside of the USA. The USA is still a major player in the world economy but it is no longer the center. That said this downturn may bust us Americans down a notch or two on the world stage, perhaps even enough that we have to make some serious lifestyle changes. So the question emerges: If I can't drive my hummer down to Mickey-D's and supersize that please... is it a disaster or what? Probably not explicitly. But with all of the funds he's likely invested in, it's a near certainty that there's some google in there somewhere. Unlike spam this one is actually easy to stop. The registrars could just say "no more tasting" and that would be the end. There is a final authority who can stop it or make it cost something. This has been nothing but bad for the web in general. Its time to say "no more tasting". I hope google starts a trend. He seems to have missed one very important fact about startups. If it doesn't work, you can try again! I think the odds are pretty slim for everyones first startup but you learn from it and have another go. Its like saying that everyone has a very low chance of getting over 10' on thier first pole vault so its bad policy to have it in the olympics. Just to offer a counterpoint. Our startup has grown far less than we hoped. We have only one large cororate account and 5-10 smaller local offices. There's only three of us and we're half-way thru year 4. BUT we've already made what we would have made in 10 years at the jobs we quit. The suck-cut! As you can see, it sucks as it cuts... HA! Its real! Priceless! I actually meant the "Suck Kut" from Wayne's World... Who'da thunk someone would actually try to build one!? Thanx for that link. Made my day. The social network that once you're 'good enough' to join, you won't want to. In the case of minimum wage, it does. I thought it was a good example. http://blog.russnelson.com/economics/minimum-wage.html Well said. +1. I think Russ's point was that if minimum wage actually was raised high enough by the well-meaners that they thought it would institute social change, it would backfire in a most comical and epic way. Imagine if the minimum wage were set to 100/hour tomorrow... Instead, politicians just wait till election season then realign the letter of the law to more or less match the current market value and then proclaim what a friend to the poor they've been from the doorway of their gulfstream. I expected it would just be a keyboard where you could type in suggestions to the flight computer. If all three fly-by-wire modules concur that you are not, in fact, a complete moron, the airplane will consider your request. Then again, it would have been much cooler if there had been a "Kirk chair" right in the middle and scantily clad "ensigns" scurrying about. Oh no he dih-ent. Bustin on my man Randall... And Jim Davis gets a pass??! Where is the love? How many people will just go along with whatever adversity they encounter in the relationship because they've "found their soul mate". It has to be, the computer said so. The matching algorithm: m=rand(w); no, you're thinking of Lib::Rtarian Point is: Airline employees have some freedom to do some things to help you that you might not have thought of. Ask nice and you never know what you might get. I've been "240'ed" twice now without ever knowing this "rule", just by asking nicely. Then again, its a good argument for why "first class" on airliners is acceptable (socially). If Bill had to sit in coach and eat that food for 16 hours, he might make a bad choice the next day that could quite literally effect the economy. He eats bad ham, we get vista! :) Agreed. That almost never happens anymore! Well done. It was just a conjecture of his that history didn't bear out. Thinking in basic is bad. Great leaps in programming and the availablity of knowlege about programming (other people's good code) made it easy to stop thinking in basic if one was motivated. Great men once thought that the earth was flat and there were only 4 elements. It is trivial today for even a nitwit to prove otherwise. This does not mean that these great men are now less great or that nitwits are now smarter. My guess is the NSA. They finally think they're able to tap fiber and like fools are running around willy nilly splicing in taps to undersea cables in that area in order to stop the tur-ists. Should we quietly do them one at a time so no one will notice? Heck no, then the tur-ists would win! Remember that scene in "Independence Day" when Will Smith punched that alien in the head and yelled "Welcome to Earth!"... Welcome to Vista. If you want to learn, care. Otherwise, whatever. That's my school experience anyway. I think if you are passionate about a language the simple fact that you care about it will mean that you want to know everything about it that you can. If you're just trying to get the job done quickly, use a cheat sheet or whatever. Only the former attitude will make you a better programmer. Some people, noob or not, have a style . Some code has a style. Some programs are best expressed as narrative little stories and documenting them as such makes sense. This is often true when the program's data flow is very linear. Some programs benefit greatly by having dense little blocks, with nothing more than a two work reminder as to what they do, that can be considered carefully and held tightly in the mind. Any program that has atomic/blocking operations or concurrency seems to fit this model. To say that "noobs use a lot of this kind of comment" and "mature programmers use this different style" may be partly true but seems very much overly simplistic. No, because each of the team already secretly imagines that the better part of those millions belong to them for doing "all of the work" and is just sure that when the time comes the others will agree. Excellent news. Now there is something for Novell to collect on SCO's infringements. This one is a big one, and still full of fuel. It is possible that it poses a small danger. That said, the military just loves its toys... No evil robot I've ever imagined to mass produce as my minions in my bid for global domination has been half this sinister... If this were slashdot I'd welcome an overlord of some sort. Meh. Most people are wrong about most things most of the time. Some people are right about some things some of the time. Work hard, collect your "some things" into a narrow category and you'll be a professional, maybe even an expert. Just go with the flow and you'll have a brain full of random pop culture trivia. The world is chock full of stupid people, it just seems like they're somehow easier to spot in America. Oh! Oh! I know! Why not run the authentication servers on EC2!? That way they can just allocate more computing resources when needed? Heh, I apologize for that right there. Just couldn't help myself. Up next, the Eastern Lego Block. All blocks are the same, the cool pieces are banned, and all of the buildings look exactly the same! That way, all of the children can be equally bored with legos. Justice and fairness are very different things. Capitalism is just, it is not fair, especially to the lazy and the willfully ignorant. Wish google would buy it an digitize it for the good of mankind. An earthquake, flood, or fire would be a very sad thing in this case. The photos of the collection don't instill a great deal of confidence in its continued survival. Use a linux box at your gateway, squid and squidguard: http://www.squidguard.org/ Then use iptables to do a transparent redirect of all outbound web traffic to you squid server: http://www.squid-cache.org/mail-archive/squid-users/200404/0... This way you can actually have your employees end up a page of your design that says "Quit wastin' time foo'" whenever they hit a site you've placed on the block list. Mr. T. is optional of course. Worthwhile en devours have hard parts that might not be as enjoyable as watching a movie or a trip to Cancun!? Holy cow, give that guy a Pulitzer! Next week he's got an article planned about how people often don't find their jobs as much fun as DisneyLand! So we get what, another proprietary software stack, this time from adobe, to be the new new replacement "OS" of the future. The king is dead, long live the king? Also people have been flying remote controlled aircraft since the 50's. You don't need a super-duper autonomous gps guided drone when you can just stand on the roof with the remote. Just look at how they use IED's and cell phones. All of this raises the inevitable question: If a robot does the killin', does it get 72 virgin sexbots? I like how the "official website" is just a bunch of typical microsoft hype where there is ZERO product demonstration, one weak "planet to our cool logo" video that plays over and over and a bunch of people talking about how cool its all going to be. Then theres a vague "release date". Spring or something... Maybe it is tear jerking worthy tech but I've seen this pattern before from MS. The first time I heard about google maps I was using it. My theory, being google and all, there's actually a distributed cluster of her. Why humans really need artificial intelligence: To read thru all of that nonsense and produce the 7 page summary that the actual relevant information could be contained in. If you think engineering produces pointless paper for the sake thereof, you should see law! The computer is nothing more than a thought amplification tool. It doesn't care how old you are. Its more important what state the mind is in than what body the mind is in!!! I like the TED video where they invited the guy from the completely dirt-poor African village to talk about building a windmill out of scrap bicycle parts... What must he have been thinking while talking to all of those super-rich who could buy his whole village like it was a candy bar from a vending machine as he recounted scrounging enough rusty bicycle parts to pump water and keep villagers from dying of cholera? I'm sure they were thinking this made them all "global" and "in touch" or something. I think they were treating the poor guy like a curious little pet. Here it is: http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/153 They call them "server rooms". Anything less is an intermediate step. 2 year olds have not reached the age of reason. Reasoning with them only gets you a restatement of their desires without any logical context whatsoever: Daddy, I want to play over there! Son, there's a constant stream of cars going by at 40mph, you will die instantly or be hurt worse than you can possibly imagine. But I WAAANNNT TOOOO... Spanking (when administered carefully and without angry reaction) seems to be a valid form of behavior modification for a creature that does not have any reasoning ability because it allows aversion to be stored directly in the same part of the brain that is motivating desire. Its probably better to reason with a 9 year old than spank but as the parent states, anyone who thinks that a 2 year old can reason, doesn't have one. Most of the "evidence" for autism caused by vaccines is statistical manipulation, anecdotes, and scare-mongering. There is perhaps a very remote chance of a correlation but its almost certainly a case of "When I changed the windshield wipers on my car the AC quit. You wiper-villains owe me a new AC!" When bad stuff happens, people desperately grasp for a simple cause they can understand. Get vaccines. Not only is it the responsible thing to do for your own children, it is the socially responsible thing to do for everyone else's children as well. That's good stuff. Guess I should have looked a little harder here first! This looks particularly helpful: http://www.gigamonkeys.com/book/ I guess my point was not to argue the reasoning power of a 2 year old directly. I think we definitely disagree on this. My point was that spanking creates a visceral aversion to a behavior that is immediate and very different from a reasoned response. There is no "last time I did this I got spanked and so I don't think I'll do it again" thought process, only an automatic nervous response that associates built in pain avoidance with an action. I'm not here to say when or how much spanking is appropriate. This is for each parent to decide for themselves. I'm just saying that it can and does work where reason fails, and if used appropriately and with discretion, its not the soul-draining horror some alarmists make it out to be. Woz is one of the few people in the world who likely pisses Jobs off just for fun . I'm sure he can do this and they still remain friends and have a laugh about it later. A good use of layered action. A bunch of simple loops layered on top of each other to create a more complex emergent behavior. Still deeply creepy! The smile loop was just wrong and they eyes were too simple. Real eyes focus and refocus hundreds of times per minute, these, even though they moved stayed dead and locked on one focus. We've got a long way to go! 1) They ignore you. 2) They laugh at you. 3) They fight you. 4) You win. With apologies to Ghandi, don't give up at #3. I remember in 4th grade or so, the pledge started to sound a little spooky to me as well. I think home schooling is an important right because it's the last, best defense against a total fail in the public school system. It also makes it possible for middle and lower class children to have private education rather than having that option end up a further luxury for just the rich. Always a weapon first. What a world it will be once Thag evolves far enough to make it a hammer before he makes it a club. Nascar racing is a sport in which enhanced humans compete at superhuman speeds. They wear specially developed exoskeletons on the field knows as cars . Its great fun to watch, and a complex set of rules has developed over the years as to which enhancements are allowed and how much. Perhaps it used to, and is broken now. Putting the chemical back is fixing it, like a diabetic with insulin. If all the world were diabetic, the edge would be to the one with the insulin, no? Cool story, but don't run your startup like that. If you do, you will deliver perfect software, years too late, that nobody wants. What I really like about this is that this is open source doing cutting edge stuff that will benefit people everywhere. There's not a hint of "me too", "microsoft replacement" here. The promise of open source in full force. This is the kind of thing that even 10 years ago would have been barricaded behind dozens of patents and royalties to the point of being unusable; just another technical oddity that no one could afford to use. A few would have been donated to token disabled folks for publicity and then that would have been the end of it. Here's the link to get it and try it out, sans RTFA. http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/dasher/ This is an epidemic among business types. They very often just don't have the imagination to know whats involved. You could build a giant rocket, complete with moon lander and robots to build a habitat once it arrived and connect it to a giant red button that said "launch"... You'd still have to tell the MBA what button to push, and after he did, he really would believe that he had single handedly colonized the moon. All of the engineers would think him a slimy weasel for making such a claim after all of their hard work. He would just think that they were jealous because while he was busy with the hard, visionary work of moon colonization, they just sat around and fiddled with rocket parts all day. Ugh. He misspelled espresso expresso too. Pet peeve. I guess that proves he followed his own advice! I also disagree. If an espresso machine makes your office a nicer place to work for your employees, get two. The extra productivity from happy employees is more than worth it and it clearly shows that you went the extra mile for your employees. Really we're more of a small, furry steam catapult. The man just has a way with words! :) Hmm, a here's why my favorite environment will dominate piece. I think the proliferation of this type of opinion piece points to something even bigger on the horizon. There is no clear successor . There doesn't need to be. The computing ecosystem in general has grown big enough now the we don't need to, as he said, elect a new market leader. The rise of server side programming and web apps means we can choose whatever tools get us to market fastest in the domain space we've chosen. It might be rails, it might be lisp, and we might just hack it together in perl. It might be a mashup of all 3 running on different servers at different companies in different parts of the world! With the author's attitude in mind, I think I'd retitle the article " Should Liberal Arts Colleges Be Saved?" I use three with 3, with x2vnc. Linux in the middle on a 22", os x on the right on a 19, and windows on the left with a 19. It works wonderfully and I have instant access to multiple os's and browsers. There is still quite a bit of friction at the borders. As a company that ships equipment both into and out of America, we still find it difficult/expensive to get goods and money into and out of this country. Actually difficult to the point that a profitable product in US is not profitable outside because the profit margin is more than absorbed by the cost of getting the goods out of the country and getting the payment back in. Instead we've had to set up a rather convoluted system where our hardware is sourced and assembled outside of the US. It was so much of a pain that I can easily see why some people might just decide its not worth the hassle. The economy may be global now, but if you're not in Asia or eastern Europe, your country didn't get the memo. All of the "a buncha states don't matter so focus on the ones that do" logic should jump up and scream that the system is broken. Oh you live ix X state so why bother campaigning to you because your vote doesn't matter ?! With the 2 party quagmire and "electoral college" nonsense that imho has basically stalled the US govt in an endless corporatocracy, worrying about the primaries is like worrying that the lines aren't painted straight on the Tacoma Narrows bridge. I think what he meant to say is that good software has to go through a certain process before it becomes good. This often takes, lets say, 10 years. Not all software will make it that soon. Some will make it more quickly. Some will never make it at all. I use perl as pseudocode, especially when I have to target multiple languages/platforms. Its stupidly easy to hack together prototypes of functions to test out data structures and algorithms just using perl and the command line. This helps me think more about the structure of the program and less about the syntax of a specific language, especially languages that I'm weaker in. Once its working right and thought through, I'll use the perl "pseudocode" as a guide to code in the target language. Hey, umm Paul? Don't mean to trouble you in your temple of Arc-ness but it might be time for a little something to keep this from happening... maybe, please sir... Hey, I thought the internet was already wiped out on Jan,1 2000! That Van Impe guy said so! Every once in a while its good to go back in the grand internet archive and surf like its 1999. It grants mighty perspective to this type of nonsense. Ha! You don't grok the RIAA. More likely they'll sue you especially, because if you're willing to pay the $10 you must be pirating. For those of you modding us down... the first post was duplicated 25 times, filling the comments on this story. It is fixed now. Thanks Paul! They definitely need a more graceful fail for zooming too far in than a gray box in place of the tile that says "No imagery available at this zoom level." You're scrolling around, looking in on something, and then bang the whole screen is gone, nothing but gray boxes, and you're whole sense of context is lost... This bothered me on maps, doubly so here. $306 to get a head start? Its like they say, If one woman tells you it will take 9 months to make a baby, maybe we'd better hire 9 of 'em so we'll be done in a month. I think we're gonna need a new category of fail to describe this one. Ideas are two-a-penny, implementation and marketing are everything. Unless you happen to be a patent lawyer in which case you believe the exact opposite. On the other hand this guy never gives up either. It won't help you if you're a nut job working on nonsense. There is a point where you do have to listen to smart people and try to gain an accurate perspective of yourself. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Newman_ (inventor) I think perhaps Mr Cringely has overestimated the difficulty of plugging in a USB blueray drive and installing toast. If people make their livelihood with technologies such as this (wedding videographers) it is unlikely that they'd be stymied by such a leap. Brings new meaning to "just sing the alphabet baby, we'll do the rest". Seriously with stuff like this available to the average punter, could the age of celebrity finally be over? Here's hoping. It also has a continuum and value add component. Think of it like this: 1) A good idea 2) A good idea for searching the internet 3) A good idea for searching the internet with a certain algorithm to rank pages. 4) Using a distributed computing system to make this search scale. 5) Google. As each order of possibility collapses into the next the idea becomes more and more the execution until its done. At each stage, the value increases as some possibilities are trimmed off and the idea becomes more concrete (or less as the wrong ones remain and the path is derailed). The primary problem going on in the IP world right now seems to be an unhealthy focus (and over valuation) on the very early stages of the continuum. Patents should be issued at steps 3 and 4 but they are being issued at 2 instead. Thus selling stuff but on the interwebs , becomes patentable and the dissonance caused by this makes it difficult now for those at 3 and 4 trying to get value from the actual hard part. DNA is the first thing in a long time that I've seen that I really don't know how they did it ! I think usually I've got some guess, even when its outside of my expertise (most hackers do) but this? Fourier transforms and lots of 'em is as close as I can get. Its magic. I love it. I love his old school HeNe Laser! Takes me back. Just look at how Paul does it. He calls them "Essays" of course but it seems to be a really good model. He never posts anything just to post it, and so sometimes there are large intervals between posts. Everything he does post seems very insightful and helps us understand where he and YCombinator are coming from. I'm much more impressed by this from, even with the large interval between posts than the "today my cat hoarked on the rug again..." kind of blog. Ok, What I was getting at here is that ordinary people will see in a very real way just how easily stars like Britney can be manufactured. Photoshop has already come a long way in exposing to everyone in a visceral and easy to understand way the simplicity with which images can be altered. Everyone kind of knew this before hand but its now becoming ingrained. I wasn't suggesting that everyone will suddenly be a virtuoso, I'm just hoping that as people in the future are presented with manufactured stars the response will change to "big deal, I know a guy who can do that on his mac with a girl down the street. They're really good. Here, listen...". Of course, this won't fix the publics fascination with giving people who can't handle it celebrity status and too much money and using the inevitable train wreck as entertainment. At least we'll quit pretending its music. Forget global warming. With 3 30" cinema displays and all of the computer and graphic power to push them, he should be more concerned with office warming! They should make a little widget that others can load on their servers to help in the effort: Down from xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx in France, Up from yyy.yyy.yyy.yyy in New Zealand Etc Thats because there's not a good answer, there are good answers depending on what you want to do with it. For me it comes down to; I hate putty and don't like cygwin very much. Also mac hardware is well defined. I know I'm going to be able to dual boot the centos distro we use for development, and once I've got all of the drivers figured out, I can easily get the same mac again and get that config to everyone in our company. I've bought one too many dells with the same model number and different sound, graphics, wireless hardware. My mac also sleeps when I close the lid and wakes up faster than any other computer I've ever had. This makes me happy. Note: This is just my reason. For every other mac user you'll find a reason of their own. Some little itch that a mac just happens to scratch a little better. And yes, I find mac fanbois with bs reasons for mac superiority just as tedious as most hackers do. Ahhh takes me back to the days of Amigas and mods. The memories, the memories. The great thing about modern life is that the rich no longer live different lives, they just waste a bunch of space they don't live in, glue diamonds to everything, pay more for the same food, and then live pretty much the same as everyone else. Health care is about the only thing left that challenges this notion and I expect we'll get that worked out in the next 50 years or so. Also in recent news, accidents go up because drivers are blinded by blue light which is the color that reduces night vision the fastest. This is a little bit bogus as water seems to be treated like oil for the purpose of scaremongering in the article. Unlike oil, water is a closed system. The 2400 liters the article claims you use when you eat hamburger is does not vanish from the earth forever, rather it goes around again. I think its a bit dishonest to use this scientists formula together with predictions about water shortages in coming decades in order to illicit a fear response. There is plenty of water, go have a hamburger. The one thing I can say about the economy with absolute certainty, at whatever point in the cycle it is... is that there is a recession coming. There is ALWAYS a recession coming. Go do your thing. Some of the richest and most powerful men in history began with nothing in the depths of the great depression. HHhmm lets see. There are x barrels of oil left on earth, Exxon gets most of them. Would it rather sell them at $50/barrel or $100/barrel. Whatever else they say about production, there's always this. I meant it as a critique of OPEC in general. They will control production to get the most money per barrel because when its gone, its gone. Exxon is the largest publicly traded energy company in the world (from tfa). They do better when prices stay high. While they may not be the biggest player in the whole oil game, they do play a significant role in oil's path to the end consumer. Lets just say they have a lot more to gain form $200/barrel oil than from $50/barrel oil and leave it at that. Looks expensive and complicated. I still think a clear plastic gizmo that just uses the sun to distill that merely cleans most toxins, especially biological is better than some giant refrigerator sized, patent encumbered, machine that needs to be plugged in that cleans all toxins. The little plastic thing could be made so small, so light, and so cheap that they could just be dumped out of the back of airplanes where they are needed. How do we teach the villagers how to use them? Call them on their cell phones. http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/03/03/africa/AF-FEA-GEN-... Comment++ for most original re-quote of Churchill I've seen yet. Never underestimate a man with a lathe, a mill, a bandsaw, and an attitude. All of those tools together can be had for less than the cost of a Xeon server. This is actually a very typical mistake. To look at a technology as it is instead of how it could be and then try to make predictions using only the latter. The exact same thing happened to cars, electric lights, telephones, you name it. It seems almost human nature to make this mistake. Thats why visionaries are, well visionary . Retrieved cat. Conducted Experiment. Cat -> Fail. The cat did however recommend a down-mod on the account of your species-ist comment. Wow. It started out quite well reasoned and then, making larger and larger leaps of logic, ended in "stock up on gold and ammunition". I found myself adjusting my tin-foil hat on a regular basis. I think I liked them more when it was "Music was meant to be free". The funny thing is that if you collect all of these people that show up to complain and have a look at them, you'll very often find that they are decorated with magnets and crystals and all kinds of other "healing devices", many of which produce considerable emf. Superstition is ugly and difficult to deal with and sadly it seems will not be cured anywhere in the foreseeable future. You'd be astonished at how many who start out with the Ferrari wreck it in short order and how many who start out with bricks become very strong because of it. People who start out with wealth seldom create wealth. In the best cases, they usually just administer it. Its the people who start out with the bricks that seem to end up creating the wealth. Slavery and poverty are different economic relationships altogether. Equating them is usually rhetorical hyperbole and if taken seriously, leads to some very wrong conclusions. Comcast has been throttling "watch in now" to 512kbps on the nose here for 2 weeks now. It works at 3mbit when I route thru the VPN to our datacenter. You're not on comcast are you? Sorry, I guess I took the slavery example to mean that this was a means to have the deck stacked financially against you in the context of rich vs. poor. Yes, being born a slave has historically been an insurmountable barrier to wealth. It's not exactly a stretch to say that the enslaved have typically been poor on account of their being slaves, is it? What I really wanted to drive home is that slaves are neither poor nor rich. These concepts are based on the ownership of property. Slaves are property and are forbidden to own property. Within the framework of the law, it is possible to escape poverty, not so with slavery. When politicians say that the poor are "slaves" to the rich or that poverty is a new kind of slavery, its a clean miss and usually indicates a rather ugly agenda hiding beneath. Does it seem the google folks are getting a bit myopic in their interview process? I mean, yes, they have a very focused mission depending on a very distinct kind of software but it just seems like an awful lot of the interview process is finding out if the candidate will yell "merge sort - n(log(n))" at just the right time. Google's strength was that meandering "lets just work on what seems coolest" ethos. I'm wondering if they're not selecting out some really great talent by making the interview a test of how well a candidate can scribble some common design patterns on a white board. I'm not saying that they should hire programmers that can't tell a merge sort from a bubble sort, but perhaps just knowing the difference and when to use them might be enough; Rather than finding out if they can write it out syntax-perfect on the spot in the interview ers favorite language. Ha! I saw "one click" shopping in there. Eat your heart out amazon. That turbo pascal IDE is how I started programming as well. I had dabbled in basic on c-64 before that but the limitations were too confining. Back then, it felt like pascal could do anything! I actually had a serious nostalgic moment watching him page up and down and wait for the refreshes. I miss the feeling of endless possibility that blue cga screen imparted... Heh, He's like tech-Ghandi. First they say its not powerful enough. Then they say its unnecessary. Then they say its dangerous. Then you win. Is it just me or is every one else as tired of stories about the RIAA and "big music" as I am? They've now become (and have been) completely irrelevant to me. I don't like/buy/care about their product. The threat of a lawsuit even though I don't download music has faded into the background threat matrix of my life like an unfair IRS audit or eminent domain taking my house. IF they do succeed in this tax, its just one more tax by a quasi-government agency for stuff I don't use, for people I don't know. There's already 5 others just like it on my Sprint bill as it is now. They're gonna do what they're gonna do and I have little influence in any of it. Unjust? Probably but I have more pressing things to worry about. I know there are likely some people in this group who care deeply about fighting the injustice behind this, but I for one would rather RIAA nonsense be left to the Diggs and Slashdots of the world and focus on startups and hacking with this group. I think I'm not alone in witnessing Microsoft and the BSA treat my corporate customers very badly over the years. The biggest deal at my biggest corporate customer's IT dept. is the "renegotiation" that happens every couple of years with MS in which they send their people in and see how much more they can grab this time around... When you treat your customers like crap, they don't line you. Now there's a surprise. I think after all I've seen, when the decision finally falls to me, I'm gonna be Ernie Ball'n it, even if it costs more up front. I like him. He must be a good teacher, whether his "act" is contrived or not. When you do something the first time, its science. When you do it the second time, its engineering. When you do it the third time, its technology. Brilliant. Oh nice! Now instead of wasting all of that typing on "u r a fag" and other namecalling, I can just use: author Thanks Paul! I have a few Nvidia cards that reliably crash linux even though (or perhaps because) I use their official precompiled binary drivers. I've tried multiple cards, multiple mainboards, multiple distros and multiple kernels. Just one of those things. Shrug, shudder, and use ATI. Check amazon mechanical turk. I bet you'll find the secret there... Oh, look. Pure naked evil. Small now, yes, but give them an RPG and a mask and I assure you it will scale. Why I like vi/vim. Its always there. Even on tiny linux distros. It allows me to operate just as fast on extremely high latency connections. It was the only usable editor when I was stuck with 650ms+ latencies on VSAT. The only problem I have with this is at the end he suggests that hard work is something you have to "surrender to" and suffer through. If you are working hard on something you care about it doesn't seem at all like that. It may not seem like it when you are sitting slack-jawed in front of the TV, but if you turn the damn thing off and go work on something, you'll be 10 times happier. The 500Mhz geode LX from amd is a fine powerful little x86 CPU with a full 686 instruction set and lots of on-chip goodies. It uses just 5 watts costs $20 with its little companion chip for a one off, and doesn't even need a heat sink. Lots of small scale embedded manufactures like Soekris make impressive little boards that can be had for $200 or so and run full blown linux distros. I have yet to see an arm or freescale that can even come close. Sorry but I have to say !(Embedded + CPU != x86) Ahh but they don't have to be. Most small arm, xscale, mips, blackfin, etc cpus lack basic functionality like an MMU, DMA, bus trancievers, large cache, etc making the linux you have to run on them very crippled and the toolchains used to compile for them very specialized. With the geode, you can have a standard distro and are just an apt-get or a yum away from software bliss. Also a geode at 500mhz with its on chip mmu and cache runs most apps many times faster than a multi gig arm, particularly when multitasking. Its true that there aren't any geode imbued cell phones that I know of, but they are small enough, and can be made low power enough by slowing freq that its certainly possible. I'd like a cellphone running stock centos5. I've been thinking tis in the back of my mind for a while too without it ever really taking words. This hit it spot on. There's something a little bit "Hunt Brothers cornering the market" about google, isn't there? Its the 10 x 10 x 10 rule. An individual is 10 times more effective working alone than working as an employee. An employee is 10 times more effective than a government bureaucrat. So: An individual could produce a surprisingly accurate count for $100,000. A private company could produce a surprisingly accurate count for $1,000,000. A government agency could produce a surprisingly accurate count for $10,000,000. (The rest of the billions are earmarks that have nothing to do with the census.) I won't mention the UN. Ja, genau. http://www.toytowngermany.com/lofi/index.php/t971.html Coding without typos... not so much. Sadly, in my experience, they will harass you for leaving the 2 dents behind and then demand that you pay for the flowers you stepped on while using your dent-puller. A few days later you'll get a summons for small claims court indicating that you owe their brother-in-law who is a part-time mechanic $750 to fix the dents "right". Does this guy not watch Judge Judy? So Star Simpson from MIT gets arrested as a terrorist for wearing a jacket with leds on it to a Boston Airport, but this guy just gets sent home by the cops for driving a tank down the roads in his neighborhood in Michigan?! http://www.boingboing.net/2007/09/21/mit-student-arrested.ht... Methinks the Boston authorities are wound a bit too tight, or that Michigan is one laid back place. 21. In 29 words or fewer, describe what you would strive to accomplish if you worked at Google Labs. "The same thing we do every night, Pinky..." I've got different advice. Don't start with a full blown web app. Getting perl and apache and a db going can complicate the issue a bit. Start by simply replacing some bash scripts with perl instead. Everything you can do with a shell script, you can do better with perl. When I was starting with perl, I started replacing my init scripts with better perl verions on my Fedora system. You'll be pleasantly surprised by how much shorter and more elegant init scripts become in perl! That would require at least 3 people to walk in, sing a bar of "Alice's Restaurant" and walk out. Hmmm by observing people's behavior, you can estimate what kinds of people they are. There's a shocker. I'm still not quite sure what college had to do with it all. Another observed behavior I think was his thought. "Never ascribe to malice, that which can be explained by incompetence." Or in this case competence . It was trivial for a few Googlers to functionally clone your super-duper web-app in their spare time with Google's new publicly available tools?! Doh! Sure. The proper way is to code up a quick ruby script to generate 100,000 or so bogus form fillouts per hour. It will be gone in no time. Meh, call me when there's heads in a jar... Using public safety regulations as a revenue stream has a deleterious effect on the rule of law. Or as a wise man once said: If you make the law into a joke, don't be surprised when the people start laughing. "Forget all that...you know how the pipes in your toilet work..." The sad part is, you would likely also get a blank stare to this as well. There are people who float through life with nearly NO understanding of any of the things that make their lives possible. Some even consider this something to take pride in. Hhmmff. Wishful thinking. My grandmother knows nothing about tribal medicine... Cripes! Now even our states are resorting to protectionism! I wonder how long it will be before an online retailer just refuses to ship to certain states because the tax code is too complicated there to make the sale worth it. That brings up another interesting question, how does New York State prosecute someone in another state for a violation of NY state laws? Then to borrow from Ms Rand: She felt herself screaming silently, at times, for a glimpse of human ability, a single glimpse of clean, hard, radiant competence. She had fits of tortured longing for a friend or enemy with a mind better than her own. Most of the people who end up on here, or in PG's orbit in general can find themselves in this quote. It isn't PG himself, per se, but the kind of people he attracts and hangs out with. I dunno, that sounds a little like "electric light bulbs will be nothing more than a novelty item for the rich, they are just not practical for everyday use". Put another way; There are economies of scale for mass production, but $120/bbl oil to truck those things to people might just make those advantages disappear. Ee-yowch. Didn't expect that one to turn into a karma burn. Just saying that Paul attracts a certain kind of person that has a strong tendency towards technical competence. These types of people often like to hang out with others of this type and so it has less to do with the man himself and more to do with finding people of like mind. As for tortured longing , well, might I just put forth that some of us still work in some pretty dismal offices. Purple prose to be sure, but then, its hard to quote Rand without that particular hue! Yeah, cool, got it. The parent mentioned Rand, so I thought I'd throw some in. The context actually works in the book better than the quote might appear in the comment. It depicts someone who does know what they are doing in a job surrounded by people who don't wishing for a change. That's what brings me here at any rate. Ayn's typical over-the-top-ness obscured it in the book as well, but by then you'd read hundreds of pages and were quite used to it! Every couple of months one of these wanders along by. They are looking slicker these days but they all have the same problem: They are just OS mock-ups that don't do anything running in a browser. When I can upload a vmware image and then run it quickly in a browser from anywhere, then we might have something, but until then, toy versions of real apps running in fake desktops are cool, very technical, and very impressive, but not useful . I can almost feel the vibe of something like this coming from amazon EC2 eventually. Something with EC2, nomachine, persistent storage, vnc... its almost all there. Sounds like a ycombinator startup to me. I also wonder if they take into account the "muscle memory" effect in which musicians (and anyone who does complex tasks with their hands regularly) tends to store some information in the nerves and pathways of the hands themselves, rather than the brain. In other words, could a stupid drummer game the system? The test video is not very impressive. It is never shown stopping, slowing down, or reversing. It is a huge machine and looks to just have too much inertia for the kinds of vr games one might like to play on it. A leisurely stroll would be pushing it. Sadly, I must wait longer still for my holo-suite. www.limbikfreq.com (Limbik Frequencies) Lots of experimental electronic music and glitch. Seems perfect for the kind of programming I do... This title triggered a fairly intense repressed memory here. Something about Quake, telephone modems, and grenade launchers... Octogons? He also has an uncommon humility considering his achievements that really commands attention when he speaks or writes. You just don't ever get the "hidden agenda" vibe from Donald. Its very refreshing. I actually like inkjet printers. They are an excellent source of little stepper motors for my wacky projects. They were such a bad idea (as far as printers go) that everyone I know has 2 or 3 of them that they got free with some new computer in 1998 and can now no longer find ink for. Always yours for the asking. Soon my army of printer-stepper robots will swarm over all the earth and world domination will be mine. Narf, Poit, etc... Looks like in the coming century, as in software, the "openest" country/economy will win. As an American, I'd sure like it to be this one, but its not looking good, folks. Agreed. Why is every future always depicted with us suddenly losing all fashion sense and running around in unitards with dorky boots? Its a problem that's plagued sci-fi and futurology since at least the 20's as far as I can tell. My vision of the future is that we've enabled such accurate control of our environments and such precise manipulation of our genes that we are all naked, all of the time, and its OK. I'd say if he wants 25% of the equity, he should be paid no more than 25% of what you are being paid. Less if you invested cash up front and he didn't. What you don't want is to let people have it both ways, collecting a salary as if it were BigCo and getting massive chunks of equity as well. Jettas are safe because they make their drivers feel unsafe. S.U.V.s are unsafe because they make their drivers feel safe. That feeling of safety isn't the solution; it's the problem. So much wisdom in so few words. A long time ago, in an America far far away, the company my father worked for bought Gateway laptops that specifically had removable drives and advised all employees to have a "travel drive" for when they visited countries that were ahem less than civil. Good advice never gets old. We have seen the enemy, and he is us. Oh well, the 18 people who bought "Bob" tried to warn them... On some levels, I'd like to knock a day off the work week and live like its 1948, but then again, when I'm headed in for laparoscopic surgery, I'm really glad all of those people put in the extra hours instead of "playing ping-pong for hours on end." Humanity in the 21st century is a little like a startup. We have huge problems to solve and the outcome is tenuous at best. So we work our asses off. Some of it is on stupid stuff but some not. We're learning the difference. When we "get over the hump", get ourselves into space, get some of the big killers cured in medicine, and work out how lo live in peace with abundance for all of the people on earth, then maybe we'll have earned a break. The stuff I want, I don't find useless. I like having the ability to choose. As for the consumer being dissatisfied, yes, as a consumer of health care, I am dissatisfied with still having to die from cancer, heart disease, etc. Does humanity get distracted and work too hard on dumb stuff that we shouldn't. Yes. What person, startup, or species for that matter doesn't. "Lets just give up, accept what we have and work less" does not strike me as the most appropriate response to that observation. The great part is that everyone is free to chose in this system. You can move to Alaska and be a hermit and choose not to work at all. You can choose a life of quite contemplation free from material goods. I think the line should be drawn when someone sets themselves up as an authority and tells someone else that its somehow "wrong" for them to want the Nike shoes he saw on TV. This is my problem with the article. In it is hidden the implicit suggestion that there should be a central authority that decides who should work on what and for how long. Soviet-style communism fell with a dull thud. It seemed a bit idealistic but many saw no reason why it would not work. It just didn't. ovi256++ just for being a good sport. The article misses something important in all of its "Japan is doomed because of the loss of the children" predictions. Its easy to make more kids. As the country becomes more empty, it will be more desirable to have kids. (Perhaps living in an apartment the size of a closet puts a damper on ones desire to have rugrats in there with you?) The Japanese population may simply be correcting for the space and resources available, not vanishing in an x-files-esqe mystery as the over-sensationalized article suggests. She also died as a result of her research. She carried glowing vials of radioactive goo in her pockets ! I don't care what gender or race your are, her life is just a great story that is interesting as well as informative. This may have something to do with her ubiquity in addition to her gender. Don't use words too big for the subject. Don't say "infinitely" when you mean "very"; otherwise you'll have no word left when you want to talk about something really infinite. - C.S. Lewis We don't want to keep kids from swearing really, we want to keep them from swearing at the wrong moment and making themselves (and us) look foolish. Since this is impossible, we'd really just prefer if they didn't even know those words until they've developed the judgment required to use them correctly. You're also not buying, you're leasing your land from the government. If you fail to pay your lease fees, the government will evict you and lease the land to someone else. Yes they call it "taxes and zoning rules" but in practice it simply operates as a landlord charging rent and telling the tenant what they are and are not allowed to do with the landlord's property. If it walks like a duck... The whole idea of having a union of states was that the states can compete with each other, If New York makes it hard enough to do business there, business will be done elsewhere. (See: Delaware, Nevada, Wyoming) What should be happening is that NY has just made it undesirable to do business there. There should soon be a list of companies that just won't sell there as it is too much hassle. This is probably the goal. In some politicians muddled thinking this will help local businesses... Protectionism is ugly, even when states do it. It doesn't seem wrong to me. Surgery to give you 20/20 vision = OK, Surgery to give you 145 IQ = not ok?? Why? How about an expensive piece of optical machinery the rich can wear on their faces to give them good vision? All of the arguments I can come up with for not allowing the smart surgery/drugs (like it will benefit only the rich, wouldn't be fair etc,) fail on the "Lasik test". I take this to mean that its simply a cultural taboo now and will soon be seen as a curious, archaic belief from the distant past. As a start-upper with wife and kids I have some perspective to add. Our startup essentially began on the day my first child was born. I was running back and forth between the hospital and a pair of sales offices arranging a demo for our first large corporate client. We did land the contract, I was there for the birth of my son. It was the most stressful day I've ever had. Here's the advice: Its not just you starting the startup. If I had a different kind of wife, someone timid, fearful or unwilling to adjust from a standard of living to which she had become accustomed, my startup would have been impossible. Your wife has to have the bug as well even if shes not directly involved. If instead you get a "whatever you want dear as long as we still have enough money for X (soccer, preschool, shoe-shopping, cabletv... whatever), you are already done. The two of you can do it together. You can't do it alone. The bright side? You've already got your co-founder. That might also be the downside. on specific NICs . This is very important. The rich virus ecosystem that developed in windows did so because all windows installs are essentially the same. Attacks on your NIC in not something I'd lose sleep over simply because there are so darn many nics. I have enough trouble simply getting the authorized drivers to run on a dozen nics of the same model number consistently. How much harder would it be to get an exploit to run over the wire on all but the tiniest fraction of installed nics. Surgery to implant a modicum of tact, humility, and social grace? This might be a relic of the industrial age. Every thing I see in manufacturing today seems to be drifting toward the "customized" product. The more options and customizations available to consumers, the less we'll all have "the same thing". Are black macbooks really worth more than the white ones? What if I get mine laser etched or painted red? This depends on everybody having copies of a limited number of mass produced products. I think (and sincerely hope) we're headed for a much brighter future. Wish granted. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDprAFI1UaI I think we might be seeing a bias here. New teachers care. In my experience that $80,000/year "experienced" unionized public school teacher stopped caring about teaching before I was born.[1] [1] Yes I know that this is a gross generalization and that there are very good teachers that educated and inspire throughout their careers simply because thats the kind of people they are. They are rare. Thats why we remember them so fondly. A classic case of "lets find a graph to bolster our opinion". They may indeed be right. Raising taxes may produce a disincentive for capital to work and reduce GDP, actually reducing tax revenues. That fits in one sentence... what shall we fill the article with? Comparing this wacky correlation with Boyle's law is just shameful. There are examples in the former eastern-blok countries where low flat taxes actually cut corruption and raised revenues. They would have done better just presenting these anecdotes than this! Wow. Suddenly everyone is using "deleterious". I've seen it 3 times in the past 2 days. That was my word dammit! Now I'm not going to get those quizzical looks whenever I use it. Oh well, I guess it won't be as bad as when the writers of Star Trek usurped "anomalous". That was a dark day in vocabulary land... Yes, we can all go right to xkcd, or techcrunch or whatever and read them ourselves. Thats not the point of posting them on Hacker News. The point is that the discussion that follows about the ideas in the articles/comics is still radically different on HN than most other places. Randall has some thoughts that apply very well in a group like this so his comics appear here often and start interesting discussions. The only thing not interesting to me is that every time one is getting started I have to wade through a boundary layer of "lets blacklist xkcd" comments. Doc my karma if you will, but I think the silent majority has voted with the upmod arrow on the post. I am one of them. Great method for making your facebook app, not so great for flying the space shuttle. There are different kinds of code and different kinds of programmers. So much so that "real programmer" is like likely a nonsense statement, especially if it has anything to do with "gut feelings". That just rocks. Now combine this with multi-touch surface technology... Minority Report here we come! Seriously, another example of cool new technology that actually catches your attention and makes you wonder how they did it. Between what they're doing with music over at www.celemony.com, What Jeff Han is doing ( http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/65 ), and what Trevor Blackwell is doing at Anybots, I'm really starting to get excited about technology again! It sure is better than when they told me the future had arrived and it was pet food by mail. Ha. Definitely. Sometimes karma catches you off guard. I didn't expect to get any upmods for that. It was a bit of a rant really. When I got here, it was just about entirely a discussion about blacklisting xkcd and I thought the comic had brought up something that was really worth talking about. Of course, as soon as I post this the karma discussion effect will begin and it'll be downvoted back to something reasonable I think. Just don't - me bro... :) Yeah, I don't think Trevor invented self balancing systems either but when someone does something so well it looks like magic, I think thats exciting. It gives me hope for the future and a renewed sense of "I can't wait to see what's next". Notice that Half.com had already been started, built up, and sold long before the patent was even granted! 5-7 Years? You could start half a dozen startups in that time. File for the patents, but don't waste any time or money trying to make the filing "good". At best, patents pending are quaint old fairy-tales told about a bygone age to make investors feel all warm and fuzzy when you tuck them into bed. I just got done wishing that this would happen: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=197781 And here it is. Nice. From the article: And of course it’s easy for a billionaire to say “money and things aren’t important.” The important thing that they always miss is why its easy. It goes beyond just being able to afford to hotel hop. In a very real sense everything belongs to him. At least everything that is mass producible. This guy doesn't need a car because wherever in the world he is, he can simply say "get me a car" and one will appear. Substitute boat, plane, ham sandwich, whatever and its still true. When you have that much money, "ownership" becomes entirely a matter of semantics. Too true, but I'd rather have him spend his money on a museum or library that I can enjoy than a pair of private jets that I cannot. The original motivation matters very little to me. I think the community here just knows that science is not really the right tool to use to decide if God exists or not. We probably also know that the argument degrades rather quickly once started. Their "man trap" and guards seem like any one of the dozens of data-centers/co-los I go to on a regular basis. Most of theses are NOT located in strip malls either. Many of these host servers for fortune 100's and governments as well as ordinary schmos like me. Some even have vaults like banks. I'm thinking the reporter just got dazzled by the altogether ordinary trappings of a datacenter that does co-lo simply because reporters don't usually visit many datacenters. I guess the man-traps and biometrics must have seemed pretty "Star Trek" to me the first time I went to a co-lo as well. Completely unremarkable. I call "don't believe the hype" on this one. Hmmm. I could replace the disk drive I have now and it would be 1000 times faster, but it would cost $20,000. Ouch. I do think non-volatile memory is the way of the future, but maybe not quite yet. The 80 gig model however might make an excellent swap/scratch drive for not too much money. If only I could get in in my eeepc. :) "Mainstream attention" kills most of the things I'm most fond of. Of course, I knew this day would come and I'm happy for Randall but there's still this small sense of a let-down now that the secret is out. I was actually worried that if a new demographic of readers (or the perception thereof) found xkcd that Randall may tone down some of the geek humor in favor of something more universal . I hope not. mainstream attention kills in most things is the ability for early adapters to consider themselves elite . Wow this sentiment has been cropping up quite a lot lately. Kind of like a snobbish backlash to snobbish-looking elitism thing. Meta-snobbery?! Our visual entertainment would be confined to things like Star Wars Kid. He forgot "Ow, My Balls", I think. Seriously though, I think live music and recorded albums are actually disconnected and septate products. What will happen is that there will be no more soccer moms going to $100 million dollar REO Speedwagon reunion tours and instead there will be a resurgence in small venue, local music scenes."Pop" music as we know it today, when it becomes a free commodity, will be seen by most people as a product for children. This can be good because although there will be no more "Madonnas", hundreds of smaller acts will take her place and offer much more variety. I can't wait. Sometimes I think I was born at the wrong time. I sure would have loved to hack in the bad old days of computing where the computer came with schematics and you understood exactly (or had a good try of it) what the machine was doing. At least, I think I'd like it better than hoping that my motherboard can authorize itself to the drm in my graphics card so the hi-def from my own camera will play on my screen at more than 320x240. I'm getting pretty tired of this Musion company claiming "Star wars" level "holograms". Its not a hologram. It is a 2d projected overlay on a giant film mirror stretched in front of the stage. There is no parallax, there is no depth. The people onstage cannot even see the image that is being overlayed with them. Its noting more than a "smoke and mirrors" trick from the 1800's called the "Pepper's Ghost" illusion. They've been using it for decades at Disney theme parks. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pepper's_ghost There's a lot of exciting innovation going on in many fields right now, this just isn't one of them. Call me when my beer-fetching robot can project a 3d image on my coffee table. The orange guy on the left marched right back into his hut, pulled out his OLPC and filed a complaint with the FAA for nuisance planes flying too low, buzzing the village and disturbing the peace, describing the incident as "uncivilized behavior". Patents these days are so broad and so many that whatever your idea is, there will be a patent covering it or someone ready to claim that the one they have covers it. Make a good product, make money, then pay lawyers to sort it out for you. Its all mostly pretend now anyway. Patents really have about as much to do with ideas as Scientology has to do with science. It also seems these days that the more a company blathers about patent-pending this and proprietary that, the less actual innovation they've done. I know all of the arguments. Saving American lives etc. They sound good. I love robotics but I still recoil at the thought of first-world technological giants deploying semi-autonomous, or ever fully autonomous machines to kill vastly outmatched humans in third world nations at no risk to themselves. It just begs for abuse. If not now, certainly in the future. I wasn't suggesting that we should hold back progress. Like I said, I love robots. I just think that maybe we shouldn't kill so many people with them. Having a technology but deciding not to kill people with it is within the realm of the possible I hope. You're looking for another, larger dinosaur to come along and eat ebay. Instead what is likely to happen is many smaller mammals like cragslist and http://www.etsy.com/ will come along and slowly make it irrelevant. They are certainly speeding the process along with their mistreatment of the most important kinds of sellers and allowing the rampant spam and fraud that has nearly taken over whole sections. When ebay began the web was a very different place. The rise of social networking and basic online shopping awareness will allow smaller niche markets like etsy to flourish. A reputation system that is portable, secure and inter-operates easily would be a big plus in this direction but I think it will happen even without it being fully developed. I can't wait for an online market of makers that can offer unique, one-off technology products. I'd gladly trade in my Ipod for a funky handmade OS Ogg player that did more of what I want and less of what Apple wants. Reputation built by how many cool things you've made, commissioned items.. Hey there's a startup in there somewhere! Its expensive but its fair . The connection I have now is as much as you want, until its too much, in which case we'll just cut you off without warning. I believe I might actually prefer the expensive and fair model. 40 gigabytes in a 30 day month looks like a continuous transfer rate of about 128 kbits/s. A little more than twice dialup. Heh, watch out for bittorrent clients on your network! Ok, Ok, 128 was just a hipshot. Lets do it right 40 GB = 42,949,672,960 bytes 1 month = 2,629,743.83 seconds 40GB/1month = 16,331 bytes/second 8 bits per byte -> 16,331 * 8 = 130,648 bits/sec So round about 131 kilobits / second. Dialup was 50 kilobits/second practically so almost but not quite 3 times the speed of dialup. Hmm, I meant fair as in you know what you are buying for the money you are giving them because the declare it up front. Is this amount reasonable? Hell no . As has been stated above, these companies got massive tax breaks and subsidies (and sometimes monopoly powers) on the promise of limitless bandwidth and fiber everywhere. They have been essentially selling dial-up ever since. (At these caps, they still are). I call that stealing. What I meant was, this is slightly more honorable than telling the customer that it is unlimited and then cutting off the account without warning when the magic undisclosed number is reached. This way the customer knows in advance that the service sucks monkey balls and can choose an alternative if possible. This is exactly what always bothered me about Google's white board testing (and testing like it at other big firms). It lets them know that you can do pointers and O notation but it completely misses the specific kind of tenacity that seems to make great programmers great. I love those little intel boards. They actually have 1.33Ghz Celeron D cpus on them. The whole system with a hdd clocks in at about 48watts. About 8 watts while sleeping. There is even a fanless version. Its nearly a complete working computer for $70. I often use a 4 gig CF card with an adapter instead of a hdd as well. One less power hungry moving part. They beat all but the fastest VIA mini-itx hands down at many 3x less the cost. One sidenote. I had trouble getting Xorg/XFree86 to run accelerated at higher resolutions (than 1024x768) with this board. As of a month or two ago, they were still having driver issues. Windows XP worked like a champ. Also their popularity has caught up with them. Everyone seems sold out lately. I've had trouble finding on the last few times I've looked Ahh. Makes sense now. The first one I got, more than a year ago had a big fan and ran quite hot. All the ones since then I've gotten without a fan. I checked a recent one. Not D. Looks like there may have been a short lived D version thats not as nice. Good eye. Also disregard my power measurements since I did them on the first one. The consumption on more recent ones may well be lower. I think the big red FAIL said it best. But, but, if they release it, how will we say FAIL in this particular way? It has become a valuable idiom for a certain kind of fail, especially in the start up world. Plus, how many running jokes are a decade old? I'm gonna miss it! Don't mind if I do! A popcorn kernel has about 1/10 gram of water in it. We have to boil this water to pop the kernel. How much power do we need to turn this much water to steam in the time in the video (about 10 seconds)? First heat the water from room temp (21C) to 100C: dT * .1g -> 79 * .1 = 7.9 calories = 33.0536 joules Now add to that the latent heat for boiling to get our 100 degree water to steam (2260j/g) 2260*.1 = 226J Add it together and we need about 226 + 33 = 259 Joules of energy to pop a kernel. So how much power is that? 1 Watt is of course energy expended at 1 joule per second. A 10 second pop of a kernel would need a steady 259/10 = 25.9 watts of continuous power to be fed directly into the kernel for 10 seconds to make it pop! Do you think your cell phone transmits at 26 watts? (Much more than that actually since there is no way even a good fraction of all transmitted power would make it into the kernel). Even with 4 phones, each would have to transmit at at least 6.5 watts, have perfectly directional antennas, pointed directly at a single kernel, for ten seconds. Checking with the FCC filing for my moto shows a max transmission power allowed at 1 watt. Typical being 0.2 watts. I call bullshit. Don't believe the math? Go to the medicine cabinet and get a thermometer, put it in a little bit of water at the bottom of a glass and see if there is anything you can do with your phone to heat the water even one degree. You'd have more luck shaking it vigorously. FTR, I think he's guilty (and have from nearly the beginning) but parent is right. These offices are often little hotbeds of spin and manipulation. Public opinion counts in a big way. People get elected, careers advance and names are made by the trials and their outcomes. I wouldn't take anything heard in the news about this case very seriously until the body actually shows up. They forgot "if the image is facing you from a rack in a supermarket checkout line, its a strong indicator of a faked photo." FTA: “When I started I thought that this would take 6 to 12 months,” Mr. Harman said. What he found instead were companies that had little interest in redesigning their products, even in the face of the promise of double-digit increases in efficiency. I've found that you need for something to be at least 10 times better before people will consider making the effort to think about using it. Perhaps we'll also roll up our sleeves and make some stuff again, instead of being the worlds "office space" and letting the rest of the world do the building for us. Americans were always so very good at making stuff. Rockets, cars, computers, fun stuff. Seems all we make these days is weapons, fast food, and the same movie over and over. Showed the whale, Jumped the shark, Epic fail, Nothing but carp. Its all fish to me. :) I do find that I no longer read through things (especially opinion pieces) with that sense of "truncated thought" whenever I come to a questionable assertion or statistic. It used to be that I'd feel an uneasy is that right? feeling at these points and try to remember to check that out later. Now I'm very likely to pop google open next to the piece and check immediately. Very often things I'm reading "strike out" with a few bogus assertions or statistics and don't get read all the way through. Reading anything without google except fiction where I wish to suspend disbelief feels weird now. Google makes us smarter, not stupid, because it allows our brain to be an L1 cache instead of the entire store. With the promises of fiber everywhere in exchange for billions in tax breaks and subsidies that were never delivered on, leaving substantial portions of the country with only dial-up in 2008 , I'd say they did as much to prevent these technologies as they did to bring them. http://www.newnetworks.com/failedfiberstates.htm Well said. I will now predict the future. Steve Jobs will die. So will everyone else. Apple is a company that is very clearly in need of an world class succession plan. It needs to be public and it needs to be endorsed by Steve himself while he is still seen as healthy and in control. Apple needs it more than most because of Steve's rock star status. If Jobs has to step down before this is in place, I don't think Apple will do very well, both when it comes to stock value and product lines. Every time someone unlocks an iPhone, a little part of the Steve dies. :) FTA: These critics obviously have not read my book and have not read this chapter because they do not respond to anything I’ve written. It is as if they’ve just heard a superficial presentation of these ideas and respond without any engagement of the extensive discussion that has already taken place about these issues. And now we know how Kurzweil says RTFA. Sweet! Then we'd get major practice in for our Google interview as well. Don't forget puzzles involving sparrows, rowboats, candles, and ropes for those of us who might be elsewhere-bound. Seriously, this should be implemented on the device level. Its stupid easy to add one of these: http://octopart.com/search?q=dc+to+dc to your circuit board along with a 4 diode rectifier bridge and support a dizzying array of different inputs all at once. Lets just say 12-24 volts and let the individual machines that plug in sort out what they are going to do with that. IMHO this is long overdue. "Going dark" might be more acceptable to senior programmer types who already have a strong grasp of software development concept, accepted idioms, and basic coding style. They seasoned expert is like likely to return after his dark period with something consistent, clearly written and mostly bug free. (Especially the troublesome design flaw bugs). The junior programmer who goes dark mostly out of fear of criticism is likely to return with something that has no consistent style, mixed up idioms and likely fundamental system-wide design flaws that require rewrite. The important difference here is the reason these two different classes of developers choose these long dark periods. The first developer wants to be free of politics, interruptions and nitpicking while he builds what he knows how to build. The second is afraid of criticism as he stumbles through unfamiliar territory hoping that if he can get it to "just work" it will hide his ignorance. Denying the first his time might cost you something truly great that you otherwise won't be able to get. Allowing the second cheats the junior of a valuable learning experience and simply allows him to continue in bad practices, gaining "experience" without any real increase in know-how, thus generating the strange coder we;ve all met with "20 years of experience in blub" who writes unusable code. The efficiency could be terrible and still save energy verses the parasitic draw of the multiple wall-warts I need to charge all of my stuff today. This doesn't even take into account the energy needed to make and ship so many different adapters. I also have this experience. I am a native English speaker who learned German quite young. I still think certain things in German, especially things that I learned either in German, or during that period of my life. As noted, "ja, genau" still echoes in my mind for total agreement. There just doesn't seem as good an English equivalent! It does. The same way "understand" does for grok. There's absolutely no reason you couldn't trivially whip together a little ogg or mp3 file format that packs in an arbitrary number of tracks. If I'm not mistaken, several audio collaboration tools already do this. Article -> meh. Theres only one thing that could allow a format to overtake mp3: 10x better compression without reduction in quality, or drastic power requirements for playback. I like the history of the expensive watch. It highlights neatly exactly what technology does to wealth. This company began when only the ultra rich could afford a precision timekeeper. Having one for personal use that could be worn on ones person seemed an impossible luxury. The rich lived a different kind of life in those times. Now you can get a watch at WalMart for $10 that keeps better time than the most expensive mechanical watch. Technology lets us all live the same way. The rich are reduced to comical displays of gluing diamonds to the outdated mechanical monsters of the past. Some of the "rich watches" are quite beautiful, both physically and mechanically. Most are not. In any case, they're just bling now. FTA: "The death of maths, physics and computer science graduates is hitting us hard." Graduates are dying?! Bogus! OOOhhh you meant to use dearth . Too true, Back in my day, when we cheated, they just failed you and made you do it again. Repeat a year, or get out of jail when you're 50-something for something you did in HS; choices. Zero tolerance and all that yap, I guess. Wouldn't want him to grow up and become a tur-rist. We've traveled this road fairly extensively as well. You will almost certainly find that you will have countless ideas on how to improve things. The better the idea, and the more it will help, the less likely it is that you will be allowed to do it. Implementing good ideas requires change. I can't think of many fields where change is more resisted than medicine. All hacks don't have to be useful. This is a cool hack. Yes it purpose was to be funny, but there is some interesting technical knowhow involved here. Goofy as it is, it seems like perfect hacker stuff to me. Music, programming, robots, etc. I vote it belongs here. FTA: It's not curators, it's not critics, it's not the public, it's not collectors who find great artists—it's other artists. Magnificent insight. Love it. Off-Topic: Most stories about politics, or crime, or sports, unless they're evidence of some interesting new phenomenon. Upvoted. Interesting phenomenon. Unintended consequence in a complex system. Interesting. BS. Most people buy and hold index funds not single stocks ! I can find tons of examples where it would be better to "time the market". Pets.com? I can find just as many to prove that buy and hold is exactly the right thing to do. This assertion is totally bogus. Its not even a manipulation of statistics, just an out of context graph in a nonsense argument. Swing and miss. Ahh. True enough, but a narrow one to be sure, (Made up of only 24 banks and lenders). Point remains that it was hand picked from a sector that is doing historically bad right now in order to try to prove a dubious point. What's scary about Microsoft is that a company so big can develop software at all. They're like a mountain that can walk. -Paul Graham One of my favorite PG quotes. Perhaps the deep and abiding problem here is not that all cellphones are not nationalized, its that there are people in this world that kill each other over SMS messages! But yeah, sure, go ahead and fix the dot. I'm sure that will solve everything. Although the RIAA has surely tried. I really want to believe its not just "The Office" with 50 cal. machine guns over there. This does not instill me with a great deal of confidence in this regard. “You ended that sentence with a preposition…Bastard!” -Richard Dean Anderson (as Jack O'Niell) More than that, I like my plumbing and my electrical systems to be completely separate . Yeah, Yeah, I know all about GFCI, but how much power does all that stuff take and exactly where is it all pointing??? Plain old flush toilet for me thanks. I, I think so Brain, but burlap chafes me so... AI is especially funny that way. You always feel like you're almost there . Since 1965 I think. In reality, AI is like jumping across the Grand Canyon. You either jump all of the way, or Wile E. Coyote it. It would not function in that environment as hundreds of flashes are going off all at once. This hack is one camera, one flash, one angle, close range, once every 30 seconds or so. His fever is nearly 102! Thats dangerous right? Should I take him in? If I do there is no way we'll make rent, and probably not the car payment either. Maybe if I just give him extra Tylenol, it will break by morning. Dammit, how much is too much?... The extra happiness that comes from being wealthy does not come from more leisure. Wow. I smell opportunity here! The patent system is broken enough now that you can basically patent the same vague "method" over and over again. Now you can sell each one too Google. Profit! Yes. The above was sarcasm. I'm a little disappointed by this. This would seem to just encourage the production of more bogus patents. If they were really serious, they'd put all of those millions into patent reforms. If you look at the list of participants, many have not been model citizens when it comes to patents. This smells more like another power-play than any attempt at reform, or even "defense" as they claim. Although, I'd value the opinion of someone who did build a reactor in their back yard in a whole different class than someone who went to a few Greenpeace rallies. XP is a specialized tool for getting specialized results. As the article mentioned, it is good for getting large volumes of average code. (And likely doing so with fewer mistakes). We XP for the same reason we have 2 pilots on an airliner. Its long and boring but messing up can be very bad. So we send 2 people to manage the drudgery, keep each other motivated and catch mistakes that could lead to problems later. The virtue of the lone expert however, applies to a very different type of problem. He has to be free to try the most wild outlandish things that pop into his head. This is not possible in a "pair programming" environment. There is astonishingly little difference between design flaw and brilliant innovation in this space. When we test the X-1 we send Chuck Yeager not a pair of pilots from Delta. 10 seconds seems long to me. Could the article mean 10ms. I can easily make conscious choices, based on previously unknown data, in less than 10 seconds. I think nearly everyone who drives a car does it every day. See a problem, suppress the initial reflex action, make a choice, execute. All in less than 10 seconds to be sure. I guess what I'm getting at (and perhaps driving is a bad example) is that I can make decisions (in a non-reflexive way) based on data that I've been aware of for less than 10 seconds. How could I have decided something 10 seconds ago based on what I've only known for 5? Another example. I get on an elevator, see my doctor is on the 5th floor, and press the 5th floor button. This takes about 7 seconds. How could I have decided to go to the fifth floor 10 seconds ago? Hell, I decide what to get at burger king in less than 10 seconds after looking at the menu-board. There is so much wrong with this I don't know where to start. Paralysis of options! I mean seriously. If I were in charge of this company, I'd fire everyone, format all of the servers and start the company over. You just can't fix it when its that far gone! We use Compact Flash as hdd's is small embedded systems. They are 10x more battery efficient than a standard laptop hdd and twice as efficient as a microdrive. Of course, the largest CF we use is 8 GB and the typical size is 2-4 gb. (I did my consumption tests on 4GB Sandisks). The smallest used in the article was 32GB. Perhaps power consumption increases dramatically with size in SSD's? I'd rather eat at "Apple applied to dining". Pick a few very specific dishes and the cook them exceptionally well. I wouldn't always be in the mood for Apple dining, but when I was, I'd know where to go. I'm actually going to have to agree here even though I'm usually a little annoyed by the whole "off topic" stream that so often emerges. While interesting in its own right, the story does not fit the profile of what I come to HN to find. I see this stuff on Google news on my way to HN. I'd hate to think of Hacker news being replaced in any large percentage by public interest news. No upvote here. An interesting story that was legitimately off topic. Wallace has prior art on this one. Grommit filed the patent. It's got a cool look to it. Like a little rocket. At only 660 pounds though sitting a 350lb American in it is going to seriously degrade that mileage figure. There is a point coming in the near future (with these ultralight cars) where being a bit on the tubby side is going to directly impact your commuting costs! Iraq doesn't affect anyone in the US except for the volunteer military made up of mostly people who are more than happy to be there,.. Because there's nothing quite like 2 back to back extended tours in third-world hell while they foreclose on your house back home and kick your wife and 3 year old out on the street to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Sheesh. Don't Be Evil seems a bit like a levee system. Its easy when your town is small to keep it surrounded by levees and the flood waters at bay, but there comes a point when the town is just too big, a weak spot inevitably occurs and the flood waters come roaring in. After having just spend a bunch of time reading the "Why are geeks atheists" thread, this article cast an entirely new image of the phrase "Jesus saves" into my mind... Yes, but without the lasers, is this really hacker news? :) There is a caveat to this assertion; If said god is entirely internally consistent, then his whim is no more arbitrary than the laws of nature. Perhaps this is contained in the definition "God", perhaps this is why religious types are always on about "holiness" (which I have gathered mostly means "internally consistent") . When the intel Atom x86 chip starts to appear in small embedded devices, its really going to shake up this sector. Until recently, you had to have all sorts of customized kernels, toolchains etc just to get whatever opensource project that scratched your itch to run embedded. Soon your post-it sized computer can just run centos with a more or less stock kernel. Forget that arm nonsense. You can do it now with a Soekris (Geode CPU) http://www.soekris.com/ if you're so inclined. You don't even have to be a "hand selected early adopter" to be able to buy one. I always thought there was something just a little bit Dr. Seuss about the giant Danali with built in tvs and cup warmers and seat-heaters.... Like those giant contraptions the Whos are pictured riding around on. I'd never drive one, and they do scare me when right next to me in my Corolla but I'm gonna miss that 5'2" woman climbing down outta that thing in the parking lot of the Wal-Mart lookin' like Cindy-Lou-Who. The best "toys" I had as a kid were not toys at all. I think kids are often frustrated by toy versions of real things. Kudos to the author for suggesting a real laptop instead of the cheeseball alternatives. When I was young, instead of toy version of real tools, my father managed to find me kid sized versions of real things. Instead of a plastic pretend hammer and screwdriver, I had real metal 1/2 sized versions of these tools that could actually make things. I had a small soldering iron by the time I was 8 or 9 and after a disappointing experience with a pre-made "1001 electronic projects" kits, my dad just started bringing me bags of surplus transistors,caps,resistors,and ICs which I would solder together into little lumps of partially functioning goodness. I did these things because no one ever told me that 9 year olds shouldn't be doing this. This is the message I'm afraid that these toy versions of things convey. The kid world should be impotent and pretend because the real world is not for children. What about books - am I not allowed to read books anymore if the characters in the book are not of the appropriate age? Or music - am I not allowed to listen to a song if the singer of the song is 10 years younger than I am? Excellent ideas comrade, I'll contact the Ministry of Truth and see what we can arrange. Seriously, the thing that bothers me about all of this is that the relationship is automatically cast as creepy and then justifications are sought to make it seem not so. This should be the other way around, no? I think we've all seen one to many episodes of "To catch a predator" for our own good. My favorite is this one: http://blog.modernmechanix.com/2008/06/28/atomic-golf-ball/ Lets make the golf ball radio-active so we can find it easier! You just can't make this stuff up. Is this some kind of onion-esque joke? I don't even know how to respond to this... some sort of personal stack overflow. The more I think about it, the worse it gets. That's one of the curious parts about the whole thing. Any mind capable of the brain teasers, or even grasping the rudimentary explanations of cryptography found on the site, is likely to be quite unimpressed by "D-Dog" and "Crypto-Cat". Half the site says "Nova", the other half "The Electric Company", and its all put on by the NSA? The dissonance hurts my brain. Sigh My tax dollars at work. They forgot robots. Microsoft is actually marketing a robotics suite! Its almost too cliche to even mention windows running robots going beserk etc.... This would not have been a desirable outcome. Thankfully, Hans acted in our best interests. He is a sociopath and there is zero doubt on the matter of his guilt. I hope very much that he gets the maximum sentence, even if (as the article argues a bit too strongly) it will cost us all a little more money. Experts have their expert fun ex cathedra telling one just how nothing can be done. Outstanding. Like anywhere, there are many American beers that are simply drek. Our mainstream beers often have very low alcohol content compared to other beers around the world and our "Light/Lite" beers lack much of the flavor that makes beer, well beer, so the "close to water" is somewhat true. In defense of American beer: There are thousands of Microbreweries all over the country with influences from all over the globe. I think if you dig a little deeper, you will find that America is the melting pot of beer! Yes, indeed, if you come to America and order a Bud-lite at the Applebees, you are quite likely to be disappointed. You have to dig a little deeper than beer made in giant chemical factories with the singular intent of HCD mass appeal. Unfortunately America excels at that sort of production and so we've gotten a bad rap in world opinion about beer. Some of the worst beer in the world is made in the USA, so is some of the best. Sidebar: Not to nitpick but the "American beer is like sex in a canoe, its pretty close to water" is funnier when you think about why sex is included and replace "pretty" with a different word. :) Few things in the common life of people are as dangerous as 25 gallons of unleaded. I'd much rather face any compressed air explosion than be soaked in burning gas. Neat. This also opens the door for more energy dense and pressure stable compressed gas fuels like nitrogen and CO2. His problem wasn't that the article was not relevant. His problem is that none of us can read it because its locked behind a subscription service. This means that it either doesn't belong here (and is here by accident) or is spam trying to get us to sign up, which also doesn't belong here. Sorry, its a stupid paintball reference. It probably is meaningless. What its supposed to mean is that as a chemical pressurized (to the point of liquification) boils and creates the pressure in the tank, this pressure remains relatively stable as long as there is some liquid left to boil. So most paintball markers use CO2 because you need a simple regulator to get an even pressure for most of the tank. Some markers use plain air pressure, they require more complicated regulators because the pressure changes dramatically during the entire use of the tank. So the dumb jocks say that the CO2 tanks are "pressure stable", I suppose because pressure in the tank is constant around 850psi so long as there is any liquid CO2 in the tank.[1] I made this comment because this to me seems like a desirable property for a fuel gas in a compressed gas vehicle to possess. I will attempt to be more succinct in the future. [1] And since we are nitpicking, I am in fact aware that that this figure of 850 is variable based on the temperature of the tank. Have you never driven behind a welding supply truck with all of those tanks rattling and smashing around back there? Some of those tanks are both under extremely high pressure and contain explosive gases. I think its worth mentioning that explosion is not the danger we should be thinking about when it comes to gasoline. Gas is a low viscosity, oily (duh) substance held in flimsy metal or plastic containers that ignites easily and is hard to put out. We are comparing the danger of being injured by the compressed air explosion with the danger of being burned severely by sprayed or leaked fuel. Sign me up for the shrapnel because burns suck huge. I remember the first time I got an F on an assignment even though I'd gotten the correct answer to every problem. I hadn't reached my correct answers the "right" way. Neat idea. I'd like to know more about the computers and software between camera and TV. It sounds like he's been able ot do better than I've done so far with linux boxes and Haupauge cards. I had simply taken shortcuts I'd seen later in the book for factoring quadratics. They wanted to see it written exactly as it appeared in the current examples. I realized that math in school was more like one of those simon games where you just mindlessly press the arbitrary sequence of lights you just saw, than actual mathematics. This analogy helped me suffer through "school math" while I perused real math on my own. I find it very compelling that this otherwise ordinary lady's words may very well be with us forever . (Or at least so long as our society lasts.) I sometimes find myself wishing more older people would start blogging so that what knowlege they carry will not be lost. Lets use the laymens sniff test to figure out the level of WTF present in our system, using IndyMAC as an example. You have all your money in an IndyMac account. They hold your mortage. IndyMAC collapses prompting the FDIC to take them over and bail them out. What happens: You lose at least half (probably more) of all the money you have in the bank over $100k. They get a fat bailout, so long and thanks for all the cash. You are still expected to repay your mortgage in full. I know there's probably some logical explanation in financialese showing that this is the right outcome... But, come on, they lose your money and still demand to be repaid... WTF?! Oh Noes! You mean I have choices of how to handle audio on my linux boxes?! Surely we should just pick a monopolistic vendor and let them dictate it for us for simplicity's sake. They could approve the drivers so we'd know they're good. We could call it driver signing and pay them lots of money for the privilege. I've got to agree. All I can think of when I see a bit of fluff like this is : Yo ppl, where da digg button at?" They way they write is actually a protocol like html. Many on the words used are magic and have special meaning in a legal context. That being said, the legal system most likely has grown purposely obtuse over the years. They do, in fact, collect some of the highest rates per hour of nearly any profession to argue about what the definition of "is" is. Any and all nerds, geeks, and IT professionals: Channel Intelligence , its directors, high ranking employees and investors are at this time placed on the Information Technology No Fly List . Please do not sell this company or these individuals any form of information technology service. This includes web hosting, network support, system administration, and even PC repair. I also urge taxi drivers to drive right by them in the rain and small children to make faces at them in public. Scholastic performance in this context usually means ability to follow arbitrary instructions, remain quiet, and perform obviously unimportant busywork without becoming bored or distracted. So, no, a tool that can both provide distraction and unleash a creative mind to explore is not exactly what you'd want to hand someone you'd like to meet the above goal. Its quite likely the opposite. For God's sake, give it to them! the relentless decline in the number of Pirates has led to global warming Damn ninjas! The way to stop global warming is to eradicate all of those pesky ninjas so the indigenous pirate populations can recover. I knew it all along. I'm flagging all of the stories that turn out to be locked behind a paid subscription wall. Is this an appropriate use of flagging? Lets use the laymen's sniff test to figure out the level of WTF present in our system, using IndyMAC as an example. You have all your money in an IndyMac account. They hold your mortgage. IndyMAC collapses prompting the FDIC to take them over and bail them out. What happens: You lose at least half (probably more) of all the money you have in the bank over $100k. They get a fat bailout, so long and thanks for all the cash. You are still expected to repay your mortgage in full. I know there's probably some logical explanation in financialese showing that this is the right outcome... But, come on, they lose your money and still demand to be repaid... WTF?! There is the outrage. Go to 7-11. You'll find plenty of them waiting in line for "powerball" tickets. Its tight. Its useful. It works. Well done, I'd say. Good luck to you. PS: Granted if your building a toaster then an 8080 is probably overkill. No, but using a $.95 7 million transistor cpu to simply emulate a more expensive mechanical timer might not be. And then you get internet and an LCD and all sorts of stuff basically for free. You could even emulate that 8080 if you wanted. A good implementation of an idea I've seen before. The really impressive part of this is "mixturtle". I remember it and its easy to type. You've got time to improve the interface. The name is very clever: WIN on branding. From the site: I have extremely limited resources, and I could do more if I had more resources. Maybe I deserve a break, Actually I think every one does. But while that isn't happening, I'm not going to wait for it. I'm going to do something. Best thing I've read this month. Best wishes for success. As of this time, the touch screen will make the $200 price tag impossible. The $300-$400 is very possible however. If they do build it and keep it open (which is by no means a given when it comes to stuff like this), it could be a wonderful success. I once knew this girl named "Perl". She really blew my mind... Apparently, there's more than one way to do it! ;) It always seems like it works out this way. Secret sources to be named "soon". Untested near-products that aren't quite ready for release... Lets do it with stuff we can get and see what happens: Main Board: (truly open, schematics and all) : http://beagleboard.org/ ($149) Screen : Lilliput 8" 1024x768 touch screen ( http://www.case-mod.com/lilliput-809gl80npct-lcd-touch-scree... ) ($259) Network : 802.11g wifi ( http://www.usbgear.com/USB-Wi-Fi.html ) ($30) Battery: 7.4v LiIon 5200mAh (4 hours run) http://www.all-battery.com/index.asp?PageAction=VIEWPROD&... ($50) Case: Injection Mold plastic ( http://www.emachineshop.com/molding_machines/injection_moldi... ) ($10) Cost to build a single one, ignoring volume discounts and cost to assemble: $498. Being able to make one without a proxy (ie. using a supply chain company, design firm and manufacturer). : Priceless. FTA: “Vista is now actually better than its reputation. That’s a marketing issue.” Hilarious, sad, and true, all at the same time. Classic. I had a professor in a beginning CS class who was a fortran/pascal programmer (and it showed mightily) but had one very good habit of re-enforcing good cognitive models with english language. Instead of saying a equals b for a = b, he would say a becomes the same as b or if it was a pointer operation a points to what b points to . I still use his method when reading code today. Agreed. I wish more politicians had the tiniest sliver of a generative model in their muddled thinking. I do believe in God and religion makes me somewhat uncomfortable as well! I find nearly all of it to be a bunch of superstitions that people would like to believe, both without evidence or logic. I respect people of every faith, (and no faith) that have developed for themselves a systematic theology/cosmology that has some modicum of internal consistency. I have no time to talk to or debate those who can't be bothered and just go around believing "by faith" whatever they feel like. This is not an uncommon perception. I run into way to many fundies who believe the Bible is some sort of magical text straight from the stone tablets of God. (They, of course, pick their favorite translation, or worse, paraphrase, to be this magic book). Its closer to the truth to call the Bible a scrap-book of letters, personal accounts, advice for living, poetry, religious writings, and history spanning many centuries. Those that have believed it have carefully assembled it over the millennia (yeah, some of it is that old!) in order to tell the story of God's relation to man. Emptied of its religious context, (and sadly, modern connotative baggage that is has accumulated in the last few centuries), it is one of the most fascinating artifacts of ancient humans to be found anywhere. Its ubiquity belies the fact that it is well worth study in this regard. We did just this. It worked out wonderfully . 200 disposable cameras (hey, it was 1999), 27 pictures each. This is a @#$%load of photos folks. 90% of them were total crap. 7% of them were way-cool novelties, 3% of them were pure gold that no wedding photographer could have captured. We had a traditional wedding potog take the usual pictures that no one looks at as well. Pictures were taken at the wedding, the reception, and the after-party. At the end of it all, we mailed out cd-roms of the best pictures to everyone who attended. (These cd's had, incidentally, also been the invitations. Bring your invitation along, get photos of the event!) I highly recommend it to one and all. Crowd-sourced photos rock. "Normal", in this sense just describes an imaginary HCD pseudo-human. There is no such thing. There was once a time when normal people didn't have computers, cell-phones, tv's, radios, cars, refrigerators... you get the idea. Don't fear the niche, or the early adopter. Today's weird geek toy might be tomorrow's necessity. Some people simply need to be told to check the power cable and reboot. Many people in your company are capable of giving these instructions and not much more. Some people simply need to be told "use regedit and change DMAmode to 3". There are a few people in your company capable of giving this instruction at the right time. The secret is protecting that latter group from the former. (In both cases). I've found that in most of my dealings with phone support, its the escalation method that is broken. As much as I hate to say it, Microsoft's contract support is actually extremely good at getting this right. I usually get from "reboot" to "regedit" in less than 30 minutes, and they usually fix it. Those comments he doesn't like are often required by coding practices in a team setting. Rightly so as there are often people of many different skill levels working on the same code. People who work hard to convince us that nothing matters are afraid that actually, something might matter. Convincing others is a way to seek validation and assuage those fears. In short it matters to them that nothing should matter. :) Keycard? Seriously? http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/right-to-read.html Here we come. [insert name of company] is not dead yet. [insert name of company] thinks it'll go for a walk... Men find the women they are looking for, so they are happier. Women end up with the men that were looking for them... Yes, there's a lot of "left field" research in this direction that might yield a breakthrough that would make H2 energy production and storage viable. Buckyball materials for storing, bacteria that create it from sunlight to create it, etc. I have yet to see a really good synopsis of the promising research in these various directions and a decent analysis of which ones have promise and which are hype. Anyone know? It was a little light on how this is different than a regular low power cmos element that you might find in any webcam. Its pretty easy to use an arm to just grab an image from a disembodied webcam and write it to sd. What exactly does the Hubble have to do with it? Is it lower power than cmos? better image? what? I want to be excited (and I want one!). Tell me why this is exciting! Its entirely possible that you got down-modded because we got the humor. Wierd Al -> Digg Monty Python -> Slashdot Randall Munroe -> HN It seems like in this case we have a temporal error. A popular movie generated buzz now and skewed a result that people pronounce loosely as of all time . Batman might be the best movie out recently but in 2 years time, it will be a dim and fading memory while the Godfather will retain its appeal as it has already proven that it can. IMDB just needs a temporal filter to keep the latest trend from skewing the universal result. If indeed they ever get an early warning system like they've been promising for years that gives a few minutes warning before large quakes hit, twitter could be valuable. In addition to those great whackin' horns they blow for emergencies. Otherwise, I don't see much point in twittering "dude, there's an earthquake!" All of the effected people will already know that. SoCal earthquake a powerful reminder of Twitter’s potential . How about a powerful reminder of nature's potential? Tweet. Isn't this dumb? Don't you just consume bits in precision instead of bits in maximum variable space? average += (x-average)/count As soon as count becomes large enough, (x-average)/count will equal zero in your system and you "averager" will be broken. Seems to me you've just moved your representation bits from one side of a decimal to the other. Cool. He made onstar in his spare time. Nice hack indeed. As a side note, I really don't want onstar to add the ability to turn off the ignition remotely! It does seem that the set point is movable. If you've been overweight for 20 years, there may very well be nothing that you can do about it. An interesting (but very difficult to conduct) study would be an investigation into this particular rubicon of flab. How fat can you become for how long before it is impossible to go back. This part is somewhat bogus however: Many “owners” of spectrum either hardly use the stuff or use it in highly inefficient ways. At any given moment, more than 90 percent of the nation’s airwaves are empty. The solution is to relax the overregulation of the airwaves and allow use of the wasted spaces. Anyone, so long as he or she complies with a few basic rules to avoid interference, could try to build a better Wi-Fi and become a broadband billionaire. That's like saying that 90% of the sky is empty so air traffic control is not doing its job well enough. Just give everyone a pilot's license and tell them to watch out for other planes... The empty spaces are important . I kind of hope the father of an epileptic shoots one of these griefers with a deer rifle in order to "make them aware that they should be wearing ballistic vests". It was to illustrate the point that the argument is deeply flawed. Exploiting a weakness in a violent or destructive manner simply to draw attention to it is never acceptable. If you did believe it to be so, then you would have to carry it out to its logical conclusion and walk around with body armor on. Perhaps I should have chosen something besides firearms as an example, as they tend to cause a fairly visceral reaction. It wasn't meant to be a "First kill all of the lawyers" post, it was meant to be a "if you believe that nonsense, then you actually do believe in "kill all of the lawyers" justice" post. Sshhh don't say it out loud! They could be listening right now . :) Thanks, dude. For my part, in the future, I will use "bonk them over the head with a large wooden mallet to make them aware that they should be wearing helmets." This will both avoid the use of the firearm image (and its strong, overused, negative connotations), and more directly imply that its a humorous post. Sorry to stir the pot folks, but I am a bit tired of the "I was trying to help them by showing them their weakness" line of BS use to justify violence, destruction, and other blatantly antisocial behavior. I feel quite strongly that they wouldn't be such good sports if someone else were to point out some of their weaknesses in like manner. Roombas are slow, fragile, and don't actually vacuum very well. They are costly to buy, maintain and replace. Minimum wage labor is cheap, easy to find and easy to replace. Its usually fast and does a pretty good job of vacuuming. Add to that that roombas need a lot of "support" to run. (Empty, charge, clean out when jammed with crud, send back when broken) and its WAY easier to point to an old hoover and make vacuuming motions and them point to the rooms than to explain to someone how to use a roomba. (Especially around a potential language barrier.) The robots are coming, but not until they are tele-operated under contract (like ADT does for security) and the hotel staff doesn't even have to think about them. They just pay their "vacuum bill" and it happens. bet: they pay no patent royalties to Segway. Hardware is actually vastly more difficult to patent than software. As its explained to me, you can't just patent "a two wheeled balancing scooter" the same way you seem to have been able to patent "buying stuff, but on the interwebs !" You have to patent novel gear systems, a unique balancing system. (Balance is actually a very simple 3 term formula that can be made without even a computer using just a few $0.14 op amps. I'm sure Segway has added considerable flair to this well known concept.) With mechanical systems, there are literally hundreds of years of prior art. Toyota couldn't make a scooter that looks just like a segway, but they'll have no problems with a two wheeled balancing scooter. (Provided a teardown doesn't reveal a "borrowed" circuit board or gear train.) I'm not generally a big fan of the patent system as it operates today but I think its still quite functional in the mechanical device area. Segway spent a lot of time setting up a good gear/motor/balance system. They should be protected from somebody just pulling it apart and making castings of the internals to produce a cheap knockoff. They should not be able to prevent some one else from doing their own engineering to produce a competing scooter. I think that software patents have failed us because code is still magic to the USPO. One computer that, for example, calculates large prime numbers looks exactly like another that does the same. The patent system considers the one a copy of the other, It cannot understand that there are radically different ways to calculate large primes. In short they actually don't understand software at all and try to treat computers like gear filled machines. There's no such thing as rocket science. Rocket science is a dozen or more sciences all jumbled up together, each of which has to be executed perfectly just to get into orbit. Then the hard part begins. Much respect to NASA and the mars lander programs. I plan to tell my children, once they are old enough, not to get tattoos. The reason being is that you will force your 35 year old self to live branded with what your 16 year old self thought was cool. On second thought, tattoos can be erased by laser, Myspace might be much more permanent... Actual questions asked a a building site my dad was at in Israel. 1) Is a regenerative break in an elevator doing work, even if the power is not fed back into the grid? Accepted answer: No, as long as its not fed back, but wasted as heat instead in a large resistor. Solution : A special system was constructed to divert the regenerative power into a large nickel-chromium element and not fed back into the grid for just that day. This heat was vented outside so that it wouldn't accidentally do work by heating the building in winter. 2) Does energy created in the power plant (from burning coal) count if its stored in a battery and then removed during Shabbat? Answer: No, as long as the fire part happened some other day. Solution: Large batteries were installed with inverters to feed critical systems during this day and were only charged during the week. Of course, as mentioned, non Jews were hired to press buttons, open doors, and perform other actions during this time as well. The moral of the story is that it cost a lot more, and takes a lot longer to build a building like this! I believe in God, and I don't want to disparage any man's religion but I think personally that God is not overly impressed by storing the energy in a battery so we can use it guilt free on the holy day... Interesting. Complicated issue indeed. I'd have guessed exactly the opposite about the lights. The light being on incrementally and continuously requires more fuel for the fire. The longer its on, the "bigger" the fire. Does this mean that by inaction, its ok cause work to be done, even if by reasonable action, one could have prevented it? Could the elevators simply move by themselves, stopping at every floor. Would it be permitted to ride them since they were simply "left on" and you wouldn't have to press any buttons, and they would have made the trip anyway? Don't fear the haters, kid. Just do your thing. Most of the people criticizing you are just trying to make themselves feel better about that next game of Mario Cart they're about to play instead of actually, you know, doing anything. It also decimates the "rich get richer", "us vs them" lines of BS politicians maniacally shovel our way in order to extract our votes. Good news folks. Its possible to get rich through hard work and a little cleverness. That's also the bad news. There used to be a time in my life when I'd read stuff like this and think "Only in America!". This time, before I even learned where this happened, I instinctively thought, "Well, it certainly wasn't in America". I don't know much about the NHS or whats going to happen to this brave soul but over here, I don't think he'd be practicing medicine for much longer. Oh how the mighty have fallen. Agreed: There is no profanity. I'd take this as evidence that Jobs had nothing at all to do with its writing! There should be a name for pseudo-press-releases that are disguised as "internal memos". It was a bad deal, the cop basically picked a guy out and assaulted him, then filed a completely false report accusing him of starting it. http://www.thesmokinggun.com/archive/years/2008/0729081bike1... Its good that no one was seriously hurt and that this fool's true color showed early before he could do any real damage. They can't all be heroes, I guess. That's what makes the ones that are special. This joker was probably hiding in the broom closet on 9-11. We should call it what it is. When a company forces you to work more than the hours indicated in your job description when you signed on without additional compensation this is called stealing . From now on, in place of "long hours" or "overtime" we should simply state... "Yeah my company had a big project due so they stole about 20 hours each from us last month", or "Our employer steals from us all the time, they call it 'being a team player' or something...". In fact, mention theft at every opportunity when discussing required extra hours. It works for the RIAA and music, it should work for the cube dweller too. If they want to pay you, payment is within 30 days after the invoice is sent, not "when we have cash". That's a joke, not a contract. This is more true than I can tell you. Even when it comes from "friends". Once you agree to these 'terms', you will go right to the very bottom of the list. There will always be something more pressing to spend money on than to pay you for something that is already done. They'll also find a way to make you feel bad for asking even if you do it while they're unpacking their new Aeron chairs and 24" monitors. I have traveled this road, friend. Here be sorrows. My workstation. My wife calls it "the bridge". http://www.jonandkarrie.com/images/P8087198.JPG N=1 states that "value is based on unique, personalized experiences of consumers." That is, even companies serving 100 million consumers need to focus on individuals. R=G, meanwhile, argues that since no company can hope to satisfy the varied... Ok I let it slide when they usurped "Whatever 2.0! " for their marketing fracas, but math-a-tizing it? Its just a step too far. I made it from a sheet of 4x8 melamine and some cleverness with a jigsaw and router. The screen deal actually moves up and down. Its set for more or less horizontal view. It looks a little strange because when I originally made it, it held 3 huge 21" CRT monitors. My kingdom for the TAB key! Seriously, when you're using one of these little guys, be it Apple, Nokia, whatever, autocomplete is your friend! The tab key is always missing, or 3 clicks or taps away. I'd almost (but not quite) prefer it there was no visible point count and votes just factored into the sorting of comments on the server. I actually thing that this is a fantastic idea because it would reduce the amount of "bandwagon voting" that sometimes seems to go on. When you see a comment with 40+ points, there's this strange compulsion to just chip in another. I guess its "back the winner syndrome" or something. Long battery life, light weight, and most important: fast wakeup and sleep when I close the lid! This is the most important feature to me. I want to open it up, quick jot something down or check something and then close it again. If it locks up or churns for 10 minutes before I can use it, its a non starter. This has so far kept me on Macs. Excellent point. Lucky for me, I haven't ended up with a flaky mac yet so its not on my radar, but I'd certainly have to say that ultra reliable networking, keyboard, pointer and USB would be a must. It doesn't matter how fast your computer wakes up from sleep if it takes 10 minutes of fiddling to get it back on the network. The little arrows to me mean Up: Thanks for adding that. I appreciated it. Down: I wish this weren't here. It doesn't add anything at all and just clutters the discussion. If none of those two options presents, I don't touch it. I really like the touch that as things are modded down, they fade (and sometimes really do vanish!) They eyes still need lots of work. That's going to be the final frontier of the "uncanny valley". The eyes move, change focus and refract light differently hundreds of times per minute. It will make rendering realistic water look like an Amiga rendering a bouncing ball in 1989. You might actually get downmodded here for not explaining why you think the Zune is crap. Lots of people here agree, but just saying "Its crap" might cause some with long memories to recall the "Scottish Store" skit on SNL but won't add anything to the discussion. I personally found that although the Zune had some compelling features that might have caused me to overlook its clunky form factor, each of those features had some artificial restriction placed on them that made them not useful in real life. For the record, I do not own an Apple player either. My "mp3 player" is a whole box of tiny vaguely shuffle-like 1Gb mini players I got as a lot on ebay. They worked out to be $7 each and I got 20 of them. I gave some to my friends with "mix tapes" on them and filled a bunch of the others with various collections. I never worry about losing them and just grab the one with the tunes I'm in the mood for on my way out. They came in multiple colors so I didn't even bother labeling them. I did spring for a nice pair of headphones. The players actually sound much better than you might expect. This implies that its a zero sum situation. The goodwill generated might actually ( probably ) lead to an increase in sales overall despite the small discounts per sale. Big business seems positively blinded to this potential emergent behavior. Sometimes I find it extremely comical how giant companies with the resources to hire a legion of economists will defy common sense in pursuit of a nickel at the cost of a dollar, all the while dragging their reputation through the mud. Quick, someone cook up a ruby script to generate a million or so bogus logins to swamp any real logins they might have gotten so far. Pass it around. Thats really cool. I had never read that. In doing so, its easy to see now why Orwell created short powerful books. He really was concentrating on his craft and using a systematic approach to his writing. Thanks for sharing. FTA As dancers and acrobats whisked across the National Stadium in Beijing, anonymous users uploaded more than 100 video clips of the ceremony to YouTube, but the site, owned by Google, swiftly removed as many as it could. Similarly, some live video streams on Justin.tv, a popular source for international video, were also removed. According to International Olympic Committee guidelines, the television networks with the local rights to the Games are the only legal sources of video in each country. I think its time we grew out of the idea that companies can buy the Olympics. Its supposed to be for everyone. All that BS about unity rings pretty hollow when its for sale for $900 mil. Few people realize how close a patent troll came to preventing us from having cars. http://inventors.about.com/library/weekly/aacarsseldona.htm I don't think either of us are advocating outright DOS attacks against the spammer/phisher. I'm also unsure as to why these were modded down. Even if everyone on the list simply manually provided one fake set of credentials, the noise added to the phisher's database might be sufficient to make the endevour useless. Right now I'm guessing that most of the hits he gets are legit from fooled users. If we were somehow able to break the model by making 99.9% of all of the info gathered worthless, they might stop altogether. In any case it would provide some cover for the people who were fooled and supplied legit creds to have a million or so bogus ones surrounding them. I use those "laptops that are too big to be laptops" as desktop machines. I just hook up a keyboard and monitor and leave them closed as if they were a tower. The advantages: Quieter (much), built in UPS (battery), more power efficient, portable when they need to be, less desk/floor space wasted. The only disadvantage is the lack of PCI slots if you're into that sort of thing. I find USB takes care of just about everything I need to plug in. Haven't used a "desktop" in years. Patent Pending does not equal patent issued. That said, the patent system is so far gone when it comes to software that you can patent anything . Everyone has. If you write "Hello World", you are infringing. A web form with a button? infringing. The power switch on the computer... ok, you get the idea. Just do your thing. In software there's no such thing as infringing because the answer to "can I make a computer do X?" is always yes if you work hard enough at it. All of the paths to X will be different. If you are successful enough for someone to actually sue you for infringement, take this as a compliment. You will also likely have the resources to mount a defense as well. Worrying about all of that now is just premature optimization. If you succeed, you will be sued. That's just the business climate of today's market. Cross that bridge when you come to it. FTA: I have a drawer containing 200 MiniDV tapes, documenting the lives of our three kids. I’d need NINE 300-gig hard drives to store all that. And what are you going to do when the drive dies? I've got a stack of Betamax home-movie tapes that just barely made it into the digital realm before degrading past the point of playability that argues against having an archive of magnetic plastic ribbon stored in a single place as a means of preserving family memories. We could start with the tiniest bit of grace about the thing. JustinTV is not a threat to televised olympic coverage. Whats going on here is just plain bullying. The games are for everyone, form every nation. That means some people might want to watch it on ARD, auf Deutsch, but live in California. Some people will catch some interesting stuff on their cellphones and want to share. Its about the world now, and its not 1960. I'm not saying we shouldn't have advertising sponsors, I'm just saying we should grow up a little about it. Not just adhearsion. It seems like Ruby is becoming the defacto sheepdog for shepherding the unwieldy Asterisk. I think its great news speaking as one who has lost one too many dialplans thanks to asterisks wonderful handling of "minor" upgrades. RIM had to be huge before NTP bothered to shake them down form money. All of those examples above share the characteristics that they were huge successful companies when they were shaken down. The results were also fairly random. I think it fits the model that once you are large and successful, the trolls will come out of the wood-work. The compliment is that you are big and successful enough to be worth a shakedown. Once you are the $250k to actually defend (its really more like $1 mil/year for up to 7 years) is chump-change to you at that point. The big problem is the more or less random outcomes of such trials. Until you are making big money, you are not worth the time because a victory would be costly to the victor and you'd have nothing to actually turn over. If they won debt, you'd just close up shop, as there'd be no point in working to pay a troll. When I say that "there's no such thing as infringement" I'm not talking in the made-up world of legal types. They could rule you infringing for tying your shoe if they had the right lawyers, I'm speaking from the realistic standpoint that no two software systems are ever really alike unless you outright steal a copy of the source. I've used the example before that 2 computers that factor large prime numbers look form the outside like a pair of beige boxes that do exactly the same thing, but inside they are likely worlds different. This confuses the lawyers, patent officers and uneducated outsiders and leads to the problems that the patent system now faces when it comes to software. When you patent a machine, you have to show its inner workings and they have to be novel. When you patent software, you can pretend that the general purpose computer is the inner workings, and not the actual software. This lets you cheat and patent a concept directly, without proof that the inner workings are novel or even possible. Yes, this is an old parody, but it has traveled far beyond its original intended audience. As little as 12 months ago I was handed this, in printed form by the well meaning manager at a company I was consulting for when I suggested using linux on a server to serve their small web site. He took me aside and in a fatherly way intoned "There's something you should know about this Linux ". Where does one even begin? FTA: The problem apparently exists within the software licensing code, rather than the functional part of ESX software.The license code falsely identifies many implementations as being out of license, prevents new virtual machines from launching, or existing VMs from migrating to new hosts. Another case of anti-piracy junk causing real damage to real, legitimate users. Its gotta be tough when your purchased software accuses you of being a thief and hoses your entire infrastructure to the point of locking your instances away form you so you can't even move them. I'd bet that doing away with licensing algorithms altogether and just accepting the piracy that might happen would have been much better outcome than this for all invloved. It seems that democracy inevitably creeps towards totalitarianism, while totalitarianism creeps toward democracy. One wonders if theres not some optimized blend in the middle somewhere that we have yet to achieve, that could yield better results than either of the pure forms of the two alone. Perhaps a lifelong problem like heart disease, diabetes, or stroke? Seriously. How far do we take it? I knew a kid once who broke his little finger playing "Speed Uno". Is that too dangerous? Maybe the kids should all walk while playing soccer. There is a point somewhere, before the absurdity of tort law forces us all into padded rooms, where it doesn't matter anyway. Our bodies are safe but we've all ceased to live. That's just crazy cool. It doesn't look like its going to be long before we should doubt the authenticity of video as much as we do photographs now. File this one under "Ministry of Truth"! One of her lawyers is named "Ben Justus "? I'd have smirked incredulously at that if it had been in a movie. I hate when I've commented on something, am being modded up because of my ostensibly good commend, and then the story goes dead.... Oh, I've posted my share of stinkers. I just meant that just when I think I might have contributed something, the whole thread dies. I don't generally play it for the karma, but its nice to know that someone appreciates what you've said every once in a while. Umm once and for all ? Computer specs and prices change every week... FTA Money can be made elsewhere, without nearly as much bullshit: Wall Street, the court room and the operating room, to name a few. He just named the places where bullshit lives . I'm speechless. And I liked Starcraft dammit! How I became a script-kiddie in the Georgia-Russia flame war - That's more like it. The whole thing would have been funny if it weren't for the actual tanks and stuff. "We want clean energy as much as anyone," says Leviker, who rejected a $1,500 payment from the wind company for the disruption of her view. "But we also want quality of life." But really I'd like someone else's kids to die in a coal mine somewhere far from here so that I can watch "The Price is Right" without, you know, having to actually look at what it takes to make the power I use. NIMBY is the biggest fundamental hurdle to renewable energy that we face. The technical constraints pale utterly by comparison. Make any money? Do something useful that people want? There's a line out the door of people who do neither who'd like to get money without creating wealth by suing you. Its become one of the biggest, saddest, "nothing to see here's" of the modern age of business. The surprise factor of these types of things is long gone. I haven't even been able to be outraged since SCO... Now its just "meh". The lawsuit is just another form of normal business friction, like taxes and OSHA. I got Vista with a laptop and I couldn't use it either, but what I've noticed is that most normal users get Vista with new PC's and they are so used to spyware/malware/adware making their computer work like crap that they never even notice how much slower vista is. They just expect their computer to take 4 minutes to start IE and thrash the HDD the entire time its on. They don't switch back to XP. It never even occurs to them. Most of them have a fairly dim idea about even the difference between Vista and XP. Its just another computer that doesn't work very well. Like all of the other computers they've had. The genetic algorithm. It programs itself ?! Holy Shit! FTA So Griffin's job is to help Warner monetize digital music, and he's convinced that the issue of payment for music is nothing less than "our generation's nuclear power." If our society can monetize music in a balanced, consumer-friendly way, the results will be awesome. If we can't... well, remember Chernobyl? Umm... Chernobyl ? Like where lots of innocent people died and an entire portion of the planet was rendered permanently unlivable? This is the in the same category as a 13 year old girl downloading "The Jonas Brothers" on Kazzaa? Yes, the current model of moneterizing content/art/whatevertheycallittoday is broken. We should work on fixing it. It is important to do so. But this sort of ridiculous hyperbole does not help their case. It borders on being obscene. I actually think it may be worse than all of that. In war and politics, compromise is the weapon of choice of the craziest party. Tell lawmakers that filesharing is Armageddon, that beeeelions of dollars are lost each year to the pirates and that the entire economy will collapse if not fixed right away. The draconian measures that are seen as the "compromise" (which would, if presented outright seem ludicrous) now seem tame and acceptable. "Lifetime of the artist plus 70 years" sounds so much more acceptable than "lets just do away with this public domain thing." this is a minor screwup. As a pilot I can tell you that in many real cases, your very life depends on the proper functioning of these instruments. That's why we check them fanatically! If I wanted to crash a plane and kill those aboard, I wouldn't waste my time with bombs. I'd wait for a cloudy day and subtly damage the instruments on as many planes as I could. There are heroes among us and they don't wear TSA badges. They check instruments and mechanical systems. Every day, for every flight, whether they feel like it or not, whether "its been working fine all day" or not. Air safety is a friggin miracle of eternal vigil. This fool is an "accidental terrorist" and should never be allowed near a plane again. This is the biggest influx of spam I've ever seen here. I'm kind of glad surgeons don't subscribe to this philosophy... One thing I found out about zoning "laws" is that they are basically made up (as in pretend). Just about any senior official at City Hall can scribble a variance for a property and that's the end of it. It often doesn't even require a vote. Its who you know that counts. Little Katie and Sabrina just need to wait for the next town council election to roll around and give a lil'-sumin'-sumin' to the right candidate. That's how we do it in these parts. (And it sucks IMHO) Sweet. Finally real 3d. Was getting tired of all of the "3d" displays that turned out to be lcd projectors on half mirrors. One word of advice. Don't stick your hand in it to see if its a hologram! :) I don't want to sound like a neophyte here but I'm afraid of beams that carry that much power. I have no problem at all letting the milliwatt beam of my cell phone go through my head but lets just say I don't my bedside alarm clock powered by this just yet. Coupled resonance seems safe to stuff that doesn't resonate in between but when I hear beam and watts I still freak. I'm not saying that its "new" new. I'm just glad to hear about a 3d technology that's not just a bunch of hype that turns out to be the "Pepper's Ghost" illusion again . I'd say the math and her grasp of how to use it to solve a problem like this was far more impressive (especially for a then sophomore in HS) than any actual folding that may have occurred. Of course. All that is trivial compared to the leap of logic required in a High School mind: I could use math to figure this out! The rules are the first derivative of the intent. This haunts all religions. You will always get a special group of people who follow the rules without considering the intent, usually with the goal of feeling superior to everyone else. Its called "legalism", and it leads to all kinds of nonsense. I always think of it like this when I get truck hate... You have your prius, me, my ford. The task at hand is to move 2500 pounds of cinder blocks 10 miles down the road to a building site. Which is now more fuel efficient? F150 or Prius? It all comes down the right vehicle for the job. Thats why its great to have a choice. Excellent advice. The law is not logical and the outcomes are not reasonable. This is a hard thing for the engineering mind to come to terms with given how much these seemingly random outcomes can affect peoples' lives. The law is a system that's nearly completely hacked at this point. Think of it as a RedHat linux 5.0 system with wuftp enabled that's been running on the net since '97. Do you really think that ls is still ls ? When you execute a program twice in a row, the same results are expected each time. When you execute a legal document twice, the same results both times would be fall-out-of-your-chair unexpected. Even simple, clear-cut legal documents like wills are at best, probability functions. The selective enforcement angle is very important however. I don't think the article gives it nearly enough coverage. I think we all know the Ayn Rand quote so I won't subject the thread to it yet again but the idea is important. A deep well of unenforced "submarine laws" is a valuable resource for anyone in power who needs to get control over an individual or group of dissidents. I had friends who worked in a local theater and we hung out there quite a bit. The manager was locally famous for instructing employees to turn a blind eye to "lurkers" because "If you stay in a movie theater that long, you're gonna be hungry and thirsty eventually". Turns out that the rental on the reels was so high that the ticket sales themselves were basically a break even proposition. $7 popcorn and $4 sodas are a completely different story. I don't like having a cap but if there is going to be a cap, I'm happy that they're finally telling us what it is. In the old days, they'd just cancel your account. When you called to ask why, they'd tell you that you used to much bandwidth . They would not tell you how much was too much. FIOS has single digit latency to many large sites, even halfway across the country. If you've never used it, its hard to describe how much snappier everything feels. Waiting 60ms each for a dozen or so dns lookups may not feel slow if you're used to dsl, but FIOS is just a whole different animal. Even the neophytes in my family get it instantly when they use it. The difference being that Subservient Chicken was prerecorded footage activated by keyword. In this case, you are actually teleoperating a small robot. Its real , as opposed to Burger King's chicken, which is, you know, a chicken simulation . :) I thinks its cool. Kudos. I haven't seen it said yet so: If you're worried, get just one eye done . If you were a bad candidate and you are one of the extremely few unlucky that takes poorly to lasik, hey, you've got a spare! If it all works out with the first eye, you'll know you're a pretty good shot for the second. I never could quite understand why people get them both done at once. Is it just to save $? Seems to me a very simple way of mitigating risk. Last time this came up I posted this: Lets do it with stuff we can get and see what happens: Main Board: (truly open, schematics and all) : http://beagleboard.org/ ($149) Screen : Lilliput 8" 1024x768 touch screen ( http://www.case-mod.com/lilliput-809gl80npct-lcd-touch-scree... .) ($259) Network : 802.11g wifi ( http://www.usbgear.com/USB-Wi-Fi.html ) ($30) Battery: 7.4v LiIon 5200mAh (4 hours run) http://www.all-battery.com/index.asp?PageAction=VIEWPROD&... . ($50) Case: Injection Mold plastic ( http://www.emachineshop.com/molding_machines/injection_moldi... .) ($10) Cost to build a single one, ignoring volume discounts and cost to assemble: $498. I still think the price is going to end up being around this. You could actually go and make this today. It would be cool if someone were to just throw up an instructable and a compact flash image of the OS for the beagle, then we could all go make our own. Someone could design a nice plastic case and have a bunch made (or just have emachineshop hang on to the molds) so they'd be cheap for all. Ah, it was from the cutting and the pasting of the actual post. Here's the link to the post. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=252996 The site that sells the touch screen says "down for maintenance" right now though... I also liked the idea of using an eeePC and using a $60 touch overlay that one can get easily on ebay. Google "touch screen eeepc". Many people have made some very nice looking modifications in this regard. IMO you should never install anything you haven't before onto an important system. Install it in vmware, check it out. Mount the drive elsewhere and diff the filesystem and check for problems. You're way more likely to find a simple mistake that could cause your setup problems than a malicious attempt. You get that part for free. As one far wiser than I once must have said, Nobody with a decent map needs rainbows. Once must have said? Sounds to me like he just made it up, included it because he thought it sounded cool, and then tried to give it a little legitimacy by couching it in that "wise old saying" meme. Ostensibly, one concludes that you don't need the rainbow because the map shows you where the gold is... that's actually kind of dumb when you think about it. Opposite of most wise old sayings. I think that the lesson here is that the world, in fact, is out to get you. Act accordingly. Hopefully his hard lesson can keep others from going down similar paths. Google should spend ts considerable resources coming up with a "compiler" for legal docs. You just type in s few one line sentences describing the rights you'd like to have and the compiler checks for consistency errors and then generates a legal document (probably 100 pages long) filled with all of the right "magic words". Why bother coding something complicated, when you can copy paste some open source code and make millions Why climb a mountain when you could ride to the top in a helicopter? Because it makes us better. Open source is actually the proof that innovation lives completely outside the bounds of corporate influence. It may very well be human nature. Hulu doesn't work full-screen on any of my 3 high-spec factory installed Vista PC's. VLC does. (Its about the only thing that does). Fox should just release the commercial containing episodes of the show straight onto bittorrent. If the quality is good and they are well seeded, most people will download the official versions. Umm, html, apache, perl, hell, even arc. All open source, massively innovative, and allowing this conversation to happen. :) Innovation can have roots in corporations as well as outside, but many corporations do as much to stifle innovation as to further it. Also, in the case of things like Linux and MySQL, don't confuse "clone" with "another path to the same goal" which can be highly innovative and often clears a roadblock to innovation forced by a monopoly. So does this mean that the concept of a patent fails completely? You are allowed to make use of any patented technology for personal, non-commercial purposes. This machine, once fully mature, can conceivably make nearly anything. Will there be a napster for car parts? I just love disruptive technology. Not to be a downer but you really do get what you pay for. For $500 to work with someone over a few weeks you're only going to get the kind of person you don't want. You would be far better off, especially in this venue to explain your cause (it is non-prof, after all) and see if there are some people around here that might be interested in helping you come up with a good design. I've been in and out of an Apple store in 10 minutes. Just go in knowing what you want. Tell the salesmen/woman clearly, right up front. If you don't want applecare, list it like a feature. 2 gig ram, dvd-burner, no applecare. Are you sure? Yes. You don't even have to go wait in line at a cash register. The sales guy just checks you out. At circuit city, I got two spiels about extended warranties. One from the sales floor guy. One from the cashier. It also took 25 minutes to "find" the computer I wanted in the back. And this was for a preconfigured toshiba from the display. My workstation. My wife calls it "the bridge". Posted once before in the "screen shots" thread. Seems appropriate here as well. http://www.jonandkarrie.com/images/P8087198.JPG It seems like every great artist has around 5 good songs per career. At the extreme outside edges, you might get a "U2" who could have as many as 15 or 20, or a "Laura Branigan" who will have only 1. The rest of their work is essentially filler. I like where this is headed. Its long past time to hear a lot fewer songs from a lot more artists. Ha! Touche! FTR: I typed in "One Hit Wonder" into google to get "Laura Branigan". And the Beatles, yeah, complete outlier. Probably shouldn't be categorized in the same universe as todays commercial music acts. A Beatles album is something you can put in and listen to in its entirety and its a work in and of itself. Theres a few others like that (Pink Floyd maybe?) but they are so extremely rare and, (I assume so very difficult to produce) that they should have their own category. The point of it all was that I'm looking forward to a shift in the market that allows me to here more peoples' best shots and less big-label bands' mediocre filler. The article didn't say. Was there ever even a prototype or was this just a 60,000 pound worldwide-wide empire of patents based on that little sketch? Wouldn't they have all expired anyway by the time the Ipod hit the market? (even with extensions) I drew magical music players that could hold all my tunes when I was 12 too. I even tried to make one with the innards of a vhs tape, reel to reel heads and an MC6800 microcontroller. Locating a specific spot on a big ribbon of tape is damn hard with only 128 bytes of ram... His invention, called the IXI, stored only 3.5 minutes of music on to a chip – but Mr Kramer rightly believed its capacity would improve. His sketches at the time showed a credit-card-sized player with a rectangular screen and a central menu button to scroll through a selection of music tracks – very similar to the iPod. This seems to me that if there had been a prototype, it would have stored only 3.5 minutes on the chips available at the time, but there wasn't. Only sketches. The thing he has in the picture there is most certainly not a 1979 prototype. FTA: "I'd love to go through the details, but I'm not going to," Woodward replied. The details, Woodward says, would compromise the program. This clearly indicates that it is not like the airplane and tank. The difference is that with the airplane and tank, even when you know the enemy has them, you're still hosed. If knowing about this "secret" is all it takes to stop it from working, then its not very revolutionary at all. I use a US "golden dollar" coin. You can see it in the picture there, on the notepad, next to the HP-48g. RPN is very soothing. :) I used to use a German "5 mark" coin, but lost it in a move a few years back. Not to worry. The general consensus is that the courts will not hold google responsible for piracy... I think it works pretty well. They show up in "new" from time to time, I try to flag them when I see them and they disappear, never making it near the front page. An hour or 2 seems an ok time for deletion right now because very few of those article are showing up each day. If the volume expands greatly, I'm sure they can work out a way that X number of flags will auto-delete. FTA: Map based upon 120,464 respondents. (Which they spelled 'Respondants') This isn't enough to draw a meaningful map of just Alaska. There are likely whole counties colored base on a single response. Oh very nice! Here I am with my recursive trees looking like a fool. You win a big hunk of cheese. If you liked this and you want to go old school for a bit, check out these virtual sliderules. Do a few calculations. Its very addicting. http://www.antiquark.com/sliderule/sim/ Nice. It won't be long before the chatbot will be the most electable candidate! (All soundbites, zero thought. Perfect politician) Awesome! I'd never seen that one. I'll add it to my collection along with wa-wa-wa-win-dows 386. These things just get funnier with time. Whenever you feel your opinion on software productivity, DRM, Mac vs PC vs Linux… or pretty much anything regularly discussed on the Internet has any chance of being meaningfully debated in the wider world, it helps to point at your computer and say to yourself: “the rest of the world calls that the hard drive” Best thing I've read all week. The first run that were just novelty items were not meant to be used. The second run where he went to the drugstore and bought new ones to put in the cases were the ones that were to be used. This was after retailers told him what was really desired was a condom key-chain case. Strong Disagree Making marks and symbols with our hands that other people can read is something uniquely human. Should we not speak because we can text as well? To write, to read, and to speak are the foundations of human evolution. Technology augments these natural gifts, not replaces them. Agreed. Any man who can listen to Jobs prattle on about imacs and then tell him that his invention sucks, but simply take it in stride as one guy's opinion... Much respect to Dean. Wow. The respect wasn't about who was right. Jobs is right a lot . That's why I think its cool that Dean pushed on and believed in his invention anyway. The world might just not be "hot, flat and crowded" enough for Segway yet. I wonder what I might do if I had an invention and Steve Jobs told me it sucked, or if I got Bill Gates' trademark "thats the stupidest f*cking idea I've heard since I've been at Mircosoft." Considering their advice, shrugging my shoulders and then pressing on anyway might not be high on the list. I never did like that particular management strategy. If you use the word 'impossible' to motivate your employees to accomplish what is merely difficult to the point of improbable, what will you say when something comes along that really is impossible? I think the idea might be that if there are more Segways, there could be less cars. We're talking about a level of crowded here that's a little less like Its SO crowded in this city that I can hardly find a place to park and a little more like a CAR?! Those things haven't been allowed inside the city limits for years! FTA : Darwin was, in many ways, a model of good scientific method. He observed the world around him, developed a theory which sought to explain what he saw, and then set about a long and painstaking process of gathering evidence that would either bear out, contradict, or modify his theory. As a result, our understanding of the world is expanded, but the scientific process continues. In science, hypotheses are meant to be constantly tested. Shoulda read two more lines... I like this article. If all religious people were this reasonable, we'd have very few problems related to religion in this world. Yeah. That's what I kept thinking the entire time I was reading this. Overloading competent with this extra meaning was mildly uncomfortable. Rigid, process oriented, (and only sometimes reliable because of those things) would have been better. Blindly trusting process is like fake competence, a plastic, cartoon version of the real thing. Real competence is the ability to deal gracefully with exactly the kind of change the article talks about. I just hope a bunch of trolls don't show up and then use what they get to keep people from building anything for the next 14 years. 1) Computers can encrypt data. Good encryption is easy to use and prohibitively hard to break. 2) Voice is really just data. These two concepts are still very vague in the minds of politicians and the like but they are coming closer to finally colliding. Dim little bulbs are soon going to come on over certain heads and we may have us a short trip to Vernor Vinge's SHE. I wonder how the people who went so far in recent days to tap phones (both legally and otherwise) will react when they finally realize that the age of the "phone tap" is coming to an end, Politicians need people to be sick, uneducated, and poor. This way they can promise to fix those three things forever, never really intending to actually deliver, but always having a "platform". Politicians simply have nothing to offer people who are wealthy, educated, and in good health. Perfect. Another "visionary" who makes paper that prevents people from making things. Just when I think its as broken as it can get... It seems like fascism is the default emergent state of people living together in large numbers. Democracy and liberty can be added to the system via careful thought and dedicated action on that insight. We seem to be in short supply of both. It's surprising how many people (in the comments) are outraged over what is basically a way for someone who is not a big company to outsource the inevitable legal wrangling of commercializing their invention. What most people miss about rackets like this is that even after you pay off vultures like these they almost never offer you indemnity . That means some one else can sue you for exactly the same technology with a similar vague patent claim. In fact, they probably will, since you seem willing to pay. I don't know if thats true. For Microsoft, a company that's so big and should have so much to say about their new product, a reactionary approach to a smaller competitor seems somehow wrong. That's just it. They'd prefer to send a strong "don't be different" message. They think if they can coerce everyone into absolute conformity, it will lower the cost of searching out tur-ists. What really happens is they create a set of protocols that are simple to learn that will allow real terrorists to hide in plain sight. A two page business plan?! My god! How can you fail?! Here I am with my one page plan like a sucker... Why oh why didn't I think of that? Yes. In this case its terrorism, not extortion. I did a double take on this as well. I guess I'm just so used to the extortion angle that the terrorism caught me off guard. Any patent that has a little squiggly blob labeled "internet" in the picture should be automatically denied. Sounds like sour grapes to me. I remember the arc vs pkarc vs pkzip deal. [1] PKArc was arc with its compression routines rewritten in assembly . In most cases it was 5x faster. In many cases it was 10x. 10-upping a program's performance with your mad "mov ax" skills is a little bit more than "...professional reputation is based entirely on a lie." Back in the day, this was genius incarnate. Phil made no effort to hide that it was arc redone better. He called it PKArc. May as well have simply said "Phil Katz does Arc." When he got into legal trouble (he was a far better engineer than business man, after all). He just said, "hell, these things aren't hard, I'll just make my own." and we got pkzip, which was an even further improvement. He had skills, he had attitude, he had zero business sense. He lived hard and died young. He could have done better. He was not "a man whose professional reputation is based entirely on a lie." IMHO, the author of arc should have spent a little more time with his assembler, a little less time with his lawyer, and a lot less time whining about the whole deal. [1] Yeah, I know, some wide eyed youngsters are now going "you remember the zip wars!?" A 12" x 12" x 1.5" block of aluminum costs more than $200. Not a very efficient method of making a computer case. I think maybe the article might be missing a few details! Did you get paid for the work you did? If no, then probably you still own the code. This is really good advice here. So many people miss this one. I wish it had more upmods. When people try to screw you like this they usually rely on keeping everything as vague as possible, hoping to get as much out of you as they can and then stiff you in the end. This vagueness cuts both ways. If there was no written agreement and no pay, what you've got is a few guys working in a room on their own stuff with a verbal agreement to trade that stuff later for more undisclosed stuff (like stock, or shares, or whatever). YOU OWN YOUR PART and you can walk with it. Of course, check with a lawyer to determine your legal exposure before doing so and have a plan of action for dealing with some very angry guys who have just realized the upper hand they thought they had has been reversed. All I can add to this is to be sure to tell your lawyer everything you can think of. Sometimes things that seem irrelevant to you have magical legal significance. That looks like the current scrap price. Its at about $.80 at this very moment, down from a high of $1.10 earlier this year. Pure alloys (not mixed and cast by melting scrap), even common ones like 6061 still seem to be $5-$10/pound even in large quantities. If you know of a way to get 61 or 52 for less than that we would greatly appreciate the tip. I also feel it a bit disappointing that there were so many "replacements" on this list. How about something completely original? How about we start racing the commercial sector to a worthwhile goal like computer vision, or decent speech recognition. Anything more inspiring than a "Skype replacement" will do fine. We just need a few more things where the open source version is the dominate player, instead of a clunky, half working "free replacement" for commercial software that wasn't very good to begin with. Loved this: FTA: In the 1970s the average size home was 1,400 square feet, today the average is over 2,300 square feet. Are we that much bigger? Sadly, yes . http://www.cdc.gov/nccdphp/dnpa/obesity/trend/maps/index.htm Think of the value (real wealth) in the system (the farmers farming, etc) like ships. The financial system (the money, the credit, etc) like water. We need both. If all of the water freezes, the ships are still technically there. The wealth still exists, but there's shit-all the boats can do but wait for the spring thaw if they're frozen in the ice. FTA: We will not be bullied, and people who file frivolous lawsuits need to be put down. I would rather run TechCrunch into the ground and go out of business than let this guy win. I'm not usually much of a Michael Arrington fan but much respect for this stand. This "we don't negotiate with terrorists" approach, if applied more broadly by more companies would go a long way toward fixing both the patent system and the legal system. It takes mad courage. Go Mike. We're talking about a system where fighting a suit has a certain fixed cost, along with an added element of risk. (Risk because the system is broken enough now that the outcomes are often near random). The "best" thing to do is settle for less than the fixed cost + your willingness to gamble. This creates a system of minor extortionists knowing that by simply filing suits and collecting settlements they can sap wealth from businesses that create it almost without effort. Whats best for the one business (to settle) is not best for all businesses because it perpetuates the broken status quo. What it takes to stop this cycle is for individuals to stand up and say "No. That's a step to far", even if it means loosing more than taking the "rational" option of settling. To put it slightly more succinctly, to say as nations do "We will not negotiate with terrorists". There's a reason we take such a hard stance on that. Once you give in once, you'll be giving in forever. It takes courage. Even for a former lawyer. while ( woman { drink (beer); } Not to worry, the system runs out of resources and halts in short order. I've heard that memory (and other things) leak as well. This is a backhanded attempt at rationing. Unfortunately, its actually even more dangerous than the outright rationing of electricity. There are some applications where a CF simply won't do and a halogen is the best for the job. If they must ration power, tell me how much power I can use and let me decide whether I'd like 5 CFL's or 1 traditional bulb on at any given time. Governments are super -lousy at picking technology. In Alaska, milk is $7.00/gallon. We need people up there to run the industries but the living is tough. There are scams operated by the government far worse than Alaska. After reconnecting with several friends I had lost touch with, a few admitted to thinking that I had either ended up in jail or died because of my complete lack of online presence. (No Myspace, facebook, blog, etc) This is vaguely disquieting. I was kind of thinking that the iphone was the new newton. Now that that's out of the way, Steve's got nothing left to prove. Maybe its time to kick back a little. I think for about $20, that guy will write one for you! :) ...but considering that we have nothing in writing at the moment I think there's some flexibility there. You are thinking wrong. The odds of you coming out with what you think you are owed in this deal... well, we need C3PO to tell you with enough character to get the tone right. A globe like this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLygWkHo9nw The things they fight over in public are generally symbolic little tokens of social policy, chosen for ease of public posturing. The Communist party offered just one bitter pill. The two Capitalist parties offer a choice of two placebos. The latest innovation is the photo finish election, where each party buys 50% of the vote, and the result is pulled out of statistical noise, like a rabbit out of a hat. Ok, I'm pretty sure this was a joke/satire/etc but I really liked this bit. Reminds me of Douglas Adams and the lizards... Disagree on the phones. Buy a pc, a digium card and a few lines and spend a weekend setting up asterisk. It does not instill me with a lot of confidence when I call a business and get some guys garbled sounding cell phone voicemail instead of "Thanks for calling X...." and being able to dial a real extension. (Even if said extension just forwards to his cell.) That's it exactly . No goofy "app store", no lockdown because "maybe that might interfere with the apple expereince..." Just a skilled user, doing precisely what he wants with his hardware. The true promise of Android, realized. The point he made was that the certification would have cost him more than the sub. He is barely profitable as it is. There are a whole set of laws in the first world that create an absurdly high barrier to entry for certain activities. Instead of making the activities safer, as intended, they simply make them impossible/unprofitable/implausible. A soup kitchen that fed the homeless near me was forced to close because they could not afford to install a centralized halon fire extinguisher system to meet commercial kitchen code. Instead of making the volunteers and the homeless marginally safer, the volunteers went home to watch TV and the homeless were SOL. Law->Fail. Different cultures experience risk/reward in different ways. Safety above ALL else is a distinctly first-world/western notion. Eventually you end up with a choice. The older, smaller $100k sub with $100k of permission seeking added on (and somewhat known risk) or the newer larger $200k sub with somewhat unknown risk. In the first-world, that choice is made for me (and likely results in no sub ride at all). I'm glad that there are some places in the world where I can still choose for myself. I'd take the sub ride. Its the same cultural problem that some people have with eating dog. Its just a different world. The meat in this case even walks to the place where its needed! If it was a cow or a pig, it would probably seem less objectionable. Horse seems to ring up as "pet" in my mind and so colors the issue for me. If you think about it, he doesn't need to shoot the horse first. Dropping it to the bottom of the ocean with cinder blocks attached would do the trick while possibly attracting more sharks. It be cheaper and cleaner boat-side as well. He would probably find it morally objectionable to do so though. If more people had to kill their own meat, there'd be a ton more vegetarians. I used underwater in this case because it is often said that a startup is underwater when they are in debt. The quotes for the double meaning. Apologies if I got it "wrong". :)