At this point? None. It's a silly exercise on not going anywhere. HURD uses Mach, which is a mid-90s academic microkernel that's not so good in practice. Particularly, it's so slow at IPC (which is critical to performance in a pure microkernel system) that those using it (Darwin/OSX/IOS, HURD) had to compromise and use a hybrid architecture: Running drivers and some other components of the system with kernel privileges; A popular design choice in the 90s (also BeOS, Windows NT) due to the immaturity of microkernels. In late 90s/early 2000s, L4 happened. It went to great lengths to actually make achieving performance with a pure microkernel architecture possible. Afterwards, there were a lot of followup microkernels implementing the L4 interface, so these days when we say L4 we generally mean the interface, or any microkernel that implements it. The HURD was watching, and sometime early 2000s they realized that the hybrid architecture was dead and they needed to move on if they wanted to stay relevant. There was a serious attempt at porting HURD to L4. It was already working, but the people behind it became disillusioned with the HURD, after realizing flaws on the architecture. I recommend reading the papers the L4 port people wrote on this. Back then, there were some ten to twenty HURD developers active. After that, the HURD should have rethought its architecture and moved on with L4. Instead, they didn't continue the L4 effort nor fix the architecture. What they did was abandon it and start an entirely new port to a different microkernel, Coyotos, which didn't bear fruit, either. Throughout all this, the HURD was losing developers as they became disinterested. Fast forward to 2005, Andrew Tanenbaum and his students released the first version (a mere skeleton, without even virtual memory support) of Minix3, and continued working from there http://wiki.minix3.org/MinixReleases , going a long way and bringing us to its current state. Right now, Minix3 has 20-30 active developers any given day, a few of which are working on it full-time, supported by funds coming from European Union research programs, as the reliability aspect http://www.minix3.org/other/reliability.html to Minix3 has been deemed important. Meanwhile, the HURD has 0-3 active developers depending on the day, none of which working full time, and with no roadmap or organization whatsoever. Last I've heard, they introduced userspace driver support, which is a step in the right direction, but a bit silly as the real problem (they're still using Mach) is yet to be solved. Minix3 next version, 3.3.0, is weeks away. Here's some insider info: It breaks ABI to adopt NetBSD types, skyrocketing compatibility with pkgsrc software. The system will for the first time be built dynamic, as mmap() is finally working and the dynamic library support has been adapted to actually do shared libraries using it. As lack of proper dynamic library support was holding back X (which already ran, but with barely any software for it), I expect we'll have a lot of WMs, DEs and GUI programs from here on, and interest will pick up. If you ask me about the HURD, I'd say it's not worth continuing. Just take along whatever salvageable ideas and concepts and move on. Working on a system that isn't at a dead end is one suggestion. Escape https://github.com/Nils-TUD/Escape , HelenOS and Minix3 are three such systems. Genode is not exactly a system but it is interesting in its own way, and Plan9Front http://ninetimes.cat-v.org/ is very interesting even though it is not currently a pure microkernel system (it can be made so without breaking anything thanks to the awesome design). All these systems I suggested are Free Software , interesting, promising and actually active. For a gallery of L4 microkernels, just look at Genode. They support a bunch and also some non-L4 yet interesting ones: http://genode.org I don't expect much to come from rewarding failure. Throwing money away at OpenSSL isn't suddenly gonna make its developers good. I'll be running LibReSSL, and I expect most Linux distributions to do the same by default once the Linux port is released. These private message things are appropriate until (possibly years after breaking up) it's convenient for one party to say otherwise. This bullshit should be put to an end. Disclaimer: Sort-of-spanish here (Catalan). These newspapers sales on-paper are dropping alarmingly. They're looking at this as a way to monetize their online versions. What has already happened: A major spanish social link aggregator (a-la-digg) is boicotting these newspapers. What will happen: Google will remove them from the index. They'll lose exposure, and therefore make even less. Mosh is nice, but "A replacement for SSH" is quite stretching it, considering it does use ssh to setup its own connection and so it depends on SSH. It also doesn't provide most of SSH functionality, and it doesn't support IPv6 yet, whereas SSH does. I used to like the SSD guide. Not anymore. Old website was nice and readable, the new one is terrible, in a misguided attempt to be "modern". Even at its front page, I had no idea where to click to actually read the guide. No Child Left Behind: The after-"education" edition. Recommends openssl, ignores libressl exists at all. It might be worth buying if and only if it's not an iPhone. Rather than ghostery: https://www.eff.org/privacybadger Amiga... was so ahead of its time. Because turning them into messages (like Minix does) is too hard... /s I think this, while Raspberry Pi specific: https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/projects/raspberrypi/tutorials/os/ is a better intro to arm asm. I still prefer the Dragonfly fork, with its hybrid kernel architecture. HAMMER2 is looking good. I'd love a section of my i3 statusbar showing the current distance in light seconds, at all times. I'm surprised this isn't a thing yet. I still use my Amiga machines, but I want nothing to do with AmigaOS4. A new desktop proprietary OS simply makes no sense in the present world, even more so if it only runs in special hardware. AROS (free implementation of AmigaOS3) and Minimig (free implementation of the hardware for FPGA) is where it's at. Seems very standard IRC channel; I look at IRC once in a while and write a bunch of replies. This wouldn't change so much, although I'd need some sort of bouncer on earth in order not to ping timeout. Much appreciated. Didn't know about aa. As of a few years ago, it runs on classic Amiga hardware. But graphics performance is poor without a graphics card. I'm hoping this is the start of a trend. The true start will be once the lowrisc SoC is out, and open hardware devices using it start to flood the market. ReactOS shares a lot of code with Wine. Mostly DLLs. Code flows both ways. Even if you're never going to use ReactOS, it still helps make wine better. I wouldn't go anywhere near that. Not worth getting legally tainted. Amiga-like Black on grey is fantastic. But nobody uses it. it's time for: http://www.lowrisc.org/ For desktops, it simply needs to get into the fast enough territory. So that the next person doesn't have to search for it: http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/DeviceDoc/20005292B.pd... I want to follow their news, but I can't seem to find an RSS feed. In its place, there's stupid facebook/etc social crap buttons. > addictiveness How so? The forced smooth scrolling thing makes reading the page really annoying, and I strongly feel like closing it and never opening it again. Seems like a good idea, but the implementation is poor. Please just write a tool that does the set of tests, displays results and optionally submits them. Then distributions could package it, and people could run it. The way it needs to be done right now implies too much effort and few people are going to bother. Not sure why this story is so popular. It's just an advertisement for a simple yet very expensive program which solves a well-understood problem that has been solved many times before. I'm glad they're doing this. It'll help plant an image: Proprietary microcode is evil. Yeah. And even a simple aminet search like this: http://aminet.net/search?query=serial+transfer Does show a load of free alternatives. FTP over SLIP. None. Working archive: https://archive.is/lc5vT Also: http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ I kinda like how Dragonfly does implement dm-crypt such as on Linux (compatible) instead :). > The correct response is to stop writing to the filesystem. Stop writing AND READING, as what's read can be corrupted and yet written or used elsewhere. He apologized to SJWs. Now the SJWs can point at it and say "See, we were right!". Idiot. Never apologize to SJWs. I'd rather use eChronos or seL4. They're provable and free software. Intel call their thing an RTOS; it's bullshit. They lack proof of hard realtime. For servers, really? I don't get it, they could just use RISC-V. x86 has a user case: legacy software. When out of FAST RAM, use CHIP RAM :) Nice, but why force a conversion to a lossy audio format? https://github.com/swanson/stringer How low latency are we talking about? At 60Hz, a frame is 16ms, which is already tight. Even better UX is to show what you've requested, which is 16. > Takes a few days though Typically 24h in the SEPA. > There is, unfortunately, no easy way out. Disagree. BSD. Dejavu? No, there was Freecraft, now Stratagus: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stratagus You can add vdev to pool anytime. Removing them is not as easy, so some planning is necessary. > With the notable exception of ZFS vs EXT4, they underlying software appears to be the same, Huh no. OMV is Linux + PHP. It failed to timely move away from MACH into the post-Liedtke world, and as a consequence it fell into irrelevance. How pretentious can they be. By trying to fit in mandatory payments, they screwed up. They should have focused on doing everything else well, and perhaps introduce voluntary payments (i.e.: donations) later. Mandatory payments ain't gonna fly; Even assuming they somehow made the technical part work, which I don't see happening, a system that's the same but without the payments is bound to exist. Guess which one people are going to use? If payment is strictly voluntary, however, then a single system is enough. keepenv was removed in the doas from openbsd 6.0. I expected better from an article that's been published after the 6.0 release. Why wait until 2020? This should be effective today, while giving a few month grace period at most. watch -n1 df When trying to promote an open format, LGPLv3 and such reference implementations aren't exactly helping. You'd want to maximize adoption, and there BSD can help. Adoption of Xiph.org's Vorbis was in good part supported by such a decision. > The second question which required a choice between killing homeless people and wealthier ones made me too disgusted to continue. I actually didn't give a fuck who the people were, or how many. I was surprised when by the end I was shown the results including demographics. Close enough... Rule Two: Intervene only if it doesn't mean killing a person who otherwise would not die. Done. Or net worth. They might as well have drawn them as generic animals. Very happy with my Oneplus 3. Isn't libreboot just coreboot minus blobs? I don't get why it is in any way remarkable. However, it is still a boring type-2 hypervisor, just like bhyve, vmware or kvm; no real progress whatsoever. I'm keeping an eye at seL4's VMM support, it looks promising, with the microkernel actually guaranteeing isolation, whereas the VMM runs with minimum privileges as a user process. Used to be a nice documentation site, until they decided to cover AmigaOS4, ditching 3. > This particular bug is in the memory management system, which is one of those things that kind of has to be in the kernel. Not really. L4 family (the post-Liedtke world) and Minix3 both have MM out of the kernel. A small TCB will still be key, regardless of language. Why do you think it is erroneous? Worth noting that as of Genode's latest release, a lot of progress has been made in that regard. Sorry, can you restate that question? I'm not sure what you're asking. > C, due to arrays, strings, arithmetic operations and memory allocations requiring unsafe code leads to 100% unsafe code across the existing code. Imply is just slightly too harsh. Writing safe C code is very possible, as proven by projects such as seL4 or engineers such as djb. OSX is pretty bad as they go. MACH based hybrid kernel garbage. A shame, considering Apple actually has the resources for doing a proper rebase of XNU on L4 and with actual pure microkernel multiserver architecture. Couple things here. Firstly, as the MM daemon runs on its own process and is well-separated from other code, it is far easier to audit, debug and so on. Its interface is also entirely explicit. There's value in modular programming. It's far more reasonable to expect quality from such a MM daemon than the mess in a random monolith kernel. Secondly, in seL4, physical pages are capabilities. There might be more than one MM daemon, owning separate sets of capabilities to physical pages. Security-critical memory might be managed by a MM daemon your vulnerable process has no capability to talk to. Just my two cents. I love AmigaOS, so I find disgusting that they're still holding the VCS repository of this 20yr+ code hostage, and selling pointless updates to it. Also, I much prefer the old logo to that stupid boingball. No male pill yet. Can't trust anyone else with birth control. Very little information on their site about the actual architecture of the system. Very bad flag there. I'd be interested if it was based on a post-Liedtke microkernel, but I suspect it's yet another boring monolith. I applaud lessons taken from Liedtke/L4, a major step in the right direction. Now I can look at that project seriously, rather than consider it yet another pre-Liedtke mistake. I'm not so sure, however, about concurrency in the kernel. The locks and added complexity certainly aren't going to help keep WCET low and bound. NICTA's SSRG did study this: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/publications/nictaabstracts/Peter... Spotted mp3, quickly closed. Can't take it seriously if it's still using mp3 rather than opus. What a waste of bandwidth. I'm thinking mostly about the principle of minimality (what can be out of the kernel should be). But there's some more contributions from L4. The ACM did a talk on those insights 20 years later: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdoaFc5-1Rk The associated NICTA SSRG paper: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/publications/nictaabstracts/Elphi... A more recent NICTA SSRG paper: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/publications/nictaabstracts/Heise... > foregoing the verified nature of seL4 If anything, seL4 is the fastest L4 out there, proving that they can be fast and proven at the same time. So, why would anyone want to do that? I hear tox has been approached before, but they were uninterested. Remember GNU requires transferring rights to the FSF, which many aren't comfortable with. I personally favor tox, because ec25519 and full forward secrecy. Also, not fond of SIP. > What's the advantage of being a GNU project these days? I can't think of anything. > and in particular Richard Stallman's political opinions (e.g., eugenics) Utter nonsense. Being part of GNU doesn't imply agreeing with every word Stallman utters on any topic. > restricts your technical decision-making options Very real (see gcc and frontend/backend separation) and a very good reason to stay away. While I'm sure it's well-intended, it does have a couple of fatal flaws. * Lack of full forward secrecy means logged network logs can be decrypted in the future if an endpoint key is ever compromised. * e2e encryption is optional, due to legacy SIP support. This is extremely dangerous as it will no doubt lead to false sense of security, with users assuming they're safe just because Ring is the program they're talking through. Due to these two I cannot actually recommend it to anyone. Note that Tox got these two right, and is a pretty active project which gets commits semi-daily, regardless of the nonsense about it being dead that some party seems to be spreading. I use and love Tox as it got some key fundamentals right. First, they have full forward secrecy. This is notably unlike Ring, which does not. Secondly, all communications are end to end encrypted and endpoint-verified, as there's no "legacy SIP support" (eg: SIP) or such nonsense and the DHT addresses your contacts gave you are actual ec25519 public keys. Neat, a bunch of these had escaped my radar, even. I'm glad to see you around; A bit of hope to contrast with all the zero-research-done yet anti-microkernel naysayers. > The Boing ball is a long-standing Amiga icon; IIRC a lot of the early promotional photos of the system sported a badge with it instead of the rainbow checkmark. It is, but I've never liked it. > For nontechnical users, that's a massive downside. I disagree entirely. It's an upside. They get to benefit from PKI without even understanding anything. A person's address gets them the actual person. ToxMe requires trusting the ToxMe identity provider, and is an obvious point of attack. And we'd no doubt see fake addresses that resemble other peoples, and other such nonsense. There's minimising the inconvenience (with ideas like the QR code feature they have), and there's plain giving up security for minimal gained convenience, which we should just avoid. > It doesn't benefit them if they don't use the protocol. There's no benefit from using the protocol if it gives up security for convenience like the others. > Obviously. This is why it's a bad thing that nontechs will probably go in that direction, if they use Tox at all. My point exactly. > But it seems to me like joining GNU is solely a political statement and a sign of agreement with Stallman's views on morality (since he frames free software / computing freedom as a moral issue). GNU's views on software. Stallman's just the figurehead for these. I don't care what his opinions are outside of this, nevermind agree or disagree. > Is there another reason to associate yourself with GNU? As I said, I can't think of any in the first place. But I'm still glad GNU and FSF do exist, and that their views are so extreme. If they weren't, then a much softer position would be called extreme instead. The world would be worse for it. They're matching HEVC in synthetic benchmarks already, and aim to release the spec by March 2017, which is soon enough. > e2e could be enforced for the DHT clients if the user states they aren't going to be using SIP though, right? That needs user intervention, which implies his understanding of why it is necessary. Here's a better idea, remove backwards compatibility. Perhaps they could release a separate SIP client under a different name. Just keep it away from Ring itself. Let Ring be actually secure. Your average hacklab will do the job just fine. You're right to mention these. Spent several evenings reading Heiser's blog and NICTA SSRG papers a few month ago. I'm more positive about microkernels these days; Activity is increasing and milestones are being reached. PHP. No. Not very fond of their "Try it out" feature, which after making me waste time on their "select 3" first step, then proceeds to try and cajole me into giving away my email address. Wish they posted some screenshots or static pages or something of the sort, so I could take a look and see if I like it more than stringer, which is the current solution I'm using. Used to be a decent reference site until they destroyed it with horrid trendy web design. It's unreadable, now. With essential features such as centralised login (LDAP, AD, etc) as proprietary plugins. I still get the same annoying layout with that link. Rather, essential in any setup with more than one user. Supports cloud users... but doesn't support LDAP. Sigh. I don't know the details, but I hear that in the BSD front (AIUI specifically openbsd, dragonfly) there's a strong preference for NFSv3, and a view that NFSv4 is crap. It'd be interesting if somebody who knew about this could elaborate on the details for us. > Why not just bare Linux, possibly with the PREEMPT_RT patchset That'd be a really bad idea. Linux is too complex to trust, and lacks WCET making it unsuitable for hard realtime. There's open source options, but Linux isn't among them. I'd look at seL4 for this purpose. >RAID5 Not good enough. RAID6 is the absolute minimum, as with current disk sizes it's too easy to lose the whole array due to an additional disk failure while one disk is being replaced. Mandatory warning: PowerVR. > This hits the nail on the head. Abandoning time zones would only make sense if there were no more need for time translation. But you'd still need to translate for the sake of biological clocks, and without time zones it would become more challenging to communicate that translation. I argue it'd avoid mistakes, such as the assumption it's dark at the other clock's 18h because it is here. As the site seems to be down, here's an alternative: http://www.raspbsd.org/ Oh, I see what you mean. Page finally loaded, thankfully. The ridiculous shit that needs to be done just to rid of some blob. RISC-V can't take the market over fast enough. > I used to think this, but I'm not so sure anymore. Try facts. Google around. "Portugal after legalization". Switch to HTTPS. Debian supports using HTTPS mirrors. We can do without the tone policing. It's very simple, Linux won't bend the rules for anyone, and that includes AMD. The sooner they realize that, the faster they can actually work together with Linux kernel maintainers. Implying Apple service is any good. (See: bendgate) How does corruption get past TLS? Linux will always be insecure. There's no fixing millions of lines of code running in supervisor mode. What will happen instead is that the world will move on to a microkernel-based OS. That's a classic misuse of cat. Just use ' http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ Because they're still using Mach, and most capable contributors moved on to microkernel-based projects that actually aren't hopeless. > but it doesn't make the system non-deterministic Actually, it does. It's possible to calculate WCET involving ram accesses, as the behaviour is deterministic; there's a set latency. It's not possible whenever SWAP is involved, which is why most of the realtime world simply avoids swap. This is mentioned in the Genode handbook, if you're willing to dig into it more. > Until hardware H.265 decoding is introduced to the popular media center hardware, H.264 will remain the codec of choice for most people. Might never happen, thanks to netvc. Religions, and their believers, are dangerous. As paranoid as I am about data, I don't think it would be such a bad idea to have a registry of believers. Really bad support. And if you get packetstormed, they just nullroute you and call it "DDoS protection". Over the years, I've had plenty enough of ovh/kimsufi/hetzner/etc. For dedicated, I favor online.net and their alternative brand scaleway. Else AWS. I haven't played with GCE yet. > Doesn't matter if one driver can access another. I just need to read data in user home directory and I can find out everything I need. Well, you'd need the adequate permissions to do that in the firstr place. Or you'd have to exploit the VFS (good luck with that), the disk driver (which is hidden behind VFS, good luck with that), or some other driver which hardware is for some reason not isolated via iommu (good luck with that). > Linux work good enough due to automated testing and amazing kernel engineers. You definitely do not run much Linux on production, else you'd know how amazing 2016 has been, regarding kernel vulnerabilities. Some of them were even reliably exploitable on grsec/pax patched kernels. > Microkernals are supposed to make OSes more stable but they don't. Except most RTOSs and anything with high assurance requirements uses microkernels. > GNU Hurd, Mach 3 Hurd uses Mach, a pre-liedtke, old world microkernel. Not really worth pointing at it, the same way 1971 UNIX isn't representative of Linux. > Minix - so far track record isn't good. Minix is doing quite well at what it set out to do: Fault-tolerance. This is true of all IM that isn't based on open protocols and has mandatory end-to-end encryption. Which is why I use tox [0]. [0] https://tox.chat/ > The price for a i7 6700K 4.1GHz, 32GB RAM, 500GB SSD and nVidia GTX 1070: €1515 EUR (case and CPU cooler included). That's not a gaming pc. That looks more like a gaming-capable Workstation. Absolutely overkill CPU (games are seldom cpu bound), and too much RAM (games don't care). I suggest a glance at Logical Increments [0], which is definitely biased towards gaming, to see what you can do at a given price point. Note that just because of the gsync fiasco and the cloud-connected drivers nonsense, I'd gravitate towards an AMD GPU if I had to buy now. [0] http://www.logicalincrements.com/ > Logical Increments is nice, but sometimes leads astray. I'm not a fan of their brackets and they also seem to favor nvidia over amd, but it's serves the purpose of, without actually having to put a machine together in pcpartpicker [0], seeing what can be done at a price point with current pieces. [0] https://pcpartpicker.com/ But alas, it sucks (no support at all!) at ipv6 (e.g.: On a ds-lite scenario), it is federated instead of decentralized, and its end-to-end encryption is optional. > IPv6 is indeed bad It's terrible, and the reason I don't use matrix. While behind ds-lite, the only option I'd have is to run my node on an untrusted location (eg: a rented server). > "its end-to-end encryption is optional": I don't really see this as a problem. If you want it, you have it. If you don't, you don't. Sometimes end-to-end encryption isn't desirable, in a business environment where you need communications to be auditable for example. Sure, but in a post-snowden climate, I can't recommend a solution where end-to-end is optional to anybody. The problem is that when it is optional, people will readily downgrade to point-per-point encryption when they experience any issues. It's terrible to give less tech-literate people the option of insecure communication. > People, please stay away from Tox. By actually following the thread, I got the opposite idea. Its current active developers are well aware of Tox's flaws, do actually know what they're doing, and have a plan. They're being addressed. This is a much better attitude than seen elsewhere (such as in Telegram). And, in the first place, this is being overblown. As GrayHatter succintly puts it: > For anyone reading this, without a crypto background. The assertions being made are the same as saying: the lock on your house is broken because if someone steals your keys they can unlock your door. > It allows you to impersonate anyone else to A, if you steal A's keys If A got his keys stolen, he's indeed in for some trouble. > This is slippery-slope weasel-wording. Please. > The particular impersonation-to-A scenario is well known (due to a standard DH key agreement property) and can be protected against (see lvh's top comment for examples how it's possible to do that). Yes, it's an excellent explanation. But ultimately, while this should be fixed, it is not critical, as it requires A's private keys be stolen. For the layman, without touching into the crypto details, the analogy GreyHatter made is not so bad. > Would you similarly argue that perfect forward secrecy doesn't matter? No, I wouldn't. I've only seen this reply after reading the post you're referencing, which I found quite elucidating. I would, however, note there's a huge difference in consequences. Without forward secrecy, old communications would be compromised when the private key is. This isn't comparable to anything about future conversations after the key is stolen, a situation where I'd personally have way lower security expectations and would be surprised if this wasn't the case among the general public, outside the crypto community. In the first place, short of another HeartBleed-style vulnerability (not impossible, as heartbleed demonstrated), the key being stolen would typically involve a serious compromise of an endpoint, where the attacker achieves enough execution to install a rootkit, at which stage, with KCI or without, the attacker can present to the compromised user whatever they want. I do, to some degree, understand the attitude of the current developers behind the toktok toxcore fork. They want to read and understand the code, then produce documentation about the code and the protocol, and only at that point (with all the information available) tackle the design issues, including this arguably low priority KCI issue. I believe it reasonable, particularly after considering that they're spending about zero effort in promoting its use to the general public. While it's pretty fair and I'm sure welcomed for their code to be looked at and vulnerabilities found, all things considered, I do not think it's, at all, fair to give them and their early-stages project the kind of negative spotlight they're getting. That looks pretty cool! Too bad about the language barrier, but I'm guessing more languages (such as spanish or english) are in the roadmap somewhere. > I don't think this is obvious to the general public. My point was that I don't think it's obvious to the general public, either, that they can have any expectation after their key is compromised. Forward secrecy, some of them might have even heard about, particularly in the present climate where ssllabs is requiring it for its A grade. > More importantly, this implies that the victim knows their key has been compromised. I threw in some talk about my and the general public's expectations about the scenario where an endpoint's key is compromised, but I don't think I included knowing it actually happened among these expectations. The rootkit scenario which I expect as most common compromise (endpoint machine utterly compromised) kind of implied the user is none the wiser. I'm not sure there's anyone out there that expects an Amiga guru meditation style alert saying "Your private key has been compromised!" to appear. > The vast majority of key compromises are operational screwups with data disclosure, they generally do not lead to arbitrary code execution. This is honestly surprising. Care to elaborate? paint.net is not free software. Apples to oranges. With its millions of lines of code, Linux is guaranteed to hide a bug or two. What specific evidence are you referring to? Closed the website after a few unfruitful attempts at figuring out what it was about without watching videos. Not nice. Operating System is a heavy word to throw around for something that's just a Debian derivative. Opened hoping for something microkernel-based... bummer. > Its not merely not a flaw in the underlying linux kernel its not a technical issue at all. I believe he's talking about having a driver API. Fuchsia also runs its drivers in userspace, which is the proper design in a post-Liedtke world. (principle of minimality) > 40% of foreign students in the US have no close friends on campus Missing important data for contrast: How many non-foreign have no close friends on campus. I doubt the rich account for much of that 37%. Figure is too high for that hypothesis. Necessary reaction here. Does it have to be NVIDIA ? That's based on what exactly? So far I do not believe they've shown enough for us to know it to be either way. AMD doesn't have a closed kernel component anymore. They do still have a userspace component, but most people use the free 3d acceleration instead, written with NDA-free documentation provided by AMD, with the help of AMD employees. This covers hardware up to their current generation, providing OpenGL 4.5 and Vulkan. Its performance is not as good as the Windows drivers, but good enough enough for most games out there. Thanks to this, their hardware just works out of the box on any distribution that's not years behind. As you don't even need to play games, I believe AMD is the better option here. Maybe RX460. Whoever submitted the values, if by mistake (not a plant), is definitely running neither final production clocks nor drivers. It might have some credibility if it was 2 weeks away from release, which is definitely not the case here. This is a good reason to run anything but Linux, particularly on 32bit hardware. All BSDs have, as far as I'm aware of, solved this years ago. They were looking for somebody cheap. Bullet dodged. >I'm using Telegram as my main messaging system but I hope they'll open source everything. A bit too late, now that you're using as your main system. >6ns improvement That's actually a lot for a memory access. All these launch day benchmarks will be obsoleted. >If you think binary GPU drivers are bad now, imagine an "open source" OS where every single driver is a binary blob. The current situation is they're tied to a version of the kernel, and typically abandoned by the vendors. With userspace drivers and driver APIs, the "android upgrade problem" would be solved. It'd then be a matter of reversing these drivers, which should be far easier when they're running in userspace and completely bounded. Though it doesn't run FreeNAS? Or at least something with ZFS. That got an NVidia GPU? Not much can be done with vendors that are actively hostile. Fun fact: HSTS https://securityheaders.io/?q=www.uspto.gov&followRedirects=... HSTS is 1 year at the time this comment is posted. They're in for some pain. There's software like gnucash which will take care of that, without the need for the fancy bank account. >While this is fascinating, and Willy is brilliant as always, I always wondered why HAProxy couldn't just, you know, reload the config. Sure, but what about seamless updates? >Why has HaProxy still such a 20 year old website? It's a far far better website than most so called "modern" websites. >If you really wanted, you could probably write an OS that ran parts of the kernel in TrustZone. https://genode.org/documentation/articles/trustzone It just so happens there's no real reasons to use AAC over OPUS. This can't be seen as anything else than a research filesystem that tries several new things at once. Doomed from the start. A good design would look at the state of the art and use the best techniques available. If the aim was research, then try one new thing, not a thousand. For actual promising new filesystem efforts I'd be looking at HAMMER2, Tux3 and F2FS. Apple's part of the group pushing AAC. They do of course deliberate sabotage open codec efforts. You got that far? Congrats. I couldn't stand it. After the introduction, I started scrolling, saw the general structure and just closed it. It was the most unpleasant text I looked at in a very long time. This article does somehow make a painful read. I just can't. It'd be nice if someone who could handle it wrote a TL;DR for us. Also Vampire A500 V2+. I got myself one :) If you're looking for AD, samba4 can do it on Linux. Might have to do with the pressure they're feeling from the unavoidable: RISC-V replacing ARM. Try radare2. Not having an alternative method using a file selection dialog is extremely annoying on some platforms. All I see is a sponsored article to show Binary Ninja as wonderful and talk trash on r2. And a lack of openness about that fact. No IPv6 support. Harman did a large study of frequency response preference, and came up with the harman FR target as ideal. Sennheiser HD600 (from 1997) is closest to this, has reasonably low THD, and is generally considered very good. It doesn't cost all that much, either, at $280 in amazon.com last I checked. "was" would be more accurate. The price has gone up significantly due to its popularity, and there are far better options at the pricing range where it sits now. They're also significantly colored headphones; The cheaper m40x are actually more neutral. 15 years is a lot. I own some HD380 Pro (reasonably flat for something closed, and supposedly a huge improvement over the HD280 which I haven't tested) and HD600 (flat as an ironing board), both purchased recently. I'm curious... how well have your HD280 Pro endured through these 15 years? >NwAvGuy head-fi ban There's a recount of the story by some company NwAvGuy did shit on, for contrast. https://www.head-fi.org/f/threads/schiit-happened-the-story-... Chapter 12: Schiit Goes Evil? OK, fair enough. Then try any of the r2 GUIs. As secure explained. >"broken in" Known to be psychological. >not really coloring the sound http://graphs.headphone.com/index.php?graphID%5B0%5D=573&gra... HD600 make a good reference. Notice the raised bass and general shakiness on the HD280. The HD380 are sadly not plotted there, but there's this: http://reference-audio-analyzer.pro/en/report/hp/sennheiser-... http://reference-audio-analyzer.pro/en/report/hp/sennheiser-... http://reference-audio-analyzer.pro/en/report/hp/sennheiser-... >I've sweat through 2 sets of ear cushions and the headband. I've bought a replacement headband but just left it off. Only 2 sets in 15 years? That's pretty durable. What happened to the headband? >vendors won't release their kernels Vendors won't modify fuchsia or its microkernel (magenta). That's the point behind the driver APIs in fuchsia. This should allow Google to update the full system, kernel included, while leaving the vendor drivers, which run in user mode and will still work due to the API being still supported, alone. If Android is ported to fuchsia, that would solve the android update problem for good. >but usually comes at the cost of performance. Historically, with (ancient) 1st generation microkernels like Mach (used in OSX/IOS), sure. Else, this article's decent: http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ As an added note, your server seems to resolve some A record, despite no A records in the domain. I suspect whatever you're using for DNS does park all NXDOMAIN into some website of their own. Why? It seems arbitrary to me. 32 Ryzen (less actually usable due to chipset taking some), 64 Threadripper, 128 EPYC. Let's continue this until everybody is in jail. That's for the best. Reform and all that. If your HD650 is new, I'd suggest using only it for some month or two. Then you'll hear the difference. In my case, what I've got is HD598 vs HD600, and the HD598 do now sound seriously bad to me. >they can get more fatiguing than I'd like after a few hours of listening due to the horizontal snugness They get quite loose over time. I've had mine for a while, and I can barely feel I'm wearing them. Apologising. A classic mistake. What's possibly just a display of good will is going to get abused as admission of guilt. There's the sens foundation, working on a "repair the damage we understand as aging" approach. http://www.sens.org/ >be the man, trust yourself and your partner, make things work no matter that. You're telling us to man up and play russian roulette with 5/6 holes populated. Except that would actually be a nice proposal, when put against family law and divorce rates. And will, statistically. Family courts, wielding family law, will then screw the man over. Maybe it's time for mpc-qt: https://github.com/cmdrkotori/mpc-qt It reimplements mpc-hc UX using qt for the UI and libmpv for the heavy lifting. The issue with this one is that it doesn't have public builds yet, but it has been in active development for years. Permit me to be skeptic when anybody claims >A Proven, Trusted Technology When talking about mesh networking. Title says Spain, but it really is about Catalonia. No FreeSync in $currentyear, not even worth considering. Been doing this for ages without intending to. I generally eat 13-14 and again 18-19. and that's it. >The project you are creating is, or should be, an intellectual endeavor and it serves no technical purpose to push your personality onto users. Plenty will find that attitude offensive. Like, who do you think you are telling people what their project should be. It would be good to have it as the reference player, for archivist purposes and to help the already existing open efforts achieve higher compatibility. This doesn't mean it has to ever be run as a browser plugin or outside of a sandbox (such as a VM, an emulator or a bsd jail). Netboot, sure. But why Linux? This isn't in any way Linux specific. On a non-totally unrelated note, Matt Dillon recently updated the HAMMER2 design document. https://www.dragonflybsd.org/hammer/ Where's this manifesto? The story link is to some opinionated article that seems to hate it. What's appalling is how they're not switching to libressl yet. >Try to limit all discussions at the desk area to 5 people or less. How about zero or less? Yet this is just one side of the split. Exactly. So why is the story titled "Netboot Linux over the internet"? >“Mom, is it true that there are biological reasons why there are fewer women in tech and leadership?” Disgustingly using her children to cause an emotional response. There's a p2p network called gnutella. It's not associated with GNU. It gets confusing. >I feel this is the worst mistake by management because the technical people are the ones who suffer for it. How is this a mistake then? It seems As Planned. It'd be a mistake if the management suffered for it. If you're worried about performance, see http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ I agree. Unfortunately, I am not aware of a compilation of misconceptions on microkernels article that's more valuable than this one. >I feel like it's 1990 again and we are debating whether the context switch overhead of processes on UNIX is worth it. Worth noting are modern (gen2/3, L4 onwards) microkernel context switch costs. This article has a neat table in it. Third page. http://sigops.org/sosp/sosp13/papers/p133-elphinstone.pdf In contrast, Linux takes whole microseconds. This should be carefully considered when thinking about multiserver architecture overhead. >uncontended timings In the case of seL4, they are WCET (Worst Case Execution Time). That's as "contended" as it can possibly get. They do provide formal proof of WCET, so these numbers are solid. This is interesting. I wonder what's keeping this kind of work from being mainlined. The present (as shown in the slides) Linux context switch times are painfully long. You might want to look into: http://ts.data61.csiro.au/projects/seL4/ Specifically: Bernard Blackham, Yao Shi, Sudipta Chattopadhyay, Abhik Roychoudhury and Gernot Heiser Timing analysis of a protected operating system kernel IEEE Real-Time Systems Symposium, pp. 339-348, Vienna, Austria, November, 2011 --- TL;DR: They assume worst case for cache misses. e.g.: "The latency of a read or write to physical memory on this platform was measured to be 80–100 cycles; in the static analysis we assume a 100-cycle penalty for all cache misses." I agree that makes sense, but the statement was "technical people are the ones to suffer for it". If that was true, it'd be as intended Look into http://www.microkernel.info/ Note one of these doesn't belong (hurd), as unlike everything else, it is first gen and effectively dead. It has about 0 developers on any given time, with the occassional work being done. There's been no real (fundamental) progress on it for over a decade. The issues in the hurd critique paper haven't been addressed. The L4 port failed. idk about HelenOS. On seL4, you may have a capability to a frame of physical memory in 2 processes, and use that as "shared memory" between them. >python Is already there. >perl There'd be porting effort, if not using their POSIX compatibility framework. Else, effort would be put in making it build. TL;DR: Use Windows, as the latency penalty for using Linux is excessive. I'm hoping whatever multiserver µkernel os replaces Linux actually does better. Wouldn't that be the Affero license? This paper has a neat table in it. Third page. http://sigops.org/sosp/sosp13/papers/p133-elphinstone.pdf For contrast, Linux takes whole microseconds. So instead of fining the company out of existence, they're putting a random engineer in prison? For the task at hand, I do wonder how it compares (and whether it does) with the likes of llsif, deresute or mirishita. The hurd unfortunately isn't pure microkernel multiserver architecture, but a mere hybrid, as they run a lot in supervisor mode for performance reasons, to do with limitations of the MACH microkernel they do use. It has about 0 developers on any given time, with the occasional work being done. There's been no real (fundamental) progress on it for over a decade. The issues in the hurd critique paper haven't been addressed, and the L4 port failed. Your time is best spent elsewhere. Take your pick from microkernel.info. If you want it to be open source and you want to be able to work with it to some extent, however, there's compromises involved (the main one being that hardware support is terrible), but the latest Minix 3.4 release candidate is about the only such system that will do that for you, and the closest there is to replacing monolithic unix as a general purpose OS. It specifically tries to be a replacement for netbsd, sharing most of its userspace. Keep in mind Xen is bloated beyond belief, and all of this bloat is running in supervisor mode. It being an actual type 1 hypervisor makes it significantly better than approaches such as Linux KVM or freebsd bhyve, but the TCB is still too big. A better approach is to run the VMM (which handles VM exceptions) as a normal user process under a microkernel. seL4 implements such an approach, with the added benefits of capabilities; the VMM doesn't get any more privileges than it actually needs, thus a successful attack against the VMM from within the VM could not actually provide anything beyond what supervisor mode execution within the VM would. A lot more on this to be found here: https://ts.data61.csiro.au/projects/TS/virtualisation/ More papers (not restricted to virtualization): https://ts.data61.csiro.au/projects/TS/publications.pml And, while at it, I also recommend reading Gernot Heiser's blog, which has plenty on this. https://microkerneldude.wordpress.com/ >Linux can be upgraded without a full reboot using the now-somewhat-ancient two-kernel-monte, or kexec? Sure, and some time is saved, as the firmware/bootloader doesn't need to run. But otherwise, like with a reboot, everything is shut down and restarted. Minix3 can update system servers and drivers in place, without rebooting and without user processes even feeling a hiccup. It can even go back to the older, working version if there's any issue with the new one. >I love when people make crazy claims like "NO ONE ELSE CAN DO THIS... I MEAN WE NEVER ACTUALLY VERIFIED THIS OR LOOKED BUT WE'RE PRETTY SURE NO ONE ELSE CAN DO THIS!" And I'm still waiting to see such an example. Linux's kexec is not. Those cases are well covered by netbsd, which runs well even on some Amiga 1200 with an 68030 accelerator board I've got. I've tested recent Minix3 release candidates. Software compatibility is starting to get there, as unlike previous versions, a good portion of pkgsrc builds and runs, including X11 software. However, hardware support is not very good even on x86. It boots fine, X11 can be used well with VESA drivers and most popular NICs do work, but USB is missing, which means keyboard/mouse needs to be attached to PS2 ports. As I understand it, there's USB support, but only for the beaglebone board. I know there's an effort to make it work on x86 too, but it won't be in this release. The main hardship Minix3 is currently experience is that they've been releasing RCs for 3.4 since early last year, and the actual 3.4 is still not out. A lot of work has been done which won't be on 3.4, and the delays on this release are effectively delaying everything else. They need to focus their efforts on closing the blockers, release, and move to some more frequent release schedule, such as strictly time-based; if a feature isn't ready, then it gets delayed to the next release, but releases do need to keep happening. There's a Minixcon soon; I'm hoping it triggers some progress to happen. The project is this close to the important landmark which is being somewhat usable as a workstation. After that, both press and development would pick up considerably. >I'm not sure an actual implementation buys you much over the NT approach. As an introduction to that, I'd suggest reading https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MINIX_3#Reliability_policies as most of that is tied to the pure microkernel multiserver approach, with strictly only the microkernel running in supervisor mode. If you want to go into more depth, then I'm going to suggest https://ts.data61.csiro.au/projects/TS/publications.pml https://microkerneldude.wordpress.com/ And, of course, if what worries you is performance, then look into: http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ >but I'm to tired to bother. By all means, do. As far as I can see, these do not work without the enforced isolation of running as userspace processes. >Burning up 100% of a core to copy packets between userspace, the kernel, and then DMA'ing them to the device is pointlessly slow. That's not how it usually works. Bummer. That's extremely sad. They really do need to get that release out, and move on. >What makes Xen so bloated? Size, in kLOC, of the hypervisor itself, which runs entirely in supervisor mode and, as such, is part of the TCB. Among the never signed up group. It was unappealing to begin with, and it's been increasingly unlikely as, with stories like this, I learn how much worse it's been getting. I also find people who ask for my facebook account or try to get me to join are the same people I find least interesting and I'm less willing to spend my time with. That's helpful. I was trying to figure out whatever happened to Magenta. So it's just a rename. I do guess that files are probably not handled by the microkernel, and dealing with them is likely done through passing messages to some sort of VFS server. But I haven't looked into it in depth. Update: https://fuchsia.googlesource.com/docs/+/master/filesystems.m... "Like other native servers on Fuchsia, the primary mode of interaction with a filesystem server is achieved using the handle primitive rather than system calls. The kernel has no knowledge about files, directories, or filesystems. As a consequence, filesystem clients cannot ask the kernel for “filesystem access” directly." What happened here: - judge told .cat TLD to take over some domains, setting them to display a spanish police landing page. - .cat complied. - Judge told .cat TLD to censor any domain that does support the referendum in any way. - .cat replied that they run a TLD, that it's not their job to act as a censorship agency, inspecting each domain and disabling those that host websites that talk about topics that a judge specified are forbidden. - .cat notified the ICANN of the situation they're in: https://www.icann.org/en/system/files/correspondence/lineros... - police raided the TLD office, and arrested its CTO at his home. What happened here: - judge told .cat TLD to take over some domains, setting them to display a spanish police landing page. - .cat complied. - Judge told .cat TLD to censor any domain that does support the referendum in any way. - .cat replied that they run a TLD, that it's not their job to act as a censorship agency, inspecting each domain and disabling those that host websites that talk about topics that a judge specified are forbidden. - .cat notified the ICANN of the situation they're in: https://www.icann.org/en/system/files/correspondence/lineros... - police raided the TLD office, and arrested its CTO at his home. This is in some EU member country in western Europe. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15322537 Did I miss the privileged ISA specification passing? I own a oneplus3 device. Since I switched to LineageOS, it's faster, the battery lasts way longer, and it doesn't even get warm on 3d games where it got burning hot before. The devices are a mixed bag, some of them are quite decent. OxygenOS, however, is garbage. OP3 owner, I love my device. But I run LineageOS. It's far better than OxygenOS, which trouble knows no end. Yes, I did. Whatever is wrong with OxygenOS isn't due to Google Play Services. End to end encrypted and anonymous (external observer does not know who's talking with whom) IM/email/filesharing. #yyyyy would be the encryption key. The webserver end never sees it. It can, however, easily be read via javascript, so mozilla needs to be trusted in any case. >heroin >non-addictive I'm confused. x86 isn't that good. RISC-V has similar code density as amd64 while being fairly simpler. There's not much appeal to x86 as an ISA, other than for running legacy software. Most "legacy software" can be rebuilt from source code. For software where the sources aren't available, there's only a small subset where performance is the main priority. The rest can be handled through emulation. >On the other hand, if you told me to strike a key less than 100 ms after some visual stimuli If it was audio cue, I'd point you to "Love Live School Idol Festival", a rhythm game which "perfect" judgement window is some 32ms. Decent players will get perfect most of the time. Likely forking sleep takes time. It would be cool to look at Linux vs the BSDs on this. BSDs (dragonfly and openbsd) do feel like they react faster to keyboard input, but I've always wondered whether it's actually faster or just imagined. Be horrified, then. https://redislabs.com/blog/testing-fork-time-on-awsxen-infra... https://www.cs.indiana.edu/~adkulkar/papers/pspawn.pdf From lmbench, http://www.bitmover.com/lmbench/lat_proc.8.html Try it out. Being a happy i3 user, as promising as sway is, I was disappointed last time I tried it, due to usability concerns to do with very basic functionality. Specifically, the necessary hops for just setting the keymap. >It's just an environment variable. Sure. Which needs to be in the env sway gets passed. Which makes for some seriously ugly wrapper script needed, just to pass the stupid variable. >If you can't set an environment variable then power user tools probably are not for you. I think you're missing the point. It'll be a shame if sway 1.0 is released like this. One of the dependencies of the page, syndication.twitter.com, is IPv4-only. Outrageous. While neat, it's limited to Linux. It'd be nice to see how the BSDs behave, on their filesystems (such as HAMMER2). ZFS was also notably absent. It's in the manpage. This topic has a whole section in the manpage, though. It's not easy to miss even if just skimming, because of that. They're the most reliable and the most performant of the free drivers. Also, they have pretty good API support: https://mesamatrix.net/ Only Intel is slightly better on that, but their performance is abysmal. Not an isolated incident. I had this exchange with him: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15511570 I'm on a similar situation. I'm looking for a smallish, throw-into-any-backback-and-carry-everywhere laptop. The new chips are interesting, but the few launch devices all have one flaw or another. Fortunately, I can live without such a laptop, for now. I'll just keep an eye out for updates. The horrible "modern" web design scared me. Then I realised I was at haproxy.com, not .org. If swap is not present, memory access can be deterministic. Disk access can never be deterministic, which is terrible if you care about latency. >is the fastest static HTTP/1.1 server in the world As you're the author and you're promoting your own work, may I ask what sort of testing this claim is supported on? On ARM? Not RV64G? They chose BSD (freebsd) over Linux. If the interface was simple, such as seL4's, we wouldn't have to see it become a clusterfuck which, to maintain userspace compatibility, can't be fixed. It will only get worse over time. >There is no technology end-run around the law This doesn't mean we should just facilitate pervasive monitoring. Did I miss the privileged ISA becoming standard? Sure they don't want to release a chip using the draft. While there might be actually something to it, article lacks so much in detail it's hard to do anything else with it than dismiss it whole. When trying to denounce a person, it's not OK to be glossing over the details to this extent. Pretty much reads as "You can't trust Eben Moglen because I say so." Both him and Eben are well known. Why should I listen to one over the other? "You can't trust him. Trust me." >That required judicial authorisation. I can't find a source on this. Do you have one? Because BSDs don't scale in that direction. Dragonfly's design shows promise, but it's not anywhere near ready for supercomputers yet. Linux, while very successful, is still essentially based on a design (UNIX) from ~1970. Much has rained since then in OS design. Similarly, from OpenBSD: https://www.openbsd.org/lyrics.html Their weakest point is the hypervisor, Xen, which while a better choice than Linux/KVM, is still extremely bloated and has a poor security history. Thankfully, better designs such as seL4's VMM do exist, although it might need a little more work [1] until usable for the purpose. [1] https://sel4.systems/Info/Roadmap/ >Xen's hypervisor's size is very small. 150kLoC is quite a bit for an hypervisor. >Could you clarify "Better choice"? KVM is, like VMware, a Type 2 hypervisor. [1] Xen is a proper Type 1 hypervisor. [1] https://microkerneldude.wordpress.com/2010/10/14/much-ado-ab... In the Linux vs Xen example, the TCB is much bigger with Linux. The idea is to keep the TCB as small as possible, with an emphasis on restricting the code size that's actually running privileged. Supposedly Jim Keller did work on that, besides Zen. They simply stopped talking about their supposedly awesome new ARM chip. My personal guess is that they're reworking it, targeting RV64G now; Because why bother with ARM licensing. Facebook is an evil company that exists only to profit from harming society. Why not take over the domain name, dismantle the company and put its board on prison? That would make sense. This is a bug and should be fixed. Linux has MILLIONS of lines of code. Please don't. EFI is already bloated as it is. Support efforts like coreboot instead. And FFS, firmware should not persist once the operating system boots. Persistent firmware is cancer. On a Linux .0 release, it's not that uncommon for fs corruption bugs. I remember quite a few of these. Best to only upgrade Linux when the next release is already out (e.g. 4.15 out to consider 4.14). Or just use something else. Absolutely panic in a production environment. Potential data corruption is far worse, so is a potential security compromise. > Linux is used in so many critical systems. It shouldn't be. It's ill suited for that. Look at seL4, minix3, echronos instead. Wayland was already there, and there was nothing wrong with it. OK, maybe there was, but not the bullshit you made up to justify your NiH syndrome alternative. Mir was pointless. Drop it. It should never have existed in the first place. Twitter is turning into a platform for censorship. Or rather, a platform for nothing. RIP Twitter. >there is one thing that cannot be done without a RAM-persisted firmware: any kind of power management. Either do it in the OS, or do it in a separate CPU, such as a microcontroller. >attach animations so the motion is silky smooth Yeah, because there isn't enough latency already. Hell no. Linux is ill suited for that. Look at seL4, minix3, eChronos instead. I had to close within seconds of dealing with this web design, to keep my sanity. Adding that to the pushing of one distribution over the others... way to utterly misunderstand your target market. I doubt they'll be selling many. Morons, the bunch of them. >for linux users >with nvidia graphics Wow. What were they thinking? I'll have to assume every other decision they made is about as moronic. >and only linux Because, screw bsd users. Then there's the model that's branded "for manjaro", a distribution that almost nobody cares about and that every arch user will sneer at. They could get a clue. At least try to understand the target market. I wonder if I'm alone on this. For their examples, I do prefer the literal translation, and I can't stand the "localized" one. Why can't we have some respect for the original work? This is a bad trend in game translations, and sadly does extend further than that. I do hope it comes to pass. Link sends me to some sort of live.com login page. Could someone link a mirror? >refund This is pretty severe. Don't get them get away with it. Sue. In their Vendor List [1] fwupd do provide status of their relationship with a bunch of vendors. Interestingly, it can be deduced from the comments column that fwupd has been proactively contacting vendors to try and get them involved, with varying success. [1] https://fwupd.org/vendorlist > A literal translation of many sentences from Japanese to English (and vice-versa) reorders words to the point of gibberish. To be clear, by not taking liberties what I meant is preserving both meaning and intent. So called localization does often screw with one or the other. Notable because it uses musl and does some hardening, such as building everything as PIE. Musl is a promising glibc replacement. >Number of neurons Ha. That's not intelligence. Cats are superior. Sure, it's slower than glibc at some things. And faster at others. http://www.etalabs.net/compare_libcs.html I believe it better overall. Just encrypt each and every one of your drives. It makes their end of life that much easier. More like unholy. Too little, too late. There's RISC-V now. RISC-V is an ISA, while these high-performance processors are implementations of an ISA. If it was IBM, it could get up there real fast in performance, by reusing power. Unfortunately, they're having issues letting go of the power ISA. >is ReactOS going to keep up with drivers for current hardware? They don't need to. They do implement whatever needed to have ABI compatibility with actual Windows drivers, so the vendor driver should work. ARM is the past, as pretty much every prominent chipmaker currently using ARM is in the RISC-V consortium today, and will be selling chips based on RISC-V tomorrow. They've also uncovered and fixed plenty of bugs in wine, and implemented a lot of missing functionality. Next generation or the one after will likely use RISC-V. >And the ancient supercomputers are now in our pockets Actually, my cheap smartphone is orders of magnitude faster than the ancient supercomputers. Mostly a software issue. I'd never hire someone who has a facebook account. Maybe try a Pentium 4. That's x86 too (!). That was also my intent. Don't go create a fb account to be employable, now. The UX would have to be better than Putty first. Seeing as putty emulates a decent terminal, this isn't going to be trivial. Good riddance. I remember installing it, typing 'help', having a browser pop up as a consequence, then uninstalling it. Definitely not for me. What groping issue? Can you elaborate on this groping issue? https://linux-sunxi.org/Linux_mainlining_effort#Status_Matri... See A64 there. Not quite there yet, but closer than a year ago. Certainly not proud of the purchase... software support is still this bad despite two years already. Not the same thing by far. Matrix is a complex sindicalised protocol, this is a simple centralised chat with encryption. So Photoshop CS5 being usable is a bug? Nothing's changed, still jerks. No hardware docs, no cooperation with the open drivers beyond ensuring distribution install media do work (i.e. basic modesetting). I've always found VLC's UX very awkward. Very happy with mpv.io. On Windows, MPC-HC until it's been abandoned recently; Replaced it with MPC-QT, which is a mpc-hc-like UX but implemented using libmpv. I wish he'd checked some BSDs while at it. They do feel so much more responsive. Do not know whether there's any factual basis to it. This reminded me of Reciprocality/The Programmers' Stone, which I hadn't heardf about in a while. https://www.datapacrat.com/Opinion/Reciprocality/ >The vast majority of use cases are simple enough that the UI doesn't get in the way. I disagree. VLC gets on the way all the time. It is irritating to use. Even the most basic controls do not make sense. Debians do upgrade well from one version to another. I've done a fair amount of upgrades of old servers to current stable. I say: Just break middleboxes. Do it well. Red padlock "TLS connection downgraded because middlebox". This shit shouldn't exist in the first place. Routers shouldn't look past the layer 3 headers of the packet. >In 2017 alone, 434 linux kernel exploits where found, and as you have seen in this post, kernel exploits can be devastating for containerized environments. This is because containers share the same kernel as the host, thus trusting the built-in protection mechanisms alone isn’t sufficient. More than one kernel exploit _per day_. Exploiting Linux is just a matter of finding one such vulnerability and using it. This can be done in a single day. There's just no fixing megabytes of buggy kernel code. It really drives home the need for a proper OS based on a verified, capability-enabled microkernel such as seL4. SMTP belongs in the trash, sure. Whatever happened to the Dark Mail Alliance working on replacing it? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_Mail_Alliance Rather than that basic page that hasn't been updated in forever, it would have been better to link the "Genode Book" https://github.com/nfeske/genode-manual Or a prebuilt version from months ago: https://genode.org/documentation/genode-foundations-17-05.pd... I only learned to ride a bicycle when I was ~15yo. My neuron count must really be low. They do have a point. The more the complexity, the harder it is to keep software (or hardware, which for CPUs is defined as software) bug-free. CISC simply has no place in the networked world, and RISC-V is the best RISC architecture. >Nowadays it just doesn't matter, because CPUs translate ISA to whatever they please. Doing that comes at a cost, which compounds the complexity already added by merit of being CISC in the first place. >To even come close to what a modern processor can do with a certain amount of time and power REQUIRES a ridiculously complicated design. Requires is debatable. If someone manages to match it with a simpler design, it's an improvement. RISC-V open implementations are surprisingly very competitive already. >With a very simple ISA, Seems to imply that this is a minus, but what CISC really means in the present world is that there's a CISC->RISC translation layer, which is not free, and a lot of work passed down to toolchain developers, as they have to generate code for a CISC ISA. In x86/amd64, the complexity is such that no individual can be expected to understand the whole thing, and CPU designers, low level software and compiler developers have to deal with this (and will inevitably screw up). Why this isn't seen as a massive problem baffles me. >Larger code size is not for free either. What larger code size? RISC-V is no worse than x86-64. Refer to: https://riscv.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Tue1130celio-fu... >VLIW In RISC-V parlance, it'd be the new vector extensions. They're pretty cool as they've made the width variable. Refer to 7th workshop proceedings. >micro-ops Are a fancy word. It just means a (hidden) RISC architecture. There's a bunch of RISC architectures out there, but they get down to doing more or less the same things. Most RISC and CISC architectures in use today are evolved from ones existing back in the 80s, and carry a lot of baggage. RISC-V benefits from having a clean slate at this, using the experience of existing ISAs. >can actually combine x86 ISA instruction pairs into a micro-op More complexity, and more tickets for the implementation bug lottery. Simple vs Complex, but same code size. An easy win for simple. It's very nice, indeed. Unlike the established RISC ISAs, this one's created with decades of RISC (and CISC) experience to draw from. I'd of course still have my doubts whether this is going to draw any traction, if it wasn't for the list of RISC-V Foundation members. If you read the rest of the thread, you'd find that both of your points are moot, as RISC-V code density is no worse than x86-64. As for your claims on RISC not making sense, I'll just say it makes more sense than ever, as complexity leads to issues, which could affect security, and security is important in the present networked world. Attacking the reputation of an established exchange seems like a convenient thing to do when you're pushing another exchange. That's great for those with the moral flexibility to work on such a profoundly evil company, for the detriment of mankind. It does and I'm well aware of it. It proposes settling on an idiom rather than a new instruction, for a very common sequence. Very nice and very clean when done as they propose with this RISC ISA. For a very simple explanation, look at the Genode Foundations book (free, available on their website) It sure gets complicated. https://wiki.xen.org/wiki/Virtualization_Spectrum#The_paravi... >People notice it, but few say it. Of course. They'd get fired. You forgot to say "on Linux". For Dragonfly instructions see: https://www.dragonflydigest.com/2018/01/09/20710.html Microsoft should have tested their stupid patch before deploying it. Now, instead of apologizing, they're blaming AMD. And my main system is one such 4790K, which would still have been fine for a few years, but I guess I'm looking at 2019/Zen2 now. That anybody uses these proprietary "chat apps" for anything baffles me. Some chat system that isn't an "app", but rather, where the "app" is just an open source client for a documented, reasonably secure system. EFF's recommendation list is being remade: https://www.eff.org/secure-messaging-scorecard But the old one is still reachable from it. WhatsApp is the one that got bought by facebook, which should be a red flag for those sensible. All the "diversity" nonsense finally shows its consequences. Every time I see openssl rather than libressl getting attention, I'm reminded of how often incompetence is rewarded. EFF recommending Facebook for IM? I want my donations back. I'm interested. Please elaborate on your reasoning. A reminder that the EU is useless in protecting the rights of EU citizens. I used and really liked ganeti[1]. I wish they'd make a release once in a while. I love the way it works, its overall architecture. Very clean and reliable feeling. A bit like a kubernetes for VMs. Install in your favourite distro, assign it a network bridge (eg: br0) and a lvm volume group, and done. All nodes in a cluster do replicate the configurations, and can become the master node at a moment's notice. [1] http://www.ganeti.org/ >From my understanding, it was designed to be a small, verifiable kernel intended for use in applications with high-end reliability requirements (e.g., military, aerospace). It's immediately and very obviously useful for these fields. It is small indeed, because it follows the principle of minimality, introduced by Liedtke's L4. But do not get this wrong: It is a general purpose µkernel. This principle of minimality (the supervisor mode µkernel should only do something if it can't be done by a service in user mode) is the difference between 1st and 2nd generation µkernels. seL4 is a 3rd generation µkernel: It's designed around capabilities. Genode is building a framework to create OSs based on µkernels. They do support many µkernels, but there's been some serious effort put into their seL4 support. Genode isn't quite there yet for this purpose, but does have ambitions of being the base for a general purpose OS. Here's a 2014 update on lessons learned from L4. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdoaFc5-1Rk If at any point you've thought "sure, but doing things like this is slow", then I suggest reading this. http://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ Like most such tools, it isn't comparable to ganeti. protip: If you need this cheatsheet, you shouldn't be doing pentesting. This one, sure. But Germany's had quite a lot of questionable laws to do with free speech for a long time. e.g. If you're familiar with Steam, you might have noticed that a lot of games that are generally available in EU are not specifically in Germany. I'm Catalan. Catalonia has always been big on open source, and if anything I'm surprised this took so long to happen. The mindshare in universities and such is particularly high, and this isn't limited to computer science (my background). Even my high school did at the very least run a Linux server (running at least samba and squid) and had a few Linux workstations. This was 20 years ago. Back when I lived there, I worked in many companies, all of which had near 100% of workstations running Linux, something I now realize is not the case elsewhere. A strong argument nobody's mentioned in the thread yet is that free software support for our language (Catalan) is very good, whereas Windows/OSX support for it is terrible when it exists at all. There's the fact that we do still remember a previous effort where Microsoft released some version of windows in Catalan, I'm not sure if it was 98 or XP era, which was very broken; Microsoft never handled the issues back then, or released any more versions in Catalan, and it left a very bad taste in our mouths. We do care massively about our language, so it'll be very hard to sway anybody in here unless this fact radically changes. There's the Munich experience and the Extremadura experience, so there's mistakes Barcelona can avoid. I hear they're using a popular distribution (Ubuntu) rather than trying to make and maintain a forked one. This is a very clever choice that will save a tremendous amount of pain. I understand what you're saying but keep in mind that when Catalan is not available, the language that tends to be used isn't English, but Spanish. Knowledge of Spanish in Catalonia is not by any metric bad. I don't see where he said it's decreasing. And as I understand it, it's improving. Catalonia's fortunate in that most people are bilingual to begin with, which is known to ease the introduction of other languages considerably. It does however not match mine (and I'm Catalan). We've got university professors of all walks of life with all sorts of views. However, it is true that I've yet to meet one that wasn't favorable to open source. Or legislation. Such as, say, requiring the use of OASIS standards within the administration, and for communication with the administration. "But we don't use libreoffice" is not a valid excuse when libreoffice is free software and available in Catalan for all the major OS platforms. webpositive :) Conversedly, there's higan[1] (formerly bsnes), a multi-system emulator focused on accuracy, even if it's at the expense of speed. A very beefy current CPU is necessary to emulate the sfc/snes. [1] https://byuu.org/emulation/higan/ Maybe Netbsd will be taught next. Wine 3.0 claims to be Windows 7 by default. In my own experience, for desktop/workstation/audio, linux-rt (the -rt patchset) is the kernel to use, hands off. Nevermind the lower latency, it does feel way better to use. It's like using a different operating system, one that's actually a decent desktop OS. I can't help but notice you've not tried standard Debian (raspbian isn't it), archlinuxarm nor, god forbid, any BSD. >I wouldn't think just the rt stuff would make a difference for normal desktop stuff since processes have to opt in to realtime scheduling (and the processes that don't can then be pushed aside to meet deadlines for the RT processes). The same sort of opt-in as in mainline. SCHED_FIFO or SCHED_RR. Yes, it makes a difference even without opting in. By all means. Arch makes trying linux-rt very easy. Try rt-tests on Linux and on Linux-rt. See the examples at: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Realtime_kernel I get spikes beyond a ms within minutes on mainline, on all my hardware. In practice, without even setting SCHED_FIFO or SCHED_RR, I can play sfc(snes) games on higan on linux-rt. This is not possible on mainline, not even with SCHED_FIFO, as even with higher audio buffer sizes, it cuts constantly. Same with audio work with jackd and low latency buffer sizes. >I just use whatever RT features are shipping with current Fedora, and it works well enough for me. No such luck for me, and I've even tried ck's patchset and such. It barely provides any improvement. Yet linux-rt is radically better. And, while unrelated, even the usual disk i/o stalls that plague Linux (on any hardware, using any common distro standard kernel) haven't happened at all to me on linux-rt. It's as if using an entirely different OS. It feels responsive. >I don't miss patching a kernel every couple of weeks as was required back in the bad old days of doing audio on Linux. (Though CCRMA made it easier with their package repository, so it hasn't really required a completely DIY process for many years.) Me neither, as AUR makes linux-rt very convenient. Tangentially related, look into rt-tests (from linux-rt) for scheduler latency tests. See: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Realtime_kernel The effect of the linux-rt patchset is dramatic. I can't see BYOD with MDM. With MDM, it's not YOD. You're just paying for the corporate device out of your pocket, and there's no certainty you'll ever get it back. I'd rather trust something with a formal proof, such as seL4. https://sel4.systems Time to dial down the threading then. When a distribution is centred around a custom desktop environment, I know to avoid that distribution. The article completely glosses over the existence of the Alliance for Open Media[1]. They mention it and go straight into "Can something be done?". To me, the real question: Why should we care about MPEG anymore? It is indeed true that the MPEG approach is dead. Once AV1[2] is out, the open, royalty-free codecs will be the better performing codecs for both audio (Opus[3]) and video. So yes, if MPEG is dead, its components are free to join AOMedia, as long as they leave their silly RAND ideas behind. [1] http://aomedia.org/ . [2] https://aomediacodec.github.io/av1-spec/ [3] https://opus-codec.org/ >Matrix is an excellent, federated post-XMPP/IRC protocol I have my doubts about this. So many IM systems have got this wrong before that there's no reason to give anyone the benefit of the doubt. I, too, have looked at matrix at some point. I setup a server, created a user, joined a couple low traffic rooms in their main server, and found major practical issues on their protocol's behaviour. It had problems with signatures when messages contained a certain field, so some messages appeared and others were missing. This seemed very unorthogonal (why is the payload not just a field of its own? Why do messages have so many fields? Why is the signature code different on both ends?) and left a bad impression. To top it off, the server was making me hit my ISPs (pretty bad ISP) connections per second limit. It was opening connections to hundreds of servers, constantly, which seems like seriously bad for scaling, considering I had only joined two low traffic rooms. So, I fear this is going to be the same Jabber/XMPP bullshit all over again. Apparently, development focus isn't on making the basic protocol perfect, but on UX nonsense and adding features (think "reaction animations" and other such crap) to try and attract the riffraff. No better than your average commercial IM "app". I do strongly hope I'm wrong, but I'll stay in the sidelines for now; I did shut my server down because of the connections per second problem. I might give it another go in the future, once their golang server implementation gets there. I do like the coreboot + lightweight payload (such as u-boot or grub) approach, and simply can't see any benefit of jamming a Linux kernel in; Simplicity is itself value. Even if I were to find their approach appealing (I don't), Linux's monolithic design with no driver APIs doesn't even seem like a good fit for this; NetBSD's kernel size (and its cleaner design, and the RUMP kernels feature), Minix3 (high assurance, unlike Linux) or even Genode are far better suited. But, seriously, we need less, simpler, cleaner code, and this "jam Linux into everything" approach seems nothing less than the old "when you have a hammer, everything looks like a nail" problem. >The Linux Foundation I guess that explains why they're trying to jam Linux into the firmware. >For example, if you fix a bug in an upstream Linux driver needed at boot time Or, for example, if there's a bug in a Linux driver, neither linux nor the bootloader (which is also linux) will work. >With the traditional UEFI setup, you have two separate codebases, each with their own sets of bugs. Except Linux is a multi-megabyte-clusterfuck, and the bootloader likely is simple and easy to understand/debug, and will keep working as long as the hardware it needs to boot remains the same, which is usually the case. You've obviously never read any netbsd code. Fortunately, I have, and I can tell you: Cleaner design. > issue To be clear, it got solved, and it happened several months ago. > the Python/Twisted impl is very heavyweight (but getting better) Constantly near-saturating rpi2 cpu while doing effectively nothing last time I turned it on. (70%+ cpu time). This is why I'm thinking I'll wait for golang until I try again. >Right now the protocol is relatively good Couple questions: - If I delete my server database, start anew, and join a room I used to be in, will I end up in a bad state, or are things more robust these days? I remember reading about it somewhere. - Does the server _still_ solve a bunch of names and open hundreds of connections / server event interval or whatever it was called? >whenever you send a message in a room Just to be clear, I saw this behavior without sending anything to any room. Just by being in the room. If the server interval setting was 5 seconds, it'd literally do hundreds of connections every 5 seconds. homeserver.yaml # The federation window size in milliseconds #federation_rc_window_size: 1000 federation_rc_window_size: 60000 That's how high it needs to be set, apparently. The real issue is the extra item to carry and plug. Headphones -> headphone jack in device is sensible. A dongle isn't. Oh dear, another MLT-based video editor. MLT is seriously bad. They can't even do scale properly. kdenlive is unfortunately also using the MLT Framework, which is terrible (does basic things like scaling horribly). Did you ever try cinelerra[1]? [1] http://cinelerra.org/ Why bother? The so-called high-class are born rich. They never had to work hard for what they have. You can be pretty sure they couldn't. Most poor people do stay poor, after all. If you made your own fortune, then you're objectively better than most of them. In fact, they do not deserve your time. Yes, that's the one and only reason I can think of. Fair enough. It still needs realtime remote directions. I wish they did provide this without the hassle, then I could send somebody to deal with all the social crap so that I don't have to. >when you have a lot of encoder computing resources. There's no reason to think that, after the final spec is published, nobody will work on an optimized encoder. >If it was pretty much anyone else doing this. Look at seL4, minix3, genode, helenos. You might like mpc-qt. The not-really-better nvidia 1030 they're comparing it against is ~$100, making the APU a much better choice indeed. Paywall. I'd look at Dragonfly's stack first, as that's outperforming Linux at the moment. As long as using the pixel art as-is remains an option. So many classic games have been destroyed in this process. Who's involved at the other side of the issue? I hope the EFF gets involved if it isn't already. Particularly, it'd be rude not to, as they're getting quite a lot of donations through Humble Bundle. 70 years is insane to begin with. Keeping art out of the public domain for that long does seem hardly in the interest of the general public. They'd need to justify these 70 years really well. Which they have not. Reads like an ad. There's no need for such an item, much less this specific one. >not for those ten potential roommates it's not. :) But you're doing what makes sense for yourself. Why would you consider a random stranger above yourself in such a situation? Objects don't get the level of protection people do. I lack context. Can some Facebook user describe what this is about for non-facebook users? Training users to download and run dodgy antiviruses when some website says you're infected. What could possibly go wrong. Useless website. Couldn't find specifications anywhere. There's a lot about it that's bad, but the worst is definitely that it allows the firmware to keep running after the OS boots, interfering with its normal operation. Thanks to SMI, the system is non-deterministic: No latency promises can be made. Yes it does, but that's only of historical value by now. Sigh, they had one job, and they managed to screw it up, so we do still have to put up with this. Maybe that's why they're poor: Because they make poor financial decisions. If they keep going to 7-11, they will not get any richer. Because Facebook is doing it at scale. >(fuchsia, etc...) Of all the reasons, I doubt they're working on fuchsia as a GPL license workaround. >the free tier has _unlimited_ history. I sure do hope this is sarcasm. Surely you do know this can go away at any time. >If anyone hear is looking for a true upgrade on the Pi, try the ODROID C2, it's years ahead of the Pi in terms of performance. I'd pick one from here: https://archlinuxarm.org/platforms/armv8 Linux is such a mess that it needs a map. It's no surprise they're paying massive technical debt over it. Work that would take a few hours in a well-structured system does take months on Linux. Isn't surprising either that Dragonfly BSD's outperforming Linux in network throughput, despite its small number of developers. They went for a components as concurrent lockless system servers approach [1] instead of a complex mess of fine-grained locks like Linux (and FreeBSD, following them) did. [1] https://www.dragonflybsd.org/presentations/ I know there's something more recent I've seen, but I couldn't find it. This is what I found, which should show enough. http://lists.dragonflybsd.org/pipermail/commits/2017-Septemb... https://www.dragonflydigest.com/2017/03/06/19425.html >and there linux has a higher latency, but the performance throughput is not that different from dragonflybsd. Same throughput, better latency, a dragonfly win. Probably the same reasoning as usual (Linux likes to spend tens of milliseconds non-preemptable every now and again). Friendly reminder DirectX is a proprietary windows-specific API, with its associated lock-in. Don't fall for such simple trap. Something I can't figure out from Mastodon's website is where and how it uses cryptography. I fear it might all be plaintext, despite the insanity of doing that in the present post-Snowden world, rather than the appropriate end-to-end combined with point-per-point encryption. Not surprised. Note the Linux results, while looking good compared to what's even worse, are still terrible. Missing are the results for the BSDs. I'm particularly interested on Dragonfly BSD. Maybe I'll try them myself when 5.2 is out, which will be soon. They're neither "followers-only" nor "private" if there's no encryption. Even if both me and my followers do run their own Mastodon servers. This is terrible indeed. How is this any better than twitter? At least, for private tweets and such, they'd need a court order to get the information from twitter. It's not RISC-V. They want you to adopt some exotic, proprietary ISA. And they've forever been doing a poor job of it. Not a chance. Liedtke was right. If it can be done outside the kernel, it shouldn't be in the kernel. Mastodon does everything signed and unencrypted. This includes followers-only and private messages. I can't in good faith recommend Mastodon. Sure, but does that include followers-only and private messages? Also, lack of encryption allows for selective censorship on the fly. >Why does it need to be signed and encrypted? We have PGP, Signal and Co. for that Note it IS signed. It's just not encrypted. It needs to be encrypted, too, because it's the reasonable expectation when private messages and followers-only messages exist. Additionally... should I be some location and post something, I'd be broadcasting my location, even if that isn't intended. All because it's not encrypted, where it should be. >Mastodon is as trustworthy as your instance administrator, so you'll have to find a place where you can trust your admin. That'd be true if it was peer-to-peer encrypted. But it is not; all messages are plaintext on the wire. Note metadata includes where someone is posting from. Connect to post something without encryption means your location is revealed to anybody observing the network. This is indeed dangerous. >Twitter by default broadcasts everything you write to the entire world! To be fair, at least your connection to twitter is encrypted. This means that an observer can't tell it's your IP that's posting on twitter as you. That is, your location. Thus twitter is actually better. A court order would be needed for them to disclose IP addreses, at least. >Can you tell me how and where you would broadcast your location via Mastodon? For a network observer, your IP address, associated with your account name. >I don't think restricting a message to followers is an applicable model for e2ee But requiring TLS between clients and servers, and between servers (for the federation), is applicable. >Direct messages yes, I can see the point in that. The average joe expects direct messages to really be private. If they're not, that's bad. If a message is sent through an unencrypted connection, anybody sniffing the network gets: - Your message - Your account name - Your ip address (thus location) - The time at which this happens If the message is sent through an encrypted connection, but the federation connection between the servers is unencrypted, a powerful enough observer could still deduce the above. So, what NVIDIA is saying is: All your gaming brands do now belong to us. Or else. Somewhat related, Minix3 finally fixed the release blocker for 3.4.0. Expect a release soon, for the first time in years. And it's a major one. Wikipedia article[1] has a list of changes, based on the rc. See the column at the right. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MINIX_3#History See https://github.com/Stichting-MINIX-Research-Foundation/minix... It "only" delayed Minix 3.4 for 2 years. >TLS is required in Mastodon for all transport. Citation needed. I was told it's optional in a recent thread. >They're not "really private" in... Doesn't address the argument you quoted: >The average joe expects direct messages to really be private. If they're not, that's bad. >Mastodon doesn't technically require it That's a serious issue. If plaintext is allowed, then expect getting people to downgrade to plaintext will be trivial, because "it just works". It's a serious mistake, but a well understood one by today. Mastodon is relatively new, and they should have known better than to do this. Fair. In this case, do the right thing and disable private messages. Either offer it properly or do not offer it at all. It's irresponsible otherwise. Common misconception. I suggest this article. https://blog.darknedgy.net/technology/2016/01/01/0/ An example of: No pain, no gain. I find CPU easy, but the heatsink is absolutely the hardest. pc-kombo doesn't seem to have a way to disable buying Windows. It screws the calculations, because it picks one among several versions of different prices. A shame. It's confusing. Now I see there's just a windows logo, but no actual windows pre-picked. Why not put something else than a windows logo in there, when it's not filled? I'm not good at this sort of thing, so all I can do is suggest not using the logo of an actual, specific, operating system. Money talks. Specs where? I couldn't figure out what SoC it has, how much RAM, or even whether it's any better than their existing Omnia. Why link his personal website instead of LKML, where we could actually read the replies from Linus and other kernel devs? >until you give an actual honest-to-goodness reason for why you tied the two features together What's the point of trying to explain this outside of LKML? Convince third parties? He needs to convince Linus in LKML, rather than this sad attempt at brigading. Linus seems perfectly fine with the implementation. Except for it being tied to UEFI boot. Story's headline. There Nestlé represents money (look Nestlé up if in doubt). Public opinion is worthless next to Nestlé's wishes. Paywall. Summary? He's likely referring to XFS, which meets the requirement. Way to lose trust. Paywall. The highlight being the Stable HAMMER2 filesystem, now used by default. >materially superior To AV2, that is. I don't expect this to stop at AV1. As compressing more gets harder and harder, a significant enough improvement to tempt people into using a royalty-encumbered codec is unlikely to happen ever again. Thank you. So it uses an ARMv8 SoC, while the Turris uses ARMv7, making the Mox better. >slowness Worth noting that's because Mach IPC is extremely slow, an order of magnitude slower than L4 family. Minix3 -> NiH QNX -> Proprietary They should have used seL4. As to how bad I find this is: It's more than enough to close the account. If in the receiver end I can't disable this, this is it. The USB support isn't quite there yet (major rework didn't make it this release) but otherwise this is a pretty good release with massive progress in actual usefulness. Isn't MSDOS.SYS a binary? Are you sure you don't mean CONFIG.SYS? I can't understand not using eChronos, seL4 or RTEMS. That's for identity in the iot. Which should be alright, as IoT implies designing both hardware and software. Interesting, never knew that. When shopping for SBCs, I find archlinuxarm's supported devices list very useful. https://archlinuxarm.org/platforms For ARMv8 specifically: https://archlinuxarm.org/platforms/armv8 I had to dig this deep to get any specs: https://docs.onion.io/omega2-docs/omega2.html And even then, it doesn't even tell me the very basics, such as what SoC does it use. When it's this bad, it's automatic discard. Disgusting indeed. Way to make the library pointlessly Linux-specific by using epoll(), Linux NiH nonsense and actually worse than the excellent kqueue(). All I'm saying is that they shouldn't have relied on a linux-specific syscall in the first place. Whatever were they thinking. I'm not sure what you mean. From the time AMD released the K7 'Athlon' CPU, until the time Intel released Core2, AMD was king of performance. That's a long spawn of time. To understand why Intel kept selling CPUs like pancakes despite this, check this out: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osSMJRyxG0k That's great for those with the moral flexibility to work on such a profoundly evil company, for the detriment of mankind. This hurts to see. Poor C64. >the domain name is still clear text in the SNI field Something which could have been fixed on TLS 1.3, but didn't happen. Very unfortunately. Will they also clear the data for facebook non-users, such as myself? People who can't take criticism and instead do e.g. get offended should just be given the boot. The question is just how many have access and aren't bragging about it. Sexist and racist codes of conduct do understandably make people uncomfortable. This is the "You have died of Dysentery" one. Or just hang up automatically. >Unprivileged user namespaces had some security bugs in their initial Linux implementation, and some Linux distribution maintainers are still wary of keeping them enabled. Unsurprising. These are all a pile of hacks to try and fail at making up for the fact Linux doesn't support capabilities (not to be confused with POSIX Capabilities). Fortunately, projects such as seL4 and Genode do exist, so it might be possible to, at some point, run a browser on an actually sane environment. Linux Capabilities are POSIX Capabilities, which are a very different thing, with a quite misleading name. From the wikipedia capabilities article[1]: >Capabilities as discussed in this article should not be confused with POSIX 1e/2c "Capabilities". Also refer to the Genode Foundations[2] book, chapter 3.1. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capability-based_security [2] https://genode.org/documentation/genode-foundations-17-05.pd... Running mainline Linux is way harder as it requires decent support most android devices do not have. Linux almost implies Android will also work. It'll surely be an option. A wrapper around Netbsd's RUMP kernels would be my first choice for a transition solution. You'd be surprised how many Linux drivers (new and old) actually come from netbsd or freebsd. >Windows Barely runs on x86, and some very specific armv8 SoCs. And yet the BSDs have plenty of drivers. How is that possible? No, the GPL isn't magic. While it won't necessarily help you with this, AMD has support in all Zen CPUs, not just the EPYC server series. This makes sense. What's usually true with public transport is that: 1. High % of the cost of running it is due to the fare system. 2. The infrastructure is paid with tax money and yet only rich people (as in, able to pay the fare) can benefit from it. So, it should really be free to use. I'm from there. It's not that bad, but not looking out of place helps considerably. There's not much violent crime, so just keep your wits about you; You'll be fine :) I'd make a law so that ISPs can't be content/media providers at the same time. Got to end this insanity. I do like thttpd too, but chroot() is no replacement for pledge(). sthttpd is a maintained fork. OSI Approved license. GPLv2. https://gitlab.com/GrafX2/grafX2/blob/master/LICENSE