It doesn't applies to every products (and it's probably different depending on which country you live in) but you also have to check if it's a "best before" or a "used by" date. I've ate dairy products 1-2 weeks after the "best before" date and they were exactly like the day I bought them. If it doesn't smell / looks funky it's usually fine to eat. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expiration_date Milk goes bad much quicker once opened though, check if they have smaller bottles available. It's often more expensive per liter but at least it doesn't end up in the sink. > being so exhausted that the rest of the night is down the drain. You're only exhausted after a 30 min workout when you have 0 physical training. After a few weeks it'll have the opposite effects. As developers our body is rotting away day by day, if I didn't push myself to exercise the most physical thing I'd do most of the days is pull a door to open it. Even a set of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a stretch mat will be miles ahead of doing nothing. It's very insidious because you can be passive all your youth with almost no side effects, but all those years of passivity will come back at us when we hit 50, 60, 70. It sounds very tough on your joints, did you consider swimming ? Cycling ? Rowing machines ? It's not all about the numbers, the only diets / workouts that work are the ones you can keep as a lifestyle. My question might sound aggressive but I've always been fascinated by seemingly smart people making that kind of point. Are you saying that having to take a shower is enough of an annoyance that you'd skip on a life time of benefits in almost every measurable health / well being metrics ? I run to and from the gym (~15 min), mostly do compound exercises like ohp / squat / deadlift / bench press for 1-2 hours 3 times a week. I'm usually home before 9PM and cook / continue with my day. Unless you have to chop wood when you get back home you'll be fine. Even after bouldering for hours to the point of not being able to hold a glass of water in my hand I've never been "so exhausted that the rest of the night is down the drain.", and I'm far from being a genetic freak or a good athlete. I used to be your average 70kg skinny fat teen, that was 4 years ago when I decided to do something to not end up like all the chubby 30+ years old guys I was seeing daily and who were unable to go up 4 flights of stairs without panting, at some point you have to take decisions for yourself. It's not some bs like "you can be the next Einstein/Musk/Bezos if you try hard enough", there is no luck involved, no barrier to entry. The hard truth is that there is no magic bullet, no quick ways to do it, you just have to get up and move, be it cycling, lifting weight, running, swimming. It's pure lack of motivation/confidence, once you get started everything falls in place and gets easier. 3 or 4 hours of quality workout a week, even at home, will change your body in a few month and you'll never look back. And if you can't find 3 or 4 hours a week to take care of your most precious physical possession (your body) I guess you have bigger issues to take care of. Yes please, let's remove everything that makes life worth living so we have more time for work and media consumption. The trend of micro managing/optimising our lives is really getting out of control. Dating apps are already dehumanising most of the dating process, let's see how bad we can make it. I wonder if people in the future will be able (or even know that it's possible) to start discussions with the opposite sex outside of dating apps. Yeah sure, if you see dating as an end it makes sense to use these apps. For me it's most about meeting people, talking, learning etc ... it's part of the thrill. "But you can do that on tinder too", nah, being face to face explicitly for a date changes everything, people are not themselves in these conditions. I don't want to meet people I "matched" because we watch the same shows, listen to the same music, have the same hobbies. That's not bad per say but I'd much rather learn that organically, even if it ends up being a "waste of time". I feel like reading a tinder profile + the first convo is removing most of the fun of meeting someone. > Ever go out to try and meet women? I don't go out with the intent of finding a date but if something happens I'll go with the flow. I met my last 2 ltr like that and learned a lot from it / them. Sure if you compare that to having 3 dates a week on tinder my numbers look low, but I also avoid all the shit I don't want to put up with. > You just have to remember easy come, easy go. Yes, that's exactly what I don't like about these apps, you'll always have the occasional "I met my wife/husband on tinder" but it's mostly short term things. My personal theory is that the more people you date / the easier it is to find a mate, the less you'll engage and the faster you'll get disappointed / bored and go look somewhere else. It's always more exciting to start a new relationship than to face and overcome hardships in a newish one. > My suspicion is that dating apps are so easy to hate because they bring to the surface what dating really is. You could be right, I haven't dated many people so I'm probably extremely biased. All I can tell is that it saddens me to listen to the tinder stories of my friends and see them glued to their tinder app when I meet them in real life, it brings them way more issues than happiness. If you work full time, ask your boss to pay you at the same hourly rate and drop your working hours until you get paid current salary - 1000$. Then use that time read, meet new people, start new hobbies until you find one that sticks, go to the gym, start indoor rock climbing, boxing, painting, whatever. basically, train your mind (on something other than tech), and your body to get the best of it. Do whatever you like as long as it's not 100% mindless media consumption and you'll feel fulfilled. I'm inclined to think that the most rewarding things in life are the one you handle yourself, paying someone to clean your room (instead of doing it yourself) or to tell you how to exercise (instead of learning about anatomy and reading about bodybuilding online for example) won't bring you the same fulfilment. Don't focus on "productivity" or "getting things done", it's life, as long as you can afford food an a roof over your head you're good to go. You won't remember your perfect workout program or your shiny new side project of the month in 5 years. If you can spend 1k$ on "productivity" you probably aren't in a bad situation money wise, enjoy that, you already don't have to think about problems faced by 90% of the world population. Automating / delegating / micro managing your life is the best way to make it more stressful imho, it very easily gets out of control and ironically becomes your life's focus. The only road to happiness is a sound mind in a sound body, and the probability you'll get that through a carrier is slim. I highly recommend reading these: https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius Impressive results. I don't have much to contribute to the article itself (I mostly shoot film) but I've always been fascinated by the Hasselblad XPAN: https://www.35mmc.com/25/06/2017/hasselblad-xpan-ii-review/ Some people are insanely creative with it, healthy reminder that photography isn't all about pixel peeping : https://i.redd.it/m7z6wm2idiw01.jpg I recently started reading texts from Seneca, Marcus Aurelius and Ralph Waldo Emerson and to me it seems that, no mater the epoch, people are facing the same problems and asking themselves the same questions. You don't have to look very far to find answers to these issues, people have been working on them for at the very least the last 2000 years "Nothing, Lucilius, is ours, except time. We were entrusted by nature with the ownership of this single thing, so fleeting and slippery that anyone who will can oust us from possession. What fools these mortals be! They allow the cheapest and most useless things, which can easily be replaced, to be charged in the reckoning, after they have acquired them; but they never regard themselves as in debt when they have received some of that precious commodity, – time! And yet time is the one loan which even a grateful recipient cannot repay." https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/Let... The first step is to be conscious of it so you're on the right track. You could try to set time limits on these apps from your phone settings and reduce the time allowed week by week until you feel comfortable with your usage. You could even block them on your router. It's similar to other addictions, you'll have some withdrawal symptoms for a while but once you're through you won't look back. But I think deep down the issue is that you don't have something meaningful to do with your time, something that you really, deeply value doing over mindless browsing. It kind of reminds me of Freund's death drive [1] (in a sense of being attracted to passivity / mindless consumption). You should probably try to find new activities, be it sports, associations, art, or even other more mindful media consumption. Also, cut down on screen time before bed, it impacts sleep quality, which impacts energy levels, and from there it's a negative self reinforcing loop. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_drive Well, aren't we all powered by organic decision making algorithms ? Can it be emulated with our current tech / knowledge ? maybe, maybe not. In the end it all boils down to: is intelligence / consciousness 100% material[0]. If it's the case it would be theoretically possible to replicate it. In practice it's much more complex. If these principles can't be explained by materialism I think we'll have even bigger questions to answer. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Materialism also see: https://computing.dcu.ie/~humphrys/philosophy.html It highly depends and what you're doing, most people don't face the same issues as "major companies" like Netflix, Google, Uber etc ... Yet a lot of people chose their stack based on these companies and you end up with over engineered solutions which are slower / harder to maintain than smaller / less hyped technologies. Sure, but I don't think anyone can say with confidence "machines will never think" or similar things (unless we're debating about the definition of "thinking"). I remember reading that people who worked on "flying machines" said it wouldn't be possible to have heavier than air planes before decades or centuries (or even ever), little did they now that they already existed for a few months but the news didn't came to them yet. Bouldering has that effect on me. Give it a try if there is a gym close to you Well, there is "rich" and "rich". For Tech workers salaries are a lot for most people. I'm in my early 20s and make more than my dad ever made. After a quick google search I found these links, no idea of how serious they are though. I'm sure someone making 30k a year thinks people earning 50k / 75k / 126k (nbrs from the article) are "rich". https://www.truthdig.com/articles/more-than-half-of-u-s-wage... https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-10-22/middle-class-destr... Easier access to data + negative bias[0] = people thinking the world is a shit show (don't get me wrong it probably is in a lot places). That's what happens when you're blasted 24/7 with news about kidnappings / rapes / killings / terrorist attacks / natural disasters happening in far away places and which have 0 impact on your daily life & community. [0] https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/articles/200306/our-brain... Talk about a first world problem. Some people would benefit from taking a few steps back and a good hard look at themselves. "Search the minds of those who cry down what they have desired, who talk about escaping from things which they are unable to do without; you will comprehend that they are lingering of their own free will in a situation which they declare they find it hard and wretched to endure." It depends how you see things. imho some things are intrinsically wrong, doing them because "someone else would have lined up to take advantage of the opportunities" doesn't change the fact that it's wrong in the first place. Just the same way that if something wrong is done by a lot of people it doesn't make it right (smoking, drinking &c.). - spend - cook your own meals. - don't buy useless shit. - if you have to buy something, buy good quality. Every single goal you have is just the next step on a ladder, as soon as you hit it there will be another one. You'll forget you even worked to get there, and focus on the next step, thinking "ah if only I were there, I'd be happy". It never stops, it gets increasingly harder and depressing unless you are aware of it. As far as I can tell a lot of people never understand that until very late in their life. Most people in the world are living with way less than what you have, it's just a matter of perspective. If you think material things will help you feel better you're plain wrong. As long as you have food, a roof over your head and some sort of community you're good to go. Books are one of the best thing we have to transmit experiences but it's far from a 1:1 process. Two people can read the same book but take away diametrically opposed things due to their own experiences / expectations. You can read all the books and notes about WW1 battles, you'll never come close to feel what they felt in the trenches. afaik nicotine is the addictive substance in cigarettes but it's not the most dangerous. + Inhaling any burned matter / fumes will have an impact the lungs. "Cigarette smoke contains over 7,000 chemical compounds, including arsenic, formaldehyde, cyanide, lead, nicotine, carbon monoxide, acrolein, and other poisonous substances. Over 70 of these are carcinogenic." [0] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cigarette Do you have any source for "That is one of the reasons why people who work in the food industry all smoke so much." ? As far as I can tell most low wage / manual labor jobs are plagued with cigarette smoking because it allows more breaks / and it's a way to kill time. Here in germany a lot of 30s people picked up smoking during their mandatory military service (cigarettes were free to avoid creation of black markets, people who smoked had more breaks + herd behavior) Well, between smartphones, desk jobs, lack of proper physical activity there is definitely more people with rounded shoulders and "smartphone necks". And to be honest I don't think anyone read the newspaper for 3+ hours a day [0] It's especially damaging for kids (still growing + somewhat more malleable bones / joints). [0] https://www.emarketer.com/content/mobile-time-spent-2018 I don't know, I have a hard time thinking someone would go: "I better start smoking these cancer inducing sticks, I've read studies proving they reduce appetite". I doubt people go out of there way to start new addictions voluntarily, but maybe I'm too hopeful. I was going to say the same thing. It's almost exactly the same as Uber, open the app, enter a destination, a taxi picks you up and you pay through the app when you're done. In Berlin prices are very similar. Shouldn't it be something like: countries censorship on the app store ? When I see the cost of living / quality of life in SV I'm glad I'm back in Europe. You do you, but for me salary isn't everything: social security, work hours, amount of vacation days, parental leaves, job security, commute time, &c. > It's the best way to share art Right, first off the quality of pics on IG is abysmal, not even talking about the aspect ratio limitation. And on top of that you have to search very hard to find actual og content on instagram, everyone is copying the trend of the week/month thinking they're hip [0]. It's like watching straight to DVD movies for their artistic value. There are two kind of people on ig: - narcissistic people who live through their projections, seeking approval from strangers / acquaintances. - advertisers / "influencers" trying to brainwash [0] https://www.boredpanda.com/social-media-instagram-identical-... And I'm the first to agree with that, I shot 35mm film and scan it myself. But not to the extent of jpeg compression artefacts and ultra low resolution, just look at that [0], you can barely distinguish anything besides blurry blobs of colors (it's displayed even smaller on the actual IG feed). I hate pixel peeping, but imho the only way that pic would look decent is on a 4" display. [0] https://scontent-frx5-1.cdninstagram.com/vp/5390bf9a135306a5... > They are going to make with or without approval Well yeah that's the whole point. If you "make" to show you're not a "maker" you're a "shower". IG is purely built for attention seekers / self centered people and wouldn't exists without them. (it's always a form of narcissism / virtue signalling / showing off You can be happy they share their stuff on instagram but it doesn't change the underlying reason of why it is shared. > I wonder which forces are at play who intend to convince us that lowering our standards of living is cool? I wonder which forces are at play who intend to convince us that continuing living with our current standards is sustainable. No judgement from me if you do choose to do these things, though. I do see the appeal. Maybe there is no conspiracy, maybe it is a coping mechanism. When did we consciously decided that : - having thousands of cars running around us constantly while emitting toxic gases - wrapping everything in multiple layer of plastic packaging - eating meat at every meal - same day delivery / drone delivery - getting food delivered by people getting paid sub minimum wage - crypto currencies consuming ridiculous amount of energy for basically nothing - spending 8 hours a day sitting in front of a computer developing solutions for mega corps exploiting human behaviours to make money &c. were good things ? "Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them." You do realise that this is the epitome of first world problems though ? I wonder what will be next when most people will have reached that level of quality of life. Look at what's "trending", look at what's popular, I'm not talking about the .01%. The .01% don't affect society. It wasn't against your lifestyle or even about van life or tiny houses, but more about the fact that what we perceive as "improved standards of living" have no logical foundations and aren't actually improving our lives. > My current company also recently introduced a Mindfulness workshop only this time it was really a basic meditation workshop which I enjoyed. I find it extremely weird for companies to offer these things. The only reason they'd do it is to boost their own productivity / margin / whatever. As in "be healthy because we need your ass on that chair and your brain working on our problems". There is already a thin enough line between personal and professional life. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/jan/31/mindfu... Culture is often like that, "For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction" seems to apply to a lot of things. When you're overwhelmed by tech, constant notifications of any kind, advertisement everywhere (in real and digital life), mindless media consumption, work and wantrepreneur culture &c. I easily get why people want a break from that, weirdly enough it seems that we're easily attracted by extremes. That's if you limit the scope of the article to IT only though. If you extend the scope to your entire life it's vastly different. It's easy to feel smart because you have all the (written) knowledge of the world at the tips of your fingers at any time. I know people who constantly talk about articles they read earlier in the day, etc ... information get diluted from 10s studies, to an article, to a recap of the article this guy read, to this guy talking about the 10% of the article he remembers. Sure it's fun and interesting but it's not "learning" or "knowledge", in 2 weeks he won't even remember it. You're free to see it how you like. I personally see it as one step in the direction of work totalitarianism where everything you do is thoroughly designed for workplace productivity. I have no doubt that if megacorps started to build bedrooms in their offices (even with bunkbeds) and offered them for free a lot of people would gladly move in there permanently without even thinking about the big picture. But again, you do you, and you set your own boundaries. > It opens perspectives, and opportunities. I completely agree on that, but as you said, there is just so many things to read / watch / learn, and it's so easily reachable that we often end up with "choice paralysis". I don't have a crystallised opinion on the subject but instinctively I'd argue that picking a few topics and getting a good in depth knowledge of them is more valuable than splitting your attention span on so many things that in 10 years from now you won't really have anything to show. Personally I see that as any other kind of distractions, it's easy to hop on from topics to topics, learn the absolute minimum about it, get our quick fix of dopamine making us feel good about "learning something" while you haven't actually learned anything valuable and will most likely forget about it in the next days or weeks. Not saying that we should avoid that at all cost, but it's nice to be aware of it. Edit: seems like I could end all my posts by a quote from Seneca. "Accordingly, since you cannot read all the books which you may possess, it is enough to possess only as many books as you can read. "But," you reply, "I wish to dip first into one book and then into another." I tell you that it is the sign of an overnice appetite to toy with many dishes; for when they are manifold and varied, they cloy but do not nourish. So you should always read standard authors; and when you crave a change, fall back upon those whom you read before." https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/Let... > Anyone mad at a company for not pay taxes is misdirecting their anger. Companies follow the law. If you don't like the law elect different politicians. Don't get mad at companies that follow the law. Either way it's a symptom of a rotten system. Ah, the famous "you can't criticize X because you're Y". You should be careful with that, it rarely leads to healthy opinions. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Identity_politics Tech work is becoming bleaker by the day. I don't think we'll go very far, as a society, by dehumanising work more than it already is. > Pushing more and more people to go to college isn't going to raise productivity. "Every appeal for productivity comes from above. But only creativity is spontaneously rich. It is not from ’productivity’ that a full life is to be expected, it is not ’productivity’ that will produce an enthusiastic collective response to economic needs." > Time ago the high end was above 500$ In the meantime "gamers" went from 30fps/720p to 120fps/4k. Just like new entry cars are more expensive than 40 years ago, the baseline moved much higher. (security, speed, standard equipment). > Let us talk about death. It is about time. I can't think of a single topic which has been discussed as mush as death throughout history. Afaik death is seen that way through the current western philosophy, but it's far from the norm. In other places / at other times death was celebrated or at least seen as an inherent part of life (and as such, not something to be afraid of). I find the current western fixation of trying to keep people alive at all cost much more disturbing than death itself. Interesting texts on the subject: - The game of black and white (p29): https://terebess.hu/english/AlanWatts-On%20The%20Taboo%20Aga... - https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/Let... - https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/Let... - https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/Let... What speakers / headphones are you using ? Switch off the active noise cancelation if you haven't. It's not the best headset in town but it should be more than enough to hear the difference. edit: the switch at 6:10 is very noticeable to me (shure se215) but tbh they both sounds bad, and it sounds just as bad on spotify so youtube's compression isn't the culprit > the Beats earmuffs > the Apple earbuds They're fashion statement, most people don't care about sound quality. Unless you have a proper sound card / dac and a really nice headset I doubt investing in FLAC will transcend your listening experience. On top of that most people listen from their phone, during commute, at the gym etc ... no need for flac in these conditions. It's the same thing with photography, you can get a 300$ dslr that has more options than any slr. Yet the vast majority of people will be happy with their phone camera. It all boils down to the fact that the human body wasn't engineered to sit / lay down 23hr/day. Start moving, go for walks, do some calisthenics at home, buy some resistance bands for home workouts, get a stationary bike, anything is better than nothing. Depending on your kid(s) age, go to the swimming pool / parks / hikes / bouldering gym / &c. with them. > 8 to 10 hour a day dev here Cut that to a healthier amount. > The price of insulin is already rising That really is a sad state of affair, insulin is cheap to produce and we shouldn't live in a world where such a basic medicine is controlled by for profit organizations. At least in countries with a proper health system the cost isn't impacting on an individual level. https://beyondtype1.org/how-much-does-it-cost-to-produce-ins... > So what? An increase in housing supply results in lower prices for everyone. If the "rich" are buying a condo in location A, that means they're likely not buying that condo in location B. That means the price has to be lowered since now A and B are competing. If A and B are competing for rich people, that means less "rich people" demand in location C. This kind of intuition rarely work in real life though. People migration flows and the housing market isn't a A+B=C type of problem. > She is an irrational actor Human beings are deeply irrational, not everything has to be tweaked for maximum output / productivity / efficiency / optimisation. If you can't convince your manager that it's in their interest for you to have a custom schedule just stick to the mandatory schedule and call it a day. If they don't care about your productivity certainly you shouldn't care either (that's obviously different if you're self employed) Tech workers are the new factory workers, don't make it more complex than it already is, do your job, go home, enjoy life. > your 45,50+ because you want that promotion or bonus isn't paid. Made me think of : "The new proletarian sells his labour power in order to consume. When he's not flogging himself to death to get promoted in the labour hierarchy, he's being persuaded to buy himself objects to distinguish himself in the social hierarchy." http://library.nothingness.org/articles/SI/en/display/31 Until you break the cycle. You can live a good life on 3 hrs of work a day as a developer. Working full time in today's world is complete non sense. But people who see everything through the lens of consumption have a long way to go I guess. "When economic necessity is replaced by the necessity for boundless economic development, >>> the satisfaction of primary human needs is replaced by an uninterrupted fabrication of pseudo-needs You are replacing 1000 low-skilled sweatshop workers > It's a complete win Complete win for who exactly ? How do you reconcile automation and the current economy of consumption ? As far as I can tell they don't work hand in hand very well. These 1000 workers will still want their part of the cake, to do so you'll have to get them new jobs. I wouldn't be surprised if every time we go through a cycle of automation we also go one layer deeper in the "bullshit jobs" creation. It's all fun and games until you have to take into consideration the soci-economical aspect of automation. "Automation, the most advanced sector of modern industry as well as the model which perfectly sums up its practice, drives the commodity world toward the following contradiction: the technical equipment which objectively eliminates labor must at the same time preserve labor as a commodity and as the only source of the commodity. If the social labor (time) engaged by the society is not to diminish because of automation (or any other less extreme form of increasing the productivity of labor), then new jobs have to be created. Services, the tertiary sector, swell the ranks of the army of distribution and are a eulogy to the current commodities; the additional forces which are mobilized just happen to be suitable for the organization of redundant labor required by the artificial needs for such commodities." - The society of spectacle. What would be the end goal of such a system ? Looks to me like a rat race. Not completely off topic, but not really serious either : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem I genuinely can't tell if you're passive aggressive and referencing the author of the quote as "pathetic economists", I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. Either way, look at the past 40 years of so of technical progress, it's mostly driven by personal power/wealth quests and has nothing to do with bettering society. People are still working as much as before (actually, society as a whole is working more), but instead of working for survival they're doing it for an enhanced form of survival which mostly consist of buying (gadgets) and consuming ("culture"). The need of buying an iphone n+1 keeps you going day in, day out while the new netflix show distracts you just enough to keep you sane until your next shift. IG / FB reminds you that "if you keep going you'll make it, eventually, maybe. Oh and btw don't forget to buy these new shoes that _influencer_xyz_ talked about". Amazon, Facebook, Apple, Netflix, Instagram, are enabler / distributer of mindless consumption, be it physical or "cultural". They're not bettering the world in any way. Meanwhile people in the US, one of the most powerful country/economy don't have a proper public health system and have horrendous working conditions. Keep in mind that as tech workers we're relatively immune to most of these things, we're generally above the daily struggle of the _true_ working class (flexible work hours, chill offices, good salaries, job safety) The entire world economy is based on work<>consume, if you remove half of the equation thinking that the system is going to self-regulate I doubt you fully grasp the issue. But hey, everything that's not full blow neoliberalism has to be communism, right. That's an honourable goal but automation was supposed to deliver* us in the 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, 00s etc .... It never happened and will never happen with the current world economy. These things are mutually exclusive. https://hbr.org/2016/02/todays-automation-anxiety-was-alive-... https://scholar.lib.vt.edu/ejournals/SPT/v7n3/hong.html https://timeline.com/robots-have-been-about-to-take-all-the-... * or destroy, depending on who you listen to "It happens to be enough money to cover your basic needs such as food and shelter. You can afford to go out a couple of times a month to a dinner and a movie. You can even take your 3 weeks of vacation in a tropical paradise." I doubt these things have any impacts on happiness. They are merely temporary quick fixes to a deeper problem. Just like weekend-ends keep you going through the week, vacations keep you going through the year, they are safety valves. You can't be "happy" if you constantly live in expectancy of escaping everyday life. What human beings are in deep need is meaning, not leisure. Especially in our times, leisure is cheap and plentiful. Well, it has to be a doomsday prediction, the elite has a very strong interest in keeping the common folks at work. A receding economy is bad, for the people in charge, and the only way to keep it from receding is to increasingly consume, which means increasingly produce. Companies care about your (mental) health when it's in their direct interest (by paying for mindfulness seminars, ping pong tables, free snacks and other bs), but that's just a way to keep people in check. You don't have to have a PhD in socio-economics to know that working less directly translates to improved well-being, but well-being isn't going to buy the new porsche and prove the other participants of the global rat race that you're definitely better than them. "Whereas during the primitive stage of capitalist accumulation “political economy considers the proletarian only as a worker,” who only needs to be allotted the indispensable minimum for maintaining his labor power, and never considers him “in his leisure and humanity,” this ruling- class perspective is revised as soon as commodity abundance reaches a level that requires an additional collaboration from him. Once his workday is over, the worker is suddenly redeemed from the total contempt toward him that is so clearly implied by every aspect of the organization and surveillance of production, and finds himself seemingly treated like a grownup, with a great show of politeness, in his new role as a consumer. At this point the humanism of the commodity takes charge of the worker’s “leisure and humanity” simply because political economy now can and must dominate those spheres as political economy. The “perfected denial of man” has thus taken charge of all human existence." - The society of spectacle Homeless people and people living on social wellfare are seen as a pest pretty much everywhere in western societies. https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/the-containment-plan/ That's a top city in one of the most powerful / rich country in the world, you don't have to look very far to find other examples. I think he references the fact that in the US you get official forms from the gov that asks (as far as I remember): Race: - white - black - hispanic - other Like when you get your driver license or open a bank account. Coming from Europe I was surprised by such a question. Racial issues run very deep in the US. Besides the ego trip it's a pretty eye opening article. I didn't think Google had such internal issues. "No biggie, let's do it your way", there is no point of being passive aggressive or showing resentment. It's a job, have discussions, not arguments. Chances are whatever you're arguing about now won't matter in 6 months. And if it does come back in a bad way you have public records clearing you off. > Getting in a pointless PR argument is one of the soul crushing reality developers face everyday. Happened to me a few times in my previous company, moving to a new job with less man childs and power maniacs fixed everything. It's not an issue a PR issue, it's a people issue. > I'll revert back my changes Settling on specs before implementing things help with that, it makes arguing much easier when you haven't already built a solution. Well, money isn't everything. Despite all the bad things the US has to say about socialism it made France a really nice spot for "workers". Working conditions/hours, job safety, amount of vacation days, education, health, parental leave, retirement, overall quality of life, &c. If you want to create a multi billion $ company, get absurd amount of investors money and don't like taxes you probably should look somewhere else. I made the move from france to Berlin. Salaries are about the same as in Paris, taxes are higher though, but the cost of living in Berlin is much lower. It's probably easier for a english speaker to blend in Berlin than Paris too. > Move to the US. Anywhere will pay you more than that, tech hubs even more so. Raw salary for sure, take home salary after health insurance, pension, etc ... not so much. Unless you're 20s, live alone and don't plan to have kids. Commute time, working hours, vacation time, job safety, there are many thing to take into consideration. I'm not saying one is objectively better, it all boils down to personal choices, but it's much more complex than "Go to SV and make 10x the salary". I worked in mountain view before, now I'm living 300 meters from my office in central Berlin paying As in, after taking into account individual habits / conditions: coffee, alcohol consumption, quality of sleep (noise/light in the room), physical activity, stress level, usage of artificial light before bed, &c. If I strap a 10000 lumen blue light in front of your face every single night until 2 AM for a few weeks I guarantee you'll turn into a night owl by the article definition (shifted melatonin and cortisol production cycles). They kind of make this point themselves: "genes can even shift a person’s natural waking time by up to 25 minutes." and in the linked article "the mean sleep timing of the 5% of individuals carrying the most morningness alleles is 25 min earlier than the 5% carrying the fewest.". If genes only account for up to 25 min then the rest might come to personal routines and behaviours. It sure has its own merit, but I think you can remove the last sentence and slow down on the "I'd be the only one in a room of 100 people able to connect a phone to a network". We can boast all day long about how good our tech skills are but out in the real world it's far from "much more useful and valuable to civilization" than a lot of things. It seems like a very narcissistic and simple point of view. Where do you live for 200$ a month ? Even without considering inflation I have my doubts. > How can humanity migrate to another planet without bringing our problems with us? What ? Our "problems" are inherently human, they won't go away, they've been there from the beginning, they evolve like everything else. This question doesn't make sense. There is no "us" vs "our problems", our problems are us. > And how can different species that spread throughout the cosmos maintain peace when sufficient mutual trust is unattainable and advanced weaponry could destroy entire civilizations? Spreading, fighting and destroying civilisations is what makes us human (and what makes up life, for that matter). No matter at what scale you look the universe is creation and destruction. > Some of these outcomes could have been avoided if only the decision-makers had deliberated a bit more about what could go wrong Everything is easy to comprehend in hindsight. Chances are people will look at our generation and find everything we fought for as useless and non sensical. It's nice to think that humanity will one day attain an utopia in which violence, hate and wars don't exists but that's highly unlikely. Life/death, love/hate, peace/violence, are not separate entities, they can only exists with their opposite. Just like you can't have valleys without mountains. Yes please, less regulations because systems self regulate and it's in the interest of we the people. Just like the US health industry, right? Neoliberalism at its finest. That's what million of years of evolution engineered us for. Obesity epidemic, bad posture and other current issues are a reminder that our current lifestyle is way out of control. Technology evolved much faster than our bodies during the last 200-300 years. It's all fun and games when we're young but when we'll hit 40-50 we'll feel it. If you don't actively try to exercise you can go literal months during which your physical activity will be: get out of bed, open a few doors, sit in a car, open a few doors, sit all day, open a few doors, sit in car, open a few doors, lay in bed. That's killing us mentally and physically. > because it passed the filter of natural selection That alone doesn't tell much, you can still judge the value of any trait independently of natural selection. Evolution didn't keep up with technology during the last decades. We don't live in small communities with strong bonds, sleep in huts, hunt, &c. anymore. If you say "we evolved to be like this" and "everything evolved is right" there is no place for any kind of argument to be made. I'm sitting 8+ hours a day in front of a glowing rectangle. Evolution didn't do anything to help my body accommodate that. All I get is back/neck pain, short hamstrings, hampered digestion and a shitty posture. Sure I still need to sleep and eat, but that's about it. We're talking million of years of slow and incremental changes dictated by environmental constraints VS 200 years of exponential technological almost entirely tweaked for convenience. Look at obesity, diabetes, back pain epidemics ... clearly most people diets / lifestyles are not matching what evolution engineered them for. > Per your example we still need a community with strong bonds, a diet of lean proteins and greens, and a dusk till dawn sleeping pattern to function optimally. To "function optimally" yes, but even without that you can live very long, reproduce &c. A few thousands of years ago you'd just die. There is a middle ground between "labouring hard" and not doing anything remotely strenuous during your average week. That's amplified by our new calorie dense diets that were not available before. We can argue all day long, facts are there, obesity rates are going up every year, lifestyle related cancer too, and that's just the tip of the iceberg. Damn, most of my colleagues can't run 5km (without time restriction). Most people on reddit consume content, low value content most of the time, no one would pay for that. Creators and niche topics are not what keeps reddit alive. There isn't any "true self", as you said you constantly update your beliefs and knowledge. Thinking that there is a "real you" that you haven't attained yet is detrimental, it's and endless quest. On the other hand, if you think you already are the "real you", what does it mean ? That you'll never have to update your values/knowledge/logic ? That's a deeply personal / philosophical concern. Read philosophers' works and go with what feels natural to you, virtually anything you'll ever ask yourself has been written about. What you need is a framework, not a questionnaire or a method. Meditation can be nice but just taking a few hours off without any distraction (phone, music, screens, etc ... ) will give you plenty of time to think about what really matters to you. You might be interested in Nietzsche and his "Become who you are!", a good intro could be: https://www.artofmanliness.com/articles/podcast-480-hiking-w... Checkout Seneca and Marcus Aurelius too, very easy and down to earth advices. Nietzsche will probably be harder to get into. Well, evolution doesn't care if you die at 50 from sun induced cancer or at 80 from heart failure, as long as you've pumped out offsprings capable of reproduction you succeeded. Plus nowadays with tech / medical advances evolution doesn't play the same role as 10k years ago. You can be obese, diabetic, lactose intolerant, lose a kidney and a lung and still get kids + your life expectancy will be miles ahead of our ancestors hunting antelopes with spears and pointy stones. Common sense is wrong as often that it's right, being told something as a kid doesn't help either since you're less likely to question the source. Sure, it depends at which scale you observe it. It's probably impossible to study individual traits vs "group" traits though. As I see it it's one of these problems with so many co-founding variables that we'll never agree (depending on who you listen to: fat is good/bad, carbs are good/bad, sun is good/bad, ad infinitum) My point was, something can be good at some point (vitamin D production) and turn bad in the long term (increased cancer rate), but being ultimately bad doesn't mean evolution failed. I'd say it's the opposite, just like everyone has a car but barely anyone could do the most basic maintenance on it. This is arguably getting worse in every sector because of increasing complexity. (trade off for increasing convenience, as usual) Familiarity is not knowledge. I'd even say that technology sets us back because know we're all thinking we're much smarter than we are, I can google any issue I have and find an answer with minor brain usage. I don't need to know how basic orientation skills because I have google maps, etc ... It's a nice tool for sure, but the only "second nature" we're getting is the "second nature" of googling anything that take us more than 5 seconds of brain time. I lived without a phone for a few weeks (unwillingly) and I was surprised about how little of my daily life I could still do without frictions. The only lingua franca I see coming is emojis and memes, not programming languages. That's a nice example of tech worker echo chamber / over optimism / bubble though. Or maybe you'd be a top notch electrician. Some people enjoy their craft (or don't want to sit at a desk all day), in the past few decades programming became really hyped but it's not some kind of goal everyone should try to attain. At some point we'll have to stop with that "technology can and will solve everything" mentality. Only the future will tell. Maybe it's me being pessimistic but so far tech (for the masses) is mostly used for: - making money through ads. - enabling people to live their shallow ego trips on fb / ig / whatever is used these days. (influencers, &c.) - drown people in endless entertainment to make their work/sleep cycle tolerable. None of this is helping society is a whole, but, sure we have nice electric cars 90% of the population can't afford and we'll soon send rocket to Mars. Do we need $2.6k foldable phone ? pizza delivery drones ? same day delivery ? slaves delivering food through apps like deliveroo ? Is that the best we can do with tech today ? Or is it just enabling our mindless consume / produce cycle with no end goal ? For every meaningful tech advance we have 10 startups raising millions to press a fruit bag [0] or be a rental agency [1]. It's like a sad and lame black mirror episode. [0] https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/sep/01/juicero-s... [1] https://www.wework.com But doesn't that apply to basically anything in life ? Everything is about will + tools + problem solving skills. From building a house to fixing a bicycle, building a shelf, fixing an old SLR, &c. I'd even argue that building/fixing material things is more rewarding than programming in general. The only difference is that current society chose to reward average developers much more than average workers in other industries (good pay, flexible working hours, free snack, job security, &c.). But to me the average developer is not more important than the average trashman or electrician, quite the opposite. A lot of tech workers are not much more than assembly line workers from back in days, spitting out barely maintainable code found on stack overflow, using tools they understand only on a superficial level (framework, DBs, &c.). Again, familiarity is not knowledge. We have to stop romanticising our profession as if it was some kind of holy grail, for most people it's just a (good) way to bring money home. Most developers are not revolutionising anything, most are not working on anything meaningful, most are easily replaceable, most don't care that much about what they do, just like everywhere else. Compared to what ? Is it safe to eat 3 times a day + snacks, mostly over processed, calorie dense, low micro nutrients food ? Food is like most things, moderation/balance is key. I have no doubt fasting can be beneficial in some cases just as I have no doubt that the typical western diet is universally bad. This new fasting trend is just the blowback of the over abundance / over consumption of low quality food we experience pretty much everywhere in US / Europe. Go anywhere in Europe or in the US, people eat basically the same things. Globalisation took care of it, there might be some local variants, especially in rural areas, but in big cities there is close to no differences between NY, SF, London, Paris, Athens and Berlin. At the end of the day >50% of people in Europe and in the US are overweight or obese. Every country adopting our diets are following the trend, have a look at Latin america and Maghreb. We can argue all day long about the details but it doesn't change the facts that we're fucking up in major ways. I'm not talking about traditional dishes that take 24 hours to prepare and that you eat once a month when you visit your grandma, I'm talking about what people actually put in their mouth days in days out, and it's frozen junk, fast food, over processed meat, excessive amount of carbs, etc ... Damn, my colleagues can't stop asking me why I eat "so healthy" but I just eat fresh food / things I cook myself. There are 300-400 people in my office, we're literally ~20 to do that. - http://www.euro.who.int/en/health-topics/noncommunicable-dis... - http://www.ipsnews.net/2018/11/alert-hunger-obesity-rise-lat... Navigation is rarely the limiting factor in development speed. I'd take better auto completion / integrated tools over faster navigation every day. > Quite often the biggest challenge to any given story is understanding the impact of a single line change on a code base. Isn't that a test coverage issue more than a navigation issue ? Opening 3 files via keyboard shortcuts vs opening them by clicking on 3 different buttons won't solve spaghetti code and low test coverage. > It would be more efective as user choose to watch it.. Do we have any data to support that ? I'd intuitively think it works as good as donations, aka not that good. $90 for a "smart" lamp, $2600 flip phones, ... Man if this isn't a symptom of gadget/tech bubble on the verge of bursting I don't know what it is. That's true in a lot of cases but comparing a gadget to a service is far from being intellectually honest. Best case scenario it becomes a hit as the philips hue, but at the end of the day it's a gadget, it's shiny, it's new, it's trendy, but it's still a gadget. Sure it fulfils some kind of weird pseudo-need but it's not going to revolutionise anything. "In the kingdom of consumption the citizen is king. A democratic monarchy: equality before consumption, fraternity in consumption, and freedom through consumption. The dictatorship of consumer goods has finally destroyed the barriers of blood, lineage and race; this would be good cause for celebration were it not that consumption, by its logic of things, forbids all qualitative difference and recognizes only differences of quantity between values and between men." - Raoul Vaneigem Or you can press a button and it lights your 2$ bulb that will most likely outlive this $90 gadget which will end in an electronic waste somewhere in latin america or africa. But hey, if it's not pilling outside of our nice comfy air conditioned, voice controlled, connected homes who cares, right ? https://theconversation.com/europes-electronic-waste-has-bec... > As a counterpoint, it is easy to spend more than $90 on a "dumb" lamp and bulb Sure, and this is as much as a problem, but a different one. These new tech gadgets are a symptom of consumerism in general. They're the perfect products : they cost X times more than their dumb counterparts, need constant updates from private companies, run closed source code, are near impossible to fix for the common folks and due to increased complexity they have a life expectancy of a few years at most (but that's not really a problem because the V2 will be released next year anyway) Of course there is a market for it, it's the main feature of our current economy. "alienated consumption has become just as much a duty for the masses as alienated production" - Guy Debord I don't care about this particular product, or connected lamps in general for that matter, the underlying causes are very interesting though. > If consumers are buying those things at what you would consider to be a high price Seems like I can't stop quoting Debord in that thread. "The spectacle presents itself as a vast inaccessible reality that can never be questioned. Its sole message is: >>>>> “What appears is good; what is good appears.” If you stop at the surface of the problem, sure, people buy it so it must be good. The problem runs much deeper than that though, where does it stop ? Is it an ever ending quest for gadgets, each generation of them costing more than the previous and bringing less actual value to their user ? Is that the conscious goal of humanity or is it a byproduct of an uncontrolled economy of consumption ? It sure is a nice way to spend our disposable income. Read, go for a walk in the forest, draw, meditate [0], anything that's not in front of or near a source of distraction (phone, computer, &c.) [0] for a lot of people switching off their devices and sitting down quietly for 15 min without knowing anything about meditation will already have effects. This trend of micro managing and optimizing every single details of our lives is very weird to me, some people seems to spend more time optimizing than living. On one hand you'll get your DNA sampled and an "AI" to tell you what to eat, on the other hand we spend 10+ hours a day sitting, live in heavily polluted cities (light, noise, air), don't do anywhere close to enough physical activity. If you eat what's considered a healthy diet [0] these things will impact your life quality much more. What people need is self control and education, we use food as a source of pleasure instead of seeing it as fuel (this could be a symptoms of an unhealthy lifestyle in general, but that's another topic). People eat 3 times a days + regular snack even if they are not hungry. We lost our ability to listen to our bodies, but luckily it's not very hard to learn it back. No one needs an AI to know that a bottle of coke a day, a bag of m&m's or a 500g cup of non dairy, gluten free, #FeelGood, #BodyPositity cup of ben& jerry's a has a net negative impact on your body. The whole system is fucked from top to bottom, look at supermarkets, half of the aisles are full of colorful, family sized bags of candies, chocolate, ice creams, frozen junk and sodas with cute little mascots to attract kids. Society lost its way so bad that we now celebrate obesity and ill health. The obesity epidemic is an insult to humanity. Sure, a tiny minority of people have very specific needs due to rare diseases that could benefits from these kind of studies. But for the rest of us avoiding processed food and not over eating is more than enough. If you gain a kilo every 3 months and have a sugar rush after every meal your brain is more than capable to know what's happening, it's a matter of taking personal responsibilities and facing your problems. > specific food recommendations in order to avoid glucose spikes Healthy people (aka the vast majority people) don't need any "AI" or "machine learning" for that, just basic nutrition education and a pair of eyes to look at the nutritional facts of the products they're about to buy. There is a step after which the returns are greatly diminished, and for the vast majority of people that step is way closer to "pay attention and educate yourself" than "do what this AI tells you to". > Using machine learning, a subtype of artificial intelligence, ... . In that way, an algorithm was built without the biases of the scientists. I'd like to know how they determine that. "AI" and "machine learning" aren't unbiased by nature: https://www.newscientist.com/article/2166207-discriminating-... "We are endowed by Nature with an interest in our own well-being; but this very interest, when overindulged, becomes a vice. Nature has intermingled pleasure with necessary things – not in order that we should seek pleasure, but in order that the addition of pleasure may make the indispensable means of existence attractive to our eyes." - Seneca [0] we all know what a healthy meal is, let's not pretend it's a secret, eating healthy doesn't mean hitting all your blood test metrics with a nanomole precision. [dead] It sure is an addiction, and as theNJR said it has multiple factors / causes. But starting the wheel and wanting to better yourself is the first step and this one is purely a personal one, we now have the tools and the knowledge to fix these issues, what we lack is the will. Taking care of the fact that society screams "C O N S U M E" at every opportunity is another issue that should be tackled. We're in the so called 'information age", we have more knowledge at our finger tips than the elite thinkers and scientists had in the last millenniums, yet people never ate so bad in recent history. I'd take my great grandparents deficiency in some vitamins over obesity or t2 diabetes any day. The problem of gender pay gap is a really hard one to tackle. You have to be a fool to pretend there is no issue, but the number of causes is incredible at the gender, education, industry, company and individual levels. Every time there is a public debate around that topic you end up with two major groups, one saying that women work less or are less productive because of XYZ, the other saying something close to "it's the patriarchy". Striving for equality of outcome is a good first step, but it's attacking the symptoms and not the causes. Just like for politics or employees quotas, you can bend the end of the process to make it look fair and balanced but if the 10 steps before are biased against women (and other groups) you end up with an illusion of parity while the only thing that changed is you now make "positive" discrimination. Making the wages public is a good thing no matter the reason, after all the first step of making a decision is to have access to data. If it helps with pay gaps all the better. How do you remove biases from such a process though. Given two employees, same education, same title, same working hours, same productivity (based on managers reports), nothing guarantee that the HR department won't "like" one more than another. Or one might ask for raises more often or with better arguments (having kids, longer commute, getting offers from other companies all the time). Office politics are what they are, politics, as long as you have human in the process you'll have biases. Now if these biases are stronger against certain group it probably should be addressed. You'll have to be a bit more precise because right now it's hard to tell if you're trolling or trying to make a point. In any case, the pay gap isn't a thing that can be addressed with a single sentence such as yours. It's a really simplistic point of view to say social jobs are valued other than with a salary. And I'm fairly certain that social workers, teachers and nurses get their share of stress. If anything the "men do manly jobs and women do social jobs" is another symptom of the underlying causes. Sure you can say "that's the way it is" and move on, but if you want to take part in the debate you have to show a minimum of intellectual honesty. Plus it doesn't work for people having the same position in the same company. The first one that make them feel good about the situation. You can rationalise a lot of things by interpreting statistical analysis to support your point of view, you just have to cover it with a "duh that's the real _facts_" and move on. > Since gender only seems to play a very minor role in wage differences between men and women, as opposed to say, willingness to work full-time/overtime, personality, and job choice But isn't personality heavily influenced by gender, job choice by education and stereotypes, will to do over time by lifestyle (getting the kids from school, ...) I agree with your point of view on identity politics, but you seem to assume that the current "system"* is neutral and isn't favoriting any demographics right now. Last time I checked, studies tend to show that the "gender pay gap" isn't entirely based on gender, as you said, but still, a non negligible part of it is. * I don't like that word but can't find better That's the market, you can't buy premium cars, the epitome of consumerism and status symbolism, and ask for social justice when something happens. We're not talking about medicine, food or other basic human needs here, we're talking about a car that costs 100 times the yearly minimum wage of some countries. Luxury isn't a right. I'd like to see the same people reacting to a price increase, they'd probably be just as virulent on twitter, but boasting instead of complaining. "He was alive and fine two minutes before he died" There is always a before/after an event. This argument doesn't hold anywhere outside of a schoolyard. Let's say they extended the price change to a 2 weeks period, the people who bought it at 15 days will complain just the same. [flagged] Globalisation doesn't help with that. It's now easier than ever to move to a "hot spot", most of the time for work. But no one knows each other, everyone come for "the game" and their career. Social networks and instant messaging gives you the illusion that you still have a community. It's all good in your 20s, when you're in good health, and when it's easy and cheap to make friends. Then you hit your 30s and find out that you don't have any community, everyone moved somewhere else, the city is too expensive for a 2-3 bedrooms flat, and even if you stayed you'd have to work full time (if not overtime), which means you'd need someone else to bring your kids to school and take care of him/her after work, which isn't free. It's a lot like the "get a loan to buy a car, buy a car to go to work, work to pay the loan" analogy. It's not a life, you merely exists for work and pay other people to take care of what used to be the core experience. At the end of the day the only thing you're looking for is a meal and this new netflix show your heard about. The worst part is, as you said, that it's now frown upon to rely on your community because it's "free", and surely you haven't made it if you rely on free things. Idk, socialism ideologies brought 35 hours work weeks, decriminalization of homosexuality, worker rights, unions, social welfare, mandatory paid vacations, job security, decent minimum wage, pensions, public telco / electricity / gas companies, public health system, public and affordable transport systems, &c. to France. Some of these things are still lacking in countries like Germany, or the US. I don't understand how socialism is perceived so differently between Europe and the US. When the current US gov talks about socialism it just sounds like they're addressing authoritarian communism. Maybe we're just using the same word for vastly different things. For example the french definition goes something like that, according to wikipedia : "The word socialism covers a very diverse set of currents of thought and political movements, the common point of which is to seek a more just social and economic organization. The original goal of socialism is to achieve social equality, or at least a reduction of inequalities". While the english version says "Socialism is a range of economic and social systems characterised by social ownership of the means of production and workers' self-management,[10] as well as the political theories and movements associated with them.[11] Social ownership can be public, collective or cooperative ownership, or citizen ownership of equity." Not so long ago we all witnessed an artifact of earlier social movements when the so called yellow vests went in the streets to protest for better wages and pensions (as well as other things). Now if you listen to the news, these people are just lazy, uneducated, violent and should be sent to jail. Well, guess what, when people were fed up of sending their 12 years old kids to the coal mine 80 hours a week they didn't wait for the elite to care, they took what they deserved, through social movements deeply influenced by socialism. (just like it happened for black people in the 60s-70s in the us) So again, when Trumps says "America Will Never Be A Socialist Country"; "We Were Born Free And We Will Stay Free", I don't see what socialism has to do with that. We're talking about the #1 world economy, telling the world that socialism is bad, while at the same time his people die of diabetes because they can't afford insulin due to a heavily privatized health industry. Where is the "we the people" in that ? I stand by what I said, a healthy dose of socialism wouldn't harm the US a bit, quite the opposite. > People bitch and moan about how unfair everything is and while it is unfair the wealth the poorest individual has in the united states is light years ahead of what kings had in the middle ages. I have better medicine, better comfort (bed, electricity, running water ..), &c. than the richest emperor of 2000 years ago. Does it invalidate any critics I can make ? As far as I can tell capitalism didn't sell mere survival as a goal, yet we're telling an ever growing part of the population that they'll have to deal with it. "The necessity of production is so easily proved that any hack philosopher of industrialism can fill ten books with it. Unfortunately for these neo-economist thinkers, these proofs belong to the nineteenth century, a time when the misery of the working classes made the right to work the counterpart of the right to be a slave, claimed at the dawn of time by prisoners about to be massacred. Above all it was a question of surviving, of not disappearing physically." "The imperatives of production are the imperatives of survival; from now on, people want to live, not just to survive." - Raoul Vaneigem And it went from the largest colonial empire / power in the world to an island voting to get out of the EU in a few decades. Sure they're still Britain but it changed a lot. (it also apply to France, Germany, Belgium, and probably a lot more) You should check out Raoul Vaneigem, he develops similar ideas, but focusing on the middle class stuck in their "everyday life" and routines. Whatever you do at work, 8 hours a day, leaves you with just enough energy to consume entertainment and wait for the next day. The cycle doesn't end until you're 65 and are allowed to retire, by the time you don't have any kind of energy (physical and/or mental), most people don't even have money to live the dream they've been forced to believe in all their life. I don't think getting old is the cause, not in the physical sense anyway. The problem to me is that we've been delivered from the "work to survive" in the 1900s, now most people are getting out of the "work to live", which is promptly replaced by the "work to consume", and this is no place for fulfillment, happiness or will to do things bigger than ourselves. I'll probably get blasted because a lot of HN readers see everything through the lens of software engineering, living comfortably with 2-20 times the minimum wage of their countries. Let's not forget that we're part of the lucky ones. > Too many rich, old, soft people who now have settled and moneyed lives Too many middle class people barely making a living and spending all their effort/time to keep up on the social ladder. They're so blinded by the repetitiveness of their life that they don't even think there could be more to it. Past generations were at least fighting for their rights, somehow it got lost somewhere in the last century, now we're left with parodies of social movements that were once making a dent (black panthers vs blm, first wave feminism vs current feminism, &c.). People are fed up just as much, but instead of acting on it they rant on twitter and feel like they did their part. --- "It was as if they were in a cage whose door was wide open without their being able to escape. Nothing outside the cage had any importance, because nothing else existed any more. They stayed in the cage, estranged from everything except the cage, without even a flicker of desire for anything outside the bars. it would have been abnormal — impossible in fact — to escape into something which had neither reality nor importance. Absolutely impossible. For inside this cage, in which they had been born and in which they would die, the only tolerable framework of experience was the Real" "The old proletariat sold its labour power in order to subsist; what little leisure time it had was passed pleasantly enough in conversations, arguments, drinking, making love, wandering, celebrating and rioting. The new proletarian sells his labour power in order to consume. When he’s not flogging himself to death to get promoted in the labour hierarchy, he’s being persuaded to buy himself objects to distinguish himself in the social hierarchy. The ideology of consumption becomes the consumption of ideology." "No more Guernicas, no more Auschwitzes, no more Hiroshimas, no more Setifs. Hooray! But what about the impossibility of living, what about this stifling mediocrity and this absence of passion? What about the jealous fury in which the rankling of never being ourselves drives us to imagine that other people are happy? What about this feeling of never really being inside your own skin? let nobody say these are minor details or secondary points. There are no negligible irritations; gangrene can start in the slightest graze." "While it was placing happiness and freedom on the order of the day, technological civilization was inventing the ideology of happiness and freedom. Thus it condemned itself to creating no more than the freedom of apathy, happiness in passivity. But at least this invention, perverted though it was, had denied that suffering is inherent in the human condition, that such an inhuman condition could last forever." "People without imagination are beginning to tire of the importance attached to comfort, to culture, to leisure, to all that destroys imagination. This means that people are not really tired of comfort, culture and leisure but of the use to which they are put, which is precisely what stops us enjoying them." "And all the while everyone wants to breathe and no-one can breathe, and many say “We will breathe later”, and most do not die, because they are already dead." That's what every private company care for. They can try to hide it, disguise it, make it easy to forget, at the end of the day if they don't make money everything is over. > "keep going, don't get demoralized" You can keep going and never make it. Statistically speaking you're more likely to not make it. This isn't much more than the typical hustler propaganda we see all the time in tech. "If you didn't make it you didn't try hard enough" > What happens to founders afterwards? Founders are people, people chose different paths. Depends if you managed to save a big chunk of money, have the will to start again, have kids, location, visas, etc ... I don't think there is a stereotypical path. > The opportunity cost of starting a startup instead of continuing in your career can be significant (5+ years "lost"). If you create a company that survives for 5 years you have to fuck up really bad to lose everything. Unless you go for one of these business models relying purely on investors cash, in which case you're doomed from the get go 99% of the time. > Startups are usually a gamble at good odds Good odds for who ? The investors putting money in 100s of startups and making 10.000% ROI once in a while ? Sure What about the founders / early employees who fail 90% of the time after putting in countless hours of overtime ? When the dice you play with is a 1d20000 and you need https://s3.amazonaws.com/startupcompass-public/StartupGenome... In a world where individualism and short term profit is valued above all. What do you think happens when we buy asian gadgets on amazon with same day delivery, mindless pollution, from the first step to the last. Go out, and look at the streets, hundreds of cars with (90% of the time) a single person in it. Moving 2 tons of steel for a 80 kilos meatbag, now that's efficiency. We could almost ignore that if it wasn't releasing toxic gases straight in the worst place possible: the exact place where most of us live. What about importing bananas and mango from the other side of the globe ? How come I can buy Evian water in the US; are we really shipping water from Europe to America ? Meat at every meal, well meat is good so why not, plus it's cheap now that we mass produce it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environmental_impact_of_meat_p... And the list goes on forever, but who cares, convenience is king, as long as it's cheap. Probably not the only cause, but look at population density in India, it's insane. https://pudding.cool/2018/10/city_3d/ I think we barely have time to think about it in the first place, when you're in the sleep, work, entertainment routine, you're much more inclined to watch some netflix than to do something about "important" issues. Add kids in the mix and you're done. You either have to work extra time to be able to get them a decent life or stop working to take care of them, either way the future of humanity isn't really a priority. You can take personal steps to reduce your footprint sure, but as long as the leaders play their "economical growth at all cost" game we're doomed to fail. Yeah we can continue to lie (to ourselves ?) and perpetuate these ideas. Or we can look at the facts: - https://inews.co.uk/news/long-reads/cargo-container-shipping... - https://medium.com/@victoria27/heres-how-much-pollution-ship... - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environmental_impact_of_shippi... And then you witness that half of the bananas delivered to your office every week ends up in the trash because they're too ripe, but yeah, the ship that moved them from latin america to europe was efficient, no biggie. Just like half of the cheap, low quality things imported from asia that breaks after a few weeks (basically 70% of amazon inventory) The deeper issue is that the shift from "being" to "having", and "having" to "appearing" never slowed down since it was first theorised. Instagram doesn't serve any purpose other than fulfilling narcissistic people and people in need of exterior approval, and, even worse, it does it in a self reinforcing way. It’s the epitome of individualism. The few social aspects that I'm reluctant to even give to Facebook aren't on ig at all. It is quite the invention, it both feeds on and nourishes the worst traits of the human brain. Everyone is against these vile dystopian societies described in so many books, all the while the seeds of these societies have been planted during our lifetime and we’re all watering and cherishing them. Travel used to be about the journey just as much as it was about the destination, not by choice, but by constraints. Nowadays it's mostly about snapping a low quality pic of a sight people already know [0], going from A to B the fastest and cheapest way, packed like cattle in ultra dense flying or rolling metal cages, wreaking havoc on local environment and populations. After mass producing food, cars, culture, we’re now mass producing “experiences”, and they inherit the same traits as other mass manufactured goods: they’re cheap, meaningless, repeatable, bland, and most of all they’re not going to bring you the long lasting “happiness” you expect. No amount of text will convey what you feel when you get to Grand Canyon, Yosemite, the Louvre or other known places. The beauty of the place is dead, all you are left with is a chaotic heap of people shielding their faces from the very thing they came to “experience” behind cameras and phone. Some people in this thread seems to think that the money brought by tourism counter balances everything. If your only metric is economic growth I have good news for you: a lot of modern issues can be ignored, maybe even all of them. [0] https://www.boredpanda.com/social-media-instagram-identical-... Debord puts it better than I’ll ever be able to: “The present phase of total occupation of social life by the accumulated results of the economy leads to a generalized sliding of having into appearing, from which all actual “having” must draw its immediate prestige and its ultimate function. At the same time all individual reality has become social reality directly dependent on social power and shaped by it” “the more he contemplates the less he lives; the more he accepts recognizing himself in the dominant images of need, the less he understands his own existence and his own desires.” “the collective pseudo-displacement of vacations, subscriptions to cultural consumption, and the sale of sociability itself in the form of “passionate conversations” and “meetings with personalities.” This sort of spectacular commodity, which can obviously circulate only because of the increased poverty of the corresponding realities.” Sleep is fun, people who regularly lack it will tell you they're "just fine" but they've been lacking sleep for so long that the baseline they're comparing themselves to is already skewed. Take two weeks off, avoid alcohol and other stimulant, avoid artificial light after 8 and wake up without an alarm. You'll see how you feel after that regimen. Your body knows exactly how much sleep it needs. But that's not compatible with the "work hard, play hard" and hustler mentality I guess. Let's see how it impacts us when we get older, I'm fairly certain that the younger you are the more abuse your body can take, it usually has lasting consequences though. https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/7-scary-ways-sleep-depr... https://www.huffpost.com/entry/teen-sleep-crimes-adults_n_58... Get blue light blocker glasses and it'll help a lot. Avoid backlit devices as they're the worst. You don't have to go to bed at 8, just don't stay in bright light at least a few hours before you want to fall asleep. > but most of us have a hard stop from sleep at 7something am to go to work Well that's a feature of our economy, and a whole other issue. Artifact of the industrial revolution if I'm not mistaken; "8 hrs of sleep, 8 hrs of work, 8hrs of entertainment"; which is obviously a lie and not much more than propaganda, but people seems to put up with it. It doesn't work very well you you add commute time, chores, &c. in the mix. > Let me guess, you sleep immediately on a plane as soon as doors close, too? We're not all built the same way. Quite the opposite, I always need 0.5-1 hour to fall asleep, and that's in my pitch black, noise free bedroom. Never slept in a plane, albeit I don't fly very often. > The whole idea of 'natural' is normative garbage You do you. Technology evolved much faster than our bodies during the last 200-300 years, our internal cycle still heavily relies on light ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circadian_rhythm ), now you can chose to ignore that or go with what evolution designed you for. You can brush of "natural" as being a hippie thing if you want, at the end of the day we're all slave to our bodies, better at least try to please it than to force it in "unnatural" processes. I'm just a regular guy with a regular IT job, of course my experience won't match a factory worker, but if I can help a few people here and there I've done my part. Well, that doesn't invalidate my point. The whole thing is to listen to your body, the problem is when people do 12 to 6 with an alarm, while they'd actually sleep form 10 to 7 without external constraints. I think we all agree that these people are the exception to the rule. Just like Elon Musk isn't your typical CEO or Terry A. Davis isn't your typical developer. I'll be honest, all it took me was to learn about it, and I refuse to think that I'm the only one in that position. I used to sit in front of a screen until the very last moment I went to bed, now I read, I go to bed when I'm tired, I avoid alcohol before bed, &c. Look around, in all the companies I went to, 40+ years old people were overweight and had poor posture, that's just the (visible) tip of the iceberg. A lot of people eat like shit, don't exercise (enough), come back from 8 hours of sitting at a desk to do what ? Sit on a sofa and empty a few beers. After a while, when their body can't "catch up" they feel the effects and wonder what happened. > But we've digressed. Yes, too bad HN doesn't really work for longer conversations. > An improvement over the nightmare of far longer hours in the early industrial revolution. But we've digressed. Sure, but what is it now ? For most people in 1st world countries it isn't about survival, especially for us, IT workers. Albeit poor people in countries completely rejecting socialism ideas still struggle just as much as 100 years ago. The survival nightmare isn't there anymore. Now we're suffering the blowback of an economy that can't sustain itself without constant growth. "The necessity of production is so easily proved that any hack philosopher of industrialism can fill ten books with it. Unfortunately for these neo-economist thinkers, these proofs belong to the nineteenth century, a time when the misery of the working classes made the right to work the counterpart of the right to be a slave, claimed at the dawn of time by prisoners about to be massacred. Above all it was a question of surviving, of not disappearing physically. The imperatives of production are the imperatives of survival; from now on, people want to live, not just to survive." - Raoul Vaneigem If voting was used as it should, sure. Right now it feels like it's used to burry comments you don't agree with, without even explaining why; like "this guy is dumb, and I won't even take the time to explain why I think so" I'd much rather discuss with people having a counter opinion than scroll through comments of like minded people regurgitating the same thing. I think you're debating semantic here. Everything can be reduced to "it's just human nature". That's not a satisfactory answer to a socio-economic system critic. In its current state capitalism is far from what it was just 50 years ago, I don't see anything crazy about pointing out its current flaws and working on them. It'll be changed anyway, the only choice we have is to be an active part in the process or be moved by it. Perfect, I tweaked it a bit because safari doesn't allow per site css. Thanks ! People feeling left aside by society always find a way out, it's more of a systemic issue than an alcohol or drug one. I guess having a for profit health industry trying to prescribe as much opioid as possible doesn't help. As long as we keep putting the blame on individuals* and not on the system they live in we're doomed to fail. Putting tax on alcohol, war on drugs and banning beer sales on Sunday aren't going to fix any of the underlying problems. * which is very easy and relieving, after all I don't have to do anything if that's just how people are. There are so many issues with the US health industry that it's hard to pin point which one is the worst. It's almost an example of what shouldn't be done. For profit isn't an issue per say, but when you add greedy executives in the mix you're in for a disaster. Look at insulin or other basic necessities, companies clearly put profit over people. I don't think that would fly in any other first world country. https://www.healthsystemtracker.org/chart-collection/health-... https://www.thebalance.com/causes-of-rising-healthcare-costs... Being affluent or rich doesn't makes your life meaningful by itself. Some very poor workers enjoy their craft and are 100% fulfilled by it, some very rich celebrities lost themselves in their money and fame. I tend to think that having a community has more importance than money in that regard. People survived in the past by working 12+ hours a day 7 days a week, but they had strong family bond (someone sick wouldn't get paid, no welfare, no pension, &c ..). If anything (too much) money enables you to go down the rabbit hole and amplify your vices. > The state should not be in the business of saving people from themselves Then who should ? You can blame everything on individuals: "they're lazy", "they're dumb", "they didn't work as hard as I did", "they could save themselves", that's very easy to do, and reassuring in a way. But that's also a very bleak view on our social organization. Or you can admit that we're all infinitely small parts of a gigantic machinery, that we're all mutually responsible for the system we live in, and that some of the issues raised here are direct consequences of "the state" and its policies. Just like some people are born in good conditions, probably a majority of hn readers are, a lot of people are not. You don't have to care, you don't have to help them, but at least don't criticize people trying to better society. Even if you don't care about people and just think in numbers, getting these people out of misery/addiction is a net positive for society on purely a monetary perspective. > trying to play philosopher, It doesn't have much to do with philosophy though, it's mostly a psycho/socio/historical analysis. If the people studying these fields can't comment on modern events I'm not sure who you think should do it. Most European countries ignored Hitler breaking every rules of the treaty of Versailles years before shit hit the fan. I'm of course not saying this is equivalent to the nazi ideology. Sometimes you don't see things coming or you ignore them until it's too late. Life is way crazier than any fiction. The tricky part is to find which style / author fits you. Pick up a few classics, read 50 pages or so and if you like it continue otherwise stop and start the next book. After a while you'll have an idea of what interests you. Human have been thinking about that for as long as they were able to think. A lot of them put their ideas in books, you might find some interesting point of views in work from Seneca, or Alan Watts for example. No one talks about death in real life, we just kind of go with the flow of "death is bad" yadda yadda. If you deconstruct your view on death and looks at how other societies or cultures sees deaths it can be eye opening. It's only bad if you see it as a bad thing. "But tell me, do you consider it fairer that you should obey Nature, or that Nature should obey you? And what difference does it make how soon you depart from a place which you must depart from sooner or later? We should strive, not to live long, but to live rightly; for to achieve long life you have need of Fate only, but for right living you need the soul. A life is really long if it is a full life; but fullness is not attained until the soul has rendered to itself its proper Good, that is, until it has assumed control over itself. What benefit does this older man derive from the eighty years he has spent in idleness? A person like him has not lived; he has merely tarried awhile in life. Nor has he died late in life; he has simply been a long time dying. He has lived eighty years, has he? That depends upon the date from which you reckon his death! ... Nay, he has existed eighty years, unless perchance you mean by "he has lived" what we mean when we say that a tree "lives."" https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius . (letters 4, 24, 26, 61, 82, 93) https://terebess.hu/english/AlanWatts-On%20The%20Taboo%20Aga... > As a nonreligious person, there is no answer to it other than "that's the way it is" There are many non religious answers. Philosophy (as in framework for life, not the intellectual masturbation "philosophy") provides a lot of them. See my other reply. Family. "Unlike in the West where the elderly dread the thought of being dependent on their children, the elderly in India expect to be dependent on their children. Eyebrows are raised if this equation is not seen in a family" https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-23176206 A guy in a wheelchair talks about considering ending his life due to a debilitating condition. First question asked to him on HN is about productivity. Never change hn, never change. This is insanity. It's not the first time we put profit and "innovation" before health and environment though. We don't know what we're playing with, how long have we considered asbestos, pesticides, lead paint, &c. as safe before we finally stopped lying to ourselves ? years, decades even ... This thing should be studied for way longer before being implemented in our cities. The problem is that we shouldn't feel the need to use drugs to make our lives bearable. Depression, burnout and other mental issues is amplified by our lifestyles and the system that allowed them. Sure you can take psychedelics, anti depressant, alcohol, and other drugs to make it bearable, it won't fix the underlying issue(s). I agree with most of what you say on psychedelics, I don't see it as a cure to what we're talking about here though. > most of the world's problems are social/political and won't be fixed by technology. One might argue that technology not only won't fix our issues but, used as it is today, is the cause of a lot of them. > Way to start with a false premise. The meme died out by now Change the dates and look at the graph, I don't think you can say such a trend died by looking at the last 90 days. https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&q=%22learn... We still see articles about teaching kids to code, either at home or in school almost weekly on HN. > So Sila Kiliccote and I take that leap. Sitting in her kitchen, with solar panels overhead and an electric car parked outside, we pretend that it has happened. It's 2050 and we've stopped climate change. Yeah right, what about the 3+ billion people living in asia/africa below what's known as poverty in US/EU ? Do they also live in high tech houses on top of hills, powered by solar panels and batteries, drinking latte macchiatos from an $3k coffee machine and having an electric car / access to helicopters ? Or is this reserved to the elite and they're still manufacturing 90% of our gadgets in heavily polluted and overcrowded cities ? > Now, because the animals are growing so much faster Oh but we already do that, it doesn't look good though: http://www.veterinaryworld.org/Vol.2/November/Sudden%20Death... SV is so insanely disconnected from reality, it now sounds more like religious prophecies than reasonable predictions; repeat after me "tech will solve all our issues". The only reason we'd stop polluting is if it gets financially more profitable not to pollute, nothing more than a beneficial side effect. “Heard about the guy who fell off a skyscraper? On his way down past each floor, he kept saying to reassure himself: So far so good... so far so good... so far so good. How you fall doesn't matter. It's how you land!” Not really, but maybe instead of running blindly ahead and applying more of the cause of our issues we should stop and make conscious decisions. Right now it seems that we forgot technology should serve us, not the other way around. Writing best case (science fiction) scenarios isn't going to do anything good, it might even make people feel good about themselves and "wait" for the problem to be fixed. Pollution is a social/economical/political issue, not a technological one. Innovating in the later while stagnating in the former won't do much. What might be detrimental is expecting unconditional and eternal love/trust from someone. If you enter the game with realistic expectations it's a smooth sail. Depends on your life plan, your age, kids ? &c.. Every move is a gamble, you have to guess the odds and go with your decision. I'd probably worry about working extra hard for a company that isn't yours though, especially a startup. Been there, done that, the very second they run out of money they'll treat you like a leper. > there is no need for a human to stand and make a basic product for 10 hours a day when a robot can do it. Ultimately there is no need for most of what we work on. Once our basic needs and comfort are covered it's a boundless quest for economical growth and a sense of "fulfilment". Low skilled repetitive jobs are needed if we continue on our current economical path. A lot of jobs could already be automated, we could probably work half of what we do now and keep 90% of our comfort. The issue isn't technical it's political / societal. People have been talking about automation for 70+ years [0], we're still more or less at the same stage as back then. We replaced factory workers by machines, great, but this didn't deliver them from work, it just made them shift to other low skilled dead end jobs. Fast food is a good example, they are more and more automated in Europe but in the US it won't happen because many students / people with low education rely on these jobs to survive. Same for walmart, &c ... These jobs aren't a means to an end, they're here to keep low skilled people busy. We sent people to the moon in the 60s, does anyone really believe we can't make a machine that flip patties and make fries (it would be much more efficient and cost a fraction of the employees it would replace) ? What would be the end goal ? Efficiency for efficiency's sake ? Seems like the most efficient scenario would be to end up in a Matrix kind of world. Anecdote: I ofter talk to the barista working for my company's internal coffee shop, he said he'd never change job because he likes human contact and relaxed working hours/conditions. Everything doesn't to be about efficiency / automation. [0] https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Fourastié "His technological optimism (Le Grand Espoir du xxe siècle, PUF 1949; Machinism et Bien-Être, Ed Minuit 1951; Les 40000 heures, 1965) led him to announce the 30-hour week and an active life span of about 35 years, and to predict that society would evolve relentlessly towards a tertiary type of civilisation, dominated by services" VR is like AI. It's a constant hype/disappointment cycle, albeit it's getting better at every iteration; it's far from delivering on their promises though. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_reality#History If the end goal of humanity is to be a bunch of loners who only interact with and through machines we're on good tracks. We could also just stay in bed and be fed by tubes, we wouldn't even have to move, 100% efficiency, 0% loss. A society of pure production/consumption without human contacts, man if that's what we're heading to we're in for a wild ride. > everyday services they need in peace and solitude. Move out of the city and you get all the peace and solitude you'll ever need. When you move to a tech hot spot to milk the sweet sweet IT money you kind of sign the social agreement of interacting with other human beings. That's the whole point of societies in the first place; people interacting and exchanging goods and services while living on a shared territory. If human interactions make someone sick to the point of actively avoiding them I think we should stop for a bit and start asking the right questions. I don't know where you live but I traveled quite a bit and I never had to do more than say "Hi, can I have a coffee, thanks" and hand over the money. But let's say for the sake of argument that we do replace all these bs jobs. What happens when you go to a bank for a mortgage and the AI doesn't agree with your conditions ? It's the same problem with autonomous cars, it works good when the conditions are absolutely perfect, the second a problem arise it becomes useless. You end up needing redundant people to watch over machines, just like what happens in factories, but these are job for skilled workers. What happens to all the unskilled workers you replaced ? They find other bs jobs. There are many automated coffee machine in my office, they cost thousand of euros each, every few weeks we have to call the company's technicians to come and fix them because there is always 1 or 2 of them which stop working. What do you think will happen for that $33k robot arm ? Also for these ? https://joincoup.com/en And what about headrests in uber, taxis, &c ? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extreme_risk You're late in the game. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKCVol2iWcc There is a list + details on that website: https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/18/business/dealbook/eu-anti... I have vague memories of countries running out electricity at peak hours in certain conditions. In the UK they struggle with water boilers [0]. I'm fairly certain that if we switched all gas cars to electric we'd struggle quite a lot with peak electricity demand, especially during holidays and other events. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TV_pickup That's what is happening already. https://insideevs.com/average-hourly-electric-usage-ev-house... The thing is that it's cheap to charge at night right now because it's off-peak. With a shift to EV it'll be the opposite. It doesn't work very well with solar or wind energy since you can't modulate their production. > Plus, living off grid is cool when you are young and not living with medical conditions. Depends how you see life, I don't think quantity matters as much as quality here. Maybe living fully for 50 years is bette than dying slowly for 80 years while busting your ass 5 days a week for a company. Realistically speaking, by the time the system spits you out to retirement you're physically and mentally destroyed. (US retirement: 66, avg life expectancy: 78) A lot of people keep going despite having a (perceived) miserable life because at the end of the week there is the weekend, and after 6 months there is vacations, and after a life of work there is retirement. Is that living ? I don't know, I guess everyone has to find his own answers. I don't think saying "it's worse in X country / it was worse before / there are good things in the world" really helps either, you could say that during a bubonic plague epidemic and it would still be true in a sense. The fact is lots of people don't feel fulfilled and build up resentment, you don't fix that with words. Society doesn't encourage you to be passionate about much, just do your work, watch your netflix, and come back tomorrow. If you're too sick to work we'll patch you up asap so you can come back and start working again. All that matters is your productivity and making sure that you send a good chunk of your income back in the loop. Mental and physical well being aren't a priority, see the opioid crisis, depression epidemic, obesity epidemic, pollution, &c. Thanks god previous generations fought more ferociously than us to work less and live more, we'd still be working 10 hours a day, 7 days a week otherwise [0]. The current state of global resignation is deeply disturbing. "We do not want a world in which the guarantee that we will not die of starvation is bought by accepting the risk of dying of boredom." Raoul Vaneigem [0] https://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/03/how-the-8-hour-workday-chang... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labour_law > where the stars are visible I sometimes daydream about that, I think the last time I saw stars clearly was 3 years ago. We'll all end up like: https://timeline.com/los-angeles-light-pollution-ebd60d5acd4... I'm also actively planning to move back to a rural area asap. With modern technology you can be self sufficient in water, electricity, have a super efficient garden and even get satellite internet for relatively cheap. Get a freelancing dev project every few months and you'll have more than enough to live. > What must be done in that case? I don't think there is a simple answer to that. What would be the worst case scenario ? Do you own your house ? Do you have enough savings to handle a few months without income ? Can you get unemployment benefits in your country ? I know that in Europe even if you fuck up big time you usually won't en up in a bad situation (job security, unemployment benefits, social welfare, &c.) When a court determine someone to be sane it just means that he fully knew what he was doing. You can absolutely be sure that you want to kill people, knowing the implications of your acts and going though with it, that makes you sane for a court. Now is someone showing so much hate and violence mentally ill in a way? I guess it depends on who you ask. Imho these kinds of views/acts are not very compatible with my definition of mental sanity. Don't forget that what we consider "progress" today is capitalism progress. It's all about owning more and constant economical growth, it has very little to do with social or ecological progress, these might benefit from capitalism from time to tie when their goals are aligned but that's all. Recycling is like everything else, it's done when it's economically profitable (via state/country funds, tax returns, &c.) "At the heart of capitalism is a vast and scarcely examined assumption: you are entitled to as great a share of the world’s resources as your money can buy. You can purchase as much land, as much atmospheric space, as many minerals, as much meat and fish as you can afford, regardless of who might be deprived. If you can pay for them, you can own entire mountain ranges and fertile plains. You can burn as much fuel as you like. Every pound or dollar secures a certain right over the world’s natural wealth." https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/mar/15/capita... That's also the only thing that keeps our population in check. Let's see how we handle the incoming retirement issues, that'll give us a good indication (less workers, more retired people pretty much everywhere in the west, peaking in the next few decades). Living long won't help much if it just means more people consuming our limited natural resources and weighting on our social infrastructure. At any rate most country would shift their retirement age accordingly and life would be the same but longer, I fail to see the appeal of that (albeit it's the ultimate realization of our "us vs nature" western mentality) We should figure how to live well before we try to live longer, and we still have some things we're nowhere close to figure out (energy, pollution, retirement, increasing pop, &c.) But all of that only applies if everyone has access to this tech, which I doubt. Most likely it will be a "cure" for the rich. Seems to me that scientists are working toward goals that kind of look nice on paper (curing aging, genetic modifications, &c.) without stopping even one second and thinking about the moral/social/economical consequences down the line. That's the end of out current economical system for sure. It relies on constant growth and ever increasing production/consumption. Everything else is considered a failure. But that's two sides of the same coin, individualism. Even if we lived 120 years in average, do you think the game would change a lot, I don't. I don't see drastic changes in young people today, yet they'll most likely be alive in 60-70 years. And for argument's sake, even if it does we still end up with much more people living on the same resource limited planet at the same time. You can already bump your life expectancy (and end life quality) quite a lot by eating health, exercising, quitting drinking/smoking. Most people don't do it because it's too much effort and "that's not life", again individualism/short sightedness. We need a cure for laziness / individualism, then, maybe, we can start talking considering longevity. We'll make a lesser version of it available to everyone who gets a mortgage > 50 years and a new electric car. It'll involve weekly injections though, that way as soon as you stop paying you go back to where you belong. But again, what's the goal ? Giving lazy people the opportunity to continue living lazily longer while ravaging the planet ? Welcome to transhumanists paradise I guess. Our bodies evolved to make us omnivores, I don't see why we should restrain ourselves to such extent. What we need is moderation and sustainable means of production. This is clearly misaligned with our current lifestyles though. [0] In a few generations we went from "meat/fish is a once in a week delicacy" to "cheap meat at every single meal" (see the so called "meat lovers" thinking they're entitled to 2 pounds of bacon a day). Talk to your grandparents or great grandparents if they're still alive, they solved sustainability with low tech and no money, at the cost of convenience and comfort obviously, but you can't have your cake and eat it too. [0] https://www.nrdc.org/resources/wasted-how-america-losing-40-... > How is this not just https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naturalistic_fallacy ? > The naturalistic fallacy is the idea that what is found in nature is good. My phrasing wasn't the best, but I'm not taking any moral ("what is good") stands here. If we can solve all the issues with moderate and sustainable meat/fish/eggs/dairy consumption, or even vegetarianism, I fail to see the appeal going the extra mile and going full vegan (unless we go into a moral argument but I don't think it's the point here), knowing that it most likely requires closer monitoring for deficiency. I might be wrong, but to me it seems to be the path of least resistance. I don't have time to look into it longer, but typing "enough resources for vegan world" in google gives me these. Either I chose very poor keywords, or veganism isn't the messiah that'll save us all. I tend to think that moderation is the key in pretty much any domain. https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2016/aug/16/v... https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/aug/25/vegani... https://www.businessinsider.de/veganism-may-be-unsustainable... https://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families... https://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families... You're not expected to keep them that long, it's targeted to people who buy the new generations pretty much as soon as they are released. Who's going to pay 30%-50% of a new version to replace his airpods or apple watch battery ? [0] It's the same with all these hi tech gadgets relying on tiny glued/soldered batteries. You can't replace them yourself because it's either proprietary hardware or you need to literally break the product to get to the battery. And companies either don't offer replacements or charge insane amount of money for them. Apple can boast all day long about ecology and using 100% recycled aluminium, at the end of the day they're shipping unfixable gadgets. [1][2] But it's thin and slick looking so I guess most people don't give a damn. The first time I saw a bose QC25 with AA batteries I almost burst out laughing but it's actually much more convenient than proprietary battery packs. Compare that to the new QC35: > As you were correctly advised, battery replacement is not a service that is offered. [3] We'll drown in these gadgets way before we drown due to the sea level rising. [0] > Run through your battery, and it’ll likely cost you $138 to replace both year-old batteries, which is nearly the cost of a new pair. https://www.inverse.com/article/49363-airpods-battery-warran... [1] https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Apple+Watch+Battery+Replacement... [2] https://ifixit.org/blog/8690/airpods-are-disposable/ [3] https://community.bose.com/t5/Headphones-Archive/Bose-Quietc... If you look at it through the status symbol / fashion statement lens it kind of make sense though. Afaik other companies make similarly priced wireless buds with better sound quality and similar battery life. I don't think that's the use case of all the You create the use case of needing extra range while charging the phone because audio over bluetooth significantly reduce the battery life in the first place. You shouldn't need to charge at the office even if you called non stop from 9 to 5. Phone in pocket + wired headphones = unlimited range and > 20 hrs talk time. > Because of a few people's low standard of perfection I'm sure they'd love to pursue perfection if they were paid decent wage and not pressured to be as fast / cheap as possible. It's easy to talk about perfection while sitting in a air conditioned office and slightly pressing on buttons while looking at a screen and getting paid 4-10 times the minimum wage these guys are getting while busting their asses outside no matter the weather. > Personally, I drink all my water exclusively from a well. Untouched by human "sanitation" efforts. Many things can be off with water coming from a well. Pollution, bacterias, &c. I hope you test / treat it often, otherwise it's not much safer than drinking tap water. > an online information/marketplace/intermediation firm Well, there is what airbnb say it is, and what it really is in reality. In a lot of places airbnb is a way to make big bucks via short term touristic rentals (coupled with no tax) instead of renting to actual people living in the city. This itself has creates many problems for local communities. I've seen houses with 4-5 airbnb room and professional cleaners etc ... it's an hotel, minus the security, minus the insurances. > Business models are changing along with the societal changes in communications technology. The other way to interpret it is: "disrupting tech startups are destroying communities and local businesses, by creating / enabling tentacular monopolies which operate above the law". How do you explain that airbnb payed less than 100k euros in 2016 in France, its 2nd biggest market at the time. [0] All these companies are going through seriously sketchy processes to make money [1] [2] [3], they just transfer their costs and responsabilities to foreign countries, local communities or their own employees. These things might fly in the US/UK (and even there people are fighting) but they sure won't fly in a lot of EU countries. [0] http://www.leparisien.fr/economie/airbnb-n-a-paye-que-92-944... [1] https://techcrunch.com/2019/01/16/we-company-ceo-in-hot-wate... [2] https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/nov/19/gig-economy... [3] https://www.bbc.com/news/business-46018104 What kind of argument is that though ? You should go to SF or NY and tell them it's just a supply problem, they probably haven't thought of it before. Do you know the cost of destroying + rebuilding bigger buildings in a city center ? Much higher than closing a few semi legal "airbnb hotels". And that's if you can even build in the city at all. > There's a finite amount of tourism/visitors It might be finite but it's exploding. Even semi remote places get crowded these days. https://ourworldindata.org/tourism > We already know half the country wants to leave and half wants to stay I get it's a democracy yada yada, but how are people expected to make such a decision ? It has so many consequences on short and long term, even experts in the field struggle(d) to predict. We're not talking about the color of a national football team jersey or a 1% increase on alcohol tax here. The vote wasn't about staying or leaving EU, it was about how modern propaganda can tear apart a leading world nation. You always get the worst of people when you target their irrational fears "they" steal our money (EU budget) , "they" invade our country (immigration), &c. Or realize that referendums shouldn't be used for anything other than getting a rough idea of the population's opinion and starting discussions between people who actually know what they're talking about. > worst anti-democratic statements Direct democracy isn't the only form of democracy. We're all irrational and biased, that's inherent to being human. Some people are more informed than other and there are processes to mitigate biases (direct democracy isn't one of them). The problem comes from people who have no business in the vote, no knowledge of the issues, are not even aware of what biases are, and drink the propaganda kool aid. Brexit was mostly about: - "we spend to much money on EU" - "too many migrants" Well first off London only strives because of international financial businesses, closing the borders and making it harder for people to migrate is a death sentence [0]. Since the vote Brexit cost the UK much more than what they contribute to the EU [1], they export/import ~50% of their good to/from Europe [2] Time will tell, what I'm convinced of is that Brexit was sold on lies. It might turns out good for them, but if it does it won't be because of good planning and well thought decisions, it'll be a combination of luck and really good damage control. [0] https://www.ft.com/content/371c63ba-4b08-11e9-8b7f-d49067e0f... [1] https://www.bbc.com/news/business-46338585 [2] https://fullfact.org/europe/uk-eu-trade/ s/comfort/safety ABS, ESP aren't only for the safety of the person buying the vehicle. You can have the latest, safest car money will buy and get plowed by a 30 years old land rover without any crumple zone and die because he couldn't stop in the snow/rain (bald tires, used break pads, &c.). It's always a balance between regulations and ""freedom"". In some US states you can drive anything as long as it has and engine and a plate. I lived in CA for a while, everyone drive with bald tire, I remember opening google maps on a rainy day, LA area was full of the red ! accident signs. The world is a big kindergarden, you can't expect people/companies to do what's best for themselves/others so you have to enforce the rules through laws and regulations. If companies were allowed to sell cars without safety features for a lower price people would buy them. Yeah but we're not in a car crash benchmark here. If you end up paraplegic and the other guy is dead you still lose. > When comparing old vs new cars the size difference is completely irrelevant. impact force = mass * speed² / (2 * distance) The crumple zone of modern car improves your _distance_ here, mass (size) still plays a huge role. > Of course, that's always the other people... I never said that. It's all about intellectual honesty. I know that I'm not qualified for my opinion to matter on the topic (I'm just debunking low quality propaganda here) despite the fact that I did hours of research on it. We don't ask random people about their opinion on string theory, do we ? > Laughable nonsense. https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-economy/brexit... https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2018/sep/29/britain-bil... https://qz.com/1477680/brexit-is-a-bad-idea-whichever-way-yo... https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-06-22/u-k-brexi... https://fullfact.org/europe/our-eu-membership-fee-55-million... > random politicians to know better? They're not random, you're supposed to vote for them. And they're supposed to represent your general opinion. They're supposed to have an education in politic/economics/&c. which makes them better equipped to make informed decisions. And it's supposed to be their full time job. Just like anyone can bake bread at home with no tools / minimum knowledge but the bakery at the corner of the street will make better bread. I don't have answers to your question but I guess it's fairly easy to either get a remote job or work as a freelancer these days. Depending on the country you visit / your home country it might be straight up illegal to work (visa limitations). In most countries you'll need a legal status (insurances, taxes, &c). You can game the system and probably get away with it for a while but when you eventually will settle down and need proof of income or other documents it'll be a pain. It's not a deal breaker per say but look into these things seriously. Afaik they did that after the NZ shooting to prevent people from finding the millions of reuploads of the killer's stream. Anecdata; I live in berlin and get about the same salary as my uni friends who stayed in Paris. I live in the city center 5 min away from my office and can eat every single meal in a restaurant + go out every other night for a couple of drinks without even having to look at my bank account. I'd be bankrupt in two weeks if I had the same lifestyle in Paris. Sure iphones and vacations cost the same, but restraining your day to day life (aka 95% of your life) to get the next apple gadget or plan your next vacation seems like a pretty bleak life plan. Creating more electronic waste for that once in a year time you need to locate your keys VS spending 15 min to find them. It's nice in theory but it doesn't really solve anything, a bit like Juicero, nike self lacing shoes, &c. If you start putting bluetooth tags on everything you could potentially forget somewhere you're in for a wild ride. afaik unstable airframes are the norm for some military/experimental planes (fighter jets for example) to allow more manoeuvrability. It's definitely not something you want (or need) on a commercial airplane, it adds a ton of complexity and you're not going to do a high G turn or a cobra manoeuvre with a 737. https://www.boldmethod.com/learn-to-fly/aerodynamics/3-types... > less well armed than the average suburban American, with no air force and no surface to air missiles You'd be surprised, they have access to a lot of old and not so old russian tech + captured weapons. Definitely not as effective as modern tech but much better than what a civilian can get anywhere in the world. Afaik talibans shot down multiple military planes and helicopters. Americans are fighting in Afghanistan for 17+ years, clearly they have more than spears and stones. 90% of the junk we consume is built in Asia. 90% of the trash we produce is shipped back to Asia and Africa for """recycling""". Sometimes it's good to take a few steps back and a good hard look at ourselves before blaming china / africa / russia / whoever_as_long_as_it_isn't_me. First world countries are the root cause of China's and Africa's pollution. Why do you think everything is delocalised there ? Because rich EU/US companies want to help the poor locals ? Or because it's cheap af and there are next to no regulations concerning pollution ? http://www.spiegel.de/international/tomorrow/electronic-wast... https://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/burning-truth-... Thank god I still haven't seen any in Berlin, but a few days ago I went to Paris for the dotgo and now I understand all the article about how bad they are. These scooter are hell on earth. They are everywhere, zipping through traffic more dangerously than bikes, often with 2 people on them. Parked in front of historical monuments, in public parks, sideways on the already small sidewalks. It's ridiculous. It's the blowback of romanticising city life. Just like these "van life" and "minimalist" trends There is also a big difference between playing stardew valley 2 hours a day sitting in a comfy sofa VS working 8+ hours a day in a farm no matter the weather. You can buy a farm in a remote area and be self sustainable in food / energy for not much, but yeah you won't make bay area money like that. If you make "just enough to live" but live the life you want, more power to you. No one if forced to join the city rat race. It's almost has if big companies were regulated but personal websites were not. > when some random small website It could be some random website. It could also be a 3 letters agency website training airport security face detection, a social engineering website, a random website storing images in a public s3 bucket. > The internet has reality distorted everyone's perspective. You give all your personal / biometric info when you get a new passport. If some rando guy were asking for your biometric data in a street would you give him ? > and will subtly lose free will and never notice they did. Isn't that happening for decades now ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJ3RzGoQC4s > the people not doing it will be more and more excluded from the regular system. Same with cars, phones, internet If we trust for profit private prisons to fight wildfires I don't see why we wouldn't trust them for other things. https://www.cnbc.com/2018/08/14/california-is-paying-inmates... > I wonder who will be next? You do that every few days when you solve captchas. I saw these menus in France, Germany and UK too. Looks like it isn't available in the US though, https://www.mcdonalds.com/us/en-us/about-our-food/our-food-y... As I said somewhere else, for decades we told us asbestos and lead in paint were ok. Big economical incentive + no study on health effect + lots of experts raising their voices = red flag imho. That being said we're all mostly ok with living in city centers and breathing constant exhaust fumes, I suspect most people just don't care that much about their health. > Mutual respect is vital. Yeah, seeing how you talk about women I guess you have a long road ahead of you. Creating a tmp account to roast minimum wage workers, classy. Feel free to go work as a reviewer at amazon/apple if you feel like you can improve the process. I'm sure you'll enjoy getting 20% of your current salary + being treated like an animal by basically everyone. It's pretty much universally illegal anywhere in the world for obvious security issues. It's also specifically illegal to install, import, sell and advertise jammers in France (.fr) Not sure about that particular plane, but it should be. Contrary to jet fighters they are made to be aerodynamically stable. You can fly (glide) them and even land with most systems switched off, including engines and main power. https://www.boldmethod.com/learn-to-fly/aerodynamics/3-types... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gimli_Glider https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_Airways_Flight_9 You can find "intelligent discourse" everywhere on internet, even on 4chan/8chan and the like. The issue is signal/noise ratio. Instagram is particularly weird to me, look at what's trending, semi naked teenagers/stars, selfies and ads, that's all, for miles of scrolling. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most-followed_Instagra... Guy Debord used "images" as a metaphor but with Instagram it's not even a metaphor anymore. > The spectacle is not a collection of images, but a social relation among people, mediated by images. > The celebrity, the spectacular representation of a living human being, embodies this banality by embodying the image of a possible role. Celebrities exist to act out various styles of living and viewing society unfettered .... They embody the inaccessible result of social labor by dramatizing its by-products magically projected above it as its goal: power and vacations, decision and consumption. > Where the real world changes into simple images, the simple images become real beings and effective motivations of hypnotic behavior. The spectacle [...] naturally finds vision to be the privileged human sense which the sense of touch was for other epochs; the most abstract, the most mystifiable sense corresponds to the generalized abstraction of present-day society. It is the opposite of dialogue. It's a very well documented topic. If they planned to move the data out of EU and/or process it in new way it doesn't surprise me that they'd need to get new agreements. But if you don't have the details it's hard to tell. https://www.dickinson-wright.com/news-alerts/the-gdpr-and-me... https://www.bakermckenzie.com/en/insight/publications/2018/0... https://gdpr.report/news/2018/06/21/buyer-beware/ > Not so sure about doing squats though.. Sitting all day (and night) long wreaks havok in your body, especially hip area joints/ligaments. Squatting might not increase your perf but it sure will improve your health. > yet good science fiction writers routinely do just that. I see two things going on here. - Science fiction influencing engineers / scientists. - Selection bias, how many sci-fo books/movies are completely wrong ? If you produce 100 000 scenarios surely some of them will be more or less comparable to reality. Did back to the future predict self lacing shoes ? Or did Nike invent self lacing shoes because of back to the future ? &c. Fascism is by definition extreme right. Communism is by definition extreme left. Reinterpreting history and meaning of words is a national sport now, especially when you can use "bad words" against your opponents but it's nice to use the appropriate words. Also, wanting free healthcare doesn't make you a communist, wanting market deregulation / more immigration control doesn't make you fascist. It's a bit like people saying Trump is the new Hitler. Open a history book and read, he isn't 5% of a Hitler. Using these words an comparison in these contexts completely destroy their meaning. > People who want to write "beautiful code" are not role models, don't listen to them. They are vain and not productive. People who push "mostly working" code are hell on earth. Sure you spend 5 hours less on it right now, but it's going to cost literal days or weeks down the line. How many times have I seen developers push some "good enough" code that they didn't discuss with anyone because it looks good to have XXX commits for their quarterly feedback. They knew "what" to implement but not "how" to implement it or even "why" implement it in the first place, which ends up in hours of useless discussions that would have been avoided by a 1hr meeting before starting coding. How many times have I seen people going for a DB, stick with it for years because "that's what google/facebook/whatever uses" and end up having to migrate everything to another DB because they went to fast and didn't spend 1/10th of the time on analysing their needs and writing specs. Do you spend 10 years designing a plane and then 6 months actually building it, or do you spend 6 month planning it and 10 years fixing broken, hacky, "mostly working" parts ? What works for school or hobby projects doesn't work in most professional environments, especially nowadays when developers stays 1-3 years in a company and move to the next job leaving a pile of unmaintainable "mostly working" code. Coding is the last stage of the process, it's the easy part, a monkey could implement the code if the specs and processes are solid. People who want to deliver at all cost are not role models, don't listen to them. They are vain and not productive. They might be capable coders but they're not capable engineers for sure. “Programs are meant to be read by humans and only incidentally for computers to execute.” ― Donald Knuth > In the U.S. The US has never been under fascist or communist governments so their definitions of said movements don't really matter. Hitler and Mussolini were fascists, Trump is just right wing with disputable opinions. Stalin and Mao were communists, AOC isn't even moderate left by communists standards. Saying that Trump is fascist and AOC a communist is plain ridiculous. Yes, fascism and communism do have, at least in the way they were implemented so far, things in common, but they're diametrically opposed. It's like saying you're a man AND a woman because men and women have 2 legs/arms and you do too. > Emotional and mental cost to the programmer is of less importance. Only if you want it to be like that. It's as if an assembly worker from 1930 was telling his mates that working 90 hours a week and wasting his health for a few $ is ok because it's good for their bosses. Might be ok if you're the #1 in a SV startup, sure, but everywhere else I doubt it'll take you very far. Maybe not "the end of the world", but "the end of a world". And 80% of tech startups. If you step back far enough everything is pointless besides having water, a shelter, food and a small community. It's life, read things, make up your opinions and implement the details yourself. I didn't even read half the article and it's already talking about not working full time. That's a very actionable thing. It's the #1 time consuming thing in your life. You spend most of the day doing it, for most of your life. It's not the 1800s anymore. "Unfortunately for these neo-economist thinkers, these proofs belong to the nineteenth century, a time when the misery of the working classes made the right to work the counterpart of the right to be a slave, claimed at the dawn of time by prisoners about to be massacred. Above all it was a question of surviving, of not disappearing physically. The imperatives of production are the imperatives of survival; from now on, people want to live, not just to survive." - Raoul Vaneigem Most countries don't even fix pot holes in their capitals, I don't see them rebuilding their entire road infrastructure for autonomous cars. I think people underestimate the number of data points fb/google has access to. Many of these examples can be explained by other things. Receiving baby items ads while no one knows your wife is pregnant ? Well maybe she googled a brand of baby strollers and fb used its graph + the fact that you're at the same location everyday after work to determine you're her husband. Receiving ads for a small music band you only heard at that open mic night you randomly joined 3 days ago ? There probably was an event on fb with the list of bands that played that night + logged in the bar wifi. With the number of people in the "hacker" community who want to prove fb and google are bad we'd already have real technical proof of it happening. Either they send the data back to a server and process it there, or process it on the device directly, both of which should be fairly easy to detect. What's the use case besides delivering to remote areas ? I can get Zipline's mission [0], but personal deliveries ... ? A UPS truck with hundreds of packages surely is more efficient than an army of drones in urban areas. https://x.company/projects/wing/ > "Wing is developing a new method of transporting goods that’s faster, cheaper, and more environmentally friendly" What's the advantage compared to an electric van ? > 27% of greenhouse gas emissions come from transportation. I mean, yeah sure, but changing the last 3km of the delivery from van to drone won't change the fact that the coffee beans or new iphone you just bought came from the other side of the world via shipping containers which is 99%+ of the pollution associated to the delivery. [1] [0] https://flyzipline.com [1] https://medium.com/@victoria27/heres-how-much-pollution-ship... Unplug from internet. You don't need to know about middle eastern wars, african famines, gun related crimes in the US. All you need to know and care for is right now + right where you are. Focus on your local communities, improve things there, be a good friend, a good roommate, a good colleague, a good gf/bf, &c. Overcome the negative bias [0][1] of your brain, and if you can't handle negative news stay away from them. There is enough bad shit happening in the world in a single day to feel like shit 24/7 for the rest of your life. You'll be out in [0] https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/articles/200306/our-brain... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Negativity_bias https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodhart%27s_law Meanwhile, Waymo's CEO says they're not even close to have all weather autonomous cars. [0] Highway auto speed matching, emergency braking, lane changing, ok yeah, it's almost completely there if you forget about the few crashes. But all weather driving outside of highways won't be there in 2 years, not for tesla, not for waymo. [0] https://www.cnet.com/news/alphabet-google-waymo-ceo-john-kra... > Notre Dame will be fine. The walls maybe, but the roof is mostly wood, made 800+ years ago, it's gone, the statues, the drapes, the windows, the bells and the clock are gone forever. I'm following the french live coverage. Apparently the chief architect confirmed that no workers were present on the building at that time. > words such as "may", "might", "could". It's Earth, not a deployment you can rollback, we don't get to play that game. We're talking hundreds or thousands of years before we'll know how bad we fucked up. Almost every life forms on the planet are linked one way or another, every changes has an impact. Remember when DDT, asbestos and lead plumbing were harmless to humans ? Then they were classified as "could" be dangerous or "may" be harmful. Now they're straight up banned everywhere. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5918521/ https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4780651/ https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/from-fish-to-huma... https://www.healthline.com/health-news/how-dangerous-are-mic... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endocrine_disruptor https://environmentjournal.online/articles/microplastic-poll... That's the price of running after (technological) progress at all cost. Nothing in our day to day life makes sense on an ecological level, nothing at all. Food, all our useless tech gadgets, ICE vehicles right next to where we live / sleep, being able to take the plane to go 1000km away for the price of a lunch in a restaurant, mass tourism, iot shit, 90% of startups, &c. But we're comfy and warm, plus at the end of the day we get to watch the new junk netflix produced this week on our 4k tablet. The very same tablet we'll have to dump in 18 months when the battery dies and it'll cost more to replace it than to buy the next iteration. We can even go on internet places like HN and Twitter to virtue signal about how bad we're treating the planet (as I'm doing right now) while sending 0s and 1s to servers all around the world, you know, the same servers used to share picture of cats and fake news while consuming terawatts of electricity. But I get my daily costa rican banana, my japanese tea, I can eat meat at every meal, my smart light bulbs know my location and switches on when I arrive home, my company sponsored laptop costs 5 time the annual age of a Chadian, everything's fine. We sacrificed the future for instant convenience and comfort, we more than deserve what's coming to us. https://www.spiegel.de/international/tomorrow/electronic-was... https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-06610-y https://www.boredpanda.com/award-winning-chinese-photographe... https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2016/12/your-kitchen-and-the-... https://news.vice.com/en_us/article/43jgdn/you-can-blame-ins... I hate to be that guy but, did you read any of the links I provided ? It's not as if a weird hippie guy was predicting the end of the world. It's scientifically proven, measurable, it's right here, right now. And it's just the beginning of a very long process. > the same way that smog in cities (mostly solved in developed nations) and CFCs were problems. "were" ? Unless you live in the country side it _is_ an immediate problem to your health and a time bomb for the planet. https://www.who.int/airpollution/en/ > mostly solved in developed nations That's exactly the type of thinking that will destroy us. It's always China, or Russia, or developing countries, or your neighbours, or the damn democrats/republicans. Nobody wants to take responsibility. Let's continue to act like 8 years old while our home is slowly burning. "During this year I missed out on a Mozilla all-hands, I’ve been invited to the US several times to talk at conferences that I had to decline and a friend is getting married there this summer and I can’t go." Wouldn't all these things be covered by an esta? https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/esta/ Edit: nevermind he talks about it in the other linked article https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/2018/07/28/administrative-purgat... http://www.wikiwand.com/en/Roadside_Picnic I opted out of the rat race, life has much more to offer than software engineering, or work for that matter. Unless you're naturally gifted you'll have to sacrifice your life to get good at flipping 0s and 1s in machines. I don't value software that much, as long as it brings food on the table I'm happy. Forest fires are part of the natural life of forests, trying to stop them is counter productive, the more you delay them the more fuel there is to burn (accumulation of fuel: dead plants, dead trees, &c.) Not everything has to be fixed by technology and controlled by humans. https://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-news/how-forest-fires... Yes we do try to control them, but that's a last resort, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EodxubsO8EI Same problem with Texas and floods, Florida and hurricanes, &c. building in risk zones is inherently dangerous. The people who died knew the risks. It won't transport your luggages but it'll transport your soul. /s > when I'm sick for 3 weeks and still getting worse You must have a super weak immune system if that happens often. Which is a symptom of taking too much antibiotics / medicine. > fuck the greater good Individualism is the cancer of humanity, do your part. https://newatlas.com/antibiotics-counteract-immune-system/52... http://microbeminded.com/2018/03/31/antibiotics-immunosuppre... > Feminism fights for women's rights, but not men's I mean, that's the whole purpose. I don't have a crystallised opinion on 3rd wave feminism but the 1st and 2nd were clearly necessary. It's like saying the black panthers were bad because they were not fighting for white people's rights. You could fly with guns and smoke cigs in planes in the 50s-60s, that was true freedom, right ? Planes were hijacked all the time, and back then they weren't nearly as many planes as now. [0] > so much of what made air travel fun It's not supposed to be "fun", flying isn't a right, it's a privilege that enabled mass tourism which is an ecological and cultural plague. People take easyjet/ryanair like they take their cars to go grocery shopping, Berlin, Paris, Rome, &c. are now hell on earth. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_aircraft_hijackings > In what sense are they "hell" Deezer/Jump/OFO/Mobike/DonkeyRepublic bikes everywhere, now they even started using electric scooters, parking them in front of monuments, in the middle of the already small sidewalks, on the road (??!) You can't go to museum/parks/monuments/local biergarten. Public transports can't keep up. Even worst, roads can't keep up (uber + car2go + taxis everywhere) Half of the flats in touristic areas are aribnbs, artificially increasing local prices + kicking local people out. Artificially increases restaurants / bars prices. I don't even get how tourists are having fun, it's literally like queuing in Disneyland to see/do the most basic things and take the same pictures as everyone else. I saw hundreds of people queueing for 2+ hours for a famous burger / kebab place, if that's what you consider "fun" and "freedom" ... > how come you think free movement is a privilege Never said that. Now that people can buy a Paris<>Berlin tickets for the price of a restaurant they go enjoy their mindless 3 days of paradise, wreak havoc on the locals, and move to their next destination. It's just like freedom of speech, when abused it starts to get nasty. > When culture becomes nothing more than a commodity, it must also become the star commodity of the spectacular society. - Guy Debord > Ideology, information and > culture > you would like to have active and passive citizens ? No, just informed and non destructive tourism. The number of tourists coming to berlin, for example, doubled in 10 years, the infrastructure almost didn't change in the same time. 3.5 million inhabitants, 14[0] millions annual tourists. Every single month of the year: 40%+ of the population is made of tourists. [0] edit: 13.5 million guests, 32.9 million overnight stays. https://about.visitberlin.de/en/materialien/toolkit/tourism-... https://ourworldindata.org/tourism Lower for who ? https://www.healthsystemtracker.org/chart-collection/health-... > I was desperate for a job > decided to put everything else on hold > That in turn is making my life miserable ... anxiety attacks > Why get someone's hopes high just to fuck them right in the face > because there were a bunch of typos in it. Overall if OP manages to process it the right way it'll be a very good life lesson. Never put yourself in such a weak position if you can't accept defeat. Also, if it took him 50 hours, either the task was way to big or he wasn't a fit. - Spending a lot of time on something doesn't equal success - Don't get miserable over things that are not in your control [0] - Don't trust companies, they're money printing machines, not charities. - Most people don't care about you / your time, unless it's in their direct personal interest - Always have a backup plan [0] http://www.sacred-texts.com/cla/dep/dep045.htm Don't you lose your job sponsored health care after being laid off ? Or is it expected that companies keeps you employed when you get a cancer / other high impact health issues ? > How much will people pay for an extra 5-10 years? > Everything. Yeah as long as it doesn't require any effort. Exercise every day, stop alcohol, stop smoking, start eating well. You might not live longer but you'll live in good health longer, which is all that matter in the end. I'd take living until 60 in full physical and mental shape over slowly rotting in a retirement home until 90. If we truly cared about health we wouldn't accept ICE cars inside our cities, fast food, sodas, fat acceptance movements, &c. We're not killed by diseases anymore, we're killed by sloth and gluttony. If you zoom out far enough everything is just your brain tripping balls trying to process electric signals from faulty/limited sensors. > We have a very precise definition of time > a second is Well that's a very precise definition of a second (unit of time), but not of time itself. To the people who replied: he's not wrong though. The only reason Uber still exists is because it is modern day slavery. The bet of uber was to get rid of drivers asap and get a fleet of autonomous vehicles [0], they were _way_ too optimistic, now they're just slowly dying and trying to diversify (bikes, food, &c.). You can't sell a $10 product for $7 indefinitely. Uber is the symptom of a broken system, pumping seemingly unlimited investors money based on false promises. The only winners in this game already left the boat (Kalanick for example). This type of slave like jobs were predicted in the 60s already: > If the social labor (time) engaged by the society is not to diminish because of automation (or any other less extreme form of increasing the productivity of labor), then new jobs have to be created. Services, the tertiary sector, swell the ranks of the army of distribution and are a eulogy to the current commodities; the additional forces which are mobilized just happen to be suitable for the organization of redundant labor required by the artificial needs for such commodities. - Guy Debord [0] https://www.computerworld.com/article/2945817/uber-will-buy-... > I've always thought that makers of image capture equipment were striving to create technology to capture the world, as it is, without any bias towards any particular subject. You'd be surprised, especially with pre-digital photo. Each film emulsion has its own characteristics. I won't go to much into details because it's explained all over the internet already, but here is a quick comparison of a few emulsions: https://www.thephoblographer.com/2017/11/27/quick-comparison... That's a bad example, half the pic is white (white guys + white shirts), the other half is black (black guys + black suits and dark background). Even with today's tech it's easy to mess a picture like that. It also looks like it was badly scanned / digitalised., cameras in the 90s were way more capable than that. There is no magic, photography is all about light, darker skin colors reflect less light, thus you need to ramp up the exposure or the sensitivity of the film, which destroys details/highlights. The only racial related thing here would be the photographer chosing to correctly expose one skin color over another. That one is similar to your pic but even with the bad resolution you can tell it's much better : https://usercontent1.hubstatic.com/13875852_f520.jpg Idk what type of film was used for that particular pic but some films are made to better render white people's skin tones (kodak portra for example), while other are made for the asian markets, some are better for snowy/sandy landscapes, other for blueish/greenish scenes, &c. On the other hand, black and white film works very well on black people: https://i2-prod.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article8111113.ece/ALT... There is a difference between maintaining your body's strength andrunning after PRs at all cost (over feeding, spending hours in the gym, drugs, &c.). Stoics especially don't value "externals" that much, which includes the body. > For although the body needs many things in order to be strong, yet the mind grows from within, giving to itself nourishment and exercise. Yonder athletes must have copious food, copious drink, copious quantities of oil, and long training besides; but you can acquire virtue without equipment and without expense. All that goes to make you a good man lies within yourself. > Now there are short and simple exercises which tire the body rapidly, and so save our time; and time is something of which we ought to keep strict account. These exercises are running, brandishing weights, and jumping, – high-jumping or broad-jumping, or the kind which I may call, "the Priest's dance," or, in slighting terms, "the clothes-cleaner's jump." Select for practice any one of these, and you will find it plain and easy. But whatever you do, come back soon from body to mind. The mind must be exercised both day and night, for it is nourished by moderate labour. and this form of exercise need not be hampered by cold or hot weather, or even by old age. Cultivate that good which improves with the years. - Seneca You need a purpose and a routine. Why do you want to be successful ? What's your definition of success ? Is it something you really want / or is it pushed by friends / social media / internal representation of success ? > See others succeed, get motivated a bit more It sounds very dumb but focus on the journey, not on the destination. I got fit when I started to enjoy going to the gym (took 1+ year). I didn't like sport and I had a mental image of what a gym guy was, I couldn't identify to that image. Now I'm 5 years in, go bouldering, running and at the gym every single week, it doesn't feel like success and I still don't identify as a fit/gym guy. Once it's part of your daily/weekly routine you don't need motivation, you do these things because you're hard wired to. It takes years, but one day you'll wake up and think "damn, I'm fit / good a guitar / glad I sticked to my business idea for the last 5 years / &c." Also keep in mind that success isn't a fixed point, it's an endless ladder, each step being your next definition of success. You can be successful at many things but if you don't take the time to reflect on them you'll feel like a constant failure. > I see folks who are disciplined, are ruthless executors, are self-motivated Do you know them personally or do you trust the internet's success stories ? People like to romanticise their achievements with fancy origin stories, struggles, &c. A few resources: https://www.artofmanliness.com/articles/get-1-better-every-d... https://www.artofmanliness.com/articles/building-breaking-ha... Have you seen the harness ? [0] You might be able to strap a gps or a camera on it, but a weapon ?! What's up with all the articles "russia/china bad" popping up recently ? > In 1980s Soviet Russia, a programme saw dolphins recruited for military training Yeah, just like any nation with enough defence budget. Dolphins/sea lions [1], dogs, rats [2], &c. are used all the time. [0] https://www.sciencealert.com/mysterious-whale-wearing-strang... [1] https://www.businessinsider.com/5-animals-that-serve-in-the-... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/APOPO And the US are the good guys, never played a role in foreign countries political systems, never spied on anyone, never started wars, killed civilians in countless countries, founded terrorists organisations, &c. ? It's very easy to tell the bad guys to stop being bad, while doing the same things and pretending it's right. You don't even have to go back to MKULTRA or vietnam, it's happening right now. But be careful, the mean russians have whales with light harnesses and the chinese have backdoors in all our technology. It's even sillier than most WW1/2 propaganda. https://www.telesurenglish.net/news/Trump-Admin-Wants-500M-t... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civilian_casualties_in_the_war... https://www.dw.com/en/trumps-golan-recognition-a-dangerous-p... https://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2018/11/03/dozens-us-... https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jun/03/us-isi... I rarely see negative threads about the US on hackernews, but not a day goes by without the regular anti chinese/russian propaganda, especially concerning military and/or technology. That's how we ended up with microwave ovens. > In 1945, the specific heating effect of a high-power microwave beam was accidentally discovered by Percy Spencer, an American self-taught engineer from Howland, Maine. Employed by Raytheon at the time, he noticed that microwaves from an active radar set he was working on started to melt a chocolate bar he had in his pocket. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microwave_oven#Discovery Anecdata: the less time I spend on my phone/computer the more social I get. Everything interesting in my life so far happened organically when I went out of my comfort zone or when I wasn't expecting it. > How can we use technology to remove some of the work in facilitating these ... and make us less lonely. I don't think we need more tech to solve this issue, just go out, talk to people. Online communities help shut-ins to stay shut-ins, not to open up. It gives you a sense of being part of a community but it's not anywhere close to the real deal. Anything more complete/complex than meetup.com is already too much. Use the web to find a local DnD / movie / wood working / whatever club, then switch off your computer and go there. Yoga is pretty much meditation + stretching + balance exercises. It sure is overhyped if you only know it through ""influencers"" but if you dig a bit it's quite good + you don't need to go to fancy yoga studios, just use a foam pad and youtube. Have you ever noticed all these buff dudes at the gym who look like goblins ? Well, that's because they don't stretch and focus on pecs / shoulders / arms, combine that with an office job and you'll do more harm than good > we don't claim people who die from a heart attack to have died because of cheeseburger overdose... We kind of do though, it's not the case for all of them but poor nutrition has always been linked with cardiovascular issues. It's like if you said, "nah he didn't die because he smoked 5 packs a day, he died of lung cancer" https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5558083/ What's next? Cars kill people so it's ok to sell military grade weapons to civilians? Heroin should be legal because alcohol is legal? Cars and roads would be designed way differently if they had to be legalized today. Lucky us we don't have to deal with 100+ years of lobbying and history with e-scooters so we can act quickly. Accepting something bad because something equally bad already exists doesn't seem like a very defensible position. I doubt the demographics of car users and bike/scooter sharing users intersects a lot. I've seen it in Berlin and Paris, it's mostly tourists and young people, they don't have cars in the first place. It's not A replace B, it A + 90% of B. Just like car sharing doesn't replace that many cars, it just allows people who couldn't afford to own one full time to use one from time to time. > I feel guilty leaving the company and the team, and worried it could really set the company back at this crucial stage. You shouldn't feel guilty of that. You get one chance at life, a job is a job, it's here to bring money to take care of yourself / your loved ones. What's the point of working if you don't even get time to take care of your family ? Try to project yourself in 20 years, what will you think looking back at this decision ? "I'm sad I let down my company" or "I'm sad I let down my family" ? Especially as engineer, it's not like it's your only career possibility. You can fuck up professionally 10 times in a row without a major impact on your life, you don't get to fuck up your family life. Also, what @ossie said, if you can find a balance without leaving the startup, go for it. "Hey guys I'm all for saving the world and stuff but I have to beat my squat PR so it doesn't apply to me because chewing beans is annoying compared to eating chicken" This is exactly why we're doomed. Everybody wants to "save the world", everybody knows what to do, nobody does it because it's incompatible with our current self destructing life style. No you don't >need > At the heart of capitalism is a vast and scarcely examined assumption: you are entitled to as great a share of the world’s resources as your money can buy. You can purchase as much land, as much atmospheric space, as many minerals, as much meat and fish as you can afford, regardless of who might be deprived. If you can pay for them, you can own entire mountain ranges and fertile plains. You can burn as much fuel as you like. Every pound or dollar secures a certain right over the world’s natural wealth. https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/commentisfr... > A bit silly, there are plenty of Good Reasons to eat meat. Yes, but no reason to eat meat every day / multiple time a day. > I must be a vegan to be a true environmentalist. No, just act according to your beliefs. If you willingly do something going against what you preach then you should look into yourself, you're either lying to us or lying to yourself. You don't have to be an extremist, if everyone was acting on the low hanging fruits [0] it would already help immensely. [0] Eat local food, don't waste food, reduce meat consumption, don't overuse AC/heating, don't be one of these guys who take the plane every weekend, don't buy useless low quality gadgets, &c. Also: https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/Let... > he had raised an additional $1.6 million for his canned-water startup It's always blowing my mind that smart/rich people invest time/energy/money in such useless ventures. On one hand everyone knows we're fucking the planet big time with mindless production/consumption, on the other hand you can spend $21.99 on 6L of water, in alu cans ... sweet sweet ""progress"" I guess. Buy a metal/glass bottle and fill it yourself. It's the most convenient / least polluting way to go. Depending on where you live some bottles might be consigned and reused (I know they do it that way in berlin) It's "reduce, reuse, recycle" for a reason, "reduce" has a much bigger impact then "recycle". Sure, if you judge things depending on how much money you can get in the least amount of time it makes sense. The question is: when do we stop being ok with subsidising instant profit by selling our future well being ? Would you trade one of your lung for a 5$ bill ? No, well that's what we're doing right now. Are you implying that there is a system free of flaws that we have yet to discover ? First, "democracy" is pretty vague, do you mean direct democracy, representative democracy, presidential democracy, &c. Then "democracy" isn't a fixed thing, it's been changing continuously for thousands of years. 500BC Athens democracy hasn't much to do with today's US version of democracy. So no, we don't "keep it flawed". Democracy means "power to the people", the way you implement it might be flawed but the underlying principle sounds very sane. > think how software evolves. now think how democracy stagnates Change doesn't necessarily mean progress. You don't get to "move fast and break things" in geopolitics. Nice, women won't be the only one able to fuck up their hormones now. It seems that STDs are on the rise since AIDS became "just another std" and lost its fear factor. Let's see how the male "pill" will affect these stats. http://www.ashasexualhealth.org/cdc-data-shows-std-rates-con... Unlimited growth in a finite environment... I'm sure there is an 'end' but I'm not sure getting to the 'end' is a 'goal'. Let's see how we handle going from a 4+:1 working:retired ratio to something closer to 1:1 though. It's very concerning, especially with all these "XX% of the population live pay-check to pay-check" articles. Up until now the whole system was relying on continuous growth to take care of the elderly (both physically and financially). It's a good thing in the long term, but it might suck big time short term wise. > I have been consuming philosophy/philosophical themed content That might be a good way to start but you should not see it as something to "consume". You can consume all the philosophical content of the world, but if you don't put in the work to reflect and internalise what you consumed it's not much better than consuming netflix shows. It's very easy to fall into this trap these days, lot's of podcasts and youtube channels about self improvement, making it fun &c. while in reality they're just scraping the top of a bottomless pit of knowledge. It's like a new form of entertainment / feel good hobby. You also have to be careful about where you get your infos from, (over) simplification (like on https://www.philosophybro.com/ ) can be detrimental. It took decades for some philosophers to articulate their ideas, you have to dig into their work if you want to truly understand the authors. Find an author you like, stick to it. Read about him/her, naturally you'll discover other authors & themes gravitating around him/he. It'll slowly open up your horizons. Learn about the history of philosophy too, very interesting and it can give you hints about what you'd like to learn. > Be careful, however, lest this reading of many authors and books of every sort may tend to make you discursive and unsteady. You must linger among a limited number of master-thinkers, and digest their works, if you would derive ideas which shall win firm hold in your mind. Everywhere means nowhere. When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends. And the same thing must hold true of men who seek intimate acquaintance with no single author, but visit them all in a hasty and hurried manner. - Seneca When you have a 4:1 worker:retired ratio the burden on workers is much lighter than when you have a 1:1 ratio. See public retirement funds as a big ponzi scheme, it only works if people getting in > people cashing out. Living pay checks to pay checks means that you have 0 margin and will l00% rely on society to survive. > Shouldn't lower supply and higher demand for workers result in higher wages? I don't think it's that simple. It's a societal / economical problem on a world scale, not an economy 101 course, I don't think anyone can predict where we're going but it'll definitely require some major changes. > At the same time, automation will "Automation will ..." has been used for 60+ years. If all these prophets were right we'd be working 3 hours a day by now. As long as we (collectively) are not ok with people not working, all automation does is moving people from shitty jobs to other shitty jobs (mostly in the service industry). Well I like down to earth philosophy that I can incorporate in my day to day life, I really enjoy Seneca and Epictetus in that regard. But it's not really related to > Metaphysics, Philosophy of Science, Philosophy of Mind We're talking about daily 24/24 exposure for the rest of your life. I don't think we can put 3 mice in a cage, blast them for 3 hours and declare that it only had a weak effect = it's safe. We added lead to car fuel to improve performances and told people it was safe for decades, we're still paying the price of that mistake today. Man the chinese are taking the hoax way too far. /s We need a major shift in our ways of producing/consuming and on our quest for progress at all cost. We're heading for major issues, even in the short term. Humanity is committing suicide and taking Life with her. https://reliefweb.int/report/world/climate-migrants-might-re... https://www.biologicaldiversity.org/programs/biodiversity/el... Because it's much easier to deny something that big than to take care of it. We'd need a economic/cultural revolution at a global scale. Everything has to scale down, no more ICE, not more plastic, no more food imported from the other side of the world, reduce meat consumption, reduce traveling &c. The current system is based on unlimited and exponential growth, everything else is considered a failure. An unlimited growth in a finite environment isn't possible, it's called instability. The second problem is that many people convince themselves that "Science" will save us, that we'll terraform Mars or that shifting to electric cars will be enough, but that's too little, too late. Even if we'd hit our ecological goals, and we're not, we'd be far from fixing the problem. We don't need to slow down, we need a complete paradigm shift. It's like when you move form a basic 40sq meter flat to a fancy 250sq meter house, going back is very hard. Yeah right, how much does it cost to ship 1kg in space again ? Do we even have the raw resources on earth / the tech to move everyone to a new planet and terraform it before we're all toast ? Even if we do what's your moral standpoint on the fact that humanity destroyed 3+ billion years of evolution on earth in a few hundred years ? Who in their right mind think that terraforming a planet is easier than just stopping destroying our home planet ? Even if we do move to a new planet, in what kind of conditions will we live, I doubt we'd have even 10% f the comfort we have today. So why not scale down here, on earth, in the first place ? Internal Combustion Engines See that's exactly what I'm talking about. We have a very real thing happening right now on earth with extreme consequences: major species extinction, air pollution, water pollution, soon to be ecological refugees, &c. But the answer is mining asteroid and having a moon base. Why would we care about asteroid gold and the few ( But sure in the big scheme of things it's not changing much, it's more of a personal / moral position. "technology will save us" isn't a performative utterance. It's barely better than saying "god will save us". Tech will certainly play a role, but I'm convinced that without a cultural, political and economical change we're doomed. Saying "tech will save us" make people believe that they have no part to play, no responsibility. We know what to do, the fact is that we're not acting fast enough. "At the heart of capitalism is a vast and scarcely examined assumption: you are entitled to as great a share of the world’s resources as your money can buy. You can purchase as much land, as much atmospheric space, as many minerals, as much meat and fish as you can afford, regardless of who might be deprived. If you can pay for them, you can own entire mountain ranges and fertile plains. You can burn as much fuel as you like. Every pound or dollar secures a certain right over the world’s natural wealth." https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/mar/15/capita... I don't think that's where the question is. The issue is that other species dying might very well take us down too. It's an ecosystem where everything is interconnected, sure you can remove a few species here and there and nothing will change, but remove enough of them and we'll start seeing the consequences. A good analogy is the Eiffel tower, you can remove a bolt, 10 bolts, 100 bolts, it'll still hold fine, remove one too many and it'll collapse. The metal will still be there (earth) but it won't be the Eiffel tower anymore (Life). > The current rate of extinction of species is estimated at 100 to 1,000 times higher than natural background rates. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holocene_extinction But that's the whole point though. We're creating bs jobs to replace the bs jobs we automated. What's our goal as a society ? Shouldn't we think about working less, better spreading wealth, figuring out a plan so people don't have to work multiple jobs to barely survive ? Right now almost everywhere in the world we're heading for longer work week and increased retirement age. So much for "automation will deliver us from work" we've heard over and over again for the last 60 years. Discussed here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19897250 > I grew up in a country where communism has won - I know for sure that it's an utopia. I don't think communism is the answer either. > I really hate communists, socialists and other imbeciles who believe that people/business should give their money to lazy people just to make everybody "equal". That's a very individualistic point of view, I used to hold a similar one a few years ago but traveling made me change my mind. Look at the US for example, people are dying of diabetes, in 2019, because they can't afford insulin. That's in the #1 country in the world according to "the market". It might be lazy people, it might also be disabled people, people born in the wrong place / at the wrong time, people who didn't get the opportunity to develop, &c. The question isn't even "why are these people failing?", but "how do we handle them humanely?". It's life, shit happens, your parents die prematurely, you get sick, your company declares bankruptcy and you get fire out of nowhere. The day you'll have kids or, hopefully not, a car accident, a cancer or other high impact disease, you'll be happy that all these "imbeciles" paid a bit of your hundred thousand dollar bills you'll owe to the hospital / schools. > just to make everybody "equal". No, people are not equal Sure they're not, nothing is. It's not about making people equal, it's about not letting people go down too far. You can shift the blame on people all you want ("somebody is just a lazy alcoholic"), but in the end we're products of our environment. Individuals shape society, society shapes individuals. There are people having full time jobs who won't be able to live when they retire without public pensions, what do you tell to these people ? "Too bad you were too lazy, go die somewhere else" ? When I'm talking about spreading wealth I'm not talking about the average worker giving even more of his money, I'm talking about the top 10%, the people who game the system going through every loophole available to avoid paying tax. > we should think how to train people for new skills/professions, required by the market. We're already doing that, and in a perfect world yeah, it might work. But I don't see that happening, we'll always have people less capable than others, people who chose or get pushed on different paths. Also, idk where you live but (moderate) socialism brought us weekends (yeah before workers started to unionize in europe we were workin 10 hours a day 7/7), vacation days, sick days, health insurance, social security, work insurances, maternity/paternity leave, unemployment benefits, a moon base would cost upwards of 20 billion USD. It doesn;t have much to do with the original topic, but I think you're way underestimating it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ouiTMXuDAQ https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19892993 > US/Israel are democracies where you are unlikely to be eg locked up without a fair trial. MKULTRA, guantanamo, Stuxnet, PRISM and other 3 letters agency abuses [0][1], &c. and that's only the stuff we know about. > Then there’s the Palestinians... (sigh) See: https://www.dw.com/en/trumps-golan-recognition-a-dangerous-p... [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_surveillance_disclosure... [1] https://www.aclu.org/blog/national-security/privacy-and-surv... > All my life I've thought spyware was developed primarily by evil Russian and Chinese hackers. They're build by any government/entity having sufficient resources to build them, there is no good or bad guys in that story. Even if you take the most pessimistic estimate of the worst nuclear accident we experienced (Chernobyl) you top at Outside of direct exposure to radioactive material there isn't much going to kill you. The very big difference is that a functioning nuclear plant doesn't kill people whereas the oil/gas industry kills by default even in the best case scenario. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deaths_due_to_the_Chernobyl_di... [1] https://www.who.int/airpollution/en/ I'm all for nuclear but let's be honest here, many more people died prematurely because of Chernobyl, the nuclear cloud were all over Europe, the thousands of people who were on site to contain the disaster got very high doses of radiation too. https://ourworldindata.org/what-was-the-death-toll-from-cher... The vast majority of people will never encounter any radiation caused by a radioactive plant in their life, so this line of thought doesn't even make sense. > 91% of the world population live in area where air quality exceeds WHO guideline [0] If I had the choice I'd go for a And let's be real, accident related deaths are a drop in the bucket. [0] https://www.who.int/airpollution/en/ You don't get to throw your dog's shit on the neighbour yard and complain when he throws it on the sidewalk. edit: so what do you do when a contract is breached for years ? Find a solution or point the finger while closing your eyes on the issue because you know there is no other cost effective way to take care of the problem ? > Recycled waste certainly shouldn't be ending up in rivers. Recycling is a pipe dream. In fact it means shipping tones of garbage to 3rd world country and let them do the grunt work. Out of sight out of mind. https://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/burning-truth-... https://www.spiegel.de/international/tomorrow/electronic-was... That's why you have code reviews and don't let anyone merge their own code or at least not deploy it themselves. You shouldn't be able to compromise `prod` from the `test` stage. Why is there a loneliness epidemic if everything is equal and social media is just as good as real connections ? > Societies change, connections change. Change doesn't mean change for the best. Asking questions is totally reasonable when you look at the changes happening in the last decade. How come people, teenagers especially, are feeling more lonely while they're infinitely more connected than 20 years ago ? Why is suicide becoming the leading cause of teenagers' death ? &c. Looks like a lot of people think change = progress = good, without even questioning it. > I don't need to pretend to worship a deity The irony is that technology is becoming a deity. "Don't question tech", "Tech is good, always good", "We must thrive for technological advancement at all cost", "Technical advancement is always progress", &c. https://www.bbc.com/news/education-43711606 https://www.prb.org/suicide-replaces-homicide-second-leading... WeWork is so shady, I don't even understand how half of what they do is legal. https://www.businessinsider.com/wework-ceo-adam-neumann-offi... It does. Almost any car will be more efficient around 50-60mph. But it only matters on highway where the bottleneck is due to aerodynamism, at lower speed you might be less efficient at 20mph than 30mph for example. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuel_economy_in_automobiles "Speeding and traffic safety have a small correlation." You know what doesn't have a _small_ correlation? Speeding and efficiency. Above 60mph almost any car lose an insane amount of efficiency due to aerodynamic drag. I'm all for raising the speed limit but we should get rid of ICE before doing so. Don't you think the medium used to communicate ideas determine how fast and far they spread ? Sure I can go down in the streets, shout my hate speech at the top of my lungs, put propaganda flyers in random mailboxes, &c ... Or I can upload a video to all video hosting websites and reach more people a single day than I could do in a lifetime of organic propaganda. It's like saying internet didn't reshape the world because we could already send data over long distance before, yeah sure if you consider that a boat going from EU to US with hand written letters is just as good as our current 60 Tbps ocean internet cable. Also, don't forget that the Nazis were elected to power and were the official government, it's much easier to use propaganda when you're in that kind of position. It's not everyday I quote Ted Kaczynski, but I think he had a valid point when, in his manifesto, he theorise that no amount of regulation is capable of making us safe from technological abuse. 125 - 135 from: https://www.josharcher.uk/static/files/2018/01/Industrial_So... . > It is not possible to make a LASTING compromise between technology and freedom, because technology is by far the more powerful social force and continually encroaches on freedom through REPEATED compromises. > A technological advance that appears not to threaten freedom often turns out to threaten it very seriously later on ... In many cases the new technology changes society in such a way that people eventually find themselves FORCED to use it. > While technological progress AS A WHOLE continually narrows our sphere of freedom, each new technical advance CONSIDERED BY ITSELF appears to be desirable. > Another reason why technology is such a powerful social force is that, within the context of a given society, technological progress marches in only one direction; it can never be reversed. Once a technical innovation has been introduced, people usually become dependent on it, so that they can never again do without it, unless it is replaced by some still more advanced innovation. > No social arrangements, whether laws, institutions, customs or ethical codes, can provide permanent protection against technology. History shows that all social arrangements are transitory; they all change or break down eventually. But technological advances are permanent within the context of a given civilization. The way I see it is that our systems became so complex that we lost sight of what's good for us, as individual and as a group. Most people are too busy to even acknowledge these issues. When you're barely able to financially take care of your family or when you're too deep in the consumerism game you don't have time for these high level questions. People are more outraged about the latest episode of Game of Thrones than they will ever be about the current state of humanity and its impact on Nature, the erosion of privacy and freedom, &c. First off these mediums are mostly controlled by state regulated entities, meaning that it was mostly used for state sponsored propaganda. It's not like I can press 696 on my TV remote and dial on ISIS-TV with live executions. Second, yes, they did exist, and they also did increase the reach of ideas over what was available before them, so what's your point ? You're basically extending my argument. Progress in communication technology means increased propaganda / hate speech / whatever reach. Now you have two choices, do nothing, or try to curb down their reach. Should we be ok with live executions on twitch/yt/fb ? You're free to think that we should, but I'd argue most people are against it. We need to go deeper though. The decrease in perceived safety is, at least in part, due to 24/7 news reporting about violence, crime, terrorism, hate and generally negative topics. Which itself is due to progress in information technology and in the way we make money out of it. There is literally no benefit for the general public in this. Don't get me wrong, you have all the reasons to fear these things if you live where these things happen, but I'd bet my left hand that most people in 1st world countries ever witness any kind of serious violence. > European concept of creating new rights to suit a political agenda. Compared to ? The US ? > Right to Bear Arms. Why are Americans so emotional about that ? How is that a basic liberty ? What about the right not to die of diabetes because you can't afford insulin thanks to the unregulated "free market" they call "health industry" ? The right not to have > 70% of your population overweight ? The right to have a proper political system which isn't "democratic" in name only. The right now to be systematically spied on by 3 letters agencies ? It sounds like anything could happen but as long as the right to own gun is kept no one would bat an eye. The recent Alabama abortion law is a very good example. Banning scooters is a net positive for safety for everyone until the infrastructure can handle them safely. > Would growing a lot of plants help perhaps? It doesn't help much unless there are many plants in a small contained area. All the studies, including NASA ones, are done in sealed environments, as soon as you test them in real life you basically need to fill the room with plants. Air filtering is hard to do right, consume a lot of energy and/or requires filters that have to be changed often. If we were logical we'd straight up ban cars in our city centers, which would remove most of the pollution in 1st world countries' cities. ----- from : https://www.gardenmyths.com/garden-myth-born-plants-dont-pur... The NASA study shows that plants remove a small amount of certain chemicals from the air. A 1500 sq ft home would need around 400 large plants to remove most of the tested chemicals–something that is not practical. Reports that list the best plants for the job are probably not valid lists. The microbes in the soil of the pot are more efficient at removing chemicals than the plants themselves. Reporters who write about the ability of plants to remove pollutants either have not read the reference they quote (most likely case) or they have cherry picked the data that suits their story. Most have probably just reported what previous reporters said. The original reporters made the following mistakes: ignored the lab conditions used to carry out the experiments used the very best number in the report, ie 90%, and extrapolated it to all plants and all chemicals extrapolated results for 3 chemicals to “all pollutants” completely ignored the scientists own conclusions, namely microbes and charcoal filters remove most of the chemicals That's a very simplistic view. In Paris for example cars come from outside the city, from people who live too far / don't have access to public transportation / have kids / need cars for their job / or are just too lazy to do something else. These people can't/won't use scooters. I'd agree with you if 1 scooter = 1 less car, that would be awesome. But it's pretty obvious when you visit Paris that it's not the case though, scooters are mainly used teenagers and tourists, who wouldn't use car in the first place. https://xkcd.com/1205/ It depends on your own definition of happiness and your moral compass. It's pretty easy to confound shallow joys with lasting happiness. Are you genuinely happy when you have a nice car and nice clothes, or are you merely matching the expectations of happiness of our current society? These things are the very definition of status symbol, and ultimately they are out of you control. Imho happiness based on material things is very limited once you have the basics. When your parents are one step from death, when you get a kid, when your good health will slowly leave you &c. Your Porsche and your nice cloths will be way down on your list of happiness sources. Basing internal happiness on external things seems like a recipe for disaster. First there is no limit on how much shit money can buy, second material things have no power against the true life hardships. You might temporarily delay some of them but that's a far cry from "happiness". Depending on where you live / which industry you work in you should be careful about these kind of moves. It's legal but sometimes the world is a very small place and you might lose future opportunities because boss #1 didn't like what you did and told boss #2. Science became a new religion. Instead of saying "shut up god made it that way" you say "shut up science says it's that way". You can find hundred of studies to support your arguments, no matter what they are, it's even easier if you don't actually read the studies and stop at the summaries made by popular medias. Reminds me of Uber ex CEO saying he'd buy every single autonomous car Tesla will build by 2020. The dream is slowly fading away, Tesla, or any car really, won't be fully autonomous for a long time, Uber economic model doesn't make sense anymore because 90% of it was base don removing drivers entirely. It's like a dream built on top of a dream... https://www.businessinsider.com/top-vc-claims-uber-ceo-said-... I might have misinterpreted op. I thought it was "leaving now" VS "leaving 2 months after the end of the trial period". But yeah, as long as it's in the trial period there is no issue. The end result is the same. When a big tv channel says "Eating fat is definitely bad because this study says so" nobody will check the actual study and see that it was done on 3 mice for a duration of 10 days with completely unrealistic settings. It's still science, it's just misinterpreted or extrapolated. I see it everyday on HN, people _believing_ we'll all migrate to Mars and terraform it by the end of the century which means climate change is a non issue. Or that we'll get fully autonomous cars by 2020 because Elon "Science" Musk said so and people _want_ to _believe_ in it even though absolutely nothing supports it. It really isn't much more than astrological predictions at that point. People pick whatever "science" supports their make believe-world and go with it. It evades the collision by going in the ditch. Looks like we'll never learn. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Midgley_Jr . It's the law of diminishing return. We went from "absolute shitty" screens to "very good" screens in 40 years, and from then we went from "very good" to "very good but slightly better if you squint your eyes really hard" in 10 years. It's the same for most consumer tech, and is very noticeable on phones/tablets/laptops. The only thing we can improve on is shaving of .25mm every gen and calling it a revolution. Or adding machine learning + a 8k screen to our smartphones to explain why you need to spend 1000$+ on a 10 core cpu and 8gb of ram. The complexity skyrockets, the price doubles but the user experience barely changes, and sometimes it's not even a positive change. Because at the end of the day the vast majority of people just want a basic camera, spotify, netflix and google maps. > What a modern C compiler produces with a little help from the programmer should be reasonably close to what you can achieve by hand. Unless you're an expert in ASM / have an unlimited amount of time / work on an extreme edge case I'd say the compiler will beat a human 99.9/100 > A monitor can be paid less than a driver, as they’re doing less work People working full time still need to live you know, even if it's "less work". Last time I checked the "amount" of work doesn't really correlate with the pay too. You can't tell a professional truck driver "Ok man, you'll be in the same seat, on the same road, for the same amount of time but you get $500 instead of $1500 because it's less work, oh and also if there is a crash and you weren't 100% focused you'll be liable for the damage" > not to mention that it would take years to find just one real German friend for normal social interactions That's factually false and incompatible with your previous statement. > could spend every month at a different place around the world > go to Barcelona or Rio de Janeiro and you get a bunch of friends the moment you walk out of the door of your apartment I lived in California for a while, everyone is seemingly your friend, but really no one is it's just the bro culture (for a lack of a better term). Smiling and sharing a beer isn't being "friends". Now yeah, if your definition of friendship is socialising with random people in the street avoid Munich. > Germany is also the only place I am aware of where two colleagues sharing the same desk at the same company for 20 years still address each other formally in Höflichkeitsform all the time Dude, really ... did you work for the Deutsche bahn in 1982 or something similar ? If anything my social life is better both in and out of work in Berlin than it was in mountain view / LA. I'm not saying it's bad in other places but Germany isn't as you describe it. > I really wish there were places that could legitimately analyze muscle imbalances and suggest corrective exercises. I think what you're looking for is a physiotherapist's office. Somehow we now expect to find everything on internet or apps, and avoid human interactions &c. The truth is some things need in-person expertise and advices given by experts. [flagged] No one denies that the climate changed before and that it's a natural thing. The problem is that in 100 years we went from slow changes to 10 times the amplitudes ever recorded. The questions isn't "Do these cycles exist ?" it's "Are we sure we want to trigger one early ?" Greenhouse effect is a very well studied effect. CO2 / other gases level are a very well studied field. CO2/other gases dramatically increased since the industrial revolution. Are you also denying that ? When you study something you have to look at the settings in which it happens and look at the time frame. Sure changes happened 10k+ years ago, that's not invalidating anything related to our role in the current change. > Thinking humans are responsible for global warming is like thinking humans are responsible for the rise and decline of tides because we drink water. You won't win anyone over with such nonsensical arguments. https://www.climatecentral.org/news/the-last-time-co2-was-th... https://theconversation.com/the-three-minute-story-of-800-00... https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/global-warming/last-2000-years https://xkcd.com/1732/ > Following the consensus is a fine choice if you're trying not to get lynched by the mob, but it really has very little to do with science. As opposed to ? Being so skeptic that you deny everything you don't personally believe in no matter the amount of proof your are given ? I don't think "bigotry" means what you think it means. It applies to opinions, as in being intolerant to people who have different opinions than yours, not origins/ethnicity/&c. > 10 times the amplitudes ever recorded? Or are you just conveniently only looking at the past 150 years? Look at the units. 15c in 1000 years is less than what we're expecting if we continue on our trend (+2 to +5c by 2100, probably more after that once the reinforcement loop kicks in properly). > The industry of climate fearmongering has more to do with politics/geopolitics than climate or science. Yet the vast majority of deniers are politicians or people with no scientific credentials, and the extremely vast majority of scientists recognise that humans play a role in the current climate change. > We don't know ... we don't know ... we don't know ... Yeah sure, there are many things we don't know. But the things we know all point toward the same conclusion: the current change is at least partially man made and it'll suck balls if we continue on the trend. > Yet, you are absolutely sure of man-made climate change. Alright, let's say, for the sake of argument, that I'm wrong; what then ? We can start mining coal again and stop investing in green energies I guess. Everything we do to curb down climate change, consuming less, polluting less, &c. is a net positive even if climate change isn't man made. > We don't definitely know why we had a "little ice age" in the last millenia. Yeah but what we definitely know is that it was not even -1c globally, over 200 years. For comparison we gained 1c between ~1910 and 2010, we expect 2 to 5 more by 2100. > Though that idea may bruise our egos a bit. The irony is lost on you I guess ... > Think of work as merely collecting resources to maintain life. Work related tasks are 50%+ of you awake time so it's kind of hard to forget about it. I could work 2 days a week while keeping my lifestyle but it's next to impossible to find a stable job allowing that schedule. Most people don't really chose consciously. We just follow what we're told until it seems too late to deviate from the course. I personally ended up in IT because "why not it pays well and I like computers", I wasn't the same person when I chose that path and now I'm actively trying to figure a reasonable way out. > There are only a few who control themselves and their affairs by a guiding purpose; the rest do not proceed; they are merely swept along, like objects afloat in a river. And of these objects, some are held back by sluggish waters and are transported gently; others are torn along by a more violent current; some, which are nearest the bank, are left there as the current slackens; and others are carried out to sea by the onrush of the stream. Therefore, we should decide what we wish, and abide by the decision. - Seneca We need regulations because people will go as far as they can to make more money. Businesses were upset when their country banned child labor while their concurrents' country didn't, same when weekends, vacations, reasonable work weeks were introduced. What about safety requirements, food quality inspections, &c. Self regulating markets are a myth, just look at the US insurance and health industries if you want a proof. That's also why in healthy countries you get a lot of free passes when you start a business: lower tax rate for a few years, 0% loans, advisors paid by the state, &c. > regulation will just make it harder for these massive companies to be toppled as it makes it harder for smaller companies to comply. Why did no one topple apple, amazon or google in the last 25 years? If anything the lack of regulations when they started allowed them to become the de facto monopolies we all know today. Sure, but do Americans really need to cool down entire buildings by 10c+ ? I lived in SF and LA, both my flats didn't have AC, I was perfectly fine. It's true that I actually had to bring extra cloth to my uni/office because it was insanely cold. I'm in Berlin now and I don't use a/c nor heating at all because buildings are properly insulated. I open the window during summer nights and throw in an extra blanket during winter. Not sure if my experience is the norm but most of the flats I lived in (california) had single pane windows, most of them weren't sealing, and they had next to no wall insulation. A properly insulated building doesn't replace a/c but it sure lower the needs for both. It's like if you used your freezer as a fridge by leaving the door cracked open, it works fine to keep beer cold but there might be more efficient ways to do it. > You’re describing the temperate areas of America Yeah that was part of my point, these places really don't require much a/c yet in the summer they're on full blast. You can get a cheap passive gpu, most don't even need power from the PSU. Something like a nvidia GT 710 or 730. You can sign up with facebook + there is a free 30 days trial. I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people just signed up to check it out and if a lot of other users registered multiple times with different emails to have access to the free trial. >There are obvious solutions: Mocking everything, removing global state, writing more robust test setup code... But who has time for this? If you do it from the beginning and structure your code in a testable way it doesn't take much time. It saved me a few time in my current company; make a small change -> turns out it breaks a feature from 3-4 years ago that no one even remember -> look at the tests -> understand the feature as well as why what you did broke it. If you try to do it after X years of coding without thinking about tests you're doomed though. > In case you haven't seen what industrial plants agriculture looks like nowadays: It "looks" bad but do we care about looks more than pollution ? Look at any large scale animal farm, it looks much worse. Any solutions to feed 8b people will be far from perfect, but some solutions have less of an impact Reducing (not stopping) meat consumption is a very easy way to reduce your carbon footprint, and you can still get all the animal protein you need from dairy, eggs, &c. > The most sustainable agriculture is one in which the soil is fertilised with manure and rotated livestock, because grazing animals keep the soil healthy It's true, but the current meat industry is far from that. I'm all for sustainable farms and eating animals that have been reasonably grown and treated. The problem is that so many people eat meat every day, multiple time a day that the industry will never be able to provide sustainable meat. Look at the chicken industry, they grow them so fast that they die of organ failures and other growth related diseases and deformations. There is no soil fertilization coming from the millions of animals that have never been on a field. https://www.aspca.org/sites/default/files/chix_white_paper_n... > meat keeps us healthy, because we are omnivores. Omnivore doesn't especially mean meat eater, just animal derived products. People live without meat just fine, the abuse of meat and the consumption of low quality/processed meat has been linked to many health issues on the other hand. Nowadays I only eat meat when I go out and can spend good money on a quality steak, asian bbq or the like. Your body doesn't _need_ that daily ultra processed bacon, that $1.5/kg chicken or any of the fast food low quality burgers. The current western diets really are a metaphors for humanity; long term self destruction for short term pleasure & convenience. http://www.greeneatz.com/foods-carbon-footprint.html http://shrinkthatfootprint.com/food-carbon-footprint-diet People without culture? I don't think that's a thing. I also think comparing human level of consciousness to animal level of consciousness is a hard position to defend. Anyway I guess you're missing the original point. What it theorizes is that some mushroom compounds might have had effect on our ancestors brains and helped them develop to what we are now, over long periods of time. A bit like agriculture or writing had a huge impact on our societies, but it's not a on/off switch, it's a very long gradual process. I don't know if there is a lot of evidence supporting it, but it's not news that some drugs can temporarily or permanently reshape parts of our brains. What improvements in quality of life do we really _need_ though? In first world countries we're so comfy and everything is so convenient that the leading causes of death are due to eating too much and not moving enough. That's pretty ironic if you ask me. We don't have to go back to living in caves and eating raw animals of course. But I don't see how slowing down would decrease our quality of life. There is no limit in artificial quality of life improvement. You can spend 1 month of your salary on a bread toaster or on a few iot light bulbs... Or you can send it to a private pension and retire x months earlier than the legal age. Have you read Seneca's letters? I can't think of anything more straightforward and applicable. Live simply, don't value external things, have principles and stand behind them, think in term of "long term happiness" not "short term joys", be nice to your fellow humans, being rich in material things is nice but not sufficient while having virtues, knowledge and a strong community is necessary. It really isn't rocket science, especially compared to other/newer philosophical movements. It's life, no one is going to hold your hand and lead you to your happy place. Educate yourself, read the masters, follow the ones that seems aligned to your beliefs and move on if you find something better. I really like these: https://en.m.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/L... https://en.m.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/L... https://en.m.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/L... https://en.m.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/L... Well these advices are thousands of years old so obviously you can't take it as a step by step guide for the 21st century. The principles behind them are usually simple to understand but hard to practice if you don't self reflect and actively try to better your life. > Yeah. How do you do that ? Look at your life, everyone is wasting time, maybe you're fine with it or maybe you feel like shit every evening when you look back at your day and notice that you could have done much more / spend your time doing something better. Want to start a business but watch 3 hours of netflix a day ? Maybe something is wrong. Spend all your life in a job you don't like because it pays well ? Are you sure you value money that much ? Are you always thinking about the next weekend, vacations, retirement to rationalise doing tasks you don't value ? Imagine being 60 and looking back at your life, did these X000 hours/year of netflix / video games / whatever bettered my life ? Or did they made my shitty life slightly more tolerable by occupying my mind outside of work ? Did I have a plan or did I just went through whatever life through at me without thinking about it? > You can also tell a fat guy to eat less calories. Great. Now what ? Telling him is not enough, it has to come from the fat guy himself. Once he truly want to lose weight he'll find a way (unless he has some medical conditions preventing it). It's the same with life, you can read every single book about how to be happy and successful, if you don't truly want it and invest serious time and efforts in it it's not much better than reading fiction. > That's why I prefer philosophy when it comes with a method. That's all good too, but I wouldn't be surprised if you eventually feel the urge to take your life in your own hands and follow less strict regimen at some point. Meditation or psychedelic drugs are a good example, at first you want a very safe and guided thing and once you kind of know what you're doing you experiment. You can spend 10k to spend a week in a monastery or on top of a mountain in underwear, if you come back and fall in the same patterns as before you just blew 10k for vacations. > that otherwise get completely uncorrelated from one's life. Or maybe our current way of living is so convoluted and disconnected from our origins that we lost the ability to understand the most basic principles. If you live in a hardcore capitalist country like the US all the automation money will go straight to the business owners pockets. We keep talking about automation like it is _going_ to happen in the future, truth is it's happening for 40 years, if not more. In europe politicians were promising a 30 hours work week and retirement at 50 in the 70s, all of that thanks to automation, you don't need to be an expert in this field to know that it didn't turn out that way. > I don't know many people having or even considering children under the age of 30. We now value professional careers above everything else. You can't have kids and be competitive anymore. Half of the people I know who have kids basically delegates everything to caretakers, they see them 30 min in the morning, and 30 min when they get back to work and kiss them goodnight. Instead of telling men to slow down and take care of their kids we tell women to forget about kids and follow men in their insane quest for professional conquests. Sprinkle a bit of consumerism over that and it's game over, kids are too expensive, why would people do that instead of buying a nice car, the new $2k smartphone or a trip to Venice to flex on instagram for imaginary internet points. I'm also inclined to believe that the hookup culture plays a huge role in the trend, why would you want to settle down when you have a virtually limitless pool of potentially better mates available at the tips of your fingers. Newer generations are afraid of commitment and responsibilities, having kids in your early 20s is more stigmatised than having a one night stand every other night until you're 40. > quality of life has changed too. "changed" is the keyword here, not everything got better. At some point you hit the diminishing return law. Did Uber, Facebook and Netflix had a greater impact on human life than hot tap water and fridges ? Do we need 3 new versions of iphones per year ? Same day delivery ? Did food delivery really upped your quality of life or are we just getting lazy and fat because we consider walking 10 minutes a chore ? Technological progress is automatically assumed to be good, but when you take a few steps back and look at the big picture we're not much better than 50 years ago. We have more useless activities and gadgets to spend our hard earned money, that's for sure, did it make the world a better place, that's another question. > However people have chosen to use the extra time automation gives them to develop more luxuries in life. I don't think "people" chose anything, the elite are very happy with the status quo. Look at wealth inequality stats, it's very easy to see where the money is going, and it's not in the interest of "the people". If you want to see something similar in action: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wAvxQfusWU This type of comment really make me think humanity peaked a few decades ago. When did we all became lazy snowflakes that can't handle any kind of hardships ? Humanity spent millions of year hunting shit in the woods and eating raw meat to end with what? People who can't walk in the sun or work in an office that doesn't have AC. Walking in the sun is too much effort and makes you sweat ? Buy sunscreen, bring an extra t shirt and stop making excuse. Sweat is a perfectly normal response to heat, your body knows how to deal with it. God damn it, some kids in africa run 10km to go to school every day while eating 5 time less food than you and they probably complain less. Rain is a viable excuse for burning fossil fuel and moving 2 tons of steel to transport a 80kg meat bag ? Unless you're disabled or commute 30+km a day you're better off with good gear and an electric bike. It's cheaper, better for your health, better for local and global pollution, &c. ICE vehicles have nothing to do in city centers. Good public transport + a fleet of government owned electric taxies would solve every issues. At the end of the day we can rationalise _everything_, even the most insane life styles. If the "cost of doing business" is slowly killing everything on earth maybe we should find a better way. Do you really have no place to change at work ? No public transport at all ? Not even car sharing ? I bike to the gym before work, change there and head to work on my bike, I'm perfectly presentable no matter the weather, and that's in Berlin where it rains 50% of the year. > * Everyone knows Uber and Ola don't own their fleet so who'll be accountable? Don't they require a modern car of a minimum size ? Just add more requirements. Everyone agrees that female voices sounds more pleasant / male voices more authoritative (and it's backed by science, according to this article), yet it's still sexist to use the appropriate voice in the appropriate context ? Should we all go through mandatory government sponsored surgical operations to make our brain perceive female voices as less pleasant and male voices as less authoritative ? It's not like all of a sudden we can "decide" that a deep manly voice isn't authoritative and a cute woman voice isn't pleasant. Just like you can't see "blue" as "red" or feel "pain" as "pleasure" by pure will. There is no winning move in the "everything is sexist" game. Fix the obvious issues like "I'd blush if I could" and move on. They make people believe these assistants are "smart and ""AI"" while they're just plain dumb ML, they're not sexist or racist, we are, and they feed on our patterns. You don't fix such a deep issue by treating the symptoms. > solar powered laptop What do you mean ? You can already do that with a solar charger. I don't think we'll have solar panels integrated to laptops if that's what you meant, it doesn't make any sense (super bulky and fragile, only used a couple hours a day, needs perfect angle for optimal efficiency). It's much easier/more efficient/cheaper to get your house or office to use renewable energies than to add a solar panel on top of every devices you own. It may work with very low spec laptops, but forget about macbooks. You need something like 6 hours of direct sunlight + 4 times the area of the laptop to get decent results. https://www.macworld.co.uk/how-to/mac/how-solar-charge-macbo... > What we should have is health insurance premiums based on risk factors such as obesity, even in public systems. Next thing we know we're all constantly monitored for every single health metrics and pay more for every one that is slightly off. "Bacon every morning ? Well sorry sir but that'll be $30 more per year. Oh and you drive to work instead of cycling, that's another $60. Our tracking system tells us that you were sitting more than 7 hours per day on average for the last month so we'll have to charge you $0.55 per seated hours for the next 6 months. You should also think about your monthly running goal, you only have 3 days left and 36km to go." We could also stop insuring people when they start getting unhealthy. Imagine the profit !! /s What we should do is better educate people about health and stop trying to get them addicted as much and as early as we can. Myo tried a few years ago, looks like they're closing now. https://support.getmyo.com/hc/en-us Ew, I can't for the life of me understand this "everything is a social construct" mindset. The average man is biologically different than the average female. Testosterone alone can explain why men are generally more violent and sexually aggressive than women. And there are many many many other factors in effect. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3693622/ Why do people get angry about facts, there is no value judgment in saying "The average women is inclined to do X while the average man is more inclined to do Y", it doesn't mean "every woman HAS to do X and every man HAS to do Y". Why would every animals of different sex present different behaviours but somehow humans are all 100% equal and every difference is due to "society" ? Is biology a social construct now ? > It seems pretty far fetched to claim that biology causes boys to be more interested in winning Lego programming competitions. Why ? The "Lego programming competitions" is a detail there, the important part is "does winning at X triggers the same biological pathways as winning at Y ?" and "are men more inclined to be competitive ?". For example men are more inclined to do dangerous activities for fun, like racing cars or rock climbing. Does it means that biology ""wants"" men to race cars, no, just that racing cars trigger biological pathways somehow perceived as more beneficial for men than female. Gotta keep your oversized engineering team busy. Same thing with airbnb, uber, &c. They constantly release side projects that are forgotten after a month and never used, even internally. Fonts, CSS frameworks, &c. > suggests anecdotal evidence > Another woman coder at a U.S. investment bank > says an anonymous woman First off you'll need more than that if you want to build a case. It says more about their teams and companies than every "Women in Finance IT". How much of this sentiment is due to years of near propaganda level of "tech is fun and rewarding". The fact is that tech is fun and rewarding in a very small subset of companies and for a small subset of projects. The vast majority of tech jobs are just as boring as any desk jobs. > I haven’t seen crude or overt sexism in tech, but particularly at the junior level I’ve seen a lack of trust placed in female coders. They’re less likely to be given important projects or to be made responsible for delivery. Come on, that applies for any junior until they proved themselves. > I said requiring this type of data before taking action fulfills the function of protecting and perpetuating sexism How do you take action to fix something if you don't even know if/why/how it's broken ? It's pure madness to pass feel good equality of outcome laws and never checking on the data to see if it has a positive effect or not. > You do know whether it's broken, because you have people telling you. As many people are saying the opposite. So what now ? We chose the side that shouts "inequality !" the loudest ? > Go ahead and collect data It's illegal in my country. I don't get the downvotes, it's a pretty solid advice. You have to try really hard to be unhealthy if you eat unprocessed meat, veggies, grains and stick to the basics. It's what millions of years of evolution engineered our body for. Not 300gr of smoked bacon every morning and 1L of fruit juice per day. It's all the additional steps and products added. A lot of processed meat are juste a slime of bones, skin, organs, ligaments whatever was left on the carcass of the animal. On top of that it comes from low quality (cheap) animals in the first place which doesn't help. It's like eating a fruit vs drinking a juice, or eating raw veggies vs a broth. The original material is the same but it doesn't mean it holds the same benefits. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9il0DVhT86E https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NzUm7UEEIY > I don't believe that this matters You're free to believe what you want. A slime of chicken skin, fat and ligaments isn't digested the same way as a chunk of chicken breast. The nutritional values are just a small part of a big equation. > Another thing that doesn't matter. What exactly do you think magically happens Many things happen and none of them are magical. The glycemic index of a raw fruit isn't the same as a juice from the same fruit for example, you don't get the fibers, &c. > The inuit did perfectly well on an all-meat diet. That's another side of my point, they evolved on that diet, most people didn't. Do you think the lifestyle of the average first worlder has anything to do with inuit lifestyle? > Processing foods is what likely helped Homo to get enough energy to evolve big brains. Hm cooked food maybe; processed food, not really, at least according to the current definition of it. https://www.foodindustry.com/articles/the-4-categories-of-pr... Yeah, and all americans have guns and ford f150. /s https://tradingeconomics.com/country-list/personal-income-ta... > if you listen to Elon Musk If you listen to Elon Musk we have fully autonomous cars every 2 years since 2015 and we'll have Mars cities in 2050. It's insanely optimistic by every single metrics I can come up with. The only way I'd buy it would be to redefine "colonies" and "cities" as "10 guys in a 50 sq meters rigid tent who need constant supplies from earth and are 1 mistake away from death" aka the space station but on the ground. He's very good at PR moves, but sending a rocket to space and getting it back in one piece, which is very impressive, is nothing compared to actually going to mars, which itself is nothing compared to building a city on a planet where everything is opposed to human life. Tesla and Space X have a very high "hype factor", and sure they're probably the best at what they're doing, but he is insanely overselling it. Look at that timeline: https://www.inverse.com/article/51291-spacex-here-s-the-time... > Some people may need a car for their livelihood but simply cannot afford anything better than a polluting clunker. I think we can agree that no one _needs_ a sport car for their 'livelihood'. There are plenty of affordable new cars, they might be small and slow but at least they're safe and meet the current solution standard. And yeah people need trucks to tow or move things around, but that's something other than "entertainment". > The only way I’m able to have a reasonably nice car with good handling and entertaining performance > I’m sort of disappointed that my personal hobby is going to disappear Imagine if everyone was as entitled as that. The period of "we burn coal and gas for fun and entertainment" is over and we have to get over it. "Save the planet !" screams the dying ape, "as long as I don't have to personally do something". If you told me these images came from a black mirror episode I wouldn't even question it. It really shows how far urbanites have come; working out in tight packs, confined in dark spaces lit by colored artificial lights [0] [1] Are people really going there or is it some kind of marketing scheme ? Running in downtown NY and inhaling smog seems more appealing than that. > I could have also done hot yoga ($28), taken a high intensity interval treadmill class ($34) and sat in a detoxifying sauna for 30 minutes ($30). You could also build a fully equipped home gym after 3 months of this regimen. Or feed your family for 6 months. [0] https://static01.nyt.com/images/2019/06/17/fashion/17BOUTIQU... [1] https://static01.nyt.com/images/2019/06/17/fashion/17BOUTIQU... > Would you have a problem if driving a sports car for fun included a mandatory carbon-sink tax that covered the car's pollution - if it became more expensive to make, buy, and run a car, but still permitted? As I understand it's already the case in most first world countries. The problem is that people have more than enough money to pay a few couple hundred dollars more per year. Money isn't enough of an incentive. Paying more tax on ICE vehicles (and extra for sport cars) to make it "carbon neutral" doesn't remove all the gases from city centers and won't prevent these gases to end up in our lungs. And yeah you're right, ships are way higher in the list than sport cars, but it's something you can mostly opt out of, just like sport cars. > disincentivize new construction? Oh but half the city is under construction work right now, they're building shopping centers, offices and hotels (I can count at least 6 10+ storey buildings being constructed in a 600m radius from my place, only one is for flats) Investors want to max out how much money they make, tourists bring way more money than the general population, especially in Berlin To be fair China is basically the factory of the world, manufacturing a lot of the gadgets that are mostly used in 1st world countries. It's pretty clear that if the west consumed less China wouldn't pollute nearly as much. So yes, everybody has a choice, either be actively part of it or try to pollute as little as possible. You're saying "the impact of one person is limited therefore no one should take action". I'd argue that everyone should take action, show the example in your home, local community, &c. Little by little people get more engaged, just look at the green parties in Europe, 20 years ago they barely got 1% of votes in elections, now they get >20% in some countries. > Yes, but how far do you take the rhetoric of name-calling people "entitled" down the slippery slope? As far as it takes to make humans live in a sustainable way. If we value unnecessary comfort and people's feelings over Life we'll simply never get out of this. We either all swallow our pride and take responsability, or we do as half of the comments here, blame China/big corps/whatever as an excuse. Talk to your great grand parents and grand parents, ask them how life was back then, humanity is degenerating in am uncontrollable thing that's collapsing under its own weight. > for wanting to live their lives, in the environment they were born into, doing the things they learn from people around them. That's a non argument as you can defend _any_ human behaviors with it. We have to be the change, not lament on the human condition. > it is because we are in love with our vices; we uphold them and prefer to make excuses for them rather than shake them off. We mortals have been endowed with sufficient strength by nature, if only we use this strength, if only we concentrate our powers and rouse them all to help us or at least not to hinder us. The reason is unwillingness, the excuse, inability. It's always good to know about the basics. How memory work, memory allocators, cpu registers, compilers, &c. You don't start racing cars by going to a F1 grand prix, you start with small slow karts and walk your way up. It's very visible when you work with people who started coding in C vs people who started with java/javascript. > One person's consumption doesn't matter Just like one car doesn't pollute... How did we end up in this situation if it isn't an accumulation of individual actions? Of course individual actions matter, not necessarily because of their direct impact but because of the snowball effect. Look at how green parties started 60 years ago, it was hippies and nut jobs, today they make 10-25% of votes in EU elections. > Facebook will know the people and companies with whom its users have financially interacted, and that is likely to only be the start As if it wasn't already the case. People simply don't care, they wouldn't be on any of these platforms otherwise, and governments don't understand, or chose not to understand for X reasons. They'd sell their soul for more (perceived) convenience or a better way to fill their narcissistic ego trips. It's like giving chocolate to 3 years old kids, they only stops when they gets sick, and so far "users" aren't sick. > while very helpful, can only increase your chances for your regular long life, and have a relatively small effect at that. > Poor lifestyle can severely diminish base lifespan, but a good one cannot increase lifespan by a lot. Depends on your definition of "living", being obese/out of shape and on constant medication for diabetes/heart issues, not being able to do the most basic exercises, &c. isn't life by my standards. I don't care if I die at 40, at least I would have reached my peak physical and mental shape. To me fighting to increase lifespan is complete non sense, look around, we don't need more time, we just need less work, mindless activities and gadgets. We spend our lives slaving away until we're literally too old to do it anymore to buy shit we don't need. I notice it all the time around me, most people are miserable, they live in the constant hope of a better day by thinking about their next weekend or vacation, some people in their 20s already talk about what they'll do when they retire (at fucking 67 years old). Increasing our lifespan won't do anything meaningful besides putting more strain on the world, both economically and ecologically. Like most things, it was figured out a long time ago by people who had way way way more time to spend on thinking and less time to spend on mindless information consumption. Take Seneca for example: > A person like him has not lived; he has merely tarried awhile in life. Nor has he died late in life; he has simply been a long time dying. He has lived eighty years, has he? That depends upon the date from which you reckon his death! ... [He] has lived eighty years, has he? Nay, he has existed eighty years, unless perchance you mean by "he has lived" what we mean when we say that a tree "lives." > No man can have a peaceful life who thinks too much about lengthening it, or believes that living through many consulships is a great blessing. Rehearse this thought every day, that you may be able to depart from life contentedly; for many men clutch and cling to life, even as those who are carried down a rushing stream clutch and cling to briars and sharp rocks. > Show me that the good in life does not depend upon life's length, but upon the use we make of it; also, that it is possible, or rather usual, for a man who has lived long to have lived too little. > We should strive, not to live long, but to live rightly; for to achieve long life you have need of Fate only, but for right living you need the soul. At some point you have to own up your actions. I'm not a super human, I managed to quit facebook just fine, people are not tools, they know what they're doing. You don't have to stand against it, simply don't use it. Just like most people don't do heroin or control their sexual urges. > Don't let old beliefs stand in the way of progress. That's a very dangerous thing though. Humans are very good at destroying things, not so much as replacing them with good alternatives. Religion is the prime example, "God is dead", and what do people have left ? Pure individualism, narcissism, egotism, lack of communities, lack of purpose; these are the new building blocks of our societies. And it's very well documented; loneliness epidemic, depression epidemic, people literally dying of sins, gluttony, sloth, ... What good is it to live longer if it's still in the same degenerate ways ? Work more ? Consume more ? If you can't live a fulfilling life in ~80 years you won't do better with 120. The analogy of a kid always wanting more, no matter the consequences, really holds up. Life is a really fucking long time if you throw away the bs we all take part in. And again, Seneca sounds on point to me. No matter how long you live, if you're not able to enjoy this gift, 50, 150, 250 years won't be enough. > What man can you show me who places any value on his time, who reckons the worth of each day, who understands that he is dying daily? For we are mistaken when we look forward to death; the major portion of death has already passed. Whatever years lie behind us are in death's hands. > We don’t have transparent aluminum yet, so we can’t do that We kind of do, I suppose NASA knows about it but it probably doesn't fulfil their requirements. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aluminium_oxynitride > plastic is actually mostly just an aesthetic issue. It's like saying burning oil is mostly bad because of the visual aspect of smog. It's not. https://scholar.google.de/scholar?q=microplastic+endocrine+d... https://scholar.google.de/scholar?q=microplastic+effect+on+h... > Those incredibly expensive custom molded ones? Cheapo shure se215 with triple flange or foam tips and you're golden. I have them on all day and I even manage to sleep with them (when I accidentally fall asleep while listening to a podcast) > those rubber things that make weird sounds when I move. The weird sound doesn't come from the earbud per say, it comes from the cables brushing against your clothes. Try flat cables it removes most of it. Or use earbuds that run the cables behind your ears / down your back. > I would expect there to be a leaked list of names of the executives responsible for this, with pictures and home addresses. I would expect people protesting in front of their homes 24 hours per day. That's how you end up with dead people. It's the difference between journalism/civilised discussion and cesspools like twitter/fb threads, we should present facts, not opinions or call for violence. No matter how fucked up these things are you don't want to lower yourself to their standards, you'll lose all grounds for discussion. Yes, it works where the protest culture is already in place. You can't ask Americans to do the same, someone will inevitably bring a gun and it'll go south very fast, as it happens almost daily in all sort of public demonstrations, peaceful or not, in the US. There is no points of comparison between the US and France when it comes to protests. LA riots, black panthers, vs may 68 and yellow jackets... > This is the classic centrist liberalism argument Is this the step 1 of the identity politics game ? Paint someone as X Y Z and be done ? In what world being civilised is constrained to "classic centrist liberals" ? > I am having a hard time to see how I can tell people who can no longer afford lifesaving medicine due to profit maximization to value a civil discussion culture higher then their survival. Tell them to act in a civilised way and to not vote for Trump who clearly stated his stance on public health. https://www.economist.com/united-states/2016/11/19/illness-a... I think we agree on the goal, not on the methods. It took decades for these companies to become what they are. If you listen to some people you should just burn them to the ground and go personal vendetta mod on their executives. What I'm saying is that we should be careful about how we do it, because in fine the "how" is as import as the "why". Things don't happen in a vacuum, you have to deconstruct them and get to the root causes, otherwise you're just rushing to another failed system. Let's say you manage to get the execs out, what do you think will happen ? The new ones will turn everything 180 degrees and sell drugs at loss ? No, why ? Because the whole system is tweaked for profit. Every time health pops up on HN, the majority of Americans defend their system and criticise the European way. There is a bit of a cognitive dissonance here, people can't expect a private/for profit company to do the right thing when it comes to public health. On top of that the demographic of people who voted Trump very much intersects with the one needing cheap health care, it clearly indicates that people are voting against their own interests in term of health, that alone would hint that there is a much bigger thing going on than "greedy execs control everything". https://www.economist.com/united-states/2016/11/19/illness-a... > There are immaculately clean cities in east asia Isn't it because they have armies of cleaning people in the streets ? A friend of mine told me about it, I think he was in South Korea, Seoul perhaps, at the time. He told me people mostly act the same but their cities are more efficient at cleaning the mess before it piles up. I don't know if there are other laws similar to that [0] but it probably explain some behaviours too. I agree with the underlying point though, some people just don't give a shit. I visited a small greek island last year and was appalled to see that locals were throwing their trash, old furnitures, construction materials, &c. over a cliff, straight to the ocean. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chewing_gum_ban_in_Singapore There is a difference between individual pollution and state level pollution though. Germany may pollute the air/rivers less than China but come to Berlin; in some neighbourhoods you might think you teleported to a third world country where trash are simply threw in the streets to rot for weeks if not months before the public services finally do something. > I don't see how this makes allocating carbon footprints any more accurate, nor does it indict "individuality" or any other ambiguous concepts. I'm not sure what you are referencing in the first part of that sentence. I was replying to "Your analysis falls apart with even a cursory search." which is false because it compares two things that are close but have no points of comparison. Heavily polluted asian rivers doesn't mean asians are more or less individualist and has nothing to do with the way they handle urban trash. As I understand you can't even start asking these questions as it might show that they're linked to specific groups (be it income, ethnicity, whatever) and it's a big no-no in Germany as well as many other EU countries. > Any particular reasons we shouldn't all march on the camps and dismantle them? Camps are only a small part of the problem. What do you do next ? The question is how do you handle such big influx of people without collapsing and without treating them like cattle, the answer to that is: you can't and you'll never be able to. What people don't seem to understand is that a homeless dude in Germany has it better than 80% of the world outside of the US/EU. Is it unfair ? yeah sure, can you solve it though massive migration ? No, you couldn't fit 10% of the third world in the US/EU without making it collapse. Seeing other comments downvotes it seems like this topic isn't even open for discussion anymore. Why does everyone have to go emotional and compare everything to Nazi Germany ? When you want to "march" on something you first have to understand why it's there and how it came to be. The cold truth is that this topic is extremely complex and all the solutions that are less than XX pages long can be completely ignored on the spot. > They are God-Given Honest question, what do you mean by that? > This is a pretty good idea but it needs a lot of people doing it. There is no way out of this that doesn't involve a "lot of people doing" something. Our lifestyles are just not sustainable. The truth is that the past doesn't matter. If the current warm up is aggravated [0] by human activity, and pretty much everyone agrees it is, we should do something about it. Saying "it was warmer/colder before" makes it sound as it is a non issue. And tbh even if, and that's a big "if", pollution isn't directly linked to climate change everything reducing the air/water/food poising we're inflicting to ourselves is good. [0] I'm not even saying 'caused' because at that point it doesn't change anything Carbon isn't everything; ozone, NOx, particles (pm2.5, pm10), heavy metals, oils, &c. > there will be more goods available and the goods should be cheaper. Did we ever stop and consider that increasing production/consumption might not be beneficial ? I have a hard time imagining that all that matter is consuming more things and cheaper things. There isn't much to "expect", large scale automation is happening for more than 50 years now. It's similar to people saying "AI will revolutionise the world", it already is revolutionising for several decades. It seems to me that this notion became popular in the last few years and has been so simplified/vulgarised that people expect half the world to lose their job at once when "robots" and "ai" take over. Job automation isn't a single point in time, it's a gradual process that's been happening for as long as work existed. And as long as we run our current economic system there will be jobs to replace automated ones. Currently it seems like services are the new factory jobs (uber, food delivery, &c.). > Automation, which is both the most advanced sector of modern industry and the epitome of its practice, obliges the commodity system to resolve the following contradiction: The techno- logical developments that objectively tend to eliminate work must at the same time preserve labor as a commodity, because labor is the only creator of commodities. The only way to prevent automation (or any other less extreme method of increasing labor productivity) from reducing society’s total necessary labor time is to create new jobs. To this end the reserve army of the unemployed is enlisted into the tertiary or “service” sector, reinforcing the troops responsible for distributing and glorifying the latest commodities; and in this it is serving a real need, in the sense that increasingly extensive campaigns are necessary to convince people to buy increasingly unnecessary commodities. - Guyd Debord, 1967 Making a satellite capable of surviving the launch will be the second part of the problem. > Is that related ? That's the symptom of the outage as far as I can tell. > I'm also confused why it's even a problem if China has top class fabs Don't you listen to the news ? Everything China is bad. /s What are you implying? > There are 7 billion people on this Earth and Jordan Peterson is not more worthy of study than the othets. How does that bring anything to the table ? I doubt 99% of the population would be as interesting if they gave speeches. There are only a handful of people knowing their shit and sharing it in public for free. I don't see many people running around saying "Yoh Plato is shit no one should ever listen to him" even if they don't agree with his views. Did you actually study him, as you seem to imply by making such strong statements ? I don't agree with a lot of his points but I have to admit that he has very interesting things to say about postmodernism, personal meaning, religions, &c. and as far as I know no one else is addressing these issues with that kind of depth in these days. It's quite funny because in this 2 comments lies every reasons why JP is successful. From 0 to 100 baseless personal attack, we're not even discussing facts we're discussing how you feel about people. > pseudo intellectual I'm afraid the burden of proof is on you for this one. > regressive He's pretty nuanced in fact, but you have to listen to him other than in the 30 seconds, out of context, videos being regurgitated on tweeter daily. And again, develop, what are you talking about ? You have the right to disagree with someone but if you want to make it public you'll have to explain a bit more, we're not on Trump's tweeter here. I'd recommend to listen to: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIeFt88Hm8s https://player.fm/series/the-jordan-b-peterson-podcast-15392... > Schooling is a waste of time anyway > enjoy their childhood and learn some new skills on their own. Sadly most kids wouldn't "enjoy their childhood" without school. Schools aren't just about useless assignments, it's a social framework that prepare you for life; learning, the scientific method, living/working with people you don't agree with, doing tasks you don't want to right know but which end up beneficial in the mid/long term, entering a community, &c. You need a minimum set of tools to be able to navigate in life and most people aren't going to learn these by themselves. Some people have great families/local communities which can play this role but I doubt it's the majority. None of that needs to happen in a $50k/yr private school though. On the other hand there are many nice places around the valley. I think that's the only thing I miss from the valley, drive 40 min in any direction and you're either in a forest, a desert, on top of a mountain or at a sea side. I live in berlin now and it's quite the opposite, the city if full of life but the nature sucks for a good 200km radius. Mountain roads with nice view on top: https://www.google.com/maps/dir/37.5880399,-121.8692997/37.4... Nice road in the woods: https://www.google.com/maps/dir/37.5880399,-121.8692997/37.4... Small twisty road to santa cruz: https://www.google.com/maps/dir/37.5880399,-121.8692997/37.4... I also remember remote hiking trails going up the hills south of mountain view but I can't place them on the map. They were always empty, best place to chill and get out of the stressful environment. Mecklenburg Lake Plateau is the only one under 200km though, anyway, it take some preparation to do that kind of trip. Baltic Sea = 200km to the first coast Saxon Switzerland = 250km Harz = 275km Ah yes indeed, I'm talking about traveling distance, I'd love to be able to fly there in a personal helicopter though. I think you forgot to log out of your account. > many of the operating costs onto employees, and whether that is covered. Asking your company to pay your electricity cost and house wear and tear would be like a commuter asking them to pay for your shoes and clothes due to "wear and tear". The last 2 points are valid though. My feeling is that most jobs can't be done remotely and the vast majority are done more efficiently in person. We're in our small tech bubble in which people sit down all day in front of a screen and mostly interact through text, the vast majority of jobs aren't like that. Look at the top US employers worlwide (or the largest sectors of employment [0]), there is no way UPS, walmart, fedex, starbucks, &c. can work with remote employees. [1] [0] https://www.statista.com/statistics/200143/employment-in-sel... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_United_States-... Every time I stumble upon AI generated texts it makes me feel weirdly scared. It's like reading texts written by someone having a stroke. Also, Skynet confirmed. > Hand Me The Gun And Ask Me Again > Protip: Don’t Ask Tbh getting more than 30 degrees in these countries is a 10days/year thing. We just suck it up, ac is expensive and consume huge amount of energy. Most big building have passive climate control that gets the temp 5-7 degrees less than outside and it's more than enough. I think you went to far down the rabbit hole, why are you so offended? If all it takes for you to judge someone and hold such virulent opinions is "media appearances" you should probably reassess your position on who's regressive. These kind of comments have nothing to do here, feel free to rant on tweeter and reddit. > how and why it was on a tape I think you're overthinking the whole thing, it's not really "on" a tape. It's the default operation of a tape, they didn't have to come up with the idea, it's a side effect of the medium. You need a motor to move the tape, no motor = no movement = the tape stays in its current position. To automatically rewind the tape you'd need some sort of mechanism under tension in it which would probably make it less reliable / more expensive. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20324675 It's instantaneous on my old iPhone se. Is it a budget android only issue? They both have access to weapons of mass destruction and it's realistic to believe that any of the people in the list could start conflicts for more than debatable reasons. It doesn't seem that the article implies anything else. You don't need a super power to start a war, post ww1 germany was pretty weak and still managed to kick-start ww2. Every time I read "tiktok" I have flashbacks from one of paymoneywubby's video [0]. This platform is at the very least extremely disturbing. It's mild but I'd tag it as NSFW. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PmphkNDosg > emissions and fuel economy regulations tightened greatly and cut both size and power of cars. Which greatly improved efficiency. For example the new CLA AMG's engine makes 355hp, and that's a 2.0L [0]. In comparison the to 375hp for 7.5L for the Lincoln-mercury. 177hp/L vs 50hp/L. [1] American cars of that era were literal boats on wheels. They're good if you want to drive straight lines while towing half your house and feel like you're in a sofa. [0] https://jalopnik.com/reminder-you-can-buy-a-355-hp-turbo-fou... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_385_engine Nature doesn't exists in the modern city, I wouldn't even be surprised if some people born after 2000 haven't seen stars in their entire life. It's like when you have to do your homework but postpone it until the very last moment. Your profs tell you to work, your parents too, even your friends, and you know deep down that you're wrong, but you don't give a shit until you get the grade and think "if only I ...". First world countries won't wake up until it gets bad (famines, war and mass immigration bad), until then it's just insects, birds and slightly warmer climate, surely people have bigger problems in their daily lives ... https://timeline.com/los-angeles-light-pollution-ebd60d5acd4... If megacorp #246 decide to use a free software I'm inclined to think they have more than enough money to pay engineers to secure it. It's not rocket science. It's like installing a mysql db and leaving the root password blank because "welp it's the default config". Or `shit` : https://twitter.com/internetofshit > (can't believe something this self-evidently true is getting downvoted...) What's equally self-evidently true is that we wouldn't have developed our current tech if it wasn't for regulations, and even with them we're too little too late. And yet half the world wants to move to EU countries with high tax rates. It's almost as if the tax rates and the average quality of life were linked. And then we end up paying $60 for a phone charger cable that will never be used for any of these things. (100W of power, 5K video, USB devices, analog audio, Ethernet) The whole thing is a mess but both solutions are equality ridiculous if you ask me. As long as everyone keep it civilised and learn from each-other I don't really see the point. When someone posts obvious misinformation he's downvoted to oblivion fairly quickly, and when someone makes an honest mistake he's corrected by people who know better and hopefully update his views adequately. If you work full time You might not be able to manage all these things in a satisfactory way. First make sure you have sane foundations: enough sleep + exercise + proper diet. Then experiment and see what sticks. I find it easier to meditate right after I wake up and take a shower, I also manage to do 10-15 min of stretches/yoga. Reading is the perfect pre bed activity, dim the lights, make some tea, read until you're too tired to continue. I also found that some activities are just not a fit for me. Maybe you like the idea of, let's say, journaling, but in practice you don't like it = you procrastinate to avoid doing it. Focus on what you truly enjoy doing and build habits from here. > I'm kind of overwhelmed or I can't spend qualitative time in my relationship / don't have time to do other chores. It's also a matter of expectations, you can't do 10 things and excel in all of them. You can't watch all the new Netflix shows, meditate one hour a day, learn to be a professional guitar player, &c. while working full time and having a kid. Pick your battle(s). When I was looking for a VPN I used this : https://thatoneprivacysite.net/ No idea how accurate it is though. > we would conclude that humans had diverged from orangutans -- not chimps Isn't the current consensus that humans and chimps diverged from a common ancestor. Not that human diverged from chimps? When we first discovered uranium we made drinks and lipsticks out of it. Now we use it to get insane amount of energy and bombs. Sometimes there are decades between the "breakthrough" and the use of it. Most of the time the finale usage has not much to do with the initial breakthrough. https://www.philips.com/c-w/malegrooming/philips-space/space... Depends how you look at it, how many truly _necessary_ jobs can you create ? Certainly not enough to employ every healthy person from 20 to 65. These people still need to pay their bills, eat food, sleep under a roof. We won't get out of this as long as we see unemployed people as the plague, in the meantime we'll see a surge in bs services (uber, deliveroo, hellofresh, &c.) > "Management" sees unemployed people as a great asset. > laborers who see them as competition More like people getting their tax money through unemployment benefits. No one thinks "God damn I love all these low skilled workers, they're such a good thing for our economy". Juts look at the US, lowest unemployment rate in decades because somehow it's the only metric that counts now, even if that means that the lower 5% has to work 2 full time jobs to make it work. > So what you're telling me is that laborer's see the unemployed as both competition for their jobs Afaik you're the only one defending this position. Depends on how you define your needs. Surely anything besides food, water and shelter could be tagged as superfluous. How far do we make it go ? Do we _need_ to be able to get toilet paper delivered in 2 hours by amazon ? Do we _need_ food delivery services ? Do we _need_ spotify ? Do we _need_ netflix ? You must think people had a miserable life not even 50 years ago, imagine, no cell phone, no taxi unless they're at voice reach, no on demand food, what a shock. I highly recommend this episode of the art of manliness podcast if you like that kind of things: https://www.artofmanliness.com/articles/fire-watcher-philip-... > if your greatest achievement is continuing the specie and leaving a legacy you have failed. Ah ok. 99.9999% of people's life achievement die with them the second they pass away. If you don't make it to Bach's level of achievement you'll be forgotten instantly. Enjoy simple things, life is beautiful without setting bs goals, play music, draw, dance, do some woodwork, who cares you'll most likely suck at it compared to the masters, just enjoy the process AFAIK using soap wouldn't do much to clean your teeth. Toothpaste work because it contains abrasive and to a lesser extent fluoride and other additives. Most of the cleaning comes from the action of the brush on your teeth which physically removes bacterias, leftover food, &c. https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Anthropomorphism I'm sure some animals have behaviours similar to our altruism. I just don't buy that particular example as a proof of : > The instinct to want to help seems normal, natural; and examples such as this even seem to serve as a tool for reflection for the face of the modern state of humanity. You can take the most eco friendly thing in the world, as soon as capitalism gets hold of it and start mass marketing it it just becomes another facet of the same disgusting monster. They pull the same shit with new social movements, especially with the lgbt community & the clothing industry, not a single company cared until it was a profitable market. "Save the planet! Be yourself! Love yourself! Progress! but more importantly C O N S U M E !" The epitome of virtue signalling. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvxYoatz-Tw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koPmuEyP3a0 Let's not fool anyone here, europe is plagued with low cost airline companies, the vast majority of flights are for leisure. The alternative to slowly destroying the world for leisure related flights is to not travel. I can buy TWO berlin<>mallorca round trips for the same price as a single taxi trip from berlin to the airport. https://www.google.com/flights?hl=en#flt=/m/0156q./m/0jwz5.2... > because wow, if you don't live in a place with public transport and already pay a substantial amount of tax in everything else and earn less than the people in the capital you should pay more right? You're the bad guys Damned if you do, damned if you don't, there is no nice way out of our unsustainable lifestyles, we're all going to take a blow. > What about all the other polluters? Shipping? Coal plants? We have 4 coal plants in france and they're about to close. As far as I know most industries pay taxes for pollution (carbon tax, eco tax, &c.) > This tax will just go to cover deficit or to pay the exceptional privileges of the government employees "just", well france is the definition of a welfare state so if it "just" helps cover the deficit mostly caused by our social security system it's already quite good. First they came for the mosquitoes, and I did not speak out because I was not a mosquito. Then they came for the rodents, and I did not speak out because I was not a rodent. ... Then they came for the me. I wouldn't be surprised if our gene editing ego trip blows back. Playing god with things we barely understand the impact of. Related: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnoUBfLxZz0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX0ozxrZlEQ > We actually understand quite a bit Last time I checked gene editing, especially on humans, is basically like using a shotgun to blast DNA and praying we didn't break anything of value. [0] We simply don't understand the mid-long term consequences. Remember when we used lead paint in kindergartens, uranium in lipsticks, asbestos in everything and sprayed unprotected kids with DDT ? That was "science" and "progress" at the time. We thought we knew everything but we didn't. And we're pulling the same shit with gene editing, something that has the potential to change the human gene pool forever, there is no git revert with that, it's not a "move fast and break things" type of situation. (And I'm not even talking about the moral aspect of it). [0] https://www.newscientist.com/article/2174149-crispr-gene-edi... https://www.sciencealert.com/sadly-the-chinese-crispr-babies... > to compare combating malaria and other deadly diseases through pest control with the holocaust. My use of the quote was purely stylistic. Neatpick: "unabomber" as in UNABOM (University and Airline Bomber). They must have really liked ice cream to go through the trouble of transporting/storing ice in Iran 2500 years ago. The logistic must have been impressive. > by targeting US tech companies It's targeting tech giants, not US companies. "Any digital company with revenue of more than €750m - of which at least €25m is generated in France" How do you tax an industry if said industry is majoritarily composed of US companies without it being flagged as discriminatory ? If we look at it the other way it would mean US companies have a free pass. India is clearly an outsider though, even compared to japan: https://pudding.cool/2018/10/city_3d/ Might not be the same industry per say but the sources of revenue overlap. Facebook and Amazon are obviously different services, they both make insane amount of money through ads, most of which escape taxes. The law is directed to companies fitting these criteria: - advertisement (Alibaba, Amazon, Apple, Ebay, Google, Groupon, Rakuten, Schibsted, Wish, Zalando.) - sale of personal data (Amadeus, Axel Springer, Booking, Expedia, Match.com, Randstad, Recruit, Sabre, Travelport Worldwide, Tripadvisor, Uber.) - intermediary platforms (Amazon, Criteo, Ebay, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Twitter, Verizon) Don't forget that most of these companies abuse the system to avoid paying tax in most EU countries, for example airbnb paid something like 70k of tax in 2015 in France (a top google engineer would pay more tax than the whole airbnb business), because the only french based airbnb entity was a sub company which was used as an intermediary between France and Ireland. Of course it's in their interest/right to use as many loopholes as they legally can, but I don't see why France wouldn't update their tax laws to close of few of these loopholes and accommodate these new business model / business practices. > It seems to me that one could make something that is a lot cheaper, a far easier to implement, a lot safer, more environmental by letting go of the ideal that the vehicle should be autonomous. As long as it doesn't imply "more profit" it's not something capitalism will naturally converge to. If we were smart we'd have a single automaker offering 3 models (small city car, sedan, some kind of truck/suv) in 1 color with as few combinations of options as possible, coming out of a few gigantic fully automated factories. Same with phones, computers, &c. Each industry is basically 10 companies inventing the wheel, perpetually, forever, spending insane amount of work, time and money on the same problems and not sharing their progress. The entire history of mammals is already quite small when you compare it to the history of earth. Protohumans/humans history is a drop in the ocean. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Earth#/media/File... There are also people who are simply better at the job no matter the conditions. Bach was a 10x composer, Rembrandt a 10x painter, you could train as hard as you can for your whole life chances are you wouldn't even be close to match their skills. imho people tell themselves 10x don't exist because it's hard to admit some people are just better. Especially in our industry in which a lot of people confound "work title/achievement" and "identity". > People are just different, have different backgrounds, different experience, different skills. Yes, and if these things make you perform ten times better than your colleagues then you're a 10x. We don't judge people by their hypothetical potential (well actually we do, for a short while), but by their current performances. It'd say it's more disrespectful/harmful to say that everyone is a Bach, a Rembrandt or an Einstein. It's not just a matter of studying and working, everyone hits a wall a some point, some way earlier than others. Your will to be better isn't enough. Labels are not harmful as long as they're factual. My light bulb is less bright than the sun, I'm not as good as a painter as Rembrandt, that's the human condition and we have to accept these things. Saying they're harmful and that everyone can become anything they want is a fairytale. Working for money is already a huge tradeoff, but working for free ... I wouldn't even imagine it. That's why there are trial periods: both sides can stop at any point for any reasons, but you still get compensated for your time. Yep, and doing the "right thing" doesn't mean everyone will be cool with it (Snowden &c.), especially in highly hierarchical institutions like google. You don't get to light a dumpster fire in your own office without inhaling some of the smoke. At that scale any move outside of what you're allowed to think/do is a workplace suicide. I wouldn't be surprised if these people end up in other renowned tech companies though, google is losing on all fronts. > It's literally illegal. There are laws against retaliation against whistleblowers. That is why it is surprising. There are many ways around the law. It happens everyday: "oopsie your team has to work on something else, double oopsie you're no working on AI anymore you'll just work on our CSV parser, that's were the money is these days. Ah ? What are you saying ? You don't want to work on that ? Well feel free to resign, we'll sign you a $200k check if you forget about it", &c. disclaimer: I don't know anything about teslas. From what I read the only way to control most of the things is through the central screen, which can be a pain compared to dedicated knobs. "Hey tesla, fire up the A/C" seems better than having to touch/look at the screen. The games/jokes are probably not built by the same teams anyway. It's more of a PR thing. afaik it's more about brain to brain interface. I can vividly imagine an horse eating grass in a field next to a river with a sunset in the background, but unless I paint it I have no way to make you see the same thing, and even if I do paint it it won't be a 1:1 representation. Another example would be feelings, describing love, fear, anger is almost impossible by words. I can also think about sharing dreams, memories, with sounds/scents/&c. I'm not a huge fan of the thing, I'd probably never get one myself, but I see the potential real use cases. Waste isn't that bad if you dispose of the chemicals. ie don't dump them in the drain. Plus most of the material isn't wasted, my dad still has all his developed films from the 80s and 90s. Load them in a scanner and you get images which are about as good as the one you'd get from a modern dslr. Lomography is also thriving in the film market: https://shop.lomography.com/en > take the wage gap There are many other issues but the wage gap is the least of them. When you control for all variables it's far less impressive than the "women get paid 70ct when men get $1". The wages are the same (legally enforced in any first world country), what they earn is less _on average_ based on many factors like career choices, pregnancy, &c. I'd be more concerned about harassment, patronisation, &c which are much harder to tackle and much less visible. But then you have to ask the question: "Why is no one doing it if it is such an advantage ?". > What’s wrong with it? Nothing, the article mostly talks about frozen / pre made low quality meals. Not surprising, on demand video services became the same thing as cable TV. Dozens of services, each having their own content... I wouldn’t be surprised if they started bundling them in the future; something like an internet provider offering Netflix + Disney + Mubi for slightly cheaper than getting the 3 separately. That would mean we went full circle and a new cycle can start. > People nowadays spend far more time at work than ever. A few generations ago kids worked at 10, there were no weekly limit, no weekends, no vacations, no security, no form of compensation if you get injured/die while working, no pension, no sick leave &c. In first world countries we never worked so little for so much comfort. > By the act of 1892 one day in the week, not necessarily Sunday, had to be given for entire absence from work, in addition to eight recognized annual holidays > Children may not be employed in industrial work before 12 years, and then only 8 hours a day at work > The first attempt to secure legislation regulating factory employment related to the hours of labour, which were very long - from twelve to thirteen hours a day. > Boys of 13 may be employed in certain work underground, but under 16 may not be employed more than 8 hours in the 24 from bank to bank. A law of 1905 provided for miners a 9 hours' day and in 1907 an 8 hours' day from the foot of the entrance gallery back to the same point. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_labour_law Afaik almost everything runs Lucene under the hood, it's 20 years old, no one is going to build something as good any time soon. I suppose some company like Google have their own in house solution but otherwise it'll always be something built on top of Lucene. I guess you don't see much demand because for a lot of use cases the basic setups are good enough. Also: learn to run properly. It's insane how many people simply don't know how to run and slowly injure themselves. https://www.runnersworld.com/beginner/a20811257/proper-runni... Including storage and distribution ? In theory a huge solar plant in the Sahara desert would cover all our needs, the problem is moving/storing the energy. Yes, more guns is always the solution !!! https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/2010_hom... Do you believe the US population has any kind of chance against the US army ? It created an arm race between civilians and the authorities. The basic police in the US is better equipped than the military of most EU countries. What if the 60% of US citizens who don't approve of Trump want to overthrow his government ? Would that be part of the 2nd amendment ? Where do you draw the line ? You have a very optimistic view on the thing. Where you see a "vibrant community" I see an inexistent work-life balance and gaited communities. It would be a real life echo chamber, SV is already enough of a bubble as it is I doubt they'd need a FacebookVille or a GoogleVille. What can a modern F1 tire do that we couldn't do with a 500BC wooden wheel ? It's 2019, if you breath chances are you're pico-aggressing someone. People spend more time being outraged about something than time actually trying to solve (or even understand) the underlying issue. The best part is that people are sensitive about topics that have nothing to do with them. Ask Buzz Aldrin what he thinks about "moonshot" he'll probably tell you he doesn't give a flying fuck. Let's call it outrage by proxy. You do you, no need for an online blog post about it though. What's up with all these medium posts with literally 0 content besides "I like to do X" ? Is this an attempt to create content with your name attached to it for some SEO reasons ? I mean, when you see his other tweets ... https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/115224093101546291... > Who are these people Pro tip: it's not the same people. You can buy XX on game console XYZ and buy XX3 on game console XYZ2 3 years later. Just like cars, cameras or PC parts, they're release every year but almost no one buys the new version at release. Look closer, it's not his account. The same thing happens with Musk all the time. > The biological female is the original gender. Weren't there no "gender" nor "female" before sexual reproduction evolved ? >what are you going to do to someone who simply forgot their PIN code? Put them in jail indefinitely, apparently. https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2017/03/man-jailed-indef... You forgot to mention that your theory requires that _nothing_ gave birth to _everything_ via _undefined behaviours_ with intelligence and consciousness being mere side effects. That's at least as silly as the other explanation. > there's obviously no super transparent cord going off to soul land. You make it sounds extra silly by using this type of language. Remember when hardcore scientists were saying "my dear you must be mad to think the earth is round", or "yeah OBVIOUSLY the stars are pinned to crystal spheres, they can't just fly, that would be silly". Anyway, the only thing we can be sure of is that we just don't know. Everything else is simply stories we tell ourselves to make us feel better. We play little games, but not all games offer the same experiences. > The more information the better. Not really, our sensors are extremely limited, if taste or smell are anything like vision we're almost sensorless. [0] [0] https://eyelighting.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/quality-o... > foregone conclusion If it's a foregone conclusion they can start a trial, if it's not they should release him. I mean, the current state of science isn't that far from your description either. Instead of "shut up it's magic" we have "shut up it's quantum physics", the experts in the field are the first ones to admit that they don't understand what they're doing/finding. "See that thing here, that's black matter", 10 years later: "Well actually that's some dark matter mixed with black matter, what is black matter your ask ? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯". Science is too busy describing and analyzing every minute details that it doesn't offer anything useable in the real world / daily life (on a personal level), that's where beliefs/philosophy intervene imho. > Rust (Assembly, C, Java and Javascript are even in Level 4) The languages in parentheses basically run the world, Rust is barely used in comparison, it's not surprising it doesn't get the same attention. I wouldn't go down that road ... You can fit a definition of "stupid" and have Asperger without the former being caused by the latter. Is saying your black coworker under-performs a form a racism ? Your female coworker being stupid would be sexism (but only if you're a man of course) ?