Grails!! OP here. Sorry for the URL, but I caught it in my twitter feed on my mobile phone and posted it. Maybe HN's mods can fix that. I tried to editing it but while you can edit the title and/or add text, you can't edit the URL (which makes sense, actually). Sorry guys. Thanks! Just the answer i was looking for!!! I love how Ikea embraces new technologies to make life actually easier, without bulls t. Actually, inside any client, you can do M-x eval-buffer and re-evaluate your whole .emacs. http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/emacs/Lis... A note: I' be careful though, because depending on how you create your variables, thing can go wrong, I guess: if you-re going to use eval-buffer on your whole .emacs, I'd better use, for example, add-hook instead to add-to-list: (add-hook c-mode-hook 'linum'mode) instead of: (add-to-list c-mode-hook 'linum-mode) Just saying. Have fun with your configs :) lol It's been a while since I last "walked out", but the one time I most clearly remember is this: Informed this guy I was not going to work any further with him, took another job on and simply ignored his emails/texts/whatever. Blocked him from calling me (Android blacklist). I just saw him one or two times, to collect the remaining payments. I've been pretty formal when talking him, and whenever he asked "I'm doing things" was my reply. "Suit up!!" That is Murphy trolling you very, very hard. There's even an AMI image for Amazon ec2 hosts IIRC, which brings down the costs when coupled with a reserved instance. Well, consider that probably the content was developed by someone who knows what he/she is talking about, and has been later edited by content editors, mistakenly. This is a reasonable explanation to me. I always thought that having a yearly subscription to a gym that provides at least showers and lockers is a good idea. OP's story seems to confirm. I used to use ZoneAlarm free firewall back in the day I was using Windows. At first it's annoying because it'll ask every single time a process wants to use the network, but after you train it, you'll get warned and explicitly ask whenever a program outside your regular ones wants to access the internet. But keep in mind that if, for example, you allow Firefox to access the internet, you won't be protected from code run by Firefox doind nasty networking stuff. Oh, I must pay attention to that. That is a very interesting observation. Edit: In the land I come from (south Italy) it was fairly common up to 50s and 60s for a couple to raise many children, as many as 7 or eight. The reason is dead simple: being the economy largely based on agriculture and being schools not very common, more children meant more helping hands. That need has basically disappeared. I came to think that many, many times deep understanding an elegant, well crafted solution are just an exercise of style, not really needed, and not actually needed (often a waste of time). And __DON'T__ get me wrong on this: I love understanding how things work and write beautiful code. The thing is: you're working for a company, and let's say you're using $language and $framework. You have the deadline in a month (or two months, or n months). You come across a problem. And here the kind of company you're working for makes the difference. If you're working for a small or medium sized company, maybe it's just better to google an answer and do some copy-paste from stack overflow. Small-sized companies have more interest in getting things done than anything else. Typically. If otherwise you're working for a big company, you're developing code which will be used by thousands (millions?) of users and your company has (or wants to establish) a role in the open source industry, then you sit down and examine the bug, you examine the stack traces, you fix it, and maybe submit a patch. Not only that, you also want to make your code as fast as it can possibly be. Because saving 2% execution time on two servers may not be that interesting if you have to spend three weeks, but saving execution time on 300 or 400 servers (or more)... Well, that matters. As many other said, it's all about compromise. You may want to consider applying for a position to $big_company. THIS. THIS. THIS. THIS. A MILLION TIMES THIS. The source code is awful and crappy, but 14 years later it still renders. Also if you save the page and load in the browser it will still load correctly. Gloriosus tales of a forgotten past. Working, so that i'll charge 1/3600th of dollar more. Did you guys try Emacs' org-mode? I feel its syntax to be similar to markdown but way more powerful. THIS. I cannot agree more: MEGA. It just works, it has client for android, windows, mac, ios, gnu/linux. Also, if you feel like paying, it's way more cheap than Dropbox. And you get privacy! All of the encryption and decryption is done client side. If you don't believe that, go and see the (public!) APIs. Algorithms. I mean, bad algorithms. When your algorithms is O(N^2) or worse, like O(N^3), the computer will handle small amount of data, and faster hardware will only allow your N to grow very little. (N being the amount of data your algorithm is dealing with). ...wow. I might just get off The bed and try it right now. Tetris is among The games GNU Emacs provides. Coincidence? I think not. I opened this tab and forgot about it. Didn't realize it was a car purring, began doing smartctl tests on my hard disk. Lol. 999£ will get you a brand new computer, why spend it on an external graphic card ? Hey, you may want to check this out: https://stack-todolist.herokuapp.com/ It's an application I wrote as I was learning Go. It's a "bookmark stack". You want to save a link? You push it in the stack. You want to read something interesting ? You trust your past self and pop something from the stack. One of the ideas is not to know what's on the stack until you've popped it out, and get used to read a page carefully once it's popped, and not to stack links "indefinitely". It a bit WIP, but feedback are welcome. Next thing on the to-do list is bootstrappizing the general look&feel. This is The dawn of a brand new era. I had nice results blocking ads with squid+adzapper. The nice thing is that it does not slow down firefox, ad opposed to the adblock plus extension. I've been writing m68k asm code and building gcc-based toolchains until two months ago for the computer architecture exam. In my emacs setup, I use Hermit (a font for programmers, by a programmer) https://pcaro.es/p/hermit/ The article is paywalled and i can't read it. Might sound like a stupid idea, but using "issues" on GitLab/GitHub ? They're pretty easy to understand, users can assign issues to other users, and labels make it easy to say what kind of problem the issue refers to. If you can't work... You can't work. Mutt or The emacsclient in terminal mode (ncurses) Good luck getting 86MPG with an used Lupo 3L. And hey, driving downhill is cheating. Also confronting used stuff with new stuff is just dumb. Plus, I don't know where you live, but in the city a thing like this could do just fine: in the city where I live I see plenty of Renault Twizys driving just fine. Lol!! Sincere kudos to Leonardo. I used to hang out with him and some others in #netbsd-it on freenode some years ago (when I was using NetBSD). He is a very nice guy. Emacs' org-mode is missing. This. But what if robustirc goes down? :P Could you elaborate on that ? This is spam in italian... LOL ? Yes, most is awesome. I recommend that too. JsonPath is no standard and last time I checked there only was a quick-and-dirty JavaScript implementation. Oh God someone is finally speaking some sense on this topic. From the replies: > What type of cat did you use? This may require a certain > weight distribution and pawing behaviour to avoid keyboard > buffer overflow. "Oh cazzo, un debian!" -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5ocXFgowZA Just a quote: "Don't worry, I've got a small program that reads from /dev/null!" Step 0: Get a folding bike. Step 1: Be an adult and carry it around with you. Might feel strange at first, but eventually people will get used to it and will stop asking questions. Step 2: Live happily. As a proud X220 user, i can confirm it is an awesome laptop. As of window manager, I am giving stumpwm an extended try. No complaints so far. I wonder what would happen if somebody does something similar with a piece of software (open or closed source). I mean, I wonder what the legal consequences would be. I used to write small Java MIDlets using just GNU Emacs because the laptop I was using at the time was too old and slow to run NetBeans. I have to say that since the Javadoc format for documentation is the best format ever, I was productive anyway. Actually, it made me get very very quick at browsing documentation and appreciate it. Also, by browsing documentation manually, I got to discover many neat stuff within the default-provided Java packages. ... Did you know you can do neat stuff with java.awt.Robot? ;) I have a Nexus 5 and a no-brand tablet I use only to read ebooks. And no, I do not like them. It's not about the hardware, the software or usability. It's about the fact that mobile phone has become the 21st century leash. I do not install random apps, and still my phone is always busy and burdened with notifications, notifications, unread messages and such. Wherever I am, day or night, someone is going to trigger a notification on your phone, send you a message or worse, CALL YOU. And thank god I ditched Facebook a long long time ago. This is _SO_ annoying. Also, it is ABSURD that I have to manually edit notification settings for every app in order to disable crap. And apps want absurd permissions (stupid example: want to convert degrees to radians? well, I'm gonna need access to camera, microphone, your contact list and your identity). Thank god android 6 fixes this. Sometimes I think I should switch back to my old (but SILL WORKING) Nokia N73, and keep my Nexus 5 as nice toy, just in case I need Google maps or something. It's high time Mozilla gets its shit together. > Ideally the tools would be language agnostic and easy to monitor That's literally cron. In order to get the output of a cronjob, most of the implementation will let you prepend a MAILTO=" " before the line containing the job. A mail will be delivered to the system user identified by , likely in /var/spool/mail/ . I am not sure, but maybe you can use a full email address too. Want statistics? Wrap your command in a statistics-gathering application (go find one in the internet or roll yourself). Low resource? Thunderbird? You might want to check out claws-mail. You get notification via a plugin (on debian/ubuntu, the plugin is in another package, but it's very easy to get). What Heroku services are you using ? Is there a pdf or epub version somewhere? I'd love to save it on my e-reader THANKS!! So... Couldn't the question become "why there is no Foxconn in the USA" ? While I share the "struggle", I do not 100% share The opinions expressed in this article. You can always be honest and professional by stating the obvious, that is: - An idea by itself is worth pretty much nothing. - I do not share your opinion and I do develop projects for a living so we can agree on a price and I can develop a prototype for you. These two statements are more than enough to end the conversation very quickly and professionally if your interlocutor is not 100% inclined to actually develop his/her project. And I really don't like phrases like "Learning to code (and most tech stuff) isn't hard". Learning to code beyond triviality is hard and that's why there are so many tutorials on the internet, and it takes a lot of time and dedication. And seriously, why do you devalue your (and other people's) work so much? Grow a pair and learn to say to people: - "I might be 100% happy and willing to develop your idea, but writing code is my job we can agree on a price. Otherwise, go talk someone else" Or: - I am sorry, but I don't share your idea and I am not interested in developing it. You might want to try talking someone else. Do not elaborate much if not asked to. People don't like advices they didn't ask for. It was high time for it to come back. When it stopped working it seemed to me that time had moved abour three years backwards. It seems to me that most commenters are ignoring the fact that the author is a guy that basically left high level mathematics after completing his phd. So basically he went doing other stuff not functional-analysis-related and his functional-analysis got rusty. It seems quite reasonable to me. Call it old code syndrome, call it "my math got rusty", it seems quite normal to me. Also: according to http://fjmubeen.com/about/ , the author got his phd in 2007. It's 2016. Almost ten years. What... What are we talking about? You're right. I still think my point is valid though. I guess he still has a strong mathematical background, a solid problem solving attitude, but details of the topic of his doctoral thesis are missing. It's been many years, it isn't strange at all. Dumb question: what will change for end-users ? Kudos to Apple for standing up to the US government and stand by its users. I would like people that keep saying stupid stuff like this to try and compare the size of GNU Emacs to the size of, say, NetBeans, Eclipse or Visual Studio. There is an enormous amount of stuff that "conventional" IDEs to and emacs does not do. Consider NetBeans: there are a lot of people that use the NetBeans platform to create stuff that have nothing to do with programming, the very same way emacs users create modes that have nothing to do with programming: https://platform.netbeans.org/screenshots.html Seriously guys, grow the f k up. As an italian, I call bullshit. Some people are just closed to new stuff and Wired writers made a whole-italy-opinion out of this (out of a few tweets, actually). To be 100% honest, when I've been in a Starbucks store (in London, Geneve and Hamburg)... Well, the baristas just don't know how to make a proper espresso coffee. Despite this, I guess that Starbucks in Italy will be smart enough to hire italian baristas that have previous experience on how to make an espresso coffee and let them avoid starbucks-only recipes/techniques (assuming such things exist). Also, I hope italian starbucks will be as nice as other countries, and let me sit at their table, mind my own stuff and enjoy some coffee or tea or something else. In the end, they are very welcome to come and open all the stores they want. If they will be able to adapt to the italian market and stay alive... We will see. 'data' comes from latin, and 'data' is plura. the singular is 'datum'. In Italian (the direct descendent of latin) there is both singular and plural for datum (singular: 'dato', plural: 'dati') IMHO the right thing to do is to update system-config-printer to work with python 3 and forget this issue. I used to own an HP Jornada 728, and run NetBSD or JLime Linux off a compact flash card. It was an amazing device, it's very sad nothing of the kind has been produces. Folks at jlime.org (Kristoffer, IIRC?) were designing some custom FlashRom boards in order to have better hardware control and not need windows ce to boot linux. I haven't checked in years, who knows if they got anything to actually work... I like the fact that at the end of the transmission they "stream" some data (code, possibly?) to viewers at home by just airing it. A relative of mine asked some very similar question a while ago, asking: "But this computer i bought in 1999 was super fast at the time, how comes it is so slow now?" While the computer is the same (actually it was upgraded by adding more ram and a way bigger hard disk) the real difference is the amount of data we process: in 1999 we did take dozens of 5MB 12-Megapixel photos, we did not have rich internet applications in our browsers (Facebook?) and we did not have full-hd movies. I feel that many times the software gets slower, but more importantly we use the same computer to perform computation on bigger-sized data (sometimes even an order of magnitude bigger). Very interesting. I can confirm nethack is a very nice game. Did anyone mention the emacs interface yet? http://www.nongnu.org/nethack-el/ Meh. http://oi65.tinypic.com/11uagc6.jpg This is actually a nice joke. I think users should be able to flag a certain subtree of the comments tree as "off-topic" or "tangential" so that after a certain flag threshold such subtree is automatically shown as folded, and users would be able to see the most related comments first. This is awesome. I wonder what else can be "grown". Same is for HN. I submitted this exact same video 18 hours earlyer... WTF ? > https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11372150 I am getting downvoted a lot and I really don't see why. I didn't mean to be offensive towards the user that posted this entry, but just highlight this "issue". My main "wtf" is due to the fact that in the past I submitted links that were already in the system and I got redirected to the comments page, as usual. Considering this is the exact case and there are eighteen hours between submission, i guessed this is a noticeable glitch. So please, stop dowinvoting me. I think the main difference is that it is not a subculture anymore. Playstations run a very heavily modified and locked down version of FreeBSD. I write my small web applications using the Gin framework, I feel no shame in this, but I partially agree with the link you shared. But, quite frankly: - I like that gin does some of the work for me. - I like that I have to write a bit less code, while basically keeping all of the semantic - I like that I can access the Request and ResponseWriter structs via the gin.Context struct. I dislike (or opinions I share): - Well yes, sometime things break and you have to a bit more time on the problem - Sometimes new features come out and you will have to wait for or framework developers, or even patch it yourself (all things that actually keep you from writing your code) - Sometimes development of the framework take a path you just don't like. - Sometime you find that things could just be done better, but developers disagree and you can't fix this problem without forking and ending up with ANOTHER micro-framework. In the end, I am still okay with going with the gin framework. I feel no special love for gin, but it is okay. What I would really, really love is something like Grails (in terms of development speed), but in Go. It's sad that you can be sued for using numbers. Too OberonStation costs nearly 180$ Many friends of mine have been or are OVH customers due to their low price and all of them say the support is just awful. In my own experience, when I was consulting a company with a physical server on OVH and opened a ticket... Well, you know when you open a ticket, you don't know when they will be answering. Also, they have an awful ipv6 setup: https://otacon22.com/2016/02/21/two-hosting-providers-ipv6-s... I've used phone support and according to my experience, their phone support is as poor as the regular one. I was/am developing a web application to create beautiful flashcards, using LaTex. I coded a very basic MVP that basically let you create a deck of cards and export it to PDF for print and cut. I showed it to some university friends but none of them showed real interest. I still run it on a dokku instance on Digital Ocean, because I use it myself from time to time. If anyone is interested, the stack was golang + gin framework + postgresql + texlive + javascript + bootstrap + mathjax. At the end of this all, it was a nice exercise in building something useful with Go and I now have a nice tool in my toolbox. I had a fairly nice experience with X2Go. But you might also want to try stuff like icebergs.io or nitrous.io ( https://www.nitrous.io/features ) Dumb question: in this context, "TPS" means... ? T Per Second? Thanks :) This is interesting to me because recently I have been playing with the open source spice software, ng-spice, and all of the other tools. I'll make sure to watch the whole series tomorrow morning :) I would like to point out that compiler explorer is very easy to extend with other toolchains and that Matt Godbolt is a very nice person. I extended Godbolt's Gcc Explorer adding other toolchains (Motorola 68000 and MIPS, built with crosstools-ng) beside the standard AMD64 one, and released as a Docker image. I did this because... I had to read and write M68k code for a class, and having GCC generate code for me (with -O0 and the colourisation feature) was the easiest way to get some code to read, besides the very basic examples) In case you have to work with MIPS or M68K, you can find my "version" here: https://hub.docker.com/r/esantoro/acso-explorer/ IIRC, the bundled gcc is version 4.9.something A very nice book about assembly programming is "Assembly Language Step-by-Step: Programming with Linux, 3rd edition" ( http://www.amazon.com/dp/0470497025 ). The nice thing about this book is that it guides the reader at understanding how the machine works first, and only then to assembly programming. The sad thing about this book is that it references 32 bit intel-compatible processors. My guess is that the original author has grown old and is not interested in producing a fourth edition of such book. On this matter, I would like to ask: is it worth learning assembly for the x86/32-bit instructions, now that pretty much every computer is built on the amd64 architecture ? I bought Graham's "Ansi Common Lisp" book and read it briefly, and tried to write some code as well. I also read "Successful Lisp" briefly. Hoping to give constructive feedback and not to start a flame, here are some opinions/impressions. Please note that : 1. These are mostly impressions, not complete opinions. 2. I am only talking about Common Lisp. I am not talking about Scheme, Clojure or other stuff. Ok then: 1) Lisp feels... Messy. Expecially when you're learning it. 2) Maybe... Too many implementations? This is not a problem per se, but sometime it happens that not all the implementation implement all of the features, or implement them differently enough that you have to write the same code for different interpreters. Example: https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm/blob/master/make-image.li... see the various #+clisp, #+sbcl and stuff. 3) Batteries not included. The ANSI standard defines the language and pretty much nothing more. Yeah you have libraries and quicklisp, but it feels fragile and quite "opaque". Also, I always used SBCL and I am not 100% sure all the libraries work with all of the interpreters/compilers. I feel it would be nice to have a new standard that defines a set of additional API that implementors should implement. Ideally, it would be nice to have common lisp to be "batteries included" like Python. But please let's avoid the Scheme SRFI mess. Consider this: it is a fact that MIT introductory programming class switched from Scheme to Python because among other things, students were spending too much time reading libraries manuals and implementation references instead of writing code. 5) The Common Lisp HyperSpec. Let's say I find it to have a poor usability. 4) Stuff is generally poorly documented, and fragmented. While things like quicklisp work, it's visible that those are basically one-man projects. This isn't reassuring. 5) Given the heritage, there is not such thing as a "Lisp community" and the lack of governance is quite evident in the sense of lack of direction and lack of uniformity in pretty much everything. 6) Emacs. "It's lisp!". Well actually emacs lisp and common lisp are different languages, and differences will come up. Emacs is my editor of choice, but I' starting to grow worried about it. These are some of the reasons why I decided not to "invest" in Common Lisp. Android Nutella :D It's... Slow. The idea is nice: create groups dynamically. But god it's slow. It has the same problem that Google Plus had: it's SLOW. Boringly slow. Next step, imho, should be to go to the police or something like this. My guess is that this project is very poorly advertised... A couple of months ago I was playing with remote desktops and did not find this marvel. I ended up playing with X2Go, which is nice BTW. I am wondering... Assuming I have a Linux remote desktop, can I disconnect and reconnect after a while BUT leave all of my applications running? I mean, without logging out. I know about tmux (and gnu screen), but i was thinking of something like pause/resume. Once upon a time i read that in the eighties at Sun Microsystems they had a big fat thin-client based architecture with dumb thin clients that only had vga port, keyboard, mouse and a smart-card reader. The nice thing about such architecture was that once your smart-card was pulled out, the screen blanked and your remote session was closed. But your desktop session was still running, on the server! The coolest thing about this was that basically you could pick any desk in the building and just sit there and work. Or you could go to one of your colleagues' desk, pull out his/her smartcard, insert your one in, and show him/her what you've been working on, ask for help, collaborate or anything. This has always fascinated me. I was wondering if I could use guacamole to do something similar: leave my desktop running in a datacenter somewhere in the world and use whatever to just connect to it and "resume" working. Unless you're going to reference your blog-posts in the documentation and you're willing to keep such documentation updated, I'd strongly recommend you to focus on improving the documentation instead of writing long walls of text on the internals. If I imagine myself using your framework, well, I would be very angry at you if I had to stop writing code, leave my editor and go read your shilly-shally. I would focus on: 1) Topics like "Application structure", "Application Deployment", "Application command-line interface" (which at the moment of writing are all just a "TODO"). 2) Sample code. A 30 lines example is worth a thousand word blog post 3) More sample code. Ideally, one for every crucial part (cookies? session? middlewares?) By the way: I see there are some examples, great! But add some more comments to your examples. 4) Blog post on internals. I'd delay the blog post upon internals because I guess that since you'll be receiving a lot of feedback you might want to change things in the internals thus "invalidating" your blog posts. P.s: congratulations on using doxygen so well! I wish more project had such a well done documentation! p.p.s: I hope you won't find my comment rude or anything, I actually like this project. It's happening: GitLab has basically filled the feature gap with GitHub and it is surpassing it. There will also be bigger storage :) Nokia is dead. Get over it. You just literally answered yourself: natural languages have origins, roots,history and heritage, while artificial languages do not. So programs that have no problems whatsoever (like tmux and screen) will have to add linux-specific code to support a systemd feature no one asked for. Nice. (/s) I wanted to share this link because I find this to be a beautiful example of how sending something simple as an e-mail to thank for writing a piece of software or giving some feedback/suggestion can be a very big stimulus in keeping writing the software. Does this mean that I can now put a "Pay me" button on my websites, be paid with regular debit cards and receive bitcoins directly ? Sounds awesome! I recently gave a talk and crafted my slides using the good old LibreOffice Impress. Everything went smoothly and I only had some minor scratches with code highlighting. I am always amazed by how much technical people underestimate office suites (MS Office and LibreOffice) and reinvent the wheel every month or so. Well, technically open document formats are compressed XML. So if you could save them in an uncompressed format you could diff them easily. But dunno. AFAIK LaTeX/Beamer should be The Tool for this, but it always is a PITA to use. LyX is of very small help (when it doesn't break). I tried the bullet journal and it didn't fit me. What instead fit my needs was some simple printable agenda. I used the ones at http://philofaxy.blogspot.it/p/diary-inserts.html The good thing is that it costed me as extremely little. Did you consider troff/nroff programs? They were/are the programs used to write unix/linux manpages. Such documents are usually rendered in our terminal via the man utility, but they can export to html and pdf too (man man). I used to read a bit about the format and it does not look bad at all. If you didn't know, Ken Thomposon's "The Go Programming Language" was typesed using troff (and it looks okay to me). I am always a bit surprised by comments that give Microsoft a bad reputation no matter what it does. The computer science field has always been "ruled" by ideas and philosophies, but in the end a company is a company, and the ultimate goal of a company is to make money. It isn't weird or evil that Microsoft is trying to make money using whatever mean it can use. By the way, it's crystal clear that a considerable Microsoft is pivoting to become a cloud provider and in that sense the most obvious thing to do is to provide developers with all of the tools they might need. Kudos to Microsoft for being able to perform such a direction change. Plus consider that competition usually means lower prices for customers.. We should be happy that new players are diving into the cloud business. I am 24 and have experienced people complaining about this. And don't get me wrong: I understand the struggle. I share the point of view. But let's just not live in the past :) Awesome timing: I am hosting a LAN party in two weeks, and I'd really love to hear as many tips and suggestion as you HNers can give me. Thanks in advance! All o can think after seeing the page is... "so what?" I see systems come and go, but IRC is still there, fast and light on large scale. Colorful alternatives works too but at a very high price: You need heavy, often proprietary software and do not handle large group communication so well. Considering how much information the NSA has collected and how regularly, i think they should have been able to stop drug sales and bust most if not all drug-dealers a long long ago, without any need for accessing medical data. So I spawned a virtual server and I am downloading some courses I wanted to take. What a shame. Farewell, free learning. In case you want to download as may courses as possible before they fade away, here are some notes. Please forgive me some mistakes, I wrote this a bit in a hurry. =========================== 1) Spawn a virtual server on DigitalOcean. I am using the 40$/month in order to have 40GB of space, but my plan is to shut it down in a day or two. The advantage is to have storage space AND super-fast connection. If you don't want to spend money, here is my referral code: https://m.do.co/c/867be540644c This will give you 10$ credit for free. 2) Install screen, python-virtualenv, python3, python3-pip 3) edit ~/.bash_aliases: #!/usr/bin/env bash alias download="./coursera-dl -u > -p >" alias download_preview="./coursera-dl -b -u > -p >" 4) Install coursera-dl: see https://github.com/coursera-dl/coursera-dl#alternative-insta... name the virtualenv "coursera", and place it in the root home directory 5) patch to use python3: * pip3 install -r requirements.txt * patch coursera/coursera.dl: #!/usr/bin/env python # -*- coding: utf-8 -*- Becomes: #!/usr/bin/env python3 # -*- coding: utf-8 -*- 6) Edit ~/.bashrc Add this lines at the end of the file: cd coursera source bin/activate cd coursera ======================= The setup process is done. Here is how to use it: 1) Start a screen session: `screen -S coursera` download_preview compilers-004 you can download more courses in parallel by creating another window (C-a c) and typing donwload_preview $coursename. I can't get to download the "C++ for C programmers" course via coursera-dl... anyone had some luck ? progfun1 failed for me. proglang-002 didn't even begin downloading. I wonder what would have happened with a flat subscription model... Like "Pay 19.99 monthly and take whatever class you want". Tested and successfully downloaded (about 30GB): - recsys-001 - hwswinterface-002 - eefun-001 - experiments-001 - gametheory-003 - crypto-010 - pgm - cariesmanagement-003 - algo2-003 - analyze-003 - audio-002 - ml-005 - sna-2012-001-staging - spatialcomputing-001 - organalysis-003 - compilers-004 - modelthinking-006 - ggp-003 - algo-009 - intrologic-005 - automata - linearopt-002 - matrix-002 Please add below this comment other coursed that can be downloaded. See comments on reddit too: https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/4njrt0/golden_... As someone else pointed out, that is not allowed by the TOS. But quite frankly... now that such content is not freely available anymore, I expect that to begin circulating on the p2p networks anyway. I would like to point out that I am only downloading such content for my personal use, and I am just helping other people do the same. Thanks mate :) It will be no problem as all filed are served via Amazon CloudFront CDN... ... But they're gonna get a hell of a bill this month, I guess. I suddenly feel an urge to learn Estonian. That would be an interesting read. Awesome. Just awesome. I was thinking that it didn't come to my mind to sit down and download as much content as I could from courses because it was freely available. What I realized is that even on the internet nothing lasts forever, and that I should always download stuff I like, just in case... A complete list of the courses cited so far in this thread can be obtained via this shell one-liner: curl "https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11881767" | grep -Po "[a-zA-Z0-9-]*-0\d{2}" | sort | uniq better: curl "https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11881767" | grep -Po "[a-zA-Z0-9-]*-0\d{2}" | sort | uniq | awk '{print "# " $0}' You might might want to update your script :) c-plus-plus-a works, thanks mate. Basing on my experience, there is no such thing as "gentlemen's understanding" (or "gentewomen's understanding"). Gentlemen/Gentlewomen take responsibility for their actions/agreements and sign contracts. Again, basing on my experience, if somebody does not want to sign a contract, they're already planning on taking advantage of you. In this cases, my approach is to backtroll and say: "okay, I'll work for you without a contract, but you have to pay me in full, upfront and in cash". This suddenly puts them in your position (all risks and no guarantees) and usually ends the discussion, with them either agreeing for reasonable terms and signing a contract or stopping wasting your time (in any case, it's a win). Note: I have to admit that "they" agreeing to pay in full, upfront and in cash never happened to me, and if that happened I don't think I would agree. I tried and tbh i found it to be quite a high-maintenance system. My solution was to download and print agenda templates from http://philofaxy.blogspot.it/p/diary-inserts.html The nice thing is that multiple templates are available for free and it costs as little as printing 50 or 100 pages (1page/week or 2pages/week), front/back and black/white. Beside that, I'm only using a normal binder. Despite this, next year I'm going back to a Moleskine weekly agenda. 15-17€/year is just a worth price for a good agenda. Address is 127.0.0.1 ... looool I made a group order for 40 CHIP computers. I was definitely pissed off by the fact that I could only order five of them at the time (but there was no limit on the number of order I could place). I am looking forward for them to start delivering. I hope that VAT won't be too high. As I said, I made a group order. I gathered orders by many people (mostly friends) and ordered. I guess keywords in the tld part of the domain are more aimed towards humans than googlebots. As a student/hobbyist, since Linode doesn't have $5/month plan (and a referral program), I'm staying on DigitalOcean. Last time I checked it had pretty much no documentation in english and even most of their website was in chinese. Let's see if they did any better this time. this is extremely important: just yesterday I forgot my phone at my university (luckily it hasn't been stolen) and realized that i was cut out of most services that use my phone as second authentication factor. Friendly reminder: it's been more than 15 years now, but we basically still can't have firefox handling textboxes right when using a dark gtk theme. Link: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=70315 Previous submission: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11147547 Classic OVH. Besides OVH having pretty crappy support, it is worth noticing that Oles (the ovh ceo/owner) basically only tweets in French, despites having customers from all-over the world. This is plain rude. This time he tweeted in english just to make some noise. But the truth is that OVH redistribuites a modified version of ubuntu, abusing of the Ubuntu trademark. Canonical rightfully wants OVH to either stop using the Ubuntu trademark or pay canonical to certifiy that the OS ovh distribuites is an Ubuntu-grade ubuntu derivative. This is perfectly fine. If OVH does not want to pay, OVH should just call their ubuntu-based OSes something like "OVH Linux". BTW, 1-2 Eur/installatio is an insane price, I suspect that Oles is just lying about that pice. >> Besides OVH having pretty crappy support, it is worth noticing that Oles (the ovh ceo/owner) basically only tweets in French, despites having customers from all-over the world. This is plain rude. > Many US-American companies have customers all-over the world and still only tweet in English. And this is right. English is the de-facto standard language is business and science. It doesn't matter if your company is french, american, italian, brazilian or something else: you really SHOULD write/tweet in english, at least to your customers/clients. There was a discussion about Iris on the github issue tracker of Gin, another framework, dated March 13 2016: https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin/issues/560 Some benchmark were made too. Given the state of the art of golang ORMs, I guess this might be a plus. I have tried xorm and gorm (besides database/sql) and while I settled on gorm, they both have some fundamental design flaws: * xorm onInsert/onUpdate hooks are designed the wrong way. Last time I tried, hooks received object instances by value and not by reference, meaning I could not actually update things before hitting the database. * both xorm and gorm have schema-generation capabilities, but have you looked at the schema they generate? Last time I checked, gorm-generated schemas had basically no referential integrity whatsoever, and no foreign key was being generated. But I guess it's only time before a well-done golang ORM shows up. Besides, keep in mind that the C language has some "weird corners" and in some considtions, you might encounter an "unspecified behaviour" scenario. For short, there are some cases in which the C language specification does not tell you what to do and how to interprete code and in this cases, the choice is left to the compiler. This is not trivial as it might look. For example, what happens when you omit the return statement at the end of a function? GCC will to automatically insert a return statement for you, but Clang will not. Both are perfectly fine behaviours... As long as you are aware of it. If you always compiled your code with GCC and suddenly switch to clang you might see weird shit, because the processor reached the end of your function, found no return instruction, and just went ahead and executed whatever code was put after your function (and it might not be so obvious what code is there). (But in a way, this is part of the beauty of the C language: there is very little abstraction, and it is easy to understand what will happen when you run C code.) I actually dislike the fact that the website is wasting two thirds of my screen. But this is a general rant, not specific to this website. (please note that I am using a regular 15.6" FHD screen, nothing fancy) I host my own email at home on a domestic connection with a domestic fixed ipv4 and I only set up SPF. Most e-mail providers accept my email. More accurately: in the last two years only gmx.de rejecte one email. I don't think so. Floppy died because new storage media offered what people desperately needed: storage space. Usb-c is more likely going to offer what people don't really need for a price that they are very unlikely to agree spending. Plus, if I sum up all of the euros I've spent on headsets... Well, a large part of that sum has been spent on sub-10 € headset. Good luck making a good profit margin on that market segment. Don't feed the troll. It isn't. Emacs vs Vim is more a matter of personal taste. I have used both, here are my opinions. Note: I was a vim user that switched to emacs. Vi/Vim: ============= It IS worth learning because it is the de-facto standard editor on most unix and unix-like systems, and most of the times it comes preinstalled. The basics can be learnt in half an hour or so. The nice thing about vim is that it fits very well in the Unix environment doing basically one thing and doing it fairly well. Please note that vi and vim are two different things: 'vi' is more of a family of editors, with vim being the most widely used one. Most vi-like editors share the same keybinding and stuff, and you can use most using the same of keybindings and concepts. One of the things where vim falls short is that its scripting language is quite crappy, and it's quite a PITA to work with. Plus once you learn it, it is quite useless outside vim. GNU Emacs ============= GNU Emacs is a radically different approach to editing text and it resembles one of the early lisp machines: you have a bunch of functions lying around and you call and compose them as you need them. The learning curve is quite steep but it is very flexible, it has a reasonably nice scripting language that you can use even outside (well, most of the syntax). The thing I like about emacs is that it gives you a coherent environment to do most of your things, and a scripting language to customize most of its aspect. So what? ============= Well, nothing. Try them both and stick with what you like. I think it is really worth to learn at least the basics of both. To be fairly honest, I have some pain points with both of them... But that would be OT, and better suited for another post :) This is so wrong on so many levels. 1. IQ test has been shown not to represent actual "intelligence" 2. Intelligence does not mean justice, fairness or anything else. 3. Conflict of interest. What if the so called "most intelligent" people have some interest in the voting? 4. Trainning. I'm pretty sure anyone could end up in resulting a genius by trainning on problem sets for IQ tests. 5. Being smart doesn't automatically make you a good people. Smart and asshole are not mutually exclusive. Oh boy. I used to use a similar thing in high school, the Z80 uProfessor, which is based on the Zilog Z80. (edit: yep, I have used the same "Multitech MPF-1 Kit" board!!) So many memories!! I can tell stories about programming things like this. It is not as easy as you might think. Here is how we used to do it: 1. Draw a flow chart on paper 2. Translate the flow-chart to assembly source. 3. Keeping the processor data-sheet in your left hand, hand-translate assembly code into opcodes, by hand. Compute relative jumps by hand. Do not use a compiler. Be the compiler. 4. Now that you have your opcodes, get your board. 4.1 Set the starting address (it was 1800_h for me) 4.2 input opcode (two hex numbers, one byte) 4.1 increment address (the '+' key is for that) 4.3 if finished goto 5 4.4 goto 4.2 5. set address back to starting point (like 1800_h) 6. Run your code! (press 'go') Now... 60% of the times, it fails every time. But I miss doing this kind of exercise :) My unit was already programmed... I guess I was lucky! :) Dublin ? It's right there, many big companies already have their offices there, English is the official spoken language, it is basically a far as uk to reach from the point of view of any European citizen, and it is cheaper (I guess). Taxation is lower BUT actually enforced: there is no such thing as City of London corporation, isle of man or crap like that. I guess it is less "developed" than London, but becoming the next European tech hub might be a great drive for development. The sad thing about Germany is their loathe for the English language: you basically cannot expect to fully live there without learning German. ATMs and self-dispensers (example: bus/subway ticket machines) are poorly translated to English, for example. For example, bus/subway stops are only announced in German, not in English. In Milan, Italy, bus and subway stops are announced in both Italian and English, public transport works very well in my opinion. It's a pity that doing business in Italy is basically a rat race, taxation is ridiculously high (compared to the services and services level you get) and there is a crazy bureaucracy, otherwise Milan would be an awesome place for a tech hub. This overall article made me realize that since modern browsers can use one process per webpage, maybe we should try and run such process in cgroups in order to limit their resource usage. Maybe this could solve the "facebook makes my fan explode" problem. It's just an idea. StumpWM: despite being Emacs-inspired, you can get going with very few keystrokes (just like in ratpoison) and despite I would like to switch to i3 (many friends have super cool setups) I cannot manage to stop using StumpWM. It just like vim: you learn those 4 things and you can do 90% of the things you usually do. For the remaining 10%.... there is the manual. Oh god someone finally did this I have google now on my phone and I had no idea how to use it. Scroll down to the "Customer Review" section ;) I am afraid this is true. The `declare` thing is common lisp is a bit poorly understood in general: `declare` is not a promise the compiler makes to you to only accept the declared type. `declare` is actually a promise YOU make to the compiler to only pass the declared type as parameter. Knowing this, the compiler can activate some optimization (it's an integer? i guess i can skip type detection then). But let's get real: * (defun double-integer (x) (declare (type integer x)) (* 2 x)) DOUBLE-INTEGER * (double-integer 2) 4 * (double-integer "qualcosa") ;; error here, stack trace omitted * (disassemble 'double-integer) ; disassembly for DOUBLE-INTEGER ; Size: 37 bytes. Origin: #x10044E4242 ; 42: 498B4C2460 MOV RCX, [R12+96] ; thread.binding-stack-pointer ; no-arg-parsing entry point ; 47: 48894DF8 MOV [RBP-8], RCX ; 4B: 488BD6 MOV RDX, RSI ; 4E: BF02000000 MOV EDI, 2 ; 53: 488B0576FFFFFF MOV RAX, [RIP-138] ; # ; 5A: B904000000 MOV ECX, 4 ; 5F: FF7508 PUSH QWORD PTR [RBP+8] ; 62: FF6009 JMP QWORD PTR [RAX+9] ; 65: CC10 BREAK 16 ; Invalid argument count trap NIL * (defun double-integer (x) (* 2 x)) WARNING: redefining COMMON-LISP-USER::DOUBLE-INTEGER in DEFUN DOUBLE-INTEGER * (disassemble 'double-integer) ; disassembly for DOUBLE-INTEGER ; Size: 38 bytes. Origin: #x1004B6CBCC ; CC: 498B4C2460 MOV RCX, [R12+96] ; thread.binding-stack-pointer ; no-arg-parsing entry point ; D1: 48894DF8 MOV [RBP-8], RCX ; D5: BF04000000 MOV EDI, 4 ; DA: 488BD3 MOV RDX, RBX ; DD: 41BBA0020020 MOV R11D, 536871584 ; GENERIC-* ; E3: 41FFD3 CALL R11 ; E6: 488B5DF0 MOV RBX, [RBP-16] ; EA: 488BE5 MOV RSP, RBP ; ED: F8 CLC ; EE: 5D POP RBP ; EF: C3 RET ; F0: CC10 BREAK 16 ; Invalid argument count trap NIL * (double-integer 2) 4 * (double-integer "qualcosa") ;; error here, stack trace omitted The difference is clear: instead of just performing the multiplication, the generated code must CALL a generic function. With all of the cost of function calling (memory access time and stuff). It would be nice to see this document updates, pages like http://www.tldp.org/HOWTO/Assembly-HOWTO/gcc.html still references gcc 2.7 and older. my house is connected to the street, does it mean it isn't a private place ? SEEKING WORK - REMOTE ONLY I am a student of computer engineering wanting to make some real-world experience (and earn some money). My preferred stack is Golang+PostgreSQL+GNU/Linux. I mostly do backend web development, but I am open to proposals for non-web stuff. Things/languages I have used it the past: Java, C, Python, HTML5/CSS, Jenkins, Git, Flask, Grails, Postfix, letsencrypt, Heroky, Golang (gin-gonic framework mostly), gnu make, bash scripting, openvpn. Some things about my tech personality: - Thinkpad W530 - Comfortable in both GNU Emacs and vim (though I prefer Emacs) - Xubuntu + tiling WM (stumpwm) - run my services (email, web) on my own server - I like to read code, sometimes more than writing code I can accept both wire transfers or bitcoin as a mean of payment (bitcoin is preferred). I do not accept checks as payments (sorry, it takes too long to cash them). You can see my email address in my profile page. Evolution used to be awesome and fast. Nowadays it carries a lot of dependencies. You make videos about repairing stuff, you get nearly sued. I wonder what would happen if the same logic was applied to cars, water heaters, and basically everything else. Awesome, I was just looking for a course in database systems. It's a pity that Jennifer Widom's db-class isn't offered anymore in a classical manner (I don't like self-paced minicourses). EDIT: Oh, it's a course in database systems internals, not basics... Does anyone know of a good introductory course in databases ? This is interesting: what defines 'entry level', 'junior' and 'senior'? When it was still possible to use the Facebook chat via XMPP I used to use Pidgin as client, and chat securely using the Pidgin OTR plugin. Message appeared in the Facebook page as "encrypted message". I guess you hardly can get better than this. I wish Guile was as well-documented as Racket. It's easy: every one is paying that 16%. Taxes can be low if everyone (no matter their size, big or small) pay them. Can confirm: I usually "evaluate" books before buying them. Some books are really worth having on your bookshelf. I think this really should also list which sites will let you download a series of tokens to use in case of mobile phone loss. I recently forgot my phone at university and realized that I was potentially locked out of many websites. Wow, incredible!! /s Confirm. I have been thought that 'hacker' is a title that other people give to you, but you do not give to yourself. The only exceptions are people that "created" the hacker culture: people like Stallman, Sussman, esr, etc. Just my two cents. Imho we should all agree on what services (NickServ, ChanServ, MemoServ, etc) a next generation IRC server should offer, and what their syntaxes should be. All the other stuff is pretty much fine. Maybe we could try and define some networking trick in order to have mobile clients work better? P2P encryption is already available using OTR. Check out the OTR plugin for xchat/hexchat (or was it pidgin?) I know of a company that has a "#sbrocco" channel suited to unleash your rage and just let it out. I'll leave my two cents here. My two cents come from two experiences: submitting a patch to an open source GNU project on GNU Savannah, and asking for directions to the emacs-devel mailing list in order to read the GNU Emacs codebase (because I want to do weird/neat/crazy/nasty stuff with Emacs buffers). So: 1) Gnu Savannah. It's okay. It's a bit weird but it does everything it should do. Most open source development happens on GitHub nowadays, and this basically means that savannah is weird to work with. Imho it should just be more documented, possibly in a "visual way" (ie, video). 2) The emacs-devel mailing list. It just works. The access barrier is low (can you receive emails? can you send emails? then you can come hack with us) and it really is that simple. I really don't understand what people don't get about mailing lists. For short, most of the article says that emacs development has not enough colours and and buzzwords. p.s: GNU Emacs the whole GNU project had a "code of conduct" way before this was the "cool" thing: it's the GNU Manifesto. Only tangentially related: I find the concept of laboratory journal fascinating. I wonder if someone keeps such a thing, and how would it be. How could the concept of lab journal apply to computer science and/or software engineering ? People used to attach instant photos (think of Polaroid cameras) to their journal... and that was it, basically. I guess you/we will have to find a compromise. No it is not. Most of the assembly labour in order to create a Ferrari is manual labour. This is one of the reasons because they cost so much. Oh, that and the fact that such cars can easily reach 300 km/h. > Anyone who opposes this change, or doesn’t know about it, > or simply forgets to update their client software, can > excise themselves from the network. > >Thus, hard forks are the most democratic means of consensus on earth today. I really don't agree. If you can't maintain yout non-forked version yourself, you are basically forced to agree. Otherwise, you'll be soon left out. As soon as you are forced to upgrade, your client will be accepting such transfers. So here it goes: by pushing hard-forks of the software, the strength of Bitcoin is basically being circumvented. If this goes, Bitcoin is definitely dead. I'm sorry for Ross Ulbricht for his loss, but we really should not be doing this. Duplicate of: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12139625 (posted 6 hours earlier) I live happily without Facebook, but I'm not a teen anymore. I was thinking: is HN a social media? Gitlab issue tracker I have skimmed some books about Linear Algebra, both in Italian and in English, and my favourite so far is "Geometria e Algebra Lineare" by Enrico Schlesinger. The book is very well written but sadly it won't be enough to pass a typical italian Linear Algebra exam. This is because, in my opinion, examples are too vague or too "abstract": when you're first learning such subject, it would be better to have layman terms, that is simple examples with simple numbers. More complex examples might be okay too, but simple examples should come first. Reference: http://www.zanichelli.it/ricerca/prodotti/algebra-lineare-e-... I actually don't like the Strang book and his MIT course. I watched 6 or 7 of his lessons, and to be honest, I think they're nice if you already know the subject. I have skimmed both an italian version of his book and an english one, still didn't like it. The nice thing about the Schlesinger book is that it builds all of the concepts basically from scratch. Euclid’s Elements are quoted too, in the introduction. Too bad it has poor examples. Warranty is expensive to manufacturers and they try and make everything not to fix your stuff. This is why you should buy from brands that are known for good warranty: I had an awesome experience with Lenovo for my ThinkPad and terrible experience with Dell (they literally refused to fix my laptop, just a year old, because it was second hand and I didn't have the original buying receipt -- though the laptop still had its service tag and more than a year of warranty). Next time, buy a Lenovo tablet. this is why they are doing it now. yes but what is gnu hyperbole ? what does it do? screen? screencast? videos ? samples ? I had nice results with Tekken 3 soundtrack. Tomba/Tombi sountrack is nice too. I always found peculiar of computer science in general the fact that once something has got good enough, people in the field feel the urge to throw everything out of the window and rebuild the whole thing, just a tiny bit differently, possibly making the same mistakes that have been done in the past. My rant from when I was reading "getting things done" by David Allen: on about 250 pages, the first 80-100 pages are about how good is the GTD system. I ALREADY GAVE YOU MY MONEY, I DON'T NEED TO BE CONVINCED, I'M ALREADY SOLD, JUST TEACH ME THE GODDAMN THINGS. The "Getting Things Done" system is a book about management of work in the sense of things that you have to do. It really shines when you have multiple aspects of your life. I think there is a simple answer for this: Apple is busy doing other stuff (probably figuring out the next market to dive into) and isn't caring that much about 15" rMBP which after all still sells good. Imho Apple will upgrade when sales will slow down below a certain threshold. Please use: bzr get https://code.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-core-dev/pam/ubuntu to retrieve the latest (possibly unreleased) updates to the package. So we ubuntu users are possibly running possibly unreleased code to manage authentication. Isn't this like an ultra-serious issue ? You see, you can't run heavy software on crappy hardware and expect everything to go smoothly. Things you can do: 1. Install a debian chroot (gnuroot is your friend), start an x server and just run eclipse. You're going go to awful performance but hey, that's the hardware. 2. Run eclipse somewhere else and display the output on your tablet. It's going to work mostly okay until connection drops for whatever reason. Also, you need some good hardware somewhere, accessible somehow. And you're likely to have to pay something for it. I had a very positive performance with x2go but you're still under the assumption that network is fast and you have a very low round-trip-time. You just can't expect to have optimal performance on super cheap hardware with very little resources. How is this different from http://netsukuku.freaknet.org/ ? Thank You for clarifying! I did it briefly for 3-4 months in 2014, mostly out of necessty (stuff was happening and thank God I was working remotely at the time). My two cents: don't do it with a small-screen laptop: my ThinkPad X220 had served me good for me until then, but it has been a huge PITA to work at places with a 12.5 HD (1376x768) screen. I would happily do it again, but now I have a 15.6" FHD ThinkPad W530. If anyone is reading: I'd like to learn devops and I'm fairly well versed with Linux, bash scripting and stuff. If you'd like to get an apprentice/intern or something, drop me a line. most is literally the first package I install on every box on which I get or am given admin right. It works so well it is unsane not to use it. Thank God I saw that name while installing Slackware a long time ago, and since then it had been a pleasure to use. I a week ago I upgraded an oldstable debian installation to stable and now it hangs on shutdown and reboot due to systemd. Thanks Debian. OpenVPN, on a host you do control. Everything else is not trustworthy. Don't forget to choose which charity will benefit from your donation! I used to use mutt, but I switched to Thunderbird because I now have to track more than one mail account and like having a clear overview of all my accounts. I al perfectly aware of the fact that mutt can handle more than one mail account: I used to change settings with chdir hooks and stuff like, but honestly, it's quite an overkill. woah, 30 years-old inside jokes going on? I find quite annoying that many people go "oh geez, what is this crap, nah, it's not like this" when this is a huge part of what brought us all that the hackerdom is today (whatever it is anyway). The article is paywalled. One thing I'd like to see in Go, is the possibility to ask the compiler to not bother me for defined-but-not-used and/or imported when doing prototypes. You know, "I just changed this little thing and I want to see what happens". My two cents: this is all nice and fun if your purpose when using a computer is learning about computers, but you don't do any actual work. When you stop "messing" and need to do actual work, you are going to really appreciate a system with sane defaults (graphic environment working out of the box, drivers pre-installed, plug&play and audio stuff that just work) that can work predictably. Of course, no system is immune to stupidity: yes, even on Ubuntu you must be aware of what are you doing and what consequences it will have. For me, avoiding third-parties repository and going from LTS to LTS solves 95% of the problems, and in exchange I have a stable desktop machine that works all the day, everyday. I have been messing around with Slackware, FreeBSD, Gentoo and NetBSD in the past and I am now a happy Xubuntu (and ubuntu-server) user. It would be nice to hear more coffee-quitting stories like the one from proactivesvcs. Google+ shows "hot on google+ right now", and it's basically stuff that has gone very famous in south korea but makes no sense to me. And it comes from a guy (i think, because the name is written in hangul characters) that I am NOT following. I am writing some feedback hoping that some googler will read this and improve something.. * The search feature is just awful * The search features suggests a lot of rubbish even before i started searching * the whole interface is still slow * When I click on "communities" on the left panel, i get redirected to the community suggestion page, while I expected to see the communities of which i am part. Also, the suggestion are completely messed up. * when i click on "communities" and am brought to the suggestion page, clicking on the "member" link (that i guess, should show me the communities i am part of) does nothing at all. * it is in general very very hard to understand what post comes from where, and this makes it very hard to use google plus more than the usual "oh crap i opened it again, how do i close it?" * Opon a click to write a post, an overlay with a popup window is opened instear of just letting me write. The popup opening is slow as the other stuff. * did i mention the whole thing is slow ? Sharing a text post is awful: * The default option for sharing is "Public" (oh hell no) * Otherwise you can "add to a collection" (and wtf is a collection in google plus terms now?) * in order to select a community or a circle (circles should be the hot stuff of Google+, you have to make two more steps ("See more", scroll). Besides the fact that I already have 15-20 friends that are more than enough to do some testing, I am NOT going to tell anyone they can reach me on google plus until I understand how it works and am satisfied with it. Google is apparently working very hard to fail at both. it would be fun to know. I wonder if they perform any actual user testing, when they pick truly random users and ask their feeling about google plus. I think the org-mode syntax is way superior to markdown and should be more-widely supported. It comes back to my mind that I ran into a source code that was both valid Java and valid C++... Can't remember what was it though. I Hope this is better than the web version of Skype: it doesn't do the only thing it is supposed to do: phone calls. My guess is that now that anyone can be a DJ, true "art" is not dead, is just a lot more diluted. This is hardly news: if anyone has dug the org-mode website hard enough, they would have found this: https://www.jstatsoft.org/article/view/v046i03 Link is: "A Multi-Language Computing Environment for Literate Programming and Reproducible Research" and it is basically an overview of org-mode for literate programming and paper writing. I would like to spend some words saying how good is the tab-unloading thing. I have an extension that basically unloads a tab (I guess it freezes the state and serializes it to disk) and frees its ram. It works very well, so well I'd love to use it on my phone too. What has Waterfox so special? I skimmed it's homepage but it only says "we're fast!", doesn't explain how and why though. Imho the biggest "but why?" for me come when such people "experiment" but gather no data whatsoever other than "I feel okay/good/bad/ ". And this can easily get wishful-thinking directed. Hopefully we'll now have good Linux support for Samsung printers. Last time I bought a printer I went straight to hp ones and ignored all the others (Canon printers above all), and recommend HP printers to all who ask me. Hplip is awesome and often don't get all the praises it deserves. Given the occasion, and given that vim is charity-ware software ( http://charityware.info/ ), it would be cool to have some sort of HN-wide donation to ICCF ( http://iccf-holland.org/ ). Donation page: http://iccf-holland.org/donate.html It seems that you can send bitcoins too: http://iccf-holland.org/bitcoin.html Imho just mentioning HN in the payment description would be okay :) I am happy that at least one person got what I was meaning :) The website graphics reminds me of Kihi Hosting, which also was from Canada. Is this company a descendant of Kihi Hosting? I used to like Kihi hosting. Yes, as long as I am okay with how such social network treats its user and its data. I am still quite saddened hat Snake, the cryptographic social network, didn't get the appropriate funding when proposed on indiegogo. https://snake.li/ Well, of course? I've had my phone for a bit more than two years now, and I can tell that once I installed all the apps I routinely use, why should I routinely install new stuff? I sometimes try new stuff, but quite frankly once my phone does what I want it to do, I don't really care that much about new and trendy stuff anymore. I still think KDE 3.5 was awesome and we really didn't need KDE 4. God how I miss konqueror from kde3. Dolphin is... Utter crap. KDE3 had this crazy thing, Kioslaves. You open a remote host via SSH using konqueror, open a remote file as if it was locally available, and KDE would somehow juggle sync-on-save. It was super awesome when editing files on remote ftp servers (you know, phone and stuff). I feel this is... Well, mostly bullshitt. First, "changed my brain" is a big, big statement and nowhere in the article is being pointed any MRI scan or something. Going further: I have experienced something similar (the only sugar I take in during the day is that single pack I put in the one daily coffee I take after lunch) yet I did not feel all this troubles. My opinion is that I did not experience all this problems because I was not looking for it. I am quite sure that if you want to buy and so stuff with currencies other than the one you usually use, you are going to pay some conversion fees. Sometimes I think we should all take the Apple approach to this kind of things and deprecate old stuff and/or make new stuff mandatory. We could just force DNS extensions to be implemented in most/all client/server implementations. DNS over HTTPS might be okay and work well, but imho is a (smart?) workaround, not a fix. Why can't we all set a time window (7.5 years? 10 years? 15 years?) to plan massive RFC/protocols updates with possibly-breaking changes? Edit:fix grammar (not native speaker of English) I think that Joyent does not get the coverage it deserves. SmartOS looks very very cool. Location: Milan, Italy Remote: YES PLEASE Willing to relocate: Not right now Technologies: Ubuntu/Debian, Bash, Go, Docker, other Résumé/CV: available upon request (feel free to ask!) Email: znpy@yandex.com Hello there! I am a twenty-something GNU/Linux geek. I am looking for an entry-level devops / infrastructure automation position. My ideal position is "Junior Cloud Engineer". At the moment, these are my core competences related to this field: 1. General Linux administration (Mostly ubuntu/debian: repositories, package, apt-pinning, cron-jobs etc) 2. Shell scripting (shell scripts, cron jobs, etc) 3. Python/Perl scripting (basic-medium) 4. Iptables/OpenVPN (basic firewalling and/or natting) 5. Familiar with Apache2/LigHTTPd (very willing to learn nginx) 6. Docker (basic application dockerization, programmatically spawn/stop/delete containers, very willing to learn other stuff) 7. Mailserver setup/troubleshooting (Postfix/Dovecot, Sieve, SPF, antispam, greylisting etc) 8. Can use GNU Emacs, Vim, nano. Don't have strong preferences. 9. Experience developing for/deploying to Heroku and Dokku 10. Experience in setting up a basic Jenkins instance. 11. Other stuff (Golang, Java, python/flask, C language and some other stuff) My ideal position would be "Junior Cloud Engineer". I would like to specialize in Amazon AWS or Google Cloud Platform and learn how to deploy and scale services on such platforms. I once used the IpCop Linux dostro and was utterly amazed by how well it worked. > healthy, bellow 26, no debt, family values That is me. But I also have pretty much no money to fund the "family values" :P I know I'll be dowvoted to oblivion but I'll say it anyway... You advocate for privacy, You advocate for openness, You advocate for transparency, You advocate for interoperability, You advocate for host-it-yourself, You advocate for customisability, You advocate for scriptability ... But then all of a sudden "oh no IRC, not enough colours, geez, running a bouncer, who wants to do it?" ------- I'd design irc-v3 to be bouncer-friendly, and maybe to integrate some bouncer-y features into IRC servers as well (most IRC servers keep logs anyway) I still prefer the Hermit font. I coordinated a group buy of 40 Chip computers and they are all delivered on time in June 2016. We all had to wait. We bought them in November 2015, but we (like many others) were told from the start that shipping would have begun from June 2016, in order of purchase time. Could you post some links about BBSes? I read some of the convox docs a while ago, and the idea I got is that it is an alternative, open heroku implementation which is nice but you're still locked to Amazon AWS (and its prices) But with separate / and /home you/he/she could reinstall the OS without having to touch the user directories. I am reading so many different opinions here. I wonder what would you all reply to an "Ask HN" thread like "I am working day and night and sending emails even outside business hours, but my colleagues do not reply unless it's business hours and that is really bugging me". Btw, did you all consider that maybe that guy just needs or wants really hard that promotion or that salary level-up and is "just" working as hard as he can towards such goal? He/she/They might have duties you do not have (kids, family members, health expenses or other stuff). @OP: I'd say, as long as you feel honest about your output and feel you're working fairly hard for your company you are okay. You might just want to take a break and think if there is any way to improve/optimise your output. Woah that was totally unexpected This reminds me of that short time I've been working with scala... I honestly think Scala is Perl on the JVM. I mean, the write-only unreadable-code part of Perl, but on the JVM. I was waiting for someone to point this out. Have my upvote. > Finns have very little in common with Italians Yup. Consider that in the last world war italians and finns didn't even fight on the same side until a certain point in time. Europe is a melting pot of cultures and to be quite honest I like it that way. What I am about to say is no solution, but: I can't quite understand why don't people don't begin by trying and make a basic YouTube video about this subject. Don't want the tradition to fade? Spread it as much as possible. Most jobs are and always will be a chore. But it isn't "cool" to admit it, in job postings as well as in job applications. In my experience "professionality" is also doing your job (and doing it well) also and especially when it's a chore. That must be a hell of a piece of software then!! Same for me. I always mirror my code to gitlab.com and always push to both services. But today I wanted to get the sources for a software I want to patch for Hacktoberfest but it only resides on github... Sigh. github.com is being served to me, but without a css (wow, github is now a motherfu ing website!) So i can't reach the cdn... znpy@durendall:~$ dig @8.8.4.4 assets-cdn.github.com ; > DiG 9.10.3-P4-Ubuntu > @8.8.4.4 assets-cdn.github.com ; (1 server found) ;; global options: +cmd ;; Got answer: ;; ->>HEADER So no A record... I guess. Two things are worse than ghosting: 1. A company ghosts and the comes back months after (when you already took another offer) and says: "wassup, you still down for that thing?" 2. A company ghosts and comes back a month and a half later saying "oh btw we hired a guy". Yeah thanks I figured it out. You know... Who has the money? Who has Upwork to please? The client. So what is your role in Upwork? Let me tell you what I have realised... Do you pay to use Upwork? Not directly (you're not the one fueling the whole thing). Are you paid to use Upwork? No, because the money you get is a counterpart for the work you perform. So... What is the your role in Upwork? Well, you're the product being sold. In any case you will always lose. You are not putting money into Upwork, but the client is. And the customer is always right. Plus, they have recently raised their cut, like a lot. > 16GB max You can have 16 GB ram on a 2011 ThinkPad X220. Just saying. What is going to happen imho: Apple is doing and will do a shitload of money anyway. People will buy Apple stuff anyway because people already are: unless you are an Apple user, you should know how "religious" (I'm being kind here) Apple users are. They have been consciously been buying outdated and overpriced hardware until now, and they have been super proud about this too. So this is going to last anything from five to ten years at least, still imho. I have no true idea whether newer apple stuff is so bad or not (besides the idiotic drop of the audio jack on the iPhone). But Apple users have been subject to this Apple-isy for literally decades. I have a suspicion that now that Apple Macbook Pros are so widespread, complaining about Apple is the new hipsteria. This is what I feel, reading the news, on a foggy October, almost-November morning. What is going to happen imho: Apple is doing and will do a shitload of money anyway. People will buy Apple stuff anyway because people already are: unless you are an Apple user, you should know how "religious" (I'm being kind here) Apple users are. They have been consciously been buying outdated and overpriced hardware until now, and they have been super proud about this too. Also, unless Apple software actively gets in the way of users doing their stuff it is all going to be "okay". So this is going to last anything from five to ten years at least, still imho. I have no true idea whether newer apple stuff is so bad or not (besides the idiotic drop of the audio jack on the iPhone). But Apple users have been subject to this Apple-isy for literally decades. I have a suspicion that now that Apple Macbook Pros are so widespread, complaining about Apple is the new hipsteria. This is what I feel, reading the news, on a foggy October, almost-November morning. > The underlying problem that the parent post was trying to point out is that the programs we run today largely do pretty much the same things that they did 10 years ago, but for some reason they require vastly more powerful hardware, with questionable gains. Oh God, not this story again. I'll tell you what I told my uncle complaining his 200Mhz Pentium MMX with 64MB of ram, running Windows 2000 was slow when going on Facebook. Yes, we do (pretty much) the same things we used to do ten years ago (this is a lie, actually). What has changed is the volume of data that we generate, send, receive and have to store and process. The first digital camera I got for Christmas maybe 14 years ago took some nice photos. At high resolution, a photo would take 80 to 100 kb of storage. No metadata. And you could have up to 20 photo in high resolution. It was a kind of a "toy" camera, but still.. Nowadays kids with digital cameras can take photos that take 7-9 megabytes per photo. Your mail client does not send your username and password as cleartext anymore. Everything is encrypted. Your www browser does not send your forms (and your passwords too) as cleartext anymore. Everything is encrypted. Ten years there were no videos on facebook, no realtime chat, no realtime video streaming. There was no Dropbox, and most webmails used to allow up to 100MB of storage. Data grows, and this is why the industry puts out faster computers every year. And this is why computers become "old" and "slow". Get over it. ============================ Now, we could ask ourselves, why do many websites have to be so fat? I would really love to see websites supporting an "ultralight" version. Just like HN: the source is all tables, td and tr but... It renders well on mobile and works awesomely fast on a ten years old laptop (and I tried). I am not saying nor implying that bigger is better. Come on, people! I am clearly stating that pretty much everything is bigger today, and old PCs hsve become slow because they weren't designed to handle such s volume of data. My post was only an explanation. I am excited by the possibility to host your own Nitrous instance. I don't know about their backend stack, but imho this is the kind of project that could/should go under the umbrella of the Apache Foundation. It could be a serious competitor to web-base version of Eclipse. Just "bought" one from the indiegogo campaign. Does anyone know when will they be shipping? No hurry, just want to know when to shedule in my agenda to check whether it's shipping or not. Woah, that is truly big. I remember that stuff like this used to quickly be redirected to /dev/null like five years ago. Great news then! Something has changed then :) From my experience working in a small team (3 devs + 1 designer). Here are some tips: 1- every dev works on a topic branch 2- always rebase before committing 3- have a jenkins running somewhere\ 4- everything that gets merged into master gets automatically built and tested 5- everything that gets merged into -RELEASE gets automatically built, tested, packaged and deployed 6- Use issues from gitlab/github 7- Did I mention to always rebase before committing? This isn't much and isn't exaustive, but it's a start. Why was hp hardware a requirement? What was so special about hp hardware? Since we're talking about old chat systems, I would like to add that I miss MSN Messenger a lot, and would really like to see it coming back. I'll make a possibly controversial statement, but... The fact that someone uses a laptop to make money do not qualify such laptop as a "pro" laptop. Accountants can happily use a random sub-500$ laptop and make money. If your job is to poke people with a stick, is your stick a pro stick? Pro is more likely to be defined as something particular/peculiar that you do not find on other usual/consumer/widespread brands and accomodates very particular use-cases. Let me exemplify: - you are a professional video editor. you do not only enjoy, you need fast storage, a lot of fast storage. - you do CAD. you do need a fast video card and cpus. - you are a researcher who needs computing power. not enough power to justify a fancy coud solution or stuff like that, but enough that a regular core i5 is not enough. If your very rare use-case can be met by a laptop, then said laptop is a pro-level laptop. Otherwise, without any more fuss, it's not. Sidenote: according to what i have said until now, ThinkPads have always been and currently are pro-level laptops (xeon cpus, multiple hard disks, removable bays, ports, docking stations, nvidia quadro cards, hi-res displays, intergated colorimeters, fingerprint readers, you name it). Stop complaining and wasting your money, join the pro side. > ThinkPads have always been and currently are pro-level laptops Except for the offset trackpad and keyboard to support the 10-key numpad. It's not just ugly, it's not comfortable or usable. I know I'm not alone on this. I agree. > FWIW, Dell, HP and other vendors use the term "workstation" to cover what you're talking about. Yes, indeed. And as with many other things, Apple being Apple, decided to name their workstation differently. There has been quite a controversy about rubyspec afaik: the tldr is that the de-facto ruby spec is basically 'whatever piece of software capable of running rails'. This is because the ruby devs change stuff around very often and don't keep an official spec of the language, to the extent that the creator of rubyspec had given up. This might have changed in the meantime, dunno. https://github.com/rubinius/rubinius-archive/blob/cf54187d42... > We are not welcome, and never will be. It's quite silly that the the author of this post thinks non-free support was a top priority for the free software foundation. If you need temporary linux servers, check out linuxacademy.com. I have a paid account and besides accessing the content, i can spin up to six virtual machine to test stuff, at no extra cost besides the montly fee. On one hand, I must admit that I didn't consider all this. But quite franky, this post only makes me excited about USB-C and usb-c enabled monitors. I wonder how much power can a laptop draw from a monitor though.. I currently have a ThinkPad W530 with a 170W power adapter which literally is a brick (in both shape and weight). I wonder if a monitor could power a such-power-hungry beast). Ubuntu/Xubuntu What about power consumption ? this post is pretty much garbage I wonder if their Smartisan OS is OpenBSD-based The biggest problem in spreading lisp nowadays is the fragmentation of the documentation. "Lisp" means so little when you're writing real code. Each implementation has its own quirks and even venerable books fall when confronted with real world code at learning. For example: I was reading the SICP and using racket that looks like an interesting runtime nowadays. Turns out that a while a go the dev team made cons immutable and that's okay I guess but it broke (at least for me) the experience of reading SICP because I now have to pause and learn this quirk of this specific lisp implementation. And don't even get me started on common lisp. There are at least 5 or 6 major common lisp runtimes, each of them incompatible somehow (try and read some of the StumpWM "makefiles" and you'll have a taste of what I'm talking about). Also, common things (threads, for example) are still not provided in a uniform way across all of the implementations, and are often more or less quick hacks. Scheme? Cool! Srfi! What part of scheme does your scheme actually implements? Would you use a C compiler without structures? And write code so that it can be compiled with another C compiler that has structures but doesn't have foot loops (only while loops are provided). Lisps are awesome languages, but for me, no wonder they remain niche languages. And before you downvote, please keep in mind that I am now booing Lisp, I would just love it to be more "sane" minded and less schizophrenic as a language/runtime, and more real-world-usable. Follow the first link in the github description of Bordeaux-threads and you reach a 404 error. I guess this pretty much sums up the state of many common lisp libraries. Also, if it is so portable and so useful, why hasn't it made part of the language and of the various implementations? Why there are no updates to the standard? Speaking of surprisingly unappreciated unix tools, I recently started reading the documentation of the gnu info package, and I must say, that is really impressive. if you didn't already, I highly recommend you type 'info info' in your terminal and spend half an hour learning how to use it. Plus, if you are an emacs user, the emacs manual is bundled with emacs in info format, and you can obviously read info documents in emacs too. Reading the gnu emacs manual inside emacs is a game-changer. It uses gcc behind. I had a chance to read part of the sources and prepare a patched version with a set of toolchains (m68k, amd64, mips). It's nicely written, it's easy to add toolchains as well as to set default compilation options. > I have always been a firm believer of the open source movement and I stopped using Micro$oft a.k.a. M$ products twenty years ago. I never agreed with the monopolistic view that this company pursued for years without really benefiting the customer at the end. Today my opinion about Microsoft a.k.a. MS has changed. If I had to judge the author basing on the post, i'd say it was one of those people willing to say "Micro$oft" just for the sake of it, in order to say "look at me, i'm different, i am a special snowflake that uses gnu/linux". Well, Microsoft is playing a lot nicer towards open-source nowadays, mostly because it wants a large fraction to come from services and not from products anymore. But keep in mind that Windows is still closed and proprietary and the same applies for Office and many more software products. In particular, look at the "Terms of Service" page: ( https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/cc300389 ) Manner of use. You may not: 1. reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or work around technical limitations in the Services, except to the extent that applicable law permits it despite these limitations;disable, tamper with or otherwise attempt to circumvent any mechanism that limits your use of the Services; 2. rent, lease, lend, resell, transfer, or sublicense any Services or portion thereof to or for third parties, except as explicitly permitted herein or in license terms that accompany any Services component; 3. use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement; or use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Microsoft service, or the network(s) connected to any Microsoft service, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of any Services. I mean, come on, reverse engineer, work around technical limitations, that is literally the base of free software and open source. It's nice to say "I Just that rather than manually configure it, it will be automatically That's the point. It'already automatic. I haven't even mistakenly opened xorg.conf in at least five years. And quite franky, I see no need for another thing like Wayland to add entropy to the GNU/Linux desktop. > by combo of systemd, polkit and your DE of "choice" eh... I would like to learn enough Racket to start coding some real-world applications. I am finding the Racket documentation a bit problematic: it's either "learn this super-specific things with no prior introduction" (example: the "continue" guide) or "learn everything from the very ground up" (example: the racket guide or how to design programs). Any suggestions would be appreciated. Read the first two words of the page. Thought "fuck you". Closed the page. Try and make something actually useful. This. Xubuntu is my daily driver. Fast and light, rock solid, many packages available, a lot of tutorials and documents on the 'net, and ltd is guaranteed to receive updates for three years on desktop and five years on servers (well, on server is Ubuntu). Just works and doesn't get in the way. If I need something else, qemu-kvm is awesome or docker. Oh god... Let's hope they don't spoil it. I just made a paid subscription... I've been using stumpwm for quite a while, and in my opinion, the best possible setup is stumpwm as a repalcement for the xfce4 window manager (xfwm4). This way you get a nice winwdowing environment but still have tiling wm. I wish the RPi could net-boot without an SD card inside... Serious Dumb Question: if I've got a cellular modem in my laptop, why can't I put my sim into it and use some software to make and receive calls ? Are you happy? http://musho.tk/l/e4cc8e21 Changing context works awesomely for many people, and that is my advice for you. Change field. Change friends. Change (girl|boy)friend. Change state or nation. I mean, change something. Maybe you'll want to come back after a while. Maybe not. But if you don't like what you're doing right now, why keeping on doing it? Take advantage of the fact that you're just 23 right now and probably have very little duties (i mean, no children to provide for, or house loans, or wife/husband). The whole thing looks quite a superficial overview to me. So many statements are debatable... I've been using Microsoft stuff (basically many components from the 365 suite, including outlook) for the last three months, including Outlook. I must say, I am definitely impressed. I haven't rebooted my work laptop in nearly three months and it's been working tirelessly since then. You might not like outlook, but it hasn't let me down. I am impressed by what Microsoft is achieving. If Microsoft gets pricing right and offers free tier and bot/api, slack is going to have a relly hard time... I've been doing this for years using both Firefox' and Thunderbird's multiple-profile features. Just run "firefox --no-remote -ProfileManager" and here you go. So the serious question is: how is this any different from using multiple profile? Multiple profile also have the pro/con that they are actual different processes, so there's no information leak between profiles whatsoever (well, unless some serious hacking happens). Edit: being different processes with different profiles, they also have different configuration folders, different cookie sets, different password storage locations etc... see my reply about multiple profiles > And now we can have profiles and container tabs in those profiles Yo Dawg! We heard you like profiles, so we put profiles in your profiles so you can use profiles while you use profiles! Is it really this difficult to create a custom launcher? The title is definitely misleading. This is basically a repost, the same text but on Medium passed a couple of weeks ago. Also, the fact that it works for the author doesn't mean it doesn't work for everybody else. > On the whole spectrum of quality of published (paper) books Well, not until someone proposes a 10-11" e-reader that doesn't cost half my salary. The biggest disappointment with my e-reader is that reading PDFs is awful on that ridiculous display. We might have nice, readable fonts and pictures, with zoom too, and instead... I wonder in what partition would the author fall if the gender he's after applied similar reasoning. Also: the world is big and "there is plenty of fish in the sea": usually, if you don't get to have a SO, chances are that there is something wrong with yourself too. But whatever... Trello recently implemented power-ups, that basically foil most of the advantages of Zenkit. My personal rant: I wish Trello would take better care of its api. The REST endpoints all work great, but examples are very, very basic and languages other than javascript are basically ignored. A million requests per second with Python. Spoiler: technically, it's not "with Python". My complaint against openoffice/libreoffice is about their programming/scripting interface: it is a total mess to deal with. A couple of weeks ago I had the task to dynamically update the value of two cells in a calc spreadsheet. I did it, but ended up using a library that build on a library that builds on ... that build on UNO or whatever it's called. The api is a mix of C++ and Java, documentation is pretty much non-existing and code examples are incomplete and ridiculous. If I had been using excel I could have been using the win32 com api and get it done in a couple of hours at most. But don't get me wrong: when doing non-programming stuff it works great! I 120% agree. I once lost my emacs dotfile and suddenly i was almost unable to use Emacs on my own pc. Since then, i've decided to apply as little customisation as possible to software I use, and read the documentation and learn the standard configuration instead. For some reasons nowadays it's trendy to add colors, bells and whistles to things but I've found out that learning the standard/default configuration lets me be instantly capable of intervention on whatever machine i put my hands on. Worst case scenario, i can tell programs to ignore configuration files. This is GOLD. I'm looking forward to use it when i have unused imports, that thing has been annoying me since day zero woth go. Sometimes i just want to try/test stuff, it's fine if there are unused imports (or variables declared and not used) I just fell in love with Django and I am following the tutorial someone posted yesterday here on HN :) This article is total crap. It's super long and at half it's length it hasn't yet told me how this flipping tomb has upended what we thought we knew about western civilisation. Jo Marchant is an awful writer and should probably be doing something else for a living. Quick note: if you want a full-hardware "computer" (screen, keys, cup and I/O stuff) consider buying an old Texas Instruments calculator: models up to Ti86 have a Zilog Z80-similar (ISA-compatible) inside, the TI89 and later have a Motorola 68000 cpu inside. The Ti86/Ti89 are programmable in both Assembly and BASIC (interpreter on-rom). If you are willing to buy the data cable and fiddle with SDCC (Small-devices C compiler, a "mod" of gcc) you might program them in C as well. Links: * Ti86: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TI-86 * Ti89: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TI-89_series * SDCC: http://sdcc.sourceforge.net/ You can program it without any hardware. There is an intepreter and an "ide" on-board, look for the PRGM key. Also, I saw there is an "ASM" command, but I didn't check if it can assemble stuff or anything. In my own restricted view (I didn't play with may scheme implementations) Racket has some serious non-strictly-technical winning point that make it feasible for non-toy applications: * Well-written, comprehensive language and package documentation * Tooling * Included libraries (example: I didn't expect racket to have libraries for imap... but it's there, in the standard package) A nice development would be same-process parallelism. Afaik, at the moment you can have concurrent "threads" within the same process, but you need to spawn multiple racket vm processes to get parallelism (this is done "under the hood" by the racket vm, they call this things "Places"). > Just curious... If they had no prior programming experience, why was go 'different'? Different compared to what? Probably compared to what they were shown in university/bootcamp/whatever. 'no programming experience' could esily mean 'no professional programming experience' which is very close to 'no programming experience'. I am enrolled in a computer engineering course, and I can tell you the amount of code we get to write is ridiculously low. IBM was founded in 1911 so it's more than 100 years old. In computer science such a time span is basically "forever". Of course 1911 IBM has nothing to do with today's IBM or 1950 IBM. IBM used to sell typewriters. 90% the salay, five days a week, six hours a day. Thinkpad X220. ThinkPad T460p Windows has improved a recently, and many of those might actually like it. I guess no one cares at Apple: if the hugest slice of revenue comes from phones and tablets... I know it might be a niche, but I would love to see 16-core cpu for "hardcore" home servers. > I really do hope, Home Server, NAS catches up as a trend instead of us relying everything on the "Cloud". Exactly... If I am spending my hard-earned money on a NAS, it is exactly because i need stuff to be in my lan and/or don't want to use the cloud. > btrfs is a non-starter. i stopped reading there. Pottering is one of those "works for me" guys. I have mixed feelings about posts like this. On one hand I am excited by all these amazing things GNU/Linux will be able to do. On the other hand, I often miss those simpler times in which you could install Slackware, boot it and now pretty much exactly what was running, where, how and why. I'm not telling I want to go back though... Nowadays I can buy a not-so-old laptop, burn an Xubuntu usb stick and pretty much assume everything is going to work. I guess we will have to accept a tradeoff like this. Grails used to be awesome for this kind of stuff. You could define model-classes and it was able to auto generate working, good-enough database tables (using hibernate) views and controllers. All pretty mich easily customizable. Think of rails, but on the jvm, with performance. Sadly, it's a pretty dead project. Grails used to be awesome for this kind of stuff. You could define model-classes abd it wad able to auto generate working, good-enough database tables (using hibernate) views and controllers. All pretty mich easily customizable. Think of rails, but on the jvm, with performance. Sadly, it's a pretty dead project. commenting for future reference. I wonder what the impacts of (re|)minification is on actual network performance. For example: consider a minified file x. X is likely getting gzipped when served. Is the reminified version smaller than the original? Same size? Bigger? You might expect the obvious answer, but did anyone do the actual measurements? There was once this thing called anti-theft or computrace... I remember having a sticker on my Vaio about that. What was it? Was it any useful? https://www.gnu.org/software/gtypist/ This is, in my opinion, an awesome delusion. The reason can be condensed in what pnathan already said in his comment: "too much designer, not enough carpenter". This is nothing new, this project is at least 3-4 years old and I clearly remember donating a small amount to "the cause". Yet the number of full designs are pretty much the same as when I donated. What this project is lacking, imho, is a full-blown project, as in "from plywood to finished/furnished/habitable house". Having partially-accessible content is still better than having no content at all. Info is an awesome format but sadly is very well underappreciated. Long story short: the BSD license. BSD systems have always suffered a lack of device drivers. But if you are a huge enough company, you can do two things: 1. Choose already-supported hardware to develop on 2. Customize the OS to fit your needs Using a BSD-licensed system feature no. 2 becomes particularly nice, as you don't have to share your changes back and you can keep your work for yourself (for both IP and security-through-obscurity). Oh my god... n-gate is pure gold! what is 'pro' about that? On a ThinkPad I could, depending on the model: - have multiple disks in my laptop - have multiple batteries - hostwap cdrom drives with a hard drive or a battery - hostwap batteries - have 4 ram sticks (W series) - install coreboot/libreboot - have nvidia quadro card - have multi-core xeon processor - have on site, next business day support (parts and labour) - have fingerprint reader - have hdaps - have trackpoint+ultranav - have on-board prng So... What can this thing do, instead ?? Some notes based on my (brief) experience toying with Common Lisp: * Why hasn't anyone made a more eye-frendly version of the Common Lisp Hyper Spec ? Having good, easily-browsable documentation is a core-problem. * The relation between the various native data-types were quite unclear to me. * dealing with the external world was quite a mess. Many project/libraries implementing only half of something and then got abandoned. * some libraries had a compatibility matrix... with common lisp implementations. that seemed weird to me. > http://sellout.github.io/media/CL-type-hierarchy.png Indeed. Take for example base-char, which is a type. base-char derives (derives? the straight solid black line is not represented in the legend) from character, which is a built-in class (according to legend). So is character a class too? does base-char encapsulate a character or something like it? Before anyone comment, please keep in mind that this comment doesn't want to start a flame or be critical in any way. trigger warning: mean comment ahead. Nobody cares about your special-snowflake needs. Python 2 should already be dead and we really need to have major GNU/Linux distribution start dropping it as default. You can always set it up post-installation. This. Please, don't ask people to reboot the computer unless it's strictly needed. GNU/Linux is not Windows 95. A friend of mine does something similar. Long story short, he uses a foldable bluetooth keyboard and his phone cover as a stand (that folds too). Not much really, once you a mean to get an ssh terminal you're ready to go. But quite frankly, I find it quite a waste of money and time. Such setup is practically unusable for anything useful. In order to have a shell on the go I just got an used ThinkPad X200s and a compatible battery, all for less than 75€. Question: advantages of tmux over gnu screen ? already posted two years ago... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9064180 Is this an official package? asking the real questions Quick note: what this article doesn't explicitly says is that as long as you have a shell account somewhere with a decent amount of disk space, you can host or mirror all the repository you want. If I may make a suggestion, I'd recommend the Super Dimensional Fortress Public Access UNIX System ( https://sdf.org/ ). They're NetBSD-based if I remember correctly, and for a low fee (36$/lifetime ARPA membership + 9$/quarter) you can host most of the things you would like to host. And you don't have to do system maintenance. I signed up in 2008 when I wasn't even old enough to legally drink alcohol. I remember I literally mailed them a 5€ bill and got my account validated. Tomorrow I'll be updating my subscription to an ARPA membership (36$/lifetime). Did you try and ask for a password reset ? It seems that the SDF website is suffering from the HN hug of death and the webservers aren't liking it that much. Dead link? Expired link ? If you don't do platform-dependent development (low-level[* ] c/c++ or assembly development) then you're going to see pretty much no difference. The main difference is that you get a 8-cores machine with 200GB ssd and 8 gb ram for the price of a 1 core, 1GB ram, 30GB ssd on digitalocean and similar. Scaleway is still developing some extra features [* * ], for most hobbyist to medium scale usage, i think it's going to be just fine (plus, the monetary savings). It is to be said that each of those 8 cores are likely to be individually slower than an usual x86 core, but you get 8 instead of 1 and they're fully yours: you don't have to share cpu time with other users, as it happens on pretty much all vps providers: you're renting a whole machine. [* ] = applications written in C/C++ will work flawlessly, as long as they don't exploit x86-specific features. If you're doing web stuff, you're unlikely to hit this spot. [* * ] = see C14, an S3-like storage service. Totally off-topic, but i think it should be noted: IMHO, the BSD should make a priority to have one of the typical Linux filesystems implemented and supported (I am thinking of ext4, for example). It would really help Linux users wanting to give *bsd a try install on their computer and just mount their /home. Last time i tried doing so with a bsd system (it was NetBSD or FreeBSD, or maybe both, i can't remember) i found my filesystem messed up when i booted back into Linux. > IMAP's main downside is that you have to trust your email provider to not lose your email. While certainly unlikely, it's not impossible. With OfflineIMAP, you can download your Mailboxes and make you own backups of your Maildir. A professional mail host ('professional' as in 'someone that somehows makes money by hosting email') is way more unlikely to lose data than most of us are. Making backup is great by the way, but for such task I'd strongly recommend the good old fetchmail or the newer (and better) fdm ( https://github.com/ft/fdm ). Both support imap(s). Both can save to either mailbox or maildir. If you need a local copy, go for fdm and a local copy of your mailbox, plain and simple. question: how is mu/mu4e at handling multiple email accounts? I registered when I was 15. I guess I should make sure to use paypal as little as possible from now on. I used it a couple of months ago and it worked perfectly. Not all dead projects are actually dead. Some are just "completed". > Developing and managing your own system, like the OP did, takes a lot of time and energy - all of that, when calculated, costs a lot more :) > costs a lot more > costs a lot more > costs a lot more The point was super clear, and yet you managed to miss it. @jitbit clearly stated that he and his colleagues evaluated several possibilities, and the decided to set up their own system. It's literally short-term decision: it's a make-or-buy problem. The make options surely takes some time, but it is a one-time expense with pretty much low maintenance and super-low operating-cost ($4/month). It also requires some study but hey, that's know-how that is going to stay in the company. The buy options is a lot more costly, but gives the gift of ignorance: you are not required to know or do anything. And if you are wondering what the costs are: setting up a basic mail server for a domain takes as little as a couple of hours. A little-more complicated might take a day, and a complex setup not more than a week, for a skilled person. Considering other options, it might just be cost-effective to hire a consultant to set it up. Source: i've been running my mailserver for years, and I've done consulting in setting up and troubleshooting mail servers. I find it to have a very nice design. Also, I think it's really time to drop custom laptop chargers the same way we all did for phone chargers, and switch to USB-C for power supplying. i am still wondering how comes that nobody came up with a phone application for linux computers. I have a 3G modem in my ThinkPad X220 and i am fairly sure it is technically capable of doing and receiving phone calls. I'd go the opposite direction: commit as often as you can. Ideally after each micro-iteration, when something new is working. This way, at the end of the day you can just rebase the whole branch and squash all of the micro-commits in a whole commit implementing the whole new features. It's nothing fancy, just rebasing (which is very very easy in git). Considering how much I use the web-browser, how desperate for market share and money Opera is, and the fact that opera whatever it's called now is closed source, i would never even install it. Please don't mark people you don't agree with as racist. Racism is hate due to (tl;dr) skin colour and/or ethnicity. The comment you don't agree with quoted nationality (a totally different subject). «we like art, but only art painted with oil colours on canvas» I am on mobile, i mistakenly touched an ad and was redirected to a spammy porn website. Somehow i couldn't go back. Then they wonder why we use ad-blockers. http://duplicity.nongnu.org/ Signed up, wandered around, here are my impression. * Nothing fancy, nothing new, nothing impressive. I wouldn't spend time on this site. * The graphical design wasters most of my screen estate. * The side panel overlaps with the content when the window is not in full-screen. * If you register without an email, it is impossible to add one. * Did I mention that 60% of my screen estate is wasted ? * Reddit is open source, this is not. I am honestly disappointed this is not a thing yet. Years ago Canonical demoed Ubuntu for Android ( http://musho.tk/l/666778c3 ) which was freaking cool. Most phones nowadays have means to connect to displays and keyboard/mices. We have cores, speed and ram. WHY ISN'T THIS A THING YET? I have seen banks hand out expensive ThinkPads to people to basically use Internet Explorer and Outlook, plus company phones and stuff. My speculation is that whomever gets this thing right first is going to make a metric fu ton of money. So Youtube is announcing "super chats"... Basically if you pay, your message to a live stream is highlighted so that the streamer can notice it. Basically is the camgirl business model, fifteen years later. Nothing bad, just...lol. I basically never used twitch, not my thing. But still, I guess they also "copied" this feature :) An interesting read, thanks a lot! I still can't understand why no one has create a "cheap" heroku. Imho, given their pricing, there is a lot of room for competitors. Nice discussion on reddit: http://musho.tk/l/c375f01a 12/10 would install on my aging Nexus 5. One thing though: it doesn't​ state if it's possible to make/receive calls/sms using a phone. You know, I'd appreciate my phone to be able to do such things. Easy68k. I have hated that program with passion during the computer architecture course. Didn't know how and why, but various conditional jumps used to plain fail. Conditions were met, but the jmp/je/jne/jz would not be executed. That being said... The m68k... I was saddened to discover thst coldfire mcus had been discontinued, it would have been nice to play with an m68k-based board. Thanks. I still think tgis project has a huge potential. Thanks for the nightmares. Competition is supposed to bring prices down, yet Intel released i9 processor for an insane prize (nearly 2000$). If AMD manages to ship similar performance (not necessarily higher) at a lower price... Sooner or later Intel will have to slash its prices. Looking forward to such times. Hi, I just signed up. They verified my account billing me 1€... Fine. Now they want me to pre-pay 10€ (12.20€ vat included) before even trying the service. All I want is to give it a try, and then host some personal backup (not that many gigabytes). Is there a way to avoid pre-paying, since they already verified my credit card ? 65327F379B46603EB49B8F2D3B399F909E828E08 Actually, there once was something somewhat similar to what you're describing: netsukuku - http://netsukuku.freaknet.org I sleep. I hope you've got a good story about that. Very interesting, thanks you a lot! A lot of fuss, but if you look at the presentation slide in the middle of the page ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-PyyPpTv1p7g/WU7hMEBnm4I/AAAAAAAAE... for reference) it is clear that MIT is not stifling anything or shutting anyone's mouth. MIT is just moving to IPv6. Actually... MIT forcing an entire generation of future engineers to deal with IPv6... That will literally push innovation. Can't wait to see this thread commented on n-gate. Yes, basically. The article doesn't say much, besides replaying many common thoughts. Actually, as an article, it's pretty much useless. U have been reading "The AWK programming language" and actually kinda fell in love with awk. Awk does many simple things, it's fairly nice to combine such simple things, and it's generally a nice and handy tool to know. Hi, don't mean to interrupt anyone, just wanted to ask: why hasn't anyone made the common lisp hyperspec a prettier, more navigable and tooling friendly yet? If anyone is wondering, Usenet is still alive. Did i get it right, does this CPU use the x86-64 ISA ? (see page 8, Table 2: Configuration of the 256-core system) "Tools, not policies". I must say, this page reminds me of how lightyears ahead Perl was/is in terms of tooling. For example: are you coding a package? Before even starting brainstorming, just boostrap your package with ExtUtils::MakeMaker. Long story short, that package will boostrap a mostly blank (but customizable via various command-line switches) Perl package with most things you will need for development and distribution: a directory structure, a Makefile (for building and installing), some pre-set comments, mostly blank test files etc etc. This is something that, for example, the Go programming language team has rightfully picked up in terms of directory structure conventions and tooling (gofmt). Can't get the document to load. The webserver is probably down due to HN's hug of death. Anyone has a copy mirrored somewhere ? m4? :P Thanks for posting this. This is probably the most informative comment of the whole thread. Also... I have dug the emacs sources for a while and i can testify that many times, function have two, three (sometimes more) actual implementations that gets actually built depending on configuration (example: sunos va dos vs linux vs win32 version of function foo). So... Yeah. The c lines are in a way, "overcounted". I developed a simple web app that lets you create flashcards. The nice thing is that it lets you create offline web apps that you can actually print on paper (double sided) and cut. It is a simple web app that basically wraps the flashcards latex package, while giving you a nearly-complete preview using mathjax. http://flashcards.dokku.santoro.tk/ > So, it's like a tax on your business, if you succeed, so do they! So... Do you realize this is basically the core of the SAAS/IAAS/anything-AAS business model ? It is sad to see people joking at IBM just because it's IBM. Remember to choose a charity entity for your donation! ProTip: entities like the FSF, the EFF, Wikimedia and many others can be helped via the humble bundle!! friendly reminder: the built-in vc-mode can interface with most version control systems, including git. It's not as great as magit, but it works (and it has you to learn very little). My guess is that this is just an experiment for the sake of experimenting... But still, many things come out of this kind of experimenting. I am happy to hear this because I stopped using firefox and migrated to google chrome around firefox 51, and boy it was SLOW. Now it might be worth it to give it another try. In the meantime, I am seriously concerned about Thunderbird. Thunderbird is my MUA of choice and quite frankly, there are very few options to replace it, and none of them seems 100% okay (except, maybe, Evolution). Clawsmail is okay-ish, but so ugly to see and feature-poor. Long story short, "ACID" is what a datastore has to provide in order to be eligible to be called a "proper database". So yeah, I guess you could use redis as main datastore. Questions I would like to see answered: - How does oss redis compare to enterprise redis ? - What are the differences when running the same benchmarks with both oss redis and enterprise redis ? - what is the marginal utility of an additional cpu core/thread ? that is, what happens if I run those benchmarks on an AMD ThreadRipper ? I am commenting to confirm that nextcloud works very very well. I am running the official docker image with an apache2 frontend (http/https) and it pretty much works flawlessly. Nice idea, but buggy implementation: if I search for "Germany" nothing shows up. If I type "Berlin, Germany" (an event show up). You might want to fix this. Just use QUIC and advocate for its adoption. Adobe could donate the source code of the player and stop selling development kit/toolchain. Developing a new toolchain might take so long that it wouldn't make sense as a project. It seems a reasonable compromise to me. «Replacing it is a Java course, which will emphasize the Spring application development framework.» So... It seems that Java is resurrecting. That is basically what happened until now. And it had very catastrophic result. Mozilla is doing everything but what is supposed to do:make Firefox blazing fast. Last time I tried it still was slow... I'll give it another try. n-gate is pure gold Uh... My grandpa used to use Roundup in order to kill weeds in his cultivation land. It would be nice to hear from people using chez scheme in real world, and know what are they building. After the KDE4/GNOME3 mess, I switched to Xfce and pretty much never looked back. I honestly miss KDE 3.5 So this blows my plan of buying a trezor and leaving it in a safe in the bank. I guess. Interestingly, one of the pages you link ( http://mumble.net/~jar/tproject/ ) links a paper (grep "1986: Kelsey dissertation on rewrite-based compilation ") that shows the implementation of a compiler with multiple frontends (BASIC, Scheme, Pascal) using only source-to-source) transformation. I find this interesting because in a certain way, this reminds me of how the go assembler works ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KINIAgRpkDA ). For those who haven't seen the talk: basically the go compiler works on the assumption that pretty much all computer, in a way, move memory from one address to another, generate and handle interrupts, have call/return instructions and so on. Thus, the go compiler emits (IIRC) some sort of "intermediate assembler" (somehow similar to llvm's intermediate representation, but simpler) and then proceeds to "translate" such assembler to various platform native assembler. I clearly remember Rob Pike (in the talk) saying "so the task of supporting a new platform becomes a task in text processing" (okay, maybe it was worded a bit better). This might be a bit tangential, but it is interesting how some "new" ideas aren't that new after all. But I guess this is due to Rob Pike's deep experience and history with computers. Very cool! Just wanted to say that the nodes app in nextcloud is very handy too! Actually, if Nextcloud could embed this Laverna somehow... that would be awesome. I just skimmed the page and seen that sort coloured of sine wave... Then read «The above animation is 128 tags. No SVG, no CSS transitions/animations. It's all powered by Marko which does a full re-render every frame.». Well, as soon as my browser renders that thing, the browser process reaches 122% cpu usage (according to htop). And i'm using a 4th gen core i7 processor. I can literally (literally in the literal sense of the word) hear my fan spin up. That hurts battery so much. This is awesome, but I would really appreciate if it would use all of my screen estate (i am using a 1920x1200 screen) instead of using only three columns. I have a Google account on which i am only logged from mobile phone and a Facebook account that i have disabled nine months ago and that i reactivate upon need. instant question: which entity decides and how does such entity decide what news is true news ? The main issue I see is caring too much about other implementation of Python. While that is a very kind behavior, it brings more complexity to the issue. The CPython developers should, imho, define/consolidate the API and then choose the implementation that yields the best performance for their implementation. Developers of other Python implementation will surely find a way to implement that API with optimal performances with regards to the peculiarities of their own implementations. Just FOUR DAYS AGO, someone posted: >>... most of the recent innovations in Solaris's core technologies (DTrace, ZFS, Zones, etc) have all happened in illumos. > As a core Solaris dev at Oracle, I can tell you that's not true. I just can't prove it to you. :-( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15125355 I have been using Jira at work for the last 10 months or so, and have been using trello for personal stuff for more than a year and a half. I dunno, but Jira doesn't looks so bad to me. To be quite honest, "Jira sucks" really looks like a meme to me, that people carry around for some reaons. I am not a jira enthusiast, nor i am endorsed/funded by atlassian in any way. Jira is a tool to me, and it does it job. > Every single first person or second hand account I've heard You answered yourself > why should I use Java in 2017 ? Properly implemented multi-threading, i guess. When python will finally have proper multi-threading things will change a lot. But quite honestly, it's been twenty years, and that Gil is still there, healthier than ever. I am sorry, mate. The Cryptoclub: Using Mathematics to Make and Break Secret Codes: https://www.amazon.it/Cryptoclub-Using-Mathematics-Break-Sec... My guess is that it would be a nice read for adults too. > which, as far as I can tell, started in earnest with Julia Evans Sacha Chua " rel="nofollow">http://sachachua.com/blog/> used to do this way earlier than Julia Evans. No flame though, just wanted to point this out. > Why is the licensing model even relevant? Licensing model directly affects the availability of source code, and this technically facilitates exploit discovery. I am not saying that closed-source software is more secure. I am saying finding exploits when the source code is available is definitely easier. He seems like a reasonable man, not the aggressive misogynist he's been depicted. https://www.mozilla.org/it/firefox/all/ only reports firefox 55 as available for download. Happy to see a book I linked the other day is now on that website. Someone is finally saying this. Plus, there is a ton of things that json can't do or isn't supposed to do (things like defining a grammar, xpath, xquery, xslt and a lot more) A lot of enterprises like to have a solid runtime with proper multi-threading, a comprehensive library set and a stable, well-defined API. Ask yourself why of all the languages and runtime, it's mostly Java running the enterprise world. I still haven't grasped what Pinterest is for, in all honesty. And i have an account, by the way. As a cs-savvy person, I'd really love to see similar pages but for other fields. Computer science is probably one of the most over-documented fields. Everyone seems to have compiled a list of resources at least once in their life, like a rite of passage. I'd love to see open source curricula for Economics/Business, Physics, Music, Literature and other stuff. "Making the World Work Better: The Ideas That Shaped a Century and a Company" by IBM Press https://www.redbooks.ibm.com/Redbooks.nsf/ibmpressisbn/97801... Oh the things I could say... There are probably things you don't even immagine to pay for, that are now done by machines, and that used to be performed by humans. Think of circuit-switching telphony, when you used to say "operator, connect me with number xyz-xxx" and someone on the other side would phisically create a connection between you and someone else to talk. Consider mail delivery. There used to be a milkman. Mail was only paper. A lot of stuff. On the same planet, self driving cars are about to be easily available, no more drivers or cab drivers, amazon has robots doing most of the heavy lifting (quite literally) but we enjoy these other things, and do not complain about anything because they're cool, i guess. I cannot wait for this thread to be featured on n-gate. Millions on legal American citizens being routinely intercepted and monitored seems to indicate that the us government has all the necessary means. What if I am only transiting the country ? If this phone lands and has no whatsapp, I will buy one and switch definitively to Telegram. Telegram is nice, works everywhere, the protocol is open, clean and relatively easy to implement. I also will make the rest of the family switch to Telegram. I am sure that as long as they are able to write message to each other, they will be fine with it. Quite frankly, the main advantage of Whatsapp over Telegram is that it is more widely adopted. But beside that, not much. If you read carefully (something I strongly advise you to do) you will find out that I was talking about my family: they trust my judgement and I can bring them very good reasons for what I propose. Regarding my other contacts' networks: I certainly do not impose other people what app to use, but at the same time I have no interest in doing something (e.g.: running an app I honestly don't like) just because everybody is doing it. In all honesty, if someone has something to tell me or I have something to tell someone, we will surely find a way to communicate. Keep in mind that, at least for now, all mobile phones can make phone calls and send text messages (at least to negotiate other means of communication). It used to be. The grails web framework was capable of generating relatively complex web ui from the defined domain classes. It was super cool! Sadly, it's not so used anymore, it seems quite dead. Last time I tried to use it I found out they switched to gradle, making its usage twice more complicated than it used to be. Is this mill architecture going to hit the market anytime soon? Remember that you can select entities like the EFF for charity donations! Yeah, no shit. On one hand you have large screens that emit a huge amount of light, posing a huge strain on eyes. On the other hand you have tiny screens, too tiny to display anything remotely useful, in black and white, and slow to update. Ebooks for learning will not take off completely until we'll have larger, faster, cheaper e-ink displays. The interesting thing about this video is that Steve Jobs was bragging about the fact that Apple managed to make a smaller laptop, with longer battery life, while making a lot of things (56k modem, ethernet, vga, 2 usb ports, firewire) built-in. Which is basically the opposite of what Apple does today. Perl. It was designed for doing just that :) So... Tweeting now is a form of assaulting ? I am happy to read an article like this because it's very rare to see a woman admitting that many (but not all) women actually exploit sexism to their own advantage, and that she did too, on some occasions. I think this is one good way towards progress in this sense. Jammers may interfere with peacemaker. You may end up in literally killing people. Oh. Didn't think of that. A PhD lasts five years in the us. I would argue: what's the tangible difference between someone who has gone through all five years and someone who has gone through "just" four of them? Plus, i don't think applied research is less important than base research. I think it's foolish of Mr Tanenbaum to expect how Intel used Minix in their super-secret project. I mean, it's super-secret. Telling him "Congratulation, Minix is now the most widely used OS in every x86 pc, but we cannot tell you why and how" would have blown pretty much everything. Any average person would have done 2+2 and would have understood what was going on. Beside this... I think it is important that this would not have happened if Minix was licensed under the GPL. Not this way, at least. Intel would have had to find another OS (possibly paying for it) or develop one ex-novo (again, paying for it). So it would have happened anyway, but at least it would have been much more expensive for Intel. No matter what your argument is, someone will always come up with the counter argument for a particular example, missing the general point. Talky.io? Where did the good old Fritz go ? If Microsoft had done the same (downloading 5.21 gigabytes of software without asking the user) everybody would have lost their mind. Just saying. Can you elaborate on that? > Both her degrees are in education and it seems to be nearly impossible to pick up a junior PM job without 3+ years of experience. Well it's quite a jump, going from teaching at an elementary school to doing project management. No wonder she's having a hard time finding a company willing to let her do such a jump. Imho, if she wants to get into tech, she should at least get to understand what sub-field she is interested in and then join pretty much any company willing to hire her and work her way up. You know... acquire those 3+ years of experience. It's nice to see how the bad things about the Scala ecosystem are finally getting out now that the hype is vanishing. One thing that hit me is that bezos has a clear vision since 1997. No pivoting or other crap. He knew _exactly_ what he was building and what his ultimate goal was. I can confirm. I use thunderbird, but I have fond memories of Evolution. It is way faster than thunderbird. Claws-mail is pretty good too, if you need something light yet functional. > It also restores access to C-b for "back one character" in emacs If you run emacs as a daemon you can do pretty much everything tmux/screen do, without sacrificing precious keystrokes :P I am not surprised. Kde3 was the best environment ever. S C A R Y C A R Y If anyone is wondering there is a mostly-free-as-in-free-speech, self-hosted alternative: Eclipse Che. https://www.eclipse.org/che/ Happy to help! I think it is a very good fit with the latest high-ram-low-price instances from digitalocean. Unrelated: any plans about integrating a trackpoint/ultranav solution in System76 laptops? Since were all finally praising Excel for the marvel it is, I think it's also time for the OSS community to realize and acknowledge that OpenOffice/LibreOffice is quite crappy and should really see some serious improvement. Calc is basically a toy compared to Excel, and this is quite evident once you step out of the basic things. Anecdotally: a while ago i wanted to live-update a cell in my spreadsheet using python . Nothing fancy, just update the cell with the latest price of bitcoins and see if it's time to sell (at the time bitcoin was at 500$). I wasted a morning on that thing and I managed to get it working but oh boy I am so ashamed of the code i wrote... Also OpenOffice/LibreOffice APIs are arcane and basically undocumented. Examples are basically non-existing. So I see that profile-guided optimization are being used. Profile-guided optimization, in layman terms, means that you run you code under a profiler for a while, see what parts (branches, functions, data structures etc) are being used the most and use this information to make a build of your code that considers the profiler's findings when doing optimization. So what does it mean? It means, basically, that revsys is publishing a python build that is optimized for their use-case. Which may or may not be your use-case. This is not good nor bad. Still, the claim "up to 19% faster" is false in general (but true in a particular case -- their use case). Just keep this in mind, because this python build might perform worse than a regular python build. > (1) Write your new endpoint. (2) Proxy to it via your old one. OR: (1) write your endpoint. (2) use something like apache's mod_rewrite to adapt endpoints. > - Price undercutting (at a loss) for your first N customers Amazon is known to sell at loss in order to drive adoption or even hurt competitors. There is so much you can sell at loss, but Amazon can beat the crap out of it and sell much more at much higher losses and still be profitable in the aftermath. I'd say, starting a price war against amazon is quite a dumb idea, if you are a lot smaller player. I was unable to read the article because of a paywall. Can we please make it a policy not to allow paywalled content? This is a course that was offered through Coursera a while ago. Very good course, it focuses on concepts (there are many) with a little theory too, but just enough to sample the soundness of claims being made. Highly recommended. I hadn't a chance to read Oracle's or SQL Server's license, but one thing is not clear to me: is the used forbidden from performing benchmarks or from publishing them? I have been using VanDyke's SecureCRT for more than a year now at work and I must say if works very, very well. It would have been nice to have at least an approximation of how much such a cluster would cost to buy or rent. Unrelated, but your website template wastes a third of my screen with whitespace and this is frankly annoying. You might want to improve it. Nice article anyway! > If I was Facebook, I'd start to think about how to add more value to people's lives. Thst would be pointless as people do not pay to be on Facebook. And people aren't paid to be on Facebook. People are the product being sold. Proof: this last move tries to improve the product (people's time) for its actual customers (advertisers). Too bad, I just switched back to Firefox and now they are delivering this crap... Oh well, I guess it's Chromium time. That's what make has been doing for the last like 40 years. Well Microsoft has msn messenger and shut it down, not there are WhatsApp, telegram and many others but I'd pay good money to have msn messenger back