The winter scene actually gives me a lot of anxiety (norther climate dweller here). All I see are icy roads and cars in ditches. Everything else is definitely beautiful. > Which version of Babel, 5? or 6 I'm not really familiar with any popular build toolchain libraries written for 5 that haven't been updated to work with 6. It's not like a Python 2/3 scenario, or even an Angular 1/2. Companies generally don't hire at all if it's going to hurt the bottom line. There might be some exceptions around high profile positions (i.e. CEO) if there's an expectation that media attention and other factors might turn that loss into a profitable long-term investment, but it certainly isn't going to apply to your run-of-the-mill blue collar, middle manager or software developer position. I believe that's called indentured servitude, and at least in the US, cannot be enforced by contract law. This is really neat! You may want to also look at https://github.com/gcanti/babel-plugin-tcomb for some inspiration- I've used tcomb extensively for runtime ADT and typing, but using just Flow would be an interesting challenge! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_zone_(ecology) Among other factors, fertilizer runoff is a studied cause of substantial ecological effects. There's a huge rabbit hole to start you off. As a fellow engineer who also performs technical interviews, I cannot accept your first point. Solving trivial problems does not give you any useful information about how a person solves nontrivial problems. This is especially true if you are not specifying the language the candidate needs to use. What if I solved fizzbuzz in Haskell? It certainly would not look like a c# implementation, and you wouldn't be able to judge anything about it other than maybe it might produce a correct answer- is it idiomatic? Is it performant? Will it even compile? Technical interviews (especially when you consider candidates outside of your current language / stack) are about assessing capability and trajectory - willingness to learn and adapt. Rote memorization of objective problems that can be found online tell you nothing about how they will solve problems on the job. As for point two, memorizing solutions to problems with objective answers isn't a terribly valuable skill; presuming that it should be a requirement without announcing it in the job requirements is certainly analogous to hazing. Unless you want a team with little to no creativity, you are selecting for candidates that do not demonstrate what you actually need- and the success of your team is in spite of your hiring process, not enabled by it. I am sorry if this came across as either personal or exceptionally harsh, but I am pained by the amount of incredibly intelligent people who are willing to accept that suboptimal things ought to be, simply because they are. One of the biggest contributing factors for a team's - and company's- culture is its hiring practice, and it deserves far more attention than what our industry gives it. I'll address your second paragraph before returning to your first question- I think my answer will be a little more cohesive that way. The fundamental problem with whiteboard / live coding technical interviews is that you're selecting for candidates whose strengths aren't necessarily useful on the job. They: - have memorized answers to solved problems - work well under immediate pressure - demonstrate knowledge of basic programming techniques They do not: - demonstrate collaboration - demonstrate researching and gathering requirements (i.e. no access to the internet) - demonstrate planning or reasoning about business requirements In short, yes, they're solving problems, but they're not solving the same kinds of problems that you'll need them to solve on the job, nor are they solving them in the same way they'll be solving them on the job. These interviews select based on superficial qualities, and practically ignore the qualities of top candidates (teamwork skills, interpreting technical requirements from business requirements etc.) I had typed out a lengthy explanation of the process I'm currently using, but I realized I don't want to go too deeply into the weeds. In short, design a small challenge application for candidates to build, with the expectation that it'd take no more than a handful of hours, and let them turn it in on their own time (say, within a week). If they "pass", bring them in for a second, technical interview, which is a conversation based on what they submitted (i.e. how could they do X better, how would they add new feature Y, etc.) The benefit of that kind of process are numerous: 1- The time commitment of candidates is the same as a long whiteboard interview (or set of them), and they don't need to commit to all of the time at once (takes less time away from their current engagements) 2- The time commitment of employees is reduced to ~2-3 hours (one to evaluate, one to interview) 3- candidates are building a small application, meaning there's not an objective answer to be found on stack overflow to memorize 4- candidates have time to ask questions and demonstrate skills they are passionate about, but might not have been specifically requested- say, testing, user experience, flexible architecture to support future features, that sort of thing 5- The second interview becomes a relaxed conversation, where a broader selection of engineers perform well, as opposed to the more biased high-pressure scenarios that aren't typical of our day-to-day To do this well, of course, you ought to review the challenge and process each year, and have (preferably junior) employees test it to ensure that it will be respectful of candidate's time commitments and the value of the information the challenge will provide an evaluator. Given that you want to keep it limited to a few hours, you'll need to balance features that you think will be interesting with features that actually yield interesting information about the candidate for a second interview- anything that can be learned by simply asking a question doesn't actually need to be included. Finally, to return to the original topic of this thread, you potentially eliminate certain cultural biases that are irrelevant; not only is the candidate demonstrating capabilities more reflective of the job itself, but they are doing so before ever meeting in person. As a lifelong resident of a midwestern state in the US, I think it's less a matter of independence and more a matter of safety and legal issues. I too made plenty of solo excursions through our rural countryside at a young age. On the other hand, in major cities, parents are being charged with neglect if their young children walk a a few blocks up the street to go to a park. Not everywhere, but such stories crop up in the news every so often. Another part of the problem is that communities in America aren't (or seem to not be) quite as tight knit as they once were. There are plenty of explanations, from cultural shifts, family policy, excessively punitive drug policy, economic policy, decline of religion, decline of moral values, rise of the internet and easy access to excessive amounts of televised programming, cell phones and handheld video games, you name it, and someone has probably blamed something for it. This blog post makes no sense. The first half sounded reasonable- lack of funding for maintenance and scaling make it difficult to ensure the servers are up to date from a security perspective and service level... but losing flash has been the only significant backwards break that I'm aware of in the past few years. The second half seems really off. Sure, a few browser vendors have played with introducing new, non-standard features in the hopes that they would become standard such as native observers and web SQL, and backed down before they were standardized. But, there's no reason to think that the HTML/CSS/JS that they're using now will stop working at anytime in the remotely near future, since the site seems to work fine on multitude of browsers now. ...And I pay for public schools even though I do not and will not have children. I'm not complaining, mind you, but of the problems we could be trying to solve, this seems like a relatively low priority. My state also passed a sales tax (you know, the regressive kind) intended to preserve natural resources and cultural heritage, and most of the money has gone to art projects in the major metropolitan area that are mostly unappreciated. The point here is, yes, governments waste money, but making parking easier is hardly the worst offense. That precisely describes the example I gave (sales tax that funds pointless art projects noone likes), except the cost to the economy, and the impact on the poor, is readily quantifiable, unlike hypotheses of various opportunity costs regarding parking. Saying all parking is funded the same way and has the same externalities is both reductionist and absurd. Furthermore, what value empty lots provide is entirely up to the people who control them; several around here are used for farmers markets and other activities outside of peak time usage. We've got light rail and buses where I live; one of the light rail lines was poorly planned and is now subsidised somewhere around $20-30 per passenger per trip. Another was promised to ease traffic congestion and revitalize several neighborhoods along the path; it has done neither and has arguably made both worse (traffic has to stop when it goes by, and the horns contribute significant noise pollution) and driven down property values to a certain degree. Basically, costs are relative, and arguing over parking is far less productive than what we could be working on in our communities. There are certainly JS MV* frameworks older than 5 years... Dojo and puremvc come to mind. The existence of a regulatory structure means that if it's on a shelf, 99% of consumers trust it (see also nutritional supplements). The defacto assumption is that if it wasn't safe / correctly labeled, the government has done or will do something about it. The libertarian ideal would see consumers lose that fake safety net in favor of private organisations finding and providing that information; the specific mechanisms would vary but likely be not very different than what the government does now. The important piece is that people would stop assuming that words on a package are imperically true. It's a bit like the argument that Trump would have won the popular vote without the electoral college... because it existed, he campaigned differently than if it hadn't. Whether or not he actually could have gotten the popular vote is impossible to know at this point, but it's a hypothesis just the same. They are, but would engender less trust than if the government had approved it. Ergo, more critical review of their approvals / marketing. For consumer goods, companies would hold each other accountable- no company would advertise "X approved" once X was discovered to commit fraud or otherwise misrepresent their reviews. As for sibling comments on ratings agencies, I disagree. On the one hand, ratings agencies alone were not solely to blame; though they were ill equipped to understand the complexity of the new structures. As a result, the big three settled at least 14 lawsuits, suffered stock losses and other harms. Tell me, what can you do when the government fails? You can't sue the EPA when their inspectors accidentally cause a slurry retention pond to spill massive amounts of toxic waste. You can't sue the FDA when their safety inspections fail to catch conditions which allow spoilage and food poisoning. You can't sue the FDA when lobbyists push through unsafe medications. Guess who you can sue for damages? Private organisations (until the government interferes even more by declaring them too big to fail) I'll admit my examples were poor, but both of those you cited are apples to oranges comparisons. First, the lawsuits against the FDA are for over extending their regulatory reach, not for incorrectly asserting the qualities of a product. The note on the EPA is likewise allowing suits when it fails to act, not when it causes harm by acting. Even the Navajo lawsuit over the golden kings mine incident is based on years of neglectful oversight. The gold king mine corporation and some contractors are being named in the lawsuit for the actual damages. Edit: for what it's worth, I'm not personally in favor of ending ALL regulation in favor of creating a market for ratings companies; there are plenty of places in the economy where it wouldn't work as well as others. I'm merely playing devil's advocate, since the question was asked. The best places for this sort of thinking are really limited to consumer goods, if that. This title is wrong: the footnote is explicit in stating that the letter is only the opinion o the heterodox academy executive committee, and that the membership were not consulted in the drafting or content of the message. No operation with side effects should ever be run without validation- you could cast to an int, sure, but unless you validate the user is allowed to delete that particular int, you're still giving them free reign over your entire cart table. The biggest trouble with these questions is that people are learning many aspects of web development without understanding the separate concerns they should be aware of when heading to production code. It's difficult to (a) avoid over-answering and explaining everything while also (b) avoid giving insecure advice What should have been invalid input has been turned into valid input, but the valid input doesn't reflect the user's intent. As a result, the behavior is undefined. Best case scenario, nothing happens. Worst case, random rows are deleted. Personally, I don't think introducing undefined behavior is ever good advice, even if it is technically correct advice. All of this really just gets at my original point, though: there are so many things for new developers to learn that it is extremely difficult to provide good answers on a forum like SO. That doesn't diminish the value, but we have to be aware of, accept, and make clear this fact. Depends on which sector of the industry you're working in. I've participated in the hiring process (technical interviewer) for several candidates from bootcamps. What they clearly lack in expertise (which can be learnt) they more than make up for in intangible qualities of character- self-driven, hungry to learn, motivated not only to do well, but to do better each time. Many come from backgrounds that are also useful, but not commonly found in degreed programs, such as former project managers, academic researchers, etc. If you can afford the time and effort required to have a green developer on your team, they can be some of the best hires you'll ever get. With regard to your specific call out of 3 months, the one I'm familiar with had something like 50-60 hour weeks. Most people were learning non-stop, focused primarily on easy-access web tech such as html, css, front-end and server-side JS, and mongodb. However, many of them also dabbled in a variety of other languages on their own time, such as python, c, java, as well as graph and SQL databases. They graduate coding bootcamps with more ready for web development than many learn at more degreed programs. It's entirely possible that that level of expertise simply isn't enough where you work, and that's totally fine. But don't imagine that there isn't a place for these people within the industry. (For reference, I've been in the industry myself for 7 years, and have never personally attended a bootcamp) It's interesting to me that all of the initial reactions I've seen to this announcement have been around the introduction of async and object spread, which are available with babel, but the typescript specific features such as mapped types are completely ignored. I don't really have any particular meaning behind that observation, only that it tickled my funny bone a little bit. Did you mean to reply to my comment? If so, to help clarify, I wasn't critiquing the long delay of those features; I merely was amused that they've gotten so much more attention than the far more novel features that were also released. I'm not able to name names, but legally speaking, it's no worse than MIT or BSD. Sure, there's a retaliation clause, but that's just affirmation of what companies who publish with the others aren't telling you. In effect, it's more, not less, permissive and honest. INAL, but that's what I've been told by one. You can easily get runtime ADTs from libraries like tcomb and folktale. While you lose out on some tooling, you gain advantages such as ad-hoc types and boundary checking (I.e. Ajax responses), as well as metadata (in the case of tcomb) for things like automated form generation and validation. In the US, the official unemployment rate cited is the U-3 rate, which is exclusively limited to those currently seeking a job, with no employment status at all. Partial employment (such as part-time) due to economic circumstances, as well as those who are within the employable age range (18-60something) but are not employed nor seeking a new job due to economic circumstances (i.e. gave up) are covered by the U-6 measurement, which is substantially higher at 9.8%. See here: https://www.bls.gov/lau/stalt.htm That page also has links to historical measurements back to 2003, and you can probably find further back (though I'm not sure if there are older resources that also include the state-by-state breakdown). I tend to do exploration on my phone when I have downtime while being out and about. Mobile friendly docs are a sure way to keep my attention on your project if I stumble upon it during these times. Of course, I do plenty of research from my desktop as well, so if it's a choice between getting a new release out on time or having a perfect mobile experience, I'd suggest library authors prefer getting timely releases out myself. It's easy to see government as representative of the people when you live in a small country, or if you're thinking about your local government. When a government has 300 million+ people to represent, it needs to have very limited responsibilities and powers, because the common interests of so many people are very limited. That is (cargo culting political attitudes aside) largely why the American relationship with the federal government is "adversarial"- the larger it grows, the easier it is for special, non-representative interests to take advantage of. There's a similar story played out among union participation here; the larger the union, the less individuals feel that it is working exclusively in their best interests. Likewise: approval for individual congressional representatives is typically high, but Congress itself invariably has very low approval ratings. On the one hand, it's great for a large, distributed team of developers who are responsible for multiple programming disciplines... Mostly because the documentation is all in one spot, and angular material is very comprehensive. Personally, I prefer react, with small swarth of libraries such redux and tcomb to fill out the rest. However, it can be confusing for non-full time JS developers to discover that react isn't an all-encompassing, monolithic framework, and get lost trying to figure out which libraries are responsible for the different pieces of the puzzle. It can (and has been) done, but I do understand why people would rather use Angular in that scenario- the "don't think out of the box, it's got everything you need" mindset reminds me a lot of ember, which certainly has its fans and upsides as well. Pick something, get comfortable with it, then pick up something else. All of these choices solve similar problems from different perspectives, and understanding them will help you get a bit of a deeper understanding of the trade-offs when more new updates and tools come out. If your lawn is unkempt, it may become a breeding ground for vermin and make weed and invasive species control all the more difficult. If I want to sell my house, the value is somewhat diminished by your presence. Ergo, peer pressure and government ordinance arise to settle the dispute. Otoh, if you want to live somewhere without those things, get a home in the country where you can get more acres for your buck. Normally, I would agree that individuals should be able to do as they please with their property; I'm typically a libertarian fellow. In this case, though, it's fairly obvious that "proper maintenance" is established to prevent harm to others, and that harm can be objectively measured. With all of that said, I definitely wouldn't live anywhere with a housing association; there are limits to the above argument that I find they frequently cross. I got that bit, though it's far less common to have problems out there like this. Being in the country isn't enough, of course, but it's a first step for the people most commonly afflicted with onerous (or seemingly onerous) regulations. How much of your work can be rightly patented? I imagine these sorts of agreements prevent employees from developing something in the due course of their work, patenting it, then charging the company for the use of the work they were already paid for via salary. I.e., it's a simple protection against extortion. Kindof. If you look at aws lambda, you get a few more things for the overhead price: namely, integration with other services (Iam, cognito) and no need to worry about whether your auto scaling setup or instance sizes are appropriate... It really is just a logical extension of the concept of the cloud. Then again, I certainly wouldn't use it for everything, but ymmv I have built multi-10k+ line applications in angular 1, 2 and react. My personal preference is react by a mile. The concept of modules and dependency injection was nice before we had any sort of module systems, but at this point it's essentially entirely busy work, given tools like proxyquire when testing. Template compilation errors are a nice step up from 1, but those that I've seen have been very misleading and have been the cause of wasted hours debugging. Angular 2 makes extensive use of the Reflection API for metadata, which combined with the fact that angular-cli is hard-coded to perform static analysis (even if you disable AOT) is another pain point. I'm trying to build the equivalent to "react storybook" for our platform, and it's taken me about 3x the time it would have with React. With all of that said, if you need a "think-inside-the-box" tool for a large, decentralized dev team, angular can win out- there are fewer places to look for documentation, which will be nice when angulars documentation improves. I actually find that React better encourages smaller, cleaner components with fewer responsibilities, but that's also likely due to being very familiar with the redux paradigm. Finally, if you want very flexible components, react wins hands down, because components can be used as properties to other components; dynamically rendering components in angular has always had an inversion of control issue. That's been my experience; ymmv. One in angular 2, two in 1, and another that was a maaasive project in react. Team sizes varied from 3 devs to 12 or 16 (I forget which) JSX is a macro (it's expended to plain JS at compile time). Almost every other major framework uses DSLs (strings are evaluated and transformed into code at run time). Classes and inheritance are features of type systems, not OOP. Plenty of functional programming JS libraries use classes for testing types (for example, the Either monads' Left and Right). Hardly. Plenty of species exhibit cannibalism; see certain spiders and praying mantis (mantis?) post-mating rituals. The law isn't nearly so cut and dry as that. After all, if something operates as a business, and also has a brick-and-mortar storefront, then it is also liable to accessibility guidelines per the ADA (see the lawsuit against Target a few years back). As such, publicly accessible websites are, in effect, no less common areas than storefronts. Of course, there's a way around this; websites could establish 'membership requirements' such as using a browser that does not have an ad blocker enabled; the content for most of the website would require being a member and volunteering to abide by membership rules to access. Violate those rules, and you would risk losing your membership and access to the content, though I seriously doubt grounds could be established for a lawsuit over it. As someone with only passing familiarity with lisps and the topic of himoiconicity, I really appreciated the article. However, I kindof wish the author had skipped treating the quote/unquote attempt as a solution. I spent too long attempting to reason through the syntax before moving on with the article. If course, if the article had been a simple conversation between myself and the author, I would not have been able to dwell on it and the author could have guided me right through it, but in the written format, it definitely feels like I was the target of a game of nerd sniping[0]. [0] https://xkcd.com/356/ meat power has one advantage in the customer service industry (including fast food): robots aren't great at customer service. People are accustomed to being able to talk to another person. With the rise of the $15 minimum wage movement, a number of chains are experimenting with replacing some or most of their employees with automated kiosks and other devices. As they become less novel, and as wages continue to rise, expect there to be fewer fast food jobs available. It is a minor inevitability; I've seen burger assembly robots that will make, from raw ingredients (including the ground meat) burgers in a handful of minutes. The only human intervention needed is refilling ingredient hoppers and cleaning. Once people get used to not seeing so many other humans behind the counter, and the capital outlay to buy / rent / install the machines goes down (at least, relative to wages) they are likely to be much more widespread. This isn't even remotely new. Apple and windows have been doing the same ever since computers were in schools. Heck, I even got free oem copies of Vista and 7, and Ms word through my school (University) which were provided to the school well below what the normal prices were. The fact that Google is providing a subjectively better alternative isn't remotely new, but if it works better and see lower cost to schools, I'm more than happy to see it happen. Not to mention that many are owner-operators, meaning they own the truck itself. This may slow the adoption of self-driving trucking for smaller companies (many larger companies do own the truck), but it will hurt the drivers that much more when it happens. In my experience designing these things, 1-2 hours only provides enough time for very simple assignments, which aren't enough to actually inform the reviewer much at all about you as an individual. It's hard to get one at 4 hours, but that provides just enough to really see something while still being respectful of candidates' time. Of course, this is entirely dependant on the type of programming that you're hiring for! That is entirely owing to the time between the farm and the customer's mouth, not the time it takes to pick. There's still a small window where the fruit is grown enough to be edible (and a desirable size) but not so ripe that it is overripe by the time you buy it. Ouch. I haven't worked at a place that contributed less than 6%; my current employer also adds a flat 5% to a separate pension so people don't get bit by the maximum tax free limit (as opposed to simply matching more than 6%) Most libraries have flags for an environment variable to skip freezing in "production" mode; any decent minifier will remove the conditions since they can't be reached, so there's no performance penalty. Tcomb does this, and is far and away one of my favorite JS libraries for all of the other features it provides as a result. Edit: to be clear, tcomb provides runtime types, algebraic data concepts, pattern matching, validation, and with plugins react form generation and other things. Immutability is a simple consequence of needing to guarantee a valid value stays valid; it's not so much a "feature" per se The thing is, it can be done by a "non programmer" without IT or admin overhead. Building or buying a new solution outside of Office requires far more buy-in and cost. It may not be the best workflow, but it is the most accessible one for an individual to start with. Edit: for what it's worth, I agree that it can be a hindrance to a company when it becomes a core operating process. However, that doesn't mean that it is inherently wrong for many needs Buying a jet creates high paying, skilled jobs which support families, their children's education, and so forth. The downstream effect from the purchase includes the pilot, the airport expenses, maintenance crew, and the taxes on the expenses and all of those salaries. Not a cent of the money is in any way wasted. I'm reminded of the Maryland luxury tax, which allegedly crippled their boat building industry and put a lot of middle class people out of their jobs. I say allegedly because I remember the story, not the source that confirmed that there weren't other coinciding factors. Fuel and depreciation are only destroyed wealth if there is no lost opportunity by not purchasing them, and that entertainment alone is not a sufficiently worthy value. Presuming so would also argue that the majority of human endeavor is also waste; everything from entertaining TV shows to having small animals as pets to music lessons to trips to private space flight to works of fiction. I wouldn't paint so broad a brush with your "only path" argument; I've never listed my salaries, and have always negotiated my own (even when connected to jobs via a recruiter). Then again, I'm fortunate to have highly sought skills and years of experience, but I wouldn't go so far as to say that's the only way to get fair pay. Edit: I should point out that I'm not making anything to brag about by silicon valley standards, but I also live somewhere with much, much lower cost of living and salaries in general, and make the high end of what's common out here. Ignoring the semantics, it would be naive to believe they there are no people in tech who concretely claim more knowledge and skills than they possess, and attempt to exert undue influence. As such, there is still value in the question at hand. Anecdotally, there is a common thread among people like this that I have met: their experience in the field is very narrow, in the sense that they believe in a "one true way". That might be the only way that they've ever worked, or they bought into some cargo-cult style culture. I'm loath to prescribe means of "dealing" with such people, because with all things in life, it depends on the situation, though a good starting point is the same for all contention: Find common ground, acknowledge common goals, identify ways to work together as a team. Don't settle for harassment, though be charitable in interpretation when possible. The development demand is not a guarantee, and it can also come at the cost of destroying local businesses which cannot afford the downturn in customers during construction- many of which are small, minority owned sole proprietorships. As for demand never changing... well, everything changes. Source: Personal anecdata from living in an area where local government has been pushing more and more light rail development hard, in spite of never actually delivering any of the promised benefits to traffic congestion, ridership levels, community or business development. The difference in money, and perhaps more importantly, time, between great software and good-enough software is large enough that most companies will require good-enough. There are two big trade-offs in time alone: missing the chance to be first to market (mongo vs rethink comes to mind, albeit not quite accurate), and the need to get feedback early and often enough to pivot if the idea isn't quite right. Then the layers of lava come- not enough time to rewrite everything now that the domain is better understood, the prototype becomes the foundation, and cruft builds up. So, the bottom 90% hold less debt and pay less than their fair share of taxes? Is that the lesson here? Had you updated your site to be faster, cleaner, and better adapted to mobile without any of the AMP-specific bits, you may have seen a similar or the same jump in search results > Supercapacitors can energy faster than lithium batteries can(more power). You accidentally a verb. Not only that, but wasn't that hurricane demonstrated to have formed over waters that were at normal temperature levels? If anything, that sort of comment actively hurts the cause. The OP referred to farm subsidies, not food subsidies. The majority of these are in the form of price floors, intended to alleviate poverty among farmers and prevent shortages by encouraging excess supply during all but the leanest of times. The reality is, the majority of these subsidies go to multi-million dollar farms, not the small family farms. As a result, we're effectively paying taxes to raise prices on food, which is very regressive in that it hurts the poor far more than the wealthy. Of course, the flip side of the coin is that without the subsidies, prices would be so low that small farms wouldn't be able to compete anyway. Supply would, assuming the weather cooperates, roughly match demand, and a not insignificant chunk of taxes could go towards other programs (such as subsidizing school breakfasts and lunches). Then, we'd have some bizarre mix of natural disasters that creates a severe shortage of several key crops, causing significant chaos both in markets and in the daily lives of people who like to eat food, and we'd end up right back where we started- demanding the government guarantee that we don't run out of food in lean times, and paying the price for doing so. I seriously do NOT want pictures in titles. It's fine as-is. I've always been under the impression that smaller brewers are harder hit by this than larger brewers, as they have to convince distributors to carry their product, which was really difficult prior to the craft brew craze. If there's pending legal action, it would be foolish to respond publicly. That in and of itself tells us nothing of right and wrong. > “We can’t comment until pending legal is resolved due to advice of council” is a non-response of the best sort. It does absolutely nothing to dispel the presumption of guilt, though, and if anything, merely adds weight to the "you aren't responding because you're guilty" mindset. As for “It’s not true, facts are X, Y, and Z.”, well, I'm Not A Lawyer. I presume that's a bit like a coach for a sports team giving a news conference to tell everyone which strategies and plays they're going to be making in the upcoming game. Facts can be disputed, procedural rules can get facts excluded, and so forth. Whether or not it is a "far better" strategy (weighing PR versus court battle) is too fuzzy for a lay person to judge accurately, I think. I'm afflicted by three chronic conditions which have no known causes. All of them are treatable; there are guesses as to why the treatments work, there isn't really a good way to establish a sound reason for them working. You can't just take a person apart to study them while they're alive, and you can't easily reconfigure them to account for variables either. What, so people should only get jobs in the town they live in? That sounds more Draconian then China's hukou system That's why people largely vote on lines of ideology and hot-button issues; they're (ostensibly) voting on character and judgement, leaving the minutiae to Congress and bureaucrats to figure out. Otherwise, what's the point of Congress if we aren't going to leave it to them to figure things out? I'm not sure why you're being down voted for expressing a rational argument. I'm all for net neutrality, but I would also much rather Congress made it a law rather than relying solely on title ii. https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/issues/8284#issuecomm... That comment is more or less a recurring experience for me. I've been solving problems that are slightly out-of-the-box of the typical CRUD app, and Angular 2+ has been nothing but pain for me. Funny, I've worked with multiple companies and their lawyers who were very serious about license compliance and what not. It took all of fifteen minutes to prepare a spreadsheet of our licenses (planned, anyway). Not a complaint from any of them, other than an "oh, that's more than I'm used to seeing." The one sticking point was webpack 1; they had some dependencies with unlicensed dependencies. Fortunately, we were already leaning towards browserify anyway at the time. Webpack 2+ resolved those issues. Strange, I've always found that sleep deprivation decreases my ability to handle stress, increasing the effect of depression. Even now that I'm stable, it sends me into a blue funk the next day or the day after. Considering that both Google and Facebook are heavily invested in this scene with Angular and React, there's not much to imagine. They're both fine with lots of licenses. I do wish more people here read Sowell, at least those interested in understanding issues of economics and race in America. He is very much a needed counter perspective to the predictable drivel that Chomsky quote has. Strange, it seems like you're implying that if I agree with one person's position, I have to agree with every position that person supports. Considering how frequently politicians change positions, that would make hypocrites of us all. Instead, I'll support Trump for the things he does well, and I'll disagree with the things he doesn't, same as I would for anyone else. I'd argue it's more misunderstood than underrated. Given (historical) alternatives of flash and java: Want some simple scripting on a web page? JavaScript, hands down Want a full page takeover as an app? Java didn't make much sense here- the startup time was awful, and you might as well have literally just made a java desktop app. Flash too had limitations- you could (and I have) throw something together pretty quickly with flex, but the loss of the mobile market was unfortunate. With that said, you are afforded many paradigms, from fully OO to fully functional (from GWT, to Angular, to React, to Purescript), with everything from static, compile time safety (typescript and flow) to runtime clojure-spec ish typing supporting ADTs (tcomb, io-ts, folktale, fantasyland). There's canvas and webgl, but with the DOM having accessibility primitives built-in, you really don't need or want to go there unless you absolutely have to. For every fault of the language, a third party came to the rescue- from module systems (require/amd => browserify/cjs => system/webpack/tsc/ => native modules) to macros (sweet.js) to DSLs (peg.js) to whatever you can think of, all on NPM (for better or worse). There's a lot to hate about JS. There's a lot to love, if you give it a chance without carrying emotional baggage. A lot of these things have absolutely ruined the modern web- I hate the popups on every news website wanting to send me push notifications, and every other blog pretending to be a SPA. A lot of these things have made business advancements possible- I once took a downloadable part configurator app from a company, which could only be installed on windows, and converted it into a web site. Average quote turnaround went from 2-3 weeks to a salesperson could walk into a customer's office, walk them through the website on an iPad, and have a quote in 15 minutes. JavaScript, and the web platform in general, have been maligned, misunderstood, inappropriately used, but it has also been a fundamental changing point in our usage of computers, in many cases for the better. People over whom you have social interaction- neighbors, work peers and so forth- are on better behavior than arbitrary strangers. This isn't a solid rule by any means, but I think most people with experience in retail know what I'm talking about... if someone thinks they're never going to see you again, they will behave very differently, and never for the better. There is a HUGE difference between your peers, neighbors, and "fellow humans". OTOH, Airbnb and VRBO make pretty compelling arguments the other direction; I suspect this is at least partly due to security deposits and the reputation systems where owners can leave feedback about renters. If "the system" you're referring to is the USA, then no, it's not designed for that. We elect people based on ideology and character. They may have a few central policy platforms, but there are so many laws and resolutions passed that they cannot pre-advertise their positions or poll their constituents for every one. Hence, why we are a republic (or representative democracy, if you will). We elect people on the basis of trusting they will do the right thing, because noone has the time to track municipality, state and federal votes. Among the many experiments on local organization early communist China had was essentially a pure democracy (for local matters), and the inevitable result was there were so many votes that people were overwhelmed and disengaged. We are a very diverse group. I detest living in big cities, and recently bought 2.5 acres out in the country. Couldn't be happier. Many of the laws and regulations in the big cities wouldn't make any sense to apply out here. Likewise, purely popular votes on every issue would ultimately mean that the very tiny majority wins, every time, until the squishy "middle" voters get sick of it and switch sides again. The net result is the same. One side feels left out at any given point, and the direction of the country zigs and zags. The modern attitude of extreme hyperbolic reaction to every little detail could have many causes; my money is on social media (where speaking often is more rewarding than listening thoughtfully). It also doesn't help that our news sources are in such fiscal dire straits they seem to think the only newsworthy items are those that stoke rage or FUD. Things are going reasonably well, all things considered. Lots of things could be going a lot better, of course, but I suspect that's always been true, and will continue to be true. Entrenchment is an issue in markets with a high barrier to entry, or one where the barrier can be shifted arbitrarily by the dominant player. Retail isn't really that high, if you count anyone who chooses to open up online, and value additions other than price- shipping policies, returns, service and so forth- are important. If Amazon drops prices to a significant loss on a single product to specifically undercut a new competitor, that might be an issue. Running one side of a business at a loss and propping it up with another is quite common, though perhaps not at this scale. Either way, splitting it now could only harm customers. The agile manifesto was never intended to be a value proposition for the business per se, it was intended to be a promise of professional discipline. You don't ask the business if a refactor is okay, because the business doesn't know how to value or risk it. You refactor because that's what a disciplined professional does, in the course of their work. Think of another profession, if that helps. Teachers don't ask students or administrators if a test would be valuable after a given lesson. Builders don't ask if a hammer would be appropriate for a nail, or if they should use an air gun. There's a certain expectation that they should know and do these things. Scrum works if the scrum master functions as a mediator for the team to collaboratively prioritize work- ideally, this would be a role, not a job title. Scrum fails if the scrum master is just a project manager tasked with making sure the whole backlog entered by the product owner is done on time. I realized as I wrote it that the analogies were flawed, but I rushed myself a bit to finish writing. The teacher analogy depends entirely on the school district, and perhaps might apply more to a university setting than a grade school one. As for the builder, of course there's a discussion between the builder and the client... On the desired results. What a disciplined builder won't do is ask "can we" when they know that the current status is structurally unsound or flawed. There's some substantial differences in cost / financing and risk between the professions, so it's a bit of a stretch no matter what, I'll grant you that. If we can at least agree that there is a certain amount of discipline that embodies a profession, and that the agile manifesto emphasises priorities characteristic of that discipline (correctly or incorrectly) rather than a "business process" or "project management" scheme, then I think we're agreeing on the important points. Coding tests aren't always the problem, but coding tests that evaluate skills the company doesn't even use? That's just disrespectful. This could be my inner grumpy old man speaking, but as a general rule of thumb, I look very poorly on editorializing in code comments. Originally because I didn't want my junior devs embarrassing the company when our clients received control of the code we wrote, but that also transferred into my perception of open source. That comment should not have survived 4 years. Again, inner grumpy old man showing through. Edit: to be clear, such comments are treated as reflective of the people and organization behind them. An appropriate limit is, as I mentioned, editorializing. To be precise, your clients, peers and users should not the the target of your feelings expressed in comments. An additional litmus should be professional discipline: express dissatisfaction with a todo (ideally referencing a bug or discussion issue source URL or identifier). Without that reference, it acknowledges an issue without indicating any motivation to solve or re-mediate the original cause, which is (IMHO) indicative of a careless and lazy attitude. That's a fair enough point, especially when directly employed working on closed source / proprietary code. You're essentially stuck in an echo chamber, and professional standards are more difficult to maintain when you don't have the whole of the world looking on. I also imagine that the mental strain of figuring out edge cases and poor documentation in a system as complex as a windows OS would be enough to make anyone at least a little salty. However widespread it may be, that does not me that I have to like it :D It's not even just the utility of the degree, it's the cost. Investing $20-100k plus four to 8 years lost work experience (depending on number of degrees) is, for most living in rural communities, an extreme luxury. Considering the economic gap between metropolitan areas and rural communities, pretty much any degree not directly related to work preparation and placement is a luxury good that few can afford. A friend of mine chose the college we went to specifically because she was told about all the need-based financial aid that's available to students like her. You know, the kind that grew up learning to pick the mold off the bread and how awful government cheese was. Imagine her surprise when there's no such thing as a free ride, and there wasn't actually so much available. Also, if you think there's enough "elite" universities around for America's poor (rural or otherwise) you're mistaken. The real bottom line is, there's not much elite universities have to offer the rural life. Sure, there's certainly some places and jobs where it would help. For most people, and most jobs though, it's overkill. [Edit] To clarify, if you've grown up in poverty or even lower-middle class in a central midwestern state, the travel costs of going to a uni on the coast is simply prohibitive. Add on top of that things that your peers will partake in (summer in the Hamptons or whatever) that you'll never be able to identify with. You'll always be on the outside, no matter what. Unless every high school graduate in the rural parts of the country decides to move to a big city, there's a whole lot more that a local technical school has to offer someone in that position. > I imagine if travel expenses are a severe hardship, the college can probably figure out a way to help. In the case of my friend, your imagination did not line up with her reality. She managed to figure it out, but is saddled with a debt that will wipe out any gains it has gotten her for years to come. I didn't qualify for any grants, though my parents didn't have disposable income to help. I just got loans. My friend was in a similar situation. Fortunately for me, I got a nice gig as a developer; I lost touch with her and don't really know what happened, though I suspect she's going to be saddled with debt which will wipe out any gains a degree has gotten her for years to come. The nearest state school to me currently estimates the total cost of attending, per year, to be roughly $30k (counting books, living expenses, etc.). That adds up to $120,000 in loans for a 4 year degree, less any grants or other forms of aid, which may or may not actually help you get a job. For many people, a two year technical degree to work towards a career as an air traffic controller, EE tech, computer / network programmer, electrician, plumber, mechanic, welder, floor manager, med tech, paralegal, HVAC tech, landscaping, construction, dental hygenist, hospitality, florist, crop specialist, registered nurse, and so on, all making close to or over the national average income, makes quite a bit of sense. I don't mean to knock the effort they've put in here, but this looks like all of the hand-rolled "frameworks" I saw my friends in the agency / consulting space made when they said angular 1 was "too heavy"... right down to the 'data-controller' attribute binding that everyone seemed to independently come up with. Is there anything actually novel here? These types of things always seemed to run into composition issues (controllers inside of controllers) in terms of communication and what not. The net result was invariably far less appealing than, say, angular 1 or vue or non-SPA React. I tried to address that gently in my second paragraph. Every one of those were abandoned. The most complete one's developer said "what the hell was I doing?" onve he finally gave angular 1 a shot. So do Minneapolis and St. Paul. Let me tell you, they are an absolute blessing in the winter months. Heck, they're nice in the summer months too if you need to cut across a few blocks and don't want to walk amongst the traffic, or it's crazy humid out. IMHO, I think they're really beneficial. MSP / STP will never be the urban utopia that everyone sees NYC or random European cities as in terms of walkability; we've gotten what, a foot of snow between two days in the last week? It's not unheard of for weeks of summer to break 90 or 100 degrees F. Heck, the two cities are only a half million between them; the "metropolitan area" constitutes over EIGHT THOUSAND square miles for a grand total of a little over three million people. Traffic- cars, busses, and light rail- are all here to stay, and that means walking city streets is only as nice as you enjoy breathing exhaust fumes and the noise of tires. I'm assuming that "pig" was an autocorrect typo for "pid". Every company I've worked at for software development has had review / feedback opportunities for my manager. I can't imagine working at a company where feedback from direct reports wasn't a major factor in someone's job performance evaluation. Then again, I've been very selective in where I work. People like to bash the "culture" stereotype, but it's definitely something I consider when I'm looking for a job... you know, how people are expected to interact with other people, not whether there are ball pits and the like. I've seen people like that, and I've been that guy. Ironically, I've been that guy only because I left years after those other men and women that I'd looked up to had moved on, and I'd filled their role for the junior devs who were hired after. Moving on is a fact of life, more so now that ever. My parents both worked for the same company over 35-40 years before they retired; I don't think I can imagine that'll be even close to the norm for many in the workforce now (especially software / other tech). They've actually been proactive in removing items that are reported as dangerous. I had my eye on a juicer, but a review had posted that they noticed some plastic shavings showing up in their juice. The next day, the product was listed as no longer available. N=1, but there does seem to be an effort. I worked for a competitor to Palantir at one point. Basically, they're using what you can think of as an adaptation of Google's PageRank- instead of ranking how important websites are by evaluating the links between them, Palantir and the like estimate a person's importance / influence by evaluating their connections to other people. You can do some pretty interesting market analyses for commercial purposes using just data from Twitter, or Facebook if you can get access to it. What Palantir can do with covertly / illicitly gained data is much the same, only with much deeper wells of information to draw from. That depends entirely on the product and market, though there are a few general uses. Generally speaking, find the people who are very passionate and vocal about topics your product addresses. Now, you know two things: the types of words they use, and with a bit of digging, the sentiment typically associated with those words. This can influence your marketing copy and promotions. Repeat with a few demographics to identify associated areas of passion. Now, you have a group of very passionate people, and maybe even a loose network. Dig in and see if you can find more common associations to tighten the network up a bit. From there, you could run a targeted campaign- say, a contest with freebies awarded to a number of people who retweet a certain message or hash tag. People who are tangentially interested hear about your product. People who would have heard about it anyway (by virtue of being in your target market) will now be talking about your product, using your specifically chosen wording. For the cost of a few freebies, you now have reached your target audience- and thousands more, if they have a significant following. Further, you're not spamming airwaves, or cold emailing, or running ads that are blocked or ignored anyway. Take all of this with a hefty dose of salt. I'm an engineer, not a sales person or marketer. I'm not on Twitter or Facebook or any other network, so I don't really know all the ins and outs of how to use the product itself, only how to build things those people found useful. EDIT: for what it's worth, you can do all of this by hand. Doing it well, doing it right, is harder. I won't recommend anyone specifically, but if you're interested in marketing this way, I'd suggest finding someone who already knows how to calculate influence very well and using their services. Otherwise, you'll spend a lot of time on a pointless goose chase, because there is a LOT of noise to sift through to find a good signal, so to speak. Typed arrays are available in JS, originally for webgl support, and enhanced (I think?) for web assembly. The problem is probably calculating damages, or at least finding damages that outweigh the cost of taking legal action. Projected ad revenue share isn't worth the effort on its own for most people. Some might cry foul at this. As a thought experiment, I wonder if such cases are worth clogging up our court systems. Don't get me wrong, I'm not denying that violations of law ought to go without remediation... but purely from a pragmatic point of view, I'm not sure that the system is currently set up to handle lawsuits over this as a recourse. What alternatives might be available that simultaneously preserve due process for both the accusor and accused when potential damages are anywhere from zero to less than the costs of filing a lawsuit? In the US, I'm not sure if small claims courts would handle such a speculative case. We could set up extrajudicial processes via executive bureaucracy, but the end result is simply less transparent courts. I suppose we could compel businesses to manually validate takedown requests and the like... I am also imagining that would be ripe for abuse to the point it ends up being used antagonistically and ultimately drives down shared revenue for all participants to offset the cost. That was exactly my experience around two years ago. The brand of the company was far, far more valuable than their internal processes or capabilities as a result, and it was a painful migration (still is, from what I hear). Nope. A variable is only global if you are in non-strict mode and leave off a `var` on the declaration, or explicitly assign to the global scope (aka window in the browser). Object internal state is generally true, if you're using prototypal objects. Use function closures when you need to internalize something. Speaking of which, anything hidden via closure is truly hidden and can't be overridden. Anything public can be overridden, excepting objects frozen via the ES5 spec's Object.freeze method. I generally enjoy most aspects of JS, and generally detest working with CSS, in large part because I delegate interacting with many browser APIs to JS libraries, whereas there's no escaping the awfulness that is years of backwards compatibility with incompatible vendor specs and CSS implementations. I suspect I'll be happier once CSS Grids are universally supported (properly) among all of the browsers I need to target, and use postcss for the rest. If your Gmail account is through work (i.e. not a personal one) they already have access to it. The reason is simple: "We've found a candidate who is a better fit" although that is, in my experience, due in no small part to the fact that we've never not been able to fill a position. Conversely, one company I worked for did have us provide candidates thorough feedback, though that was only for those who didn't pass from a code challenge to an interview. Perhaps the hiring managers have them feedback, I'm not sure. PS: the code challenge we gave was carefully put together so as to both be reasonably quick to complete for a skilled developer, but be vague enough in requirements to not have a single answer that could be copy-pasted from a Google search. For anyone who didn't pass, I'd typically write two to three pages, focused entirely on objective metrics, and online resources for further learning should the candidate choose to apply again in the future. We didn't use it as a binary yes / no test, but to inform the discussion we would have in the in-person interview assuming the candidate had a sufficient level of skill. I worked for a company who was sued because a candidate told us he was the second coming of Christ. We didn't really address it, and ended up not hiring him. He used The fact that he mentioned it as grounds for religious discrimination. He didn't win, but we still had lawyer costs and what not. It is not an overblown fear at all. > tax equals 1-2% of the asset value per year, rather than taxing the income So penalize everyone in down years when their stocks lose money, plus wipe out a ton of potential growth in 401k accounts? At least, that's what it sounds like to me. Why do you think spending more than he needs or wants to on breakfast is the most valuable use of his money? Surely re-investing it or other expenses will help far more people. As a sidenote, if you are spending all of your money after paying your bills off, it sounds like you're not saving anything, which is a recipe for disaster. You should most certainly not consider such a person to be miserly. Sadly, I already have a different key mapped there. I, too, have resorted to always having an external keyboard handy. Honest question here- why is it that rage is always directed at the CEO? I mean, there's usually a CTO and / or a COO, plus a director and some other levels of management who actually make the decisions that lead to these scenarios. Why would we hold them responsible for something going wrong if what went wrong wasn't their responsibility? I've known a few CEOs (not personally) and not one of them was in charge of anyone who had these types of responsibilities, directly or indirectly. Plenty of C-level and director types have large paychecks. To randomly place blame because of that would only make matters worse. Those responsible would have a convenient scapegoat, and CEOs would just demand higher salaries as compensation for taking on risks outside of their control. Honestly, the whole "get the CEO" movement has always smacked of intellectual dishonesty to me, as though catharsis were in any way a decent value to base public policy on. I know a teacher in very rural (and white) America. There's not a lot of funding, but throwing more money at them would not change outcomes. It is not at all uncommon for 5 and 6 year olds coming to her classes to be swearing like sailors, unable to spell their names, not knowing numbers, etc. It's not simply a matter of kids being behind, their parents simply don't care. It's a cultural attitude old as time, and crosses race and geographical boundaries, from the dense urban city centers to trailer parks in the countryside. It is coincidental with widespread poverty; both a cause and effect. We have universal Pre-K and k-12 in my nearest metro area, a nearly-hyper liberal bastion. We also have among the worst white-color divide in the country in terms of education outcomes, with a large minority (25% as a record low) dropping out before completing a high school degree. There are so many factors at play, and money (in most schools) is not the primary problem, nor will it be the solution. How many times have there been privacy settings changes which undermined user intent or resulted in surprising defaults? How many snafus have we witnessed since its inception? I am astounded that employees are just now deciding they've had enough. Two thoughts: First, using pellets intended for heating rather than cooking is a health hazard. Second, low-quality pellets that disintegrate, are improperly sized (aka too big, clog the auger, too small, cause burn temp inconsistencies) can damage the machine. Odds are, it's standard boilerplate to cover them in case you use it improperly, and would only be invoked if that is obvious upon inspection. Yeah, the wording sucks, because it seems like they would turn down repairs that aren't caused by the pellets in use. Maybe there's a better way to word it- IANAL. In my (albeit limited) experience, projects which consist primarily of lambdas suffer one of two problems: - the code is awful, because lambdas were an excuse to keep bad developers in their own playpens (aka juniors and those who don't learn) - the code is just fine, and would be easier to maintain if most of the lambdas were combined back into one or more "monoliths" I guess my point wasn't that damage containment was a perk. I view it instead as a lack of support- either cultural or structural- from the more experienced developers. Microservice / faas may help mask it, but you're still stuck with a lot of bad code... Only now, there's less oversight and / or accountability. Price increases to accommodate higher wages will drive down demand. The net result is fewer jobs, or replacing those jobs with other things... Robotic fry cooks aren't economical at current wages, but from what I've heard it's a near thing. You're not wrong, but I think missing my point. This is how we end up with a hackathon golang microservice saving a company 50k a month when a simple correction to poorly written code would have done the same thing. Granted, I only skimmed bits of that article, so I'm not sure those were the exact details, but it makes for a nice analogy. You can use both, ala tcomb or io-ts IDEs like webstorm can ostensibly be quite helpful if you use jsdoc style annotations. However, in my experience, once a code base is big enough, you can open almost any file and find documentation that's out of date, incorrectly copy-pasted, or some other major issue. TS, on the other hand, at least forces you to stay correct, which is ultimately what convinced me to switch. It'd be a lot less effort to just use TS imho. Edit: I meant jsdoc-style, not "style annotations". I learned far more about writing in my experience in debate than I did in any of my classes. Learning to research a topic and write a logical argument about it is far more rewarding, and does more to develop skill, than does being assigned a book to read and writing a summary. Writing about a single source is too easy to game, especially the classics- there's simply too much already written about them, especially when the assignment is more a summary than a thesis. > “Good students are good at all things.” If you're going by grades, then odds are what you're really selecting for is students who are good at the things they felt safe taking, not those who challenged themselves. I wouldn't want apprenticeships to be a funnel for low achievers, but the concrete focus on skill would be a lot more appealing to many of my "low achiever" peers back when I was in school than most of the courses they were required to take. The few "shop" classes we had were usually the ones where they actually got decent grades. Or most people wouldn't want a latte at all if the prices were high enough to support "living wages" We tried this with Pokemon on twitch and it didn't go so well. It could just be ease of maintenance; if a server on AWS goes down, you can fix it from anywhere, or fall back on blaming Amazon. If an on-site server goes down, odds are you might need to go on site, especially if the whole thing is separated from the internet to avoid leaking "anonymous statistics." It's not terribly useful for each fish tank thermometer (or whatever) to run its own server and webui, since what you're probably interested in is "are all of my things behaving as expected". Having that data be centralized- on site or off- is where a web UI can be most useful. A friend of mine rolled his own version of this for his house, helping him optimize how the furnace / ac units operate, etc. It would've been way more painful to go to each devices UI individually. That does make sense, http or otherwise. And yes, technically feasible for each devices to serve up their own SPA, though I still fail to see why one would want to go to individual sites when a centralized interface for looking at the units both individually and as a group would be more efficient. To each their own, I guess. The groups who enjoy chaos on the internet frequently bleed over into the real world... there are no shortages of voting examples. A super quick google search brings up this[1] as a first result. Where I am, a very vocal minority are involved in politics. A small majority are dispassionately interested in the workings of the government, and only vote on things of particular interest to those individuals. The rest couldn't care less, because they assume their one lone voice won't make a difference. The internet (aka people) is why we can't have nice things, and will most certainly ruin this idea. 1: http://mentalfloss.com/article/52524/15-polls-hijacked-inter... > The ICO (UK) has been fairly clear that the intention is not to fine businesses to the point where they cannot operate That's a problem, imho. We cannot rely on good intentions when it comes to the interpretation and enforcement of the law. Anyone who's gotten caught up in the quagmire of legal bureaucracy understands that. The law is the law, and will outlast the good intentions of the authors or people currently in charge. If the law, as written, was not intended to be as such, then it should be amended. That is reflective of the nature of the crime, and history of the criminality of the accused, not their intrinsic characteristics, such as being small businesses or large businesses. Depending on the nature of the violation, it may also reflect the scope of the violation, such as fraud. This is a scenario where, again, the size of the business, or the risk of the business going under, is not taken into account. If we really want two separate punishments for the same crime- one for small businesses and one for large businesses, because we don't intend on putting anyone out of business- then that should be a codified part of the punishment. I didn't pursue programming as a hobby- and then a career- until later in life than what you are assuming here. In fact, I have worked with a number of people at multiple companies- their first programming jobs- who are older than me. They have all come from lower paying jobs. The key is that they put in effort to change. One was raising two children- an infant and a toddler- and if he wasn't actively coding, he was reading or listening to something programming related. For now, at least, programming is a highly sought-after skill, and with determination and effort, you can get into it. There really aren't any other barriers than (1) saving up for a cheap computer, and (2) having reliable internet access. From looking at the proposal, there are substantial differences. The biggest is that switch is an equality test on a single value, while pattern matching as proposed allows matching on multiple properties of an object, as well as conditional clauses. I need to look at it more closely, as some languages have matching be an expression, rather than a statement or block like the conventional switch. It doesn't add something that you can't already do- tcomb and other libraries offer functions that mimic it- but it changes the way you can express certain ideas without needing them, in a way that is already familiar from other languages. EDIT: yes, it does look like an expression, which means it can be used in many more places than a standard switch. Why would you want to work with someone who actively undermines the productive capacity of the workplace? All that means is everyone else has to work harder to balance them out. I don't disagree. My comment was specifically geared towards the comment thread calling out productive communication, and whether or not that's a valid characteristic of a desirable coworker (as well as the inverse). So rich people hardly notice the difference, and pensioners die of heat stroke because they can't afford air conditioning? Don't protest self-driving cars, protest the laws you feel shouldn't apply to you. After all, there are plenty of other reasons jaywalking laws might become more strictly enforced. This is in no way contradicting my point. A pedestrian may illegally have entered a road, but still have right-of-way, and self driving cars will need to account for that. However, protesting self driving cars will not change whether walking in the street is legal, since it already is not. Therefore, whether you do so and get fined by police is entirely up to their discretion, which could change at any time for any reason. If you want it to be legal, protest the illegality, not the car company. The laws are already on the books . Police could choose to apply heavier enforcement regardless of whether or not self driving cars become a thing. If the law itself is unjust or inappropriate, protest the law. It depends on the city. My nearest metro does enforce them... at locations for which a particularly large number of people are wont to illegally cross, such as around the University. Otherwise, enforcement is spotty at best, because the police have better things to do, such as ticket parked cars with expired tabs or meters. If there were a sudden uptick in pedestrian-car collisions, you can bet they'll crack down. None of the above addresses whether the law SHOULD be on the books, which is what people should put their efforts towards changing, if they feel is unjust. Protesting car companies that make self driving cars because they don't like an already existing set of laws is just misguided at best, and intellectually dishonest at worst. Consent isn't required for data collection that is necessary for the service to work. However, you have to be prepared to defend in court that it IS necessary. As such, trackers in 3rd-party advertising network code probably won't count as necessary; it's necessary for the ad network, but it is not necessary for the website displaying the advertisements, as proven by ad-blockers. Likewise, the facebook like button and other "plugin" components aren't "necessary", they merely add value to the existing content / features, and must therefor be entirely opt-in. At least, that's my understanding, which is entirely too facile to be taken as legal advice. EDIT: As petercooper pointed out below, in addition to proving necessity, you must still also prove in court that you have balanced the necessity against users' rights and interests. As such, I no longer feel confident to say I even have a clue as to what is legal and what is not, for FB or for anyone else, until there's a big enough court case to set precedent. I don't think the GDPR's "necessary to work" clause considers profit models. I believe, (again, IANAL) that "necessary to work" is really "necessary for a feature to function"; how a company derives revenue from the service doesn't come into account. It would be interesting to see revenue as a necessity be tested in court, since there are open-source social networks that don't rely on user tracking or data sales to the extent that Facebook does it. Actually, filming entrance and exits is probably necessary for them to have insurance against theft, which probably is necessary for them to continue operating. Further, some stores put locks on items and displays that others do not. These are also required for the store to continue offering such services. You, as an individual, may not have undermined the store. However, you, as an individual among many, may be the reason why certain stores are not able to function as other stores do. EDIT: to clarify my point, I don't think the GDPR takes how revenue is obtained into account. The revenue model itself must still conform to user consent. The analogy of Walmart to ad-blockers is interesting, though slightly off when one behavior is illegal and the other is not. Unfortunately, if I run an ad targeting 18-24 year old males in New York City, and my ad manages to collect IP addresses, I have effectively purchased information about anyone who sees my ad. It's certainly not a complete profile, and may have ranges of categorizations (i.e. 18-24 years old) BUT as an advertiser, I probably wouldn't need or want data more specific than that anyway. Interesting... the "necessity" test was what I was referring to for "necessary to work". However, I wasn't aware of the "balancing" test. Also, does Facebook's ad network really constitute "direct marketing"? I had imagined that to be more of an email blast about a new FB feature, rather than collect-your-usage-data-and-sell-marketing-slots-to-you. Now that I type that out, I guess it does make more sense. However, I really am not a big fan of the common-law approach to the "balancing" test. Basically, whoever has the most money and faces the most lenient judge wins. Everyone else is left guessing what the hell is legal and what isn't, when a clear set of rules would be much easier to fairly apply to everyone. Isn't this the crux of the issue? Why would current tax payers volunteer to pay more so that more people can come into their neighborhood, devaluing their property by increasing noise, light and chemical pollution? It's curious to me that so many people complain about gentrification in terms of destroying the nature of an existing community, but then we also have so many complaints about zoning laws that are designed to protect the visible characteristics of communities. That depends heavily on where you go. My high school only offered German and Spanish. I think a few years after I graduated they added either Japanese or Chinese, though that's because our school district was growing significantly year over year. If you're not in a large school district / large city, your options as a student in a public school (and most private ones) are quite limited indeed. > A team of archaeologists, historians, and climate scientists have constructed a history of Rome’s lead pollution, which allows them to approximate Mediterranean economic activity from 1,100 b.c. to 800 a.d. I think that better explains the broad span of time. Then again, if you were writing for an audience 1300 years in the future with little to no genuine knowledge of our time period (other than popular myth and oral tradition) that probably wouldn't be a bad year to start with, since that's not terribly long after major explorations to the West from Europe (Columbus "discovered" the Bahamas around 1492). Edit: formatting of the quote I'm literally going through a purchase of a home on 5 acres, riverfront, workshop and pole barn for ~$300k, within commuting distance to a large midwest metro area. $300 is the purchase price, not the mortgage. Salaries around here for skilled software engineers are typically $100-150k, depending on years of experience and field. A friend of mine in the same area is working remotely for a major SV company making $175k. For the love of whatever you consider to be holy, don't think that the SV lifestyle and cost of living are representative of the country as a whole. 1) The correlation between the content people peruse and the products people buy is pretty poor. Take a news site with an article about school shootings- what related content would they advertise? Guns? Back to school supplies? Without knowing why a person is on a page, it's difficult to understand what related products might appeal to them. 2) Tracking user behavior is fairly important to implement click fraud detection- obviously that doesn't justify shady behavior on the part of ad networks, nor does it necessitate the in-depth amount of personally identifying information they may or may not collect. However, some forms of that data- think IP addresses, click history- may be useful. 3) If you already have some data per point 2, why would you waste an opportunity to display something meaningful by putting up an ad that might be completely irrelevant given what you happen to know already? None of this is meant to justify targeted ads, only to explain why they have better appeal to both content providers and ad networks. The problem is, the "balancing test", a subjective measure of the users interest against the legitimate interest, may still cancel out the exemption. It's completely subjective, which may or may not be a good thing depending on the mood of the regulator, court, and your opinion of rule by common law. Considering the etymology (Greek) and meaning (to reveal, as in the prophesies coming to pass), your point should come as no surprise (it is the book of Revelations, after all). In fact, I become silently irked when I see the word "apocalypse" used in a non-biblical sense, though I am not a religious person. To be honest, most "anti-tax" people are fine with the theory, but don't trust that it will be well managed and, more importantly, preserved for lean times. Too often surpluses are immediately funneled to special projects that we could have been better off without. The "pro-tax" people in my area are also generally against this sort of thing, because they want nothing more than to take more money and spend it on special constituencies. For example, my state passed a sales tax that was sold to us as a way to better preserve our parks, wild lands and cultural heritage. About 19% has gone to the DNR, which means less actually went to the stated cause. The rest is being funneled to art projects that are poorly received and utilized. Mind you, this is in a state that's very pro-taxation, and otherwise very liberal. We have a federal, not national, government. National percentages of votes earned are meaningless. I'm not saying that's good or bad, but that's what it is. So are most pro-tax people, they're just pro-tax-everyone-else. Our governor is filthy rich, campaigned on raising the taxes on the one percent, and yet none of the taxes he wanted would have affected his trust fund income. What a surprise. "What is the best career advice you’ve ever received? Odds are it wasn’t from an annual performance review." I guess the odds were in my favor. Where did you get those numbers? I was under the impression that each $10k on a 30 year loan was roughly $70 / month, depending on your interest rates and property taxes. If $40 / month is what you can expect from electricity savings, it's an absolutely awful investment. My mother had it done. Side effects are mostly limited to eyes so dry she needed her ducts plugged to retain fluid and no/ limited night driving due to halos. With all of that said, compared to the coke bottle glasses she had before, I don't think she would have done anything differently. Me, I can still comfortably wear contacts (astigmatism is mild enough) so she suggested that I not get it. YMMV I wonder at what point the number of domains and subdomains that you can log into becomes its own phishing vector. At least with most services, you can look in the URL and pretty quickly know whether or not you're in the right place! It's entirely possible that within a year or two, it won't be state of the art at all, if the hype around 5g wireless speeds and bandwidth are to be believed. Spending a significant amount of money on something that requires a significant install and maintenance (trenching bedrock, cut lines) when there are potential solutions just around the corner seems to me like bad policy. I'm sure that there are other, more effective uses the government could put that money towards. Maybe the most efficient and beneficial thing for Boulder would be to not take on more debt, I don't know. Just don't be too quick to assume that all expenses and public works projects are net positives. I got a Dell XPS 13 from work and it's got nothing on my surface book. Even Linux support is better, though the difference largely comes down to multi monitor over DP vs USB-C. Honest question: what do you love about the touch bar? I tried used one for almost a year, and never used the touch bar once. I was forced to use an external keyboard because I needed a tactile physical escape key (caps was already taken by Ctrl or cmd, I forget which). Throwing it in a git repository ensures that every person who clones it can readily republish it. Hosting said repository on Github, when anticipating an utterly massive spike in traffic, is an easy way to not have to pay for said spike in traffic (either from provisioning or data transfer). I didn't look at what format the "database" is in, or if the size would make it (im)practical to simply zip it up and email it around, but if the format isn't readily consumable by non-technical people, there wouldn't be any reason to not utilize a tool like git anyway. Git itself was a bit of a red herring, even though it was somewhat relevant to that specific point. I know nothing about what hosting platform the author is currently using, so to make a quick assumption: - hosting on AWS is not free for super high traffic (assuming the free tier can't keep up) - serving files from S3 is not free (though it's cheap enough at low read levels, it adds up) At a typical level of traffic, the author's current host may be sufficiently inexpensive. Assuming the author was assuming many, many times the usual traffic (even if everyone is kind enough to bare clone), it would be a pointless expense. Of course, third party hosting can take the content down... and this is where git became relevant. Assuming the author was more interested in distributing the content than the prestige of being the distributor, even though Github etc. took down the repo, every person who has since cloned is now capable of re-publishing to any new upstream repository of their choosing, on any server. Assuming, again, that all of this was the goal, it probably made sense to utilize the free, fast, scalable third party hosting as long as possible rather than risk self-hosting slowing down or collapsing under traffic, or creating a massive spike in cost. That's a whole boat load of assumptions, any of which could be wrong. In the realm of possible motivations, though, I think it's a fairly logical conclusion. I have an original surface book, and linux works more or less flawlessly. Running arch right now, and the only thing that didn't work out of the box was the touch screen. Fortunately, I never use touch screens for anything anyway! The only interesting thing was getting dual booting set up. I goofed. I didn't realize bitlocker was on, encrypting the hard drive, and apparently didn't have a recovery key, which you apparently need if any boot setting is touched at all. As a result, I had to wipe + re-install the whole system, but that was no great loss since everything I really needed was backed up anyway. In fact, I've had fewer problems running arch on the surface book than with my work's dell xps 13, though I'll admit that most of those troubles are due to the dell's USB-C port and linux support in USB-C docks / hubs. I pay $30 / month for my phone bill. That's it. I don't use a lot of cell data, but I have more than enough for some light streaming, GPS, price checking, etc. When I'm not at home or the office (on wifi). Oh, and there's no arbitrary limitation on tethering either. Yes, competition is delightful, but sometimes you actually have to try. In this case, the differentiator between my current option and the lower cost ones is the level of cell service living out in the sticks (aka 45 minutes out of the metro area). More would be nice, but rural life typically has fewer options. That is really changing though, on all fronts, as technology does. Maybe it's a Wisconsin thing? Renovations to Lambeau Field in Green Bay were paid for by a voter-approved sales tax in Brown County. Wisconsin also loves to use property taxes for various things, which is how it gets away with being slightly lower-taxed than neighboring MN while having a similar quality of life. This is the first time I've ever heard of jquery mobile described as fast, and I used to work for a medium sized consultancy / agency (as in upwards of 50 front-end devs) that did a lot of projects with it. In fact, I don't really recall anyone speaking positively at all; at best it was a necessary evil. "We actually have very little "highly interactive" parts of our site" That should have been your determining factor as to whether or not a SPA was appropriate. We've had the opposite experience; our new react SPA is noticibly faster than our current rails site, but it is due to the nature of the pages, not "X is always Y compared to Z" For me, that generation also did not have access to kale, quinoa, or avocados. Bananas and oranges were a rare treat, because getting them fresh was utterly impractical and expensive where they lived. One side were farmers, the other lower class city folk who got their chickens in cans, and had to over cook pork until it would shatter if you dropped it just to be sure that it was safe to eat. That generation grew up without refridgeration; there was very little in the way of fresh foos during winter months as everything had to be preserved in cans or dried. I for one ame glad for our modern food supply. "unlike yesterday's titans, the newest of generation billionaires don’t have histories likely to assuage popular resentment." Basically sums up the article. It's just another class warfare screed, full of half truths and misdirection. Google's Closure compiler [1] has been around forever (the Java version, anyway). There used to be a separate linter, but now it's wrapped into the compiler using the flag `--jscomp_warnings=lintChecks` Given the number of other tools in my workflow that are all JS based (webpack, etc.) I don't use it, but I've heard good things from people who have. [1] https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ Depends on where you are. My nearest major city council has a member that gets paid just shy of 100k a year and misses roughly a third of the meetings. Great job if you can get it. Your analogy doesn't hold for me. Small house, 5 acres, pond, river, rural countryside. If I walk down the street, the most dangerous things I can expect are deer, or if I'm very unlucky, a bobcat. When I lived in the nearby urban cities, I could walk down the street and the most dangerous things I have faced in the past were people on crack, with weapons, wanting money. If I had been less fortunate, it would have been a gang that split open a neighbor's skull over a stolen CD. Nothings perfect, but I'll take the country life any day. While you should certainly have a healthy savings account for emergencies, these stories are always the exception. Thousands upon thousands of claims are filed every day, and they aren't ending up with this level of pain. Heck, when I had a tree fall on my house, the mortgage company was a bigger pain in the arse than the insurance company was to deal with. They came out, took some pictures, asked me to get a quote to fix it, and sent me a check in the mail. Similar thing happened to me with car insurance. And, while I ended up paying more than I would have liked to get my gal bladder removed, that was largely because I bought a high deductible health insurance plan and knew that was a potential outcome. The command failed, with a clear error message, and a direct instruction on exactly how to redolve it. That is good UX. Your example boils down to not knowing the word "upstream". I would argue that is table stakes domain knowledge for decentralized version control, and is trivially easy to search for. That does not make bad UX. Good UX does not eliminate the need for domain knowledge, it eliminates incidental complexity from a user's task, and one could argue makes a tool pleasant to use. I don't disagree that there are rough edges to git (the debate over merge vs rebase is a glaring example), but "just plain terrible in every way" is gross hyperbole. But it doesn't know what you intended. It's guessing . The consequences of guessing incorrectly could be very, very bad, as you are pushing your code to a remote host. Again, the whole point of git is that it is decentralized; there is no requirement that you have one single central server that you are pushing to; there could easily be multiple places that you might want to push something to. Using something as default that makes sense for a centralized VCS when git is not centralized is, imho, worse than bad UX, as it teaches incorrect assumptions. Again, this is table-stakes knowledge for using decentralized version control. My anecdotal experience has been the opposite. Electrical service is on par, but the customer service at xcel far eclipses the coop I'm currently stuck with. Its not even a close comparison in terms of responsiveness, clear communication, and transparency of services and pricing offered. Xcel also heavily invests in alternative energy sources. Perhaps by watching lots of home videos on the internet or TV of people hauling massive tiered wedding cakes around, only to drop them or for a tier to give out and the whole thing to fall over? As pretty and traditional as they are, they aren't nearly as practical to cut for a large crowd, especially once it's fallen on the ground, and nothing tops off the single largest event you'll host and pay for in your life like disappointing all of your guests. You are trying to use a universal solution to a specific problem. Furthermore, visible homelessness is often a presenting symptom of other, non-homelessness problems. Look no further than San Fransisco or Seattle for how little throwing money at something will change the outcome. Or, look at the education system in Washington DC- highest expenditure per pupil, with sub-par results. Giving everyone for an undefined, but definitely finte, period a lump sum of cash will certainly help a small number of people. Others will not leverage the windfall and will once again be destitute when the charity ends. What do we do then? I would rather have a more systematic solution [edit: set of solutions] to help people whenever they are in need, rather than a blanket solution. Some arguments I've seen boil down to "well, let's do both!" at which point all they are arguing for is sticking with the same broken system, but throwing more money on top of it. It doesn't change the fact that what we have isn't working, and isn't going to be solved by further crippling the middle class (since "the rich" typically adjust income strategies whenever taxes change, they're not going to be affected in the way "tax the rich" folk expect). Based on my association with welfare workers (and one in particular that specifically works with the homeless) "visible" homelessness is most frequently a result of mental illness and / or drug abuse (which renders a person roughly at the same capability level as if they had mental illness). Throwing money at them won't change their condition so much as providing treatment for the underlying cause that allowed them to become "degenerate" as you say. Unfortunately, many have no desire to accept treatment- either they feel they don[t need it, don't want it (hard to give up drugs) or fear repercussions of accepting treatment (i.e. come under close scrutiny, lose freedom, get locked away, etc). The sort of homelessness that is harder to "see", so to speak- and that's the sort of people who are temporarily out of a job and lost their home, or suffered a medical setback, or what have you. Sometimes, money is enough for them to get back on their feet. Other times, they simply lack the financial skills necessary to make wise money decisions (aka have a savings account built up for emergencies) and could also benefit from financial training to avoid landing right back in the same situation again. No matter how you look at it, a tailored solution is more effective than throwing money at people, because the problem you see isn't necessarily the root problem that needs to be addressed. I think you're way over-estimating what a realistic ability to predict outcomes will be. I'm reminded of back when I worked in agency land, and clients would ask us to build something to "go viral" back when going viral was a new concept. They assumed it was as easy as just saying "make it so". Of course, it's never that easy to know that it will catch on. How exactly do you make something that is fun, engaging, and rewarding enough to encourage regular use, but not fun, engaging or rewarding enough to abuse? Seriously, if you can answer that question, you're sitting on a gold mine of knowledge. I've found the same to be true for mentoring junior programmers. Those who treat it as just a job rarely advance their abilities. Those who are genuinely interested in learning grew. I've always disliked the verb "teach" because it implies that it is something I can do to you, when really all I can do is nurture, facilitate or provide a framework for you to learn. Protesters are routinely arrested (in the US) for things like blocking traffic, unlawfully carrying weapons or other safety issues, not because they are voicing disagreement with "the man". Blocking someone is neither policing nor punishing, it's simply ignoring; actual censorship still falls to the platform itself. Wait, we're calling S3, Firebase and any sort of metered charge scheme (aka pay per usage) "serverless" now? That's news to me, I've apparently been using serverless since I started programming as a full-time career 10 years ago! Here I thought most of those were just "cloud" services or "third party APIs". I probably should have added a `/s` somewhere in my post; my internal sense of "this doesn't sound right" is coming from a desire to enforce a distinction between "cloud", "API" and "serverless". To my mind, serverless is exclusively limited to FaaS or similar means of deploying code without visibility of the underlying server it runs on . S3 isn't about code deployment, it's a third-party API that stores data. EC2, docker et. al. at least have instances of servers you see, even if you automate away the management portion- that makes them cloudy, but not serverless. Maybe my understanding of serverless is completely at odds with what the industry is, and if so I have learned something new and am chuffed. Tech salaries in Minneapolis and the surrounding area aren't terrible if you're reasonably qualified and do some digging- think low $100k and up. The rents seem absurd to me- $1300 for a one bedroom apartment? - but that's because I grew up in a town where a two bedroom apartment above a quiet store would cost $450 a month, tops. Yeah, I think it was near the twins stadium, and was brand new, so it was probably inflated a bit compared to what you would get if you looked around. Regardless, I now have a 2k mortgage for multiple acres, waterfront, and no congestion, city noise, smells or lights. It's bliss if you don't mind the occasional snake or bear. I think that build out has been going on since at least 2004, at least around the University. Plenty of luxury student apartments around there with even more inflated prices for the value. Even in the suburbs, sketchy one bedrooms were 900-1000 last I had looked, though I was limited in options because I had a small dog. I ended up going way out to savage to get one for 700 / month back in 2010 The key point isn't the BMW, it's the unspecified distress. Lives could literally be on the line, and a fast response might make a difference. Price to build and run, followed by public perception. A good chunk of cost is safety regulation; until smaller and cheaper reactors are efficient (and with less catastrophic failure modes) come into play, natural gas will out-compete nuclear 9 times out of 10. Sadly, too little research is going into nuclear, largely due to public perception; plants that use thorium or recycle waste have a ton of promise but little public interest. Meanwhile, Germany needs to find out what to do with about a third of their wind turbines in the next few years, as they're about to hit end of life and the parts are difficult or impossible to reuse and recycle. Not to mention the environmental consequences of solar and wind production, but hey, chromium and cadmium poisoning doesn't sound as scary as a mushroom cloud irradiating half the country. "How could I know - how could anybody know - that her death wish was not a sign of her psychiatric disease? The fact that one can rationalise about it, does not mean it's not a sign of the disease," Words cannot express how grateful I am that suicide was not an endorsed or approved option for me in my younger years. I have 5 chronic diagnoses all considered separate (physical and mental) but in truth there is some underlying correlation between them. The first thing I tackled was my sleep disorder, followed by being aggressive about reducing the stresses in my life that I could control. The sleep bit was more controlling routine than medicine- pretty much ever sleep pill was worthless for one reason or another. It took a few years, but finally I was art a point where I could comfortably cope with everything but any sort of long term stress would bring back depression and anxiety. Lexapro has been amazing in that regard. Ultimately, friends, family, and the private shame of how selfish my thoughts were kept me going, forcing a discipline, reducing stress, a few months of therapy and now medicine, and I feel like I haven't in 15 years. The particular truths sought matter less for most jobs than the amount of research and critical thinking along the way. Sadly, as has been pointed out, the humanities have become a monoculture of thought and encourage rote initiation into the groupthink, rather than independent research and analysis. Of course, that won't get you most STEM jobs, but it would have a lot more practical application, and therefore economic value, for most other white collar jobs- at least compared to the current degrees. It's not unique. I've worked in large teams with benevolent dictators (who were open to feedback and suggestion), and large teams where everyone wanted to be at the same level. In the latter scenario, generating momentum is damned difficult, as everyone is trying to herd cats to their own priorities. Smaller teams in that regard can be more flexible / nimble, as there are fewer total competing priorities, but that isn't to say that it is always true in either direction. Programming software is a pretty substantial difference from computer science, and (at least when I went to school) there was in fact very little in the way of courses that would prepare you for a job doing either web or mobile development. Instead, you would learn all of the things that went into compilers, databases, and then optionally pick a specialized path such as AI, fluid dynamics modelling or what have you. The strongest direct use of maths was probably algebra until you focused on some of the more specialized fields. This is among the reasons, I think, why such a huge percentage of software programmers I met didn't even have a 4 year degree; it simply wasn't a practical requirement for baseline skill like you would expect from other careers. A simpler explanation is that BMW doesn't want to be legally liable if a car crashes but the special sensor algorithm reports it as a break-in, or vice versa. After all, they're just sensors, and they're still just guessing. Far better for them to report "something is wrong" than to file a false report. Depends on where you live. Within very easy driving distance from me (or a rigorous bicycle ride) are farmers markets that, put together, are open from 8:30AM to 6:30PM. If you're working the second shift (lucky you, I only ever got first or third) you'll have no problem being able to get to one of those at least once a week. Toll roads, long driving, competition and dealing with parking and paying to set up in a high-demand area are all problems farmers face at large city markets. Go almost anywhere else and you'll indeed be surprised. Of the companies I've worked at, my favorite setup was: * people manager dealt with people issues * technical reviews performed by senior technical people (under the same people manager, or cross teams if noone else is at the same / higher level) * technical review is a part of the people manager's management responsibility: is it done on time, is the reviewee satisfied with the content and criticism of the review, etc. This prevented a lot of personal opinion blight from influencing technical reviews- aka avoided subjective criticism from being part of the review score, focused instead on more objective metrics. The time and place for subjective criticism and discussion is in planning and in-situ reviews (aka pull / merge requests), not formal reviews. That's my experience at least; the particular managers I had at that company (3 over 7 years) also happened to be excellent people on the whole. A bad people manager is, of course, just as bad as a bad technical manager. Do you mean 100mg / kg, like the parent was talking about? 100mg total would be roughly 1mg / kg for my body weight. Worker pay is a function of the available supply of people capable and willing to work the job and the opportunity cost of not filling the position. The opportunity cost of not filling a low paying job is generally quite low. Likewise, the wages for such jobs vary quite a bit, moreso than cost-of-living differences would account for. If you want to price wages based on some moral virtue, you will risk losing investors, or hurt poor people (aka your customers) by raising prices. In your scenario, it isn't Walmart that's being subsidized, it's a community with so many people desperate for work but not qualified enough to get a better job that they're willing to take a job that doesn't pay enough. Seriously? A glimmer? TV is a wasteland of shows glorifying the lives of the wealthy. There's even an entire genre of reality TV called "Real Housewives of...". Or, you know, the Kardashians, who literally multiplied their net worth by filming a TV show about their wealthy, drama filled lives... There certainly are. Some of them might even have the experience that would lead the board to believe that they could do it successfully. What's the point? CEO positions should be chosen by random lottery? The company either offered a large enough chunk of money to attract the most talented / experienced individual they could, or Doug negotiated strongly enough to convince them that hiring him to CEO would be worth paying him that much. > Our system is rigged to require people to work That is a very strange thing to say following a comment about natural law, considering there is nothing about nature that guarantees you a right to live. Rather, specialization of economy and and social safety nets means that it's a hell of a lot easier to survive working even a low paying job than it is to try otherwise. As it stands right now, even if you taxed 100% of the income reported by the top 1% of earners, we might not close the government's budget gap, let alone expand the government's budget to guarantee survival for all citizens (not to mention the economic chaos that would result in taxing 100% of all income earned by anyone). > is not far from what was implemented in the USA back in the mid 20th century, to no apparent detrimental effect on the economy. I was merely trying to make a point, not suggesting that it was something someone wanted to do. However, you may be interested in some light reading. http://teachinghistory.org/history-content/ask-a-historian/2... https://taxfoundation.org/taxes-rich-1950-not-high/ There were "no apparent detrimental effects" because so very few people actually paid those taxes. Part of the problem with the soak-the-rich idea is that they're the ones who can readily adjust their wealth strategies if taxes on, say, earned income rise to obscene levels. Not much different than sin taxes (alcohol, tobacco, etc), though probably even more effective at discouraging behavior. Heck, I knew a couple who would retire for a few years, work for a few years, retire for a few years. Sometimes it was for fun, sometimes just a reaction to an increase or decrease in local / state/ federal taxes. As an engineer involved in the hiring process at two different companies, it's rather depressing how many people outright lie on their resume about what they know or what experience they have. We certainly weren't looking for imaginary unicorns, but we also couldn't afford to train someone who sent in a code sample in a MS word doc that was full of syntax errors... To be honest, I would treat them as a wishlist. If you've got a solid handle on at least some of the requirements, it literally won't hurt to apply. More often than not, those job requirements are not written by the person who is doing the hiring, or the people you will be working with. Just be honest about what you know, what areas you are willing to grow in, and what excites you about the job position. Some companies "hire only the best". A good company for a junior developer will look for a person's "trajectory"- i.e. is a person willing and worth investing in to help them grow. > The person who sent in the MS word doc was a CS/Engineering graduate with significant experience in respectable companies? Hard to believe. This is a bit of a fun story to tell in person; this was the same person who claimed to be the second coming of Christ, and tried suing us for religious discrimination when we didn't hire him. Fortunately for us, the people in the interview didn't respond to his claims at all, didn't mention it in the feedback we gave him when we declined to hire him, and (edit: the company) lost only lawyer fees fighting the lawsuit. That said, hiring is damned expensive, and I have a hard time faulting companies who make the process difficult for potential candidates. Firing a bad hire can be just as or more expensive than hiring them in the first place. I agree with your overall points- especially with regard to respecting your candidates time. You do need to verify that the relevant information they provide is correct however. You wouldn't make a significant investment in finances, buying a car, marrying someone, or go into business with someone if you didn't trust that you have a decent understanding of what you're getting into. Then again, if you do, it's a lesson you'll learn rather quickly. Respect yes, blind trust no. Imperial units are used because they're generally easier to relate to and use than the metric counterparts- simpler divisors, that sort of thing. It's the same reason we have 24 hours, 60 minutes, 60 seconds. Even if you don't agree with that statement, it's what people who prefer imperial units will say, not that there's some mass delusion / patriotic identity. Biologic drugs are grown, not manufactured. Mine should be around 4k / dose; insurance won't cover it, so the drug company only charges me I think a $25 copay. Fwiw, the insurance would have covered older alternatives, but the potential side effects on those are worse than the cure. Should be in the sense that I don't recall the specific number, only that it was around $4k. Given the decreased consistency in the process (living things vs. mixing chemicals), I imagine a fairly good chunk of that 4k is also marginal cost to the manufacturer. Everything from research, to scaling up production, to storage and shipping (spoils at room temp) becomes more expensive. Nothing happened because it's very difficult to assess damages of personal information. For example, if a health insurer the size of Equifax lost the equivalent amount of HIPAA related information due to negligence, you can sure bet there would be penalties. That's because HIPAA related info has legally defined protections. As it is, calculating the damages of releasing your equifax info is a speculative guess at best, which is why at most you got to lock access or ID fraud protection. We actually have employer sponsored health insurance because of unions, and the effect that has had on the insurance market is part of why insurance on the individual market is so dang expensive. Not entirely, as it's expensive no matter how you get it, but it is a factor. Heck, the Affordable Care Act ruined a lot of insurance policies held by union members because they covered too much. My best friend's employer was stuck with the Faustian choice of massive increases to employee contributions, paying massive penalties to the government, or renegotiating for shittier coverage. Unless you live in MN, where they push tthrough legislation so they can take medicare money from disabled people. https://www.forbes.com/sites/mattpatterson/2017/10/02/in-min... Reading through the author's blog (links found further below) it would seem that on more than one occasion the author didn't receive credit, which presumably makes it harder to find new jobs. The author's blog is also full of anti-social comments, which would sound awfully melodramatic if I didn't have personal experience with depression. Regardless, it is a public expression that she's going to be a fairly toxic person to work with, which is almost certainly working against her in the job hunt. I've owned both, and the brand-new front loader I just got is definitely worse in several areas with regard to collecting water. The door gasket is pretty bad (not sloped well enough for water to completely drain away from it), but it's also got a pull-out tray for detergent which also collects quite a bit of water each time. I did have a top-loader that got a bit musty smelling, though that was largely my own fault- living alone as a bachelor at the time (infrequent use) and habitually starting a load late at night only to fall asleep before I took it out. If the rebate were offered, without a legal requirement, most or all companies would probably provide the benefit, since it's basically free for them and they'd lose candidate recruits to their competitors otherwise. Same happened at the first company I worked full time at... Woman came in for her interview, 7 months pregnant, and was hired. She was a great hire for the company, and stayed about as long as I did (6 or 7 years)... We definitely would have been worse off if we were short-sighted enough to not hire her just because of that. There was a very small detail that was almost overlooked in the article- it seemed like they were planning on keeping their more senior engineers and fire their junior ones. > The tipping point came in January, when management offered additional stock to a handful of high-level male engineers, including Westergard. Employees suspected Lanetix planned to fire lower-level female engineers, ... On the one hand, this sounds to me like they're probably struggling financially, and the unionization efforts would have put them in a worse spot. This is pure speculation, however, because the article kept focusing on the gender of the employees. Maybe that really is the story, but so many details were left out to focus on the narrative that we won't know without better journalism. That the firing of the whole staff was stupid and illegal was not in doubt, which is why I didn't really bother addressing it. Rather, I wish the article had bothered to answer your question. I can hypothesize all day that they were in financial trouble and making rash decisions as a result, but the author didn't bother trying to find the truth, only present a narrative. The origin of the education doesn't matter so much as the implied lack of real-world experience. I'd hazard a guess that a third of the engineers I've worked with had a CS degree, and in the world of web and mobile there aren't many places that matters. On the other hand, bootcamps in particular teach you a basic grasp of the "in" technologies that will look good on a resume. Having a few on your team is often a good thing. Having too many, or having too pressing of a deadline to properly mentor them is a terrible thing for everyone involved. My point was that, without knowing the management's perspective, it's entirely possible that gender was merely a coincidence of having senior males available, and hiring junior females either because they were the best available or the company wanted to look diverse. Perhaps they were flagging and needed to cut the junior developers so the senior developers could focus on getting back on track. Either way, it's impossible to know, because without more details all we are left with is the agenda of an author who isn't interested in presenting the truth (or providing sufficient evidence to support it). Edit: consider the following scenario: you have a team of male developerd; maybe they were friends when they pitched the idea for a product to you. After a few months, there's a big backlog, and they want to hire junior developers to train and take off some of the pressure. To embrace diversity, you hire a bunch of women who recently graduated from a boot camp to round out your all white male staff. Fast forward a year. Everyone has become a tight knit team, but the pressure to deliver mounts. Instead of getting faster, they're all bogged down with refactors and endless pull request revisions of things that aren't working out. You are running out of money, so you decide to cut the junior developers, and try to bribe the senior devs with some of the cost savings to make up for all the extra hours they'll now be working. Uh oh! You're only firing the women! They all band together, oblivious to the fact that you literally won't be able to keep them all on. I'm not saying this is what happened. What happened could have been pure sexism and anti-labor mentality. BUT pushing such an agenda without KNOWING that is the case here doesn't do anyone any favors. that's the point; it isn't at all. It is, in fact, pure speculation based on information that is missing from the article. The fact that the article is missing such important information could be because it's not available, or it might not fit the author's agenda. The company is very clearly in the wrong here; I'm taking issue with the heavy handedness of forcing gender into a story that, based on the evidence presented, could easily be a clear cut labor issue. What is there to be skeptical about regarding the management? We know nothing about their motives, only a few facts. Without the remaining facts, or their perspective, there's nothing to be skeptical about. I've tried to be clear that I'm open to the possibility that this really is about sexism. I don't think that exclusively presenting one side of the story will lead us to the truth, though. Personal anecdata: every company I've worked at would have been worse off (and worse to work at) if the developers had been unionized. I've also avoided working anywhere that thinks you can only be professional if you're wearing a button down shirt and / or a tie, so I don't doubt that some places might benefit. Edit: to be clear, I've never advocated for a union, and I doubt I ever will so long as I am fortunate enough to choose my employer, rather than the other way around. This is why, I am guessing, so many tech workers don't bother attempting to unionize. At each of the companies I've worked at in this field, management and developers had a close and healthy relationship. Introducing collective bargaining would only have created an artificial distance between individuals. One company stands out as a good example. Great benefits, sub par pay. They actively solicited feedback on a regular basis, and at one point gave out near universal raises when they introduced pay bands. They also realized that limited vacation but unlimited sick time was being abused by a minority, and changed to a PTO system that was far more fair to the majority of employees. He'll, one of them had paid "overtime" even though we were salaried (havent had to work more than 40 at any of the others). In short, we got everything we needed, and it has been fair. Some employees individually bargained for more time off, or for work from home time, or higher pay. Some were put on performance plans and improved, some were let go (and some not nearly soon enough). IMHO, collectively bargaining contracts at any of those places would have been less successful at making everyone happy. A union could bargain for that, true. But, when you've already got it, there's a real concern that starting one will make difficult the already good relationship with management. I think in that case I would be better off putting the money in savings than paying into dues. Isn't there already one? I seem to recall that it mostly works, just much more slowly than the java version Edit: here you go: https://www.npmjs.com/package/google-closure-compiler Perhaps editing could then be a product sold to the researcher, rather than a reason to yield publishing rights to a single journal. I know several people (i.e. 3 of my grandparents) who lived jobless that long or longer. At least half of their retirement years, they were physically and mentally incapable of holding their previous jobs, or even the most menial unskilled jobs. One had half his body paralyzed by a stroke, and you couldn't really tell how much understanding he had of the world around him when he was alert. The other two had forms of alzheimer's that, eventually, left them occasionally speaking czech instead of english (they moved to the USA as children) and not recognizing their own children. The first sign they needed full-time care was when we caught one of them overdosing on ibuprofin- get a headache, take some, forget, take more, repeat. That, and leaving the gas stove on for hours. I fully agree that the retirement age should start increasing, but there's definitely a point of diminishing returns. We may be living longer as a whole, but our physiology hasn't caught up enough to trust that those extra years can be spent making economically valuable contributions to society. It worked well enough for me when I was younger, though I wasn't living in SF. Not really. Everyone else who worked their longer, or had more experience elsewhere, got paid more, typically with a different job title. Another job that was more uniform was in a factory, where I was making roughly $12 / hour. Not only was it unskilled labor, but those jobs were slowly disappearing as lines were being replaced with fully automated systems that only needed a third, at most, of the people to run them. Any effort to raise wages or unionize would merely ensure that the remaining lines were replaced sooner rather than later. Therein lies the problem with trying to "solve" unskilled work. It's easier to automate, and there's more people capable of doing it. Given that often means that supply exceeds demand, wages are inevitably going to stay low, or the jobs will simply evaporate. In what way would universal income eliminate shortages of generic drugs? Welcome to being self employed. When you run a business by yourself, every hour not worked is money lost. No PTO, no sick days, no breaks... you're always wondering how much money any given activity is costing you, from doing dishes and laundry to going to a bar with friends to whatever. It's certainly not a millennial thing at all. 500k a month now could turn into little to nothing if he were to take a two week holiday and his fan base lost interest (conceivably). That's a very uncharitable assumption. At a previous company, where I was involved in the hiring process, 'culture fit' almost always was either shorthand for perceived work ethic or lack of ambition. We were primarily concerned with two things: where are you now in your abilities, and where do you aspire to be in your career? You don't need "culture fit" as an excuse to not hire someone you don't want to. If a hiring manager has an illegal bias, there are plenty of ways to avoid hiring a particular candidate. From the article: 1- the European ice age eliminated almost all of the edible insects in the continent, meaning it's never been a good idea there 2- they live in and on rot and decay, and are otherwise unsanitary We like meat from animals because it can be butchered without too much contamination. We dislike non-meaty textures- heck, I won't eat chicken feet not only because of the texture, but because what do you think chickens walk around all day in? Sure, there's limited exceptions- pork cracklins and tripe, though most westerners also refuse to eat those as well. The comparison to crustaceans is unfair, since most people don't eat the shells of lobsters or crabs, only the fleshy bits. Ultimately, barring some seafood and small game, we're conditioned to not eat the entire animal at once, only the parts that appeal to us. Meat on its own, guts and other soft bits in sausage, bones for broth. Eating insects invariably means that what you eat looks like what it is- an animal. The article goes on to sing the praises of eating insects- good protein, environmentally friendly, cheap, so on and so forth. That sounds nice, but it doesn't change the appeal of eating an animal whole, or thinking about that same animal living its entire life among a pile of rotten food and poop. Significantly less so. You can find it, but finding someone who would go out of their way to eat it far less so. It's largely a generational thing. My grandparents made head cheese (not actually cheese) and blood sausage. Pig's feet and all sorts of other body parts make up a lot of old traditional cuisine, but it's largely disappeared from our diet. Part of that has to do with the fact that it was largely seen as "poor people" food, and partly because you can get a whole lot more meat than you can feet or other body parts from any given animal. I've a number of friends who moved to my area from Taiwan and Korea, and am well aware of what authentic foods from those countries can be like (including the love of chicken feet). Glad to hear that there's a sanitary way to cook the feet, but the texture was what really killed it for me. I'm a long way from any ocean, so I've never been a big seafood kindof person; texture and flavor of things like beef tongue, squid, octopus and catfish all throw me off as well. Jellyfish wasn't too bad, but I don't think I'd eat it again. Edit: I guess my point was that I'll try anything once, so I'm far less picky than the average American, but some things I can't bring myself to try a second time. Babel, the defacto JSX (and ES2015+ syntax) "compiler" has basically become a general purpose AST manipulation engine. Pretty much everything it actually "does" for your code is implemented as a plugin, and writing new plugins is relatively trivial if you're familiar with the AST objects and concepts. Call it macro or AST manipulation, the effect is the same; the language becomes practically infinitely malleable. The only real limits to what JS+Babel can express are those imposed by the host environment (aka DOM APIs, no manual memory mangement, etc.). To specifically address your last question regarding JSX: Code such as ` Child Contents The transformation is applied by Babel, so it's parsed from the file as a string, transformed into an AST (with the help of the JSX plugin), and re-written back out as vanilla JavaScript to be executed by your browser / server process. > "Tough on crime" was always a dog whistle to signal to (most) voters that politicians were willing to lock up minorities for comparably minor crimes. I think race in these discussions is a poor stand-in for the reality of the situation. It's convenient, because it's much more easily quantifiable than culture, and we in the US had laws calling out race until ~55 years ago. But, looking at today, cultural mores and attitudes are the more dominant factor. Even liberal Minnesota has the highest (or one of) achievement gaps in education. Part is the high influx of immigrants, which introduces a lot of second-language barriers, but not all. See https://www.twincities.com/2017/08/18/15-years-later-mn-scho... Looking at very rural, very white areas, you see very similar bad outcomes WRT education and crime. Some companies are willing to pay very good wages for workers, and are very short on staff, but cannot hire because so many of the candidates fail a drug test or won't take one. A teacher I know in rural Iowa has white children in kindergarten who know (and use) more swear words than most adults, and their parents (if they know more than one of them) have little interest in encouraging achievement in school. They'd rather blame the teacher for the child's bad behavior and grades. Tough on crime was a misguided attempt to change the culture of drugs and violence. That culture is still glorified in popular music, and fueled by poverty. It destroys the potential for hope, and so leads to more hopelessness, which fuels the culture. Yes, race plays a factor in all of this, but it's not the only factor, and I suspect (though know not where or even if it is possible to gather) that culture plays a far more significant role. I know several people who believe (or believed) in "Tough on Crime" and not one of them did so because of race, or to lock up minorities for minor crimes. They see families in their community torn apart by drugs and violence, drunk driving, and so on, and want it to stop. Edit: I read / skimmed the article, and realized it mentioned growing segregation, but failed to mention an experiment run by Eden Prairie and Minneapolis, where students could voluntarily switch schools in an effort to de-segregate. The results were that those who took advantage of the switch were black students moving from suburban to urban schools, and minority white students in urban schools going out to the suburbs. Totally irrelevant but perhaps amusing: In my American high school, I took German as a second language (yay Wisconsin). I then took Mandarin Chinese in college. Even in my fifth year, when a teacher asked me a question, I had a 50/50 chance of thinking of the answer in German first. It was utterly maddening. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to travel abroad or maintain that knowledge, so all I really remember is "ich spreche nür ein bischen deutch". That, and the day that my teacher asked me what "ich habe keine ahnung" meant, I didn't know. She had me ask another student... Imagine my frustration when the only answer was "I have no idea". In any non-politically-charged scenario, I might agree. Unfortunately, CoCs too often end up being a screen for abusers to hide behind. I have witnessed large projects adopt CoCs, then turn around and selectively apply them to people who express "wrong" ideas (either in code, issue trackers or on Twitter in unrelated discussions). In this case, I'd prefer to either have something more objective, or nothing at all for such abusive people to hide behind. Yes, they do. proposal =/= legally married; I know several people who held off a little while... either until they were out of school, or made a major purchase (such as a house, that sort of thing). Master bedroom, guest bedroom, office. It's not an unreasonable way to live at all. As a guest bedroom? A few times a year, when distant friends and relatives top by. As spare storage for seasonal clothes, decorations and so forth? Probably 1 out of every 4 days. As a hobby room for things that don't work out well in the office? Quite a few more days. As a sleeping room for pets (ferrets)? Every day. Edit: To be used as a guest bedroom, we tend to reorganize a bit (such as moving the pets to the master bedroom) but primarily we consider it the "guest bedroom". It sounds a bit nicer than "arbitrary spare room". Registration for voting varies by the state you live in. In MN, you basically just need to walk in, have someone else who is already registered vouch for you, and you can register + vote on the spot. Every attempt to firm up voter registration roles (such as proving identity, eligibility, etc) is met with cries of racism. Notice that I didn't mention a driver's license. Also, I find the argument a bit hard to believe, since the same form of ID are required for cigarettes and alcohol, which nobody complains about being racist. Finally, rural areas with difficult access to government centers are typically more white and tend to vote more Republican anyway; the disparate impact of accessibility argument is a bit disingenuous. I always assumed that was to get around the fact that so many students will try to cheat their way through school. I contemplated joining a few clubs in college, and several of them let slip that they have archives of homework other members had donated from previous years. Our school had a student congress with a much more direct working relationship with administration on behalf of the students than the union ever did. Interestingly, one of my good friends for a year was a student from France who was amazed at how much more we were getting done in classes, because we weren't constantly going on strike like he was used to. Depending on the topic, it's potentially a means to avoid plagiarism and cheating; there's only so many assignments you can squeeze out of the same textbook semester after semester, at which point you're at the mercy of students who sell their homework for quick cash. It's also possible- again, depending on the field of study- that the professor's textbooks are substantially cheaper for students than those from larger publishers. I had a few professors do just this because they were able to get special rates for the shop at the school they taught at. And yeah, it's entirely possible that your kid's professor is a jerk and ripping them off. > "By the end of July 2021, a minimum of two women must sit on boards with five members, and there must be at least three women on boards with six or more members. Companies that fail to comply face fines of $100,000 for a first violation and $300,000 for a second or subsequent violation." That would be a rather perverse incentive, since any budget surpluses could be gimmicked into new investigations into political targets. This is my biggest problem with GDPR. Noone knows how to comply with the rules, because the rules won't be understood until someone gets punished for violating them. Good intentions, imho, do not make for good laws. "In general, to be considered an “exempt” employee, you must be paid a salary (not hourly) and must perform executive, administrative or professional duties." https://www.thebalancecareers.com/exempt-and-a-non-exempt-em... To be honest, I'm a little surprised that these employees couldn't be considered administrative or professional without a managerial title. Edit: reading further, this clarifies a bit: "These categories are purposefully broad to encompass many types of jobs. However, it is the tasks performed on the job, not the job title alone, which determine exempt vs. non-exempt employment status." Essentially, it's not entirely a cop-out by companies to avoid worker protections. I wonder if your time frame and location are heavily skewed by WW2 losses. A whole lot more people than soldiers died in the war, given rationing, bombing and what not. 1990 centenarians would have been a more hearty 49 at the time. Just a thought. Well, they wouldn't be using all the filler in any splenda packet, would they? 12mg * 16 mixed into a liquid seems a bit more probable, if still unpleasant. That sounds like a job for the police, not an Amazon employee. No customer service rep or low level manager is going to have the authority to deal with hearsay customer reports of criminal activity. That's a job for the police, and Amazon may wait to report it until there's corroborating reports or evidence. It's just as likely that they handed the report off, and it will be handled by someone else entirely. However, none of that makes the situation with the customer right; the customer's problem is they don't have a product. Re-shipping it is just about the only thing they can do in this case. Aren't the frequencies regulated by the FCC? Why should industry bear the burden of proving something safe that the government has already approved? It's not the world I like, but it's the one we're in. Edit: just realized I missed where the quote ended. My question remains, though I suppose patent isn't really who I meant to ask. I didn't downvote, but I almost responded with my own personal experience to the line "In the end, remote workers are logically forced to attend more meetings" (paraphrased), at least until I saw the edit. That line couldn't be more wrong based on my own experience. Perhaps the downvote was because it read like an assertion of an obvious fact when it was just a guess? What? Sunsetting something is used outside of software. Hell, it's even used to describe temporary laws ("sunset law"). It's also used for brands and business policies. And, sure, it might not make the top list of 1000 words you might hear on the street on any given day, but it's also very easy to search for. That doesn't make it a weasel word. > basic human right You mean "entitlement". In the US, "rights" are inherent and natural things; those outlined in the constitution are "negative rights" in that they are prohibitions on the government infringing upon them. As such, "medical care" doesn't make sense as a right, because it's a service provided to you, not inherent to you in the sense that speech or association between individuals. Of course, "entitlement" as a word comes with a negative connotation around here, but that's also because most or all entitlements are means-tested and not available to everyone. As for you the cost, you're spot on. Insurance for myself and my wife is roughly $1000 / month (paid for by my company of 8 people). An active lifestyle won't compensate for things like pregnancy, Alzheimer's, osteoporosis, glaucoma, arthritis, or any other of the innumerable ways that our bodies have yet to catch up with our lifespans. I'm reminded of why Watson failed, and the problem with ml and ai in general- you can't peek under the hood to see why something happened, or how to keep it from happening without a lot of time, a lot of hard work, and a whole lot of carefully groomed data. Are you using dmenu or i3-dmenu-desktop? If you're using the latter, I'm pretty sure you can create .desktop files for AppImage apps so they're added to the list: https://build.i3wm.org/docs/i3-dmenu-desktop.html#DESCRIPTIO... For myself, I've only needed to use AppImage once, and that's for a program that I only bother using from a terminal anyway; other than not showing up in dmenu out-of-the-box, I haven't had any other complaints. Some routers- I think hapi in node might be one- match in order of specificity, not definition. Edit: here we go- https://hapijs.com/api#path-matching-order Safety first, full stop, no exceptions. Until correctness can be done easily in accessible programming languages with a decent developer pool, iteration in this space, along with other life-critical spaces such as trains, planes (and wouldn't automobiles be nice too?) is sadly a long, manual process compared to web development. Edit: to expand a bit on correctness, think Coq but with the ease of Java or Typescript. Even Rust's safety isn't yet formally proven; that's not a knock on rust, but a demonstration of just how hard it is to do. Formal verification is a barrier to quick iteration (parent comment) not just for medical software, but anything "mission critical" where the mission is "worst case scenario, don't kill someone". Hence my point about train switching and avionics. Legal mechanisms are beside the point, I think. As for rich constraints, that does bring up another point- how do you quickly iterate on a system full of bad data or systems of incompatible data? To get Watson to a degree of certainty, so much data manipulation and review happened by hand that it was a wasted effort. This isn't to say that I'm in love with what I've seen of the software my doctors use (or the puckering feeling seeing how outdated the OS tends to be). I'd be a whole lot less happy, though, if their software had the reliability of say, imgur or reddit. I was thinking more of that would be (a or the) barrier to rapid iteration in medical software, not that it is likely to be achievable. Given the rigorous testing required in its place, we don't get web dev agile style iteration in medical software. I'm not following your logic. How will fatter margins for Google lead to less of this behavior? There's another article on the front page that pollution increases the risk of either getting or accelerating Alzheimers, I forget which. Either way, if you live in a city, getting aerobic exercise out of doors is probably counter-productive when done for the purpose of cleaning your brain. In that case, indoors at a gym might be an option, if it's well ventilated and fresh air is filtered first.own. Ant is quite nice, and is loaded with controls. I've wanted to toy with blueprint, but their desktop-centric focus (which makes sense, given the backing company) steered me away a bit. https://ant.design/ is the main page, https://ant.design/docs/react/introduce for react, and for angular: https://ng.ant.design/docs/introduce/en Although this was almost two decades ago, that was not the advice we were given at my school. It was more along the lines of "what do you want to do? there are trade schools, community colleges, and state colleges depending on what motivates you". Of course, very few parents didn't want their kids to go into higher education of some kind, and I think for about 99% of parents with college education, their children going to college was already a forgone conclusion for them. I wouldn't put the blame entirely on the parents or the kids though- practically every school I've seen advertises job placement numbers; don't forget about the lawsuits over law schools artificially inflating their numbers to get more students. If you're a parent seeing that, why wouldn't you push your kid into college? I think there's a difference between speaking up internally and bad-mouthing your employer in public (especially to the press). I can't think of any company that would let that slide. Am I seeing this right? Third party screen capture? Practically the only reason I'm still on i3 instead of sway is sharing my screen (as I work from home and do a few video calls a week). edit: spelling. I am apparently terrible at leaving comments from my phone. At those levels of scarcity, the economics of farming will likely change enough that hydroponics could (would?) become far more commonplace. That drastically cuts down on the amount of land needed, as you're no longer limited to ground surface area for growing crops. In fact, there's a growing trend of combining fish farming with hydroponic vegetable farming; circulating water between the plants and fish tanks, monitoring nutrient and bacteria levels, can allow for a non-vegetarian diet. Granted, they're not going to be the tastiest fish- think tilapia, not salmon. There's a CSA farm doing exactly that in a relatively densely populated suburb not too far from me. > They are meaningfully worse. "Traditional big department stores and the brick-and-mortar sector generally" have much more control over their supply chains than Amazon does. Physical shelf space is too valuable to let every random fly-by-night fake-review-fueled company use it. There's also the legal liability that comes with having a real address in a jurisdiction where it's likely you'll be held accountable. This is less true than ever, as more big box stores expand their online offerings with third-party sellers. I'm not normally a picky eater, but seafood in general is one thing I have a really hard time bringing myself to enjoy. Also, from my very limited understanding, tilapia is fairly delicate to begin with, so it's more about making sure your cut doesn't include much of the grey fat. With all of that said, I'm sure that for people who do enjoy seafood, it'd be quite tasty. The business near me was put together with eco-conscious people in mind, so the care they put into farming- nutrients, food for the fish, etc. I'm sure the difference between their fish and wild fish is a good deal smaller than stereotypical farm-vs-wild-caught salmon or what have you. Depends on where you live, I suppose. Large cities I've lived in have all allowed commercial spaces at ground level, but there are a ton of regulations as to what you can do in them. Doing nothing but knocking down a wall and putting up a sign is a sure way to get shut down by the city, along with some likely hefty fines. Edit: another barrier is building insurance; if a building is all residential, and someone wants to convert ground level space to commercial use, the insurance company has to re-assess the risk and premiums they charge due to the increase in people coming through, if nothing else. ACA has rules and regulations above and beyond which employers were required to offer healthcare. Generally speaking, you should have more employees than the bare minimum required to operate. That way, you have enough staff available to, say, cover when someone calls in sick, gets in an accident and takes short-term leave, goes on vacation, quits unexpectedly, etc. When wages are already close to the marginal value add, increasing the wage floor means needing to cut hours. When wages are not, then increasing the wage floor has little effect on hours or people hired. If there's already sufficient buffer, it might even result in fewer jobs over time as companies attempt to get by with less wiggle room in headcount. Just a thought. You may want to look into Taltz. It has really helped me, and practically no side effects aside from some injection site reactions. If your insurance won't cover it (mine wouldn't without trying older ones with way worse potential side effects) the drug company offers a program that only requires a $25 copay. Then get sued for fraudulently taking people's money without fulfilling the advertised service. Someone (an attorney general, perhaps?) might be able to make a fraud case against them. Or, a class could pull together to pool damages, if a court approves the class (which I suspect it would). Small claims courts are typically limited to actual damages; you're not going to get a heavy "punishment" fine added on top. So, yeah, you'll get your $35 back, minus filing costs. Having lots of kids around? One of my favorite jobs had a group of parents who would come in on the weekend for play dates (in designated areas). The company supported them, often organizing age appripriate maker type events. Neither of those can apply when the service itself was never actually provided. That's literally how all government budgeting works, because there's never an audit with consequences. Or, as is the case with pensions which assumed 8% no-risk annual returns, the consequences are decades down the road. I can say with absolute certainty that I would be in a far, far worse position in life without lexapro. Others were far less effective, but it absolutely turned me around. In a country of 325 million people, it seemed like there wasn't anyone who didn't know someone either affected or directly harmed by the 9/11 (11/9 as you call it) attacks. It didn't feel like "some poor saps over there got the short end of the stick" it felt like "we're all directly attacked". This wasn't the first time Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda reached out and touched us. Previously, we'd treated him more or less the same as you'd suggested, thinking back to the attack on the USS Cole we just lobbed some missiles off into the desert and called it a day. As for the surveillance apparatus that sprang up in response, there was most certainly a backlash against it, with all the dystopian oppressive government warnings. The general public didn't really mind much, though, because they'd felt that the government fundamentally failed at what could theoretically have been a preventable disaster. So, given that, what were we to do? Say to our neighbors, "sorry, you have to risk death in future attacks because I can't be arsed to wait longer in lines at the airport"? I don't think the terrorists have won, because their objective wasn't to make our lives a little less pleasant. Their objective (as stated) is the fundamental destruction of our nation. Sure, we've compromised our constitution by allowing our government more power than it ought to have. The consequences of our reaction, our actions (and lack of actions in other places) will be felt for generations. That doesn't mean that the terrorists have won, far from it. I'm fairly sure the cold war paranoia pervaded society at least as much as, if not far more deeply, than post 9/11 effects. Also, let's not forget the internment camps for Japanese after WW2. We changed, but I wouldn't call that change the kind of "destruction" that am Qaeda had in mind. >> The consequences of our reaction, our actions (and lack of actions in other places) will be felt for generations >That's basically my point. I was replying more specifically to the claim that the terrorists have "won". By any measure of their stated goals, that simply isn't the case. They didn't want us to be inconvenienced, they wanted us to at least completely withdraw our military from the middle east. Beyond that, they'd love for a total collapse of society... Instead, we have been more heavily militarily entrenched than before ever since. Not really, no. Then again, I'm assuming that this only applies to early screenings and in-person / live interviews will allow a person's subtler characteristics come through. Personally, back when I was in positions that participated in hiring, I didn't give a damn about a person's name, gender, race, skin color, sexuality, gender identity, age, personal hobbies, political persuasion, religion, food preferences or any other characteristic that wasn't directly related to: Can this person do the job we're hiring them to. If we needed further consideration to distinguish between equally competent candidates, then we'd look at how motivated they are to grow, aka contribute in other areas. Not because we wanted younger people with longer (cynically: cheaper) career paths, but because the needs of companies change over time, and a flexible outlook means they might keep pace with change, and that's something anyone can do. Ironically, you are totally wrong in your choice of example. Starting in 2017, Harvard admissions became majority-minority, with whites making up just under 50%, and most or all minority race students (including black) being over-represented compared to the general population. > where externalities apply to other countries rather than surrounding corporations and citizens Not according to the devastated ecosystem, flooded archaeological ruins, and 1.3 million people once living around what is now the three gorges dam. Gross, no thank you. The trialware / bloatware that has come standard on windows from manufacturers was bad enough. Can you imagine how bad Lenovo Windows or Dell Windows would be? The Android landscape is bad enough. At first, I was thinking that it would only be bad for the non-technical folk (i.e. other 99%) who wouldn't know how to re-install a better windows. But then, I remembered that even MS is having a hell of a time rolling out updates without breaking machines. All the different branded flavors of windows would just make getting windows updates that much harder or terrifying, I think. The name Windows is irrelevant for a good chunk of the population. I remember helping some first year college students in the early 2000's (apparently Dell had a batch of faulty hard drives in their new computers). When they came to me for help, I asked if they had mac or windows computers, and the answer was "Um... Dell?". It's the same with Android. A very small percentage of people buy phones with pure Android OS on them. The rest of the non-Apple crowd buy whatever looks good at the store and calls it Android. I would absolutely love to be proven wrong on all of this. I rarely use Windows (mostly for gaming) and otherwise a linux is my daily driver, so either way I'm not likely to be impacted much. Perhaps I'm just too cynical after all of the utter nonsense Lenovo and gang have pulled with windows in the past as it is. Could it be a geographical thing? Every company I've worked at has hired engineers over 50 while ive been there. > but perhaps can't because they're downloading 15, 20, 30MB websites just to fill out a form element? Parent post (in fact, the segment you quoted) literally says that it's okay when it is useful functionality, i.e. not when it's just to fill out a form. Sadly, these aren't going to get to experience a decent chunk of the internet anyway, since video, gifs, and images all frequently weigh significantly more when put together. We're talking about two completely separate types of websites. Nobody said forms are useless. Web-based video editing was a hypothetical example. AMP wasn't really part of this discussion; presumably, lots of JS + PWA functionality in the hypothetical video editing example was the referenced useful functionality. Take Google Sheets as an example. I don't know what the total download size is for the JS (certainly not 15mb), but it's an example of a JS heavy website where you wouldn't want to serve -> submit form -> serve cycle for every user input. Back when I was in school in the early naughties, it was a given that, if you were a humanities student, your tuition largely subsidized the STEM students, because your degree required virtually no specialized equipment, just a building, a professor, and some administrative overhead. STEM students required all sorts of wild equipment, some so specialized and sensitive that the buildings had to have extra protections built in so they weren't bothered by vibration or electromagnetic interference from nearby lightrail trains. Their tuition wouldn't cover that. Of course, the school also splurged on pointless real estate expansions, a relatively empty, but massive, student "union" building, intense administrative overhead, sports stadiums paid for by adding on hundreds to student fees (which of course weren't part of tuition, but you had to pay them anyway), and so forth. If you're a humanities student, you get the short end of the stick from many different directions- paying more than your education costs to support others, for a degree that will earn substantially less than others, which likely has fewer industries that specifically require your degree (putting you in more competition for said jobs against students with other similar degrees). Having lived in the US all my life, service typically goes as follows: Host seats you Waiter delivers menus, asks if you want drinks Waiter returns with drinks, asks if you're ready to order, and if not, comes back 5 min later Waiter delivers food Waiter comes back in 5 minutes to make sure it's to your liking Waiter comes back to ask if you want dessert, and if not, hands you the bill. If you've taken a long time to eat, they may return once or twice to keep your drinks topped off. That's it. It's formulaic and quite standard. In my decades of living in various states, I've never had an experience like I see EU folk on here complain about. Theft of goods valued under $950 was reclassified from a felony to a misdemeanor, regardless of what the item in question is (a case in 2017 was a car!). So, still a crime, on par with jaywalking and littering (which, in Cali, is a minimim $100 fine + 8 hours community service). And yet, we're talking about things that could be Christmas gifts, baby food, medicine, people's means of transportation, you name it. Genuine question, does that apply to packages delivered by ups or FedEx? In California, sure. That is not true everywhere. There's occasional stories of arrests over jaywalking in Atlanta and Detroit, and Nevada does list it as a misdemeanor, on par with: * solicitation of prostitution * DUI with no injuries * trespass * battery domestic violence (with no injuries) https://www.shouselaw.com/nevada/misdemeanor-law.html Same goes for littering in assorted jurisdictions. I'll concede that lumping those two as examples in a discussion involving Cali as context was misleading. The fine + 8 hours community service is for the infraction of littering in california. That is not to say that they are not misdemeanors elsewhere. Not in California, same for littering (the reference to Cali was only for the fine + hours of community service). However, it is in Nevada: https://www.shouselaw.com/nevada/misdemeanor-law.html and various other jurisdictions. > What I found interesting is that, those with licenses make more money? Some (most? all?) US states require not only a degree but "ongoing education" every other year that can amount to a not insignificant chunk of wages. It's pretty awful from those I know in the field. I don't mean to sound condescending, but I truly don't understand this line of thinking, as I've seen it crop up every so often. The notion that "at least they're doing something" isn't a valid justification in my mind. There are plenty of reasons to believe that this wouldn't work, and adding more garbage certainly does make matters worse (even if by a miniscule amount, relatively speaking). As for more promising projects, we'd be better off doing research to find those projects than throwing away people's money on a pipe dream. Pretty much any project at this point would be better- engineering bacteria to eat it, Dyson funnels to very slowly separate it out, whatever. I'm not a marine or materials scientist. I'm a person with limited funds to contribute towards things, and I don't like being sold snake oil, especially when the response to criticism is "well at least they're doing something!" For primary residencies, you can now only deduct interest on up to $750,000 in debt (i.e. your mortgage principle) rather than the $1,000,000 if you had bought your home before 2018. In short, most people won't be affected, unless you own a mansion or a home in an overpriced market such as SF or NYC. Keep in mind that the standard deduction also doubled, so depending on your own situation, you may not even need to itemize your deductions, such as your mortgage interest. Correct. The $750k number is the cap on the debt for which you can deduct paid interest from. So, if you borrow 1 million dollars to buy a house, you only get to deduct 3/4 of the interest now, instead of the full amount. Interest on smaller loans continues to be fully deductible. Doubling the standard deduction may have a perverse inventive against borrowing less (or simply buying cheaper homes) as, depending on your situation, it may be better than itemizing. I think it's debatable whether the mortgage interest deduction really plays heavily into a noticeable amount of people's decision to buy or not; unless you are having a hard time deciding to buy or rent, there are a lot of other, larger factors. Finally, I believe that doubling the standard deduction and eliminating a number of other deductions is a small, first step towards creating a simpler tax code- such a code wouldn't be as useful for social engineering (help middle class buy more small homes) but there are plenty of benefits, too. I don't know which most of the US you're describing; if anything they err on the side of over-investigative around here. Amazon doesn't give me an option for who ships packages I order from them. It's a fairly round-robin distribution of fedex, ups and usps to where I live out in the sticks. If there was an option to pick your carrier, with say a list like such: * USPS * Fedex * UPS * Amazon Logistics * DHL * Living Wages Carrier Inc I could then direct my money to go towards the companies I favor. That would be a free(er) market, so to speak. There's no irony involved here. Then again, I'd probably just pick UPS anyway, since Amazon doesn't have delivery drivers that come out this way. We have recent history to demonstrate: WW2 followed by the cold war. Is there a Nazi Germany today? No. Could there be something similar again? Of course. Hell, there's even a show on Amazon (based on a book) centered around the idea of an alternate history where the Allied forces lost WW2 and the US is occupied territory. I'm not aware of any general requirements for software, aside from what the ADA covers and case law. The most common example I know of is Target; IIRC it was among the first to bridge the real world and the internet in terms of legal requirements for accessibility. [0] What it largely boils down to, from a legal (not necessarily a moral) standpoint is the balance between "reasonable accommodations" for the disabled and "undue burden" on the business to implement accommodations. When you're small and scrappy, or dealing with some domain that absolutely demands unimpared vision to use, you can argue that accessibility features would place some undue burden on the business to implement. As you grow larger as a company, and the very likely probability that what you do doesn't actually absolutely need unimpared vision, the more likely a judge or jury would be to find that accessibility features would represent a "reasonable accommodation" that you must fulfill, and likely must pay a lot of money for failing to have done so. SaaS applications almost invariably can be made accessible, since they are, by definition, provided as a service over http or some API. Whether you must make them accessible is for a court to decide; whether you should is almost always a yes. It's generally cheaper up front than paying the legal cost later on, and your users will appreciate it. You may even end up hiring a blind engineer, who would most certainly appreciate it. [0] https://webaim.org/blog/target-lawsuit-settled/ And chili powder beats lettuce, which beats rainbow trout. Honestly, I have no idea what to make of this. Do I need to eat all 100 foods to get a perfect balance? Or only the top handful? Or are there some magical combinations? If the study answered any of those questions, the presentation of the article as a top-100 really undermined the point. My initial assumption was that the purpose of such a program was to attract new residents. If that's not the case, what purpose does the program serve? > at least partly by someone's design By design, yes, by intent, probably not. For eample, the federal government is, like many very large organizations, absolutely awful at writing contracts for things outside of their area of expertise. See the ACA marketplace website fiasco, for example; while I haven't personally read the contracts, the word on the street is they were written in such a way that there wasn't a responsible party for making sure that the thing actually worked - i.e. that different vendors systems interoperated well (then again, maybe that's just urban legend, I'm not a bureaucrat in DC). Add on top of that the extensive layers of red tape to even become a vendor for the government, and add on top of THAT the fact that elections in the US are heavily decentralized, so you've got many different governments with many different systems with many different requirements, all of whom have substantial roadblocks set up and lack the expertise to properly audit vendors, and it's practically guaranteed to not be pulled off well. What, your country doesn't have 20% of its population living in idyllic rural areas that cover 97% of your nearly 4 million square miles of land? Let's not pretend that what works for some people will work for everyone. It would be beyond unfeasible to take a plane or train everywhere I typically go in a given month, and 100mi range would be pretty dicey, especially when it gets brutally cold in winter and I need extra power to get heat and get through snow on the roads. > Ahh the good ol artist commenting on capitalism. > Reminds me how I got hate for getting my wife a new non stick cooking pan for christmas, and some college hipster commented it was sexist. Reads to me like the OP believes that "artist commenting on capitalism" is a bit of a trope, and / or the commentary is typically facile and doesn't hold up to reality (as analogous to the case of "a cooking pan for christmas is sexist" versus "wife asks for a cooking pan for christmas"). > Apple offers discovery, billing, and distribution In the context of Netflix, I'm not sure that they're actually getting any value from any of those things from Apple, since they already have well-established pretty much everything in that area. I mean, sure, maybe someone had never heard of Netflix until they saw it in the app store, but I'm going to guess that number of people is well below even a blip in Netflix's revenue (especially given the universal 30% cut). Likewise, Netflix is pumping more bits around the internet than most other companies; distributing apps is only a benefit for them because they literally don't have an alternative option for iOS. For other, smaller companies, I would agree that it is non-zero, and I would also argue that 30% is way too much. Raising taxes on things like cars is a tax on poor and middle class people, whereas a subsidy for EV makes them more accessible to poor and middle class people (lower price = more purchases = larger second-hand market). > The alternative to buying a ICE car isn’t necessarily buying an EV car, it could be a bike, taking trains, taking ride services, or any combo of things. That's blatantly false for anyone not living in a metropolitan area. Ride-share / car rental places simply don't exist in many places out in the countryside, and a bike is only a partial substitute. Punishing people for bad behavior (buying ICE cars) only puts more people deeper into debt, and lowers the overall number of cars purchased by raising the market floor. Encouraging good behavior (making transit more available, subsidizing EV) encourages more people to consider alternatives to ICE such as EV who otherwise wouldn't be able to afford it or wouldn't otherwise have access. > not move to a place without public transport in the first place. I'm sorry, but that is absurdly bigoted and naive. Pretty much everything you use and own- from cotton, wood, glass, metal ore, food- comes from someplace that isn't a high-density urban city. Most of those things are produced by people with middle or working class jobs, and public transit isn't an option to get there, nor are they buying extraneous cars to just have lying around. Not only that, but those people have needs too, and so many jobs are located near where they live- everything from grocery stores to car mechanics to regional hospitals. If they go EV, they're going to get a smaller car, and it's going to cost substantially more than the equivalent ICE. Double the cost of ICE cars, and you're really doing is punishing them for not being wealthy. You can't have a second-hand market without a first owner market, and EV prices won't drop because ICE prices rise, they drop because competitors enter a market to meet expending demand for EV, and economies of scale and demand for better efficiencies for the more expensive components. Generally speaking, dont like either the subsidy or the tax approach, but if the goal is to get more EV than ICE purchases, you're going to hurt a lot of people along the way by going the tax approach, and we're not set up to mediate the regressive effects of doing so. There was an interesting discussion earlier on here about the potential emotional harms of suggesting to a patient that they are likely to develop Alzheimer's within a few years (an AI based early detection system). On the one hand, you might catch it and treat it earlier. On the other hand, it will color every interaction you have with others and cause stress every time you try to remember something. The potential harm may very well exceed the harm of not telling the patient (up to and including suicide). If a doctor suspects something but lacks evidence, they may simply make a note to look for more signs at subsequent follow-ups. A patient seeing that may read more into it than is there, and subsequently suffer undue stress or paranoia. > The ingrained sense of “fuck bikers” that most people feel in the US. As a child, I would regularly take 10-20 mile bike rides for fun. That continued up until I went off to college. When I started driving a car, bikers didn't bother me, because we lived out in the countryside and they're easy to drive by, and even in nearby larger cities bikers were pretty rare, and sensible. Then I moved to a large metro city. I'm tempted to say that's where my disdain of bikers began, but that's not right. It's not disdain at all, it's fear. Compared to the car drivers around me, bikers are wildly unpredictable. Car drivers aren't totally predictable, that's how bad bikers are around here. Riding through red lights "because it's too much work" to stop and start up again. Switching between riding on sidewalks and roads with no warning. Cutting across lanes and oncoming traffic with little to no warning. Swinging in and out of bike lanes with no warning. Riding between lanes of cars waiting at a traffic light. Rules of the road exist for a reason, and bikers who stick to them are fine by me. I definitely don't believe anyone deserves to get hit, but it's hard to have the same amount of empathy for a group that collectively flouts the very things that are meant to keep them from getting hit. I went back to i3 after trying sway because I couldn't get screen sharing to work in video calls, no matter what I tried. There were a few other bugs, but that was the only show stopper for me. It can. For example, instead of buying bottled water or olive oil or vinegar at a few grocery stores near me, you can bring in your own bottle and fill up. Instead of buying pre-cut veggies and fruit, you can get the individual ones and do it yourself. Unfortunately, what this thread sees as waste consumers often see as a benefit: buying items in sealed containers lets you have peace of mind against spoilage or in-store contamination (anyone can open up those pour-your-own tubs of olive oil and sneeze into them). Additionally, packaged things stack up better, so you can offer consumers a wider variety- laundry detergent scents, drink flavors, and so forth. Offering pour-your-own means maintaining and cleaning goods and equipment that are exposed to both product and air, which is more expensive for grocers. Finally, packaging (especially the clamshell variety) is often used for protection- from damaging the contents in shipping / handling to acting as a mild anti-theft device. So, yes, there is a market for reduced-production goods. Produce, grains, soft drinks at gas stations, and some other goods are already there. If there is a reasonable way to protect goods, ensure their freshness, offer a unique variety in a low maintenance fashion, there's money to be made. If you can't do that and still want to reduce production, you're going to either end up creating more waste through some side effect of the tradeoffs involved. Which means they would go out of business. Gas stations make pennies per gallon of gas at most; the bulk of their profit comes frim in-store purchases. A brief search shows between 3-5 cents average markup in the US, which lines up with what I've been told from first hand sources, which means somewhere between one and two hundred dollars per day from gas sales. That's definitely not enough income to keep a gas station afloat. A 400 foot well? That'd be what, 15, 20 grand, including the casing to prevent contamination? I can see that being a smart move for the dairy farm to offer to neighbors, but that's a ton of money to do on your own initiative unless you're mortgaging new construction. (Better than drinking contaminated water, but still...) That's pretty great pricing, though to add in protective piping to avoid contamination from shallower waters is an added cost. Almost built a house about 2 miles from an old garbage dump site, and the estimate for a shallower well than that was around $12k I'm no functional fanatic, but one thing that I enjoy about it is the idea that function calls- and futures- resolve to a value. The code example where D doesn't get called last because of the missing await grinds my gears something fierce, especially because I missed it the first glance through. This type of bug is much harder to create when you don't constantly rely on side effects everywhere. That said, the article did a really good job if you're not already familiar with the same concepts from JS land (with the event loop sans visible microtasks, Promise instead of Future, abd web worker instead of Isolate). > If you just want to get a job, go to a tech school, don't go to college. College is (or should be) about expanding your mind, your horizons This is patently false. Colleges compete and advertise based on their job placement rankings. Just a few years ago, law schools were sued for misrepresenting their employment statistics. Whatever ideal, romanticized version of university and college experiences are touted, the reality is that they are marketed to parents and kids as the way to a better lifestyle. Sure, "Liberal Arts" are largely about enriching the mind, but that doesn't change the fact that very, very few people can afford the luxury of going to get a 4 year degree just to "expand your horizons". It's not so much the programs as the analysts who use them (and confirm the outputs) I think. I once had the pleasure of watching one use nothing but twitter posts to map out all the gang territories of Chicago. While he was at it, he found evidence in a murder case and found a picture someone posted of themselves holding an RPG in the city. If I remember correctly, he'd put all of this together in 3 days. Of course, he was independent and so had to rely on the publicly available twitter searches, where the expectation is that tweets are public. The good - and terrible - things that could be done with access to what people expect to be private is a far more challenging prospect to justify. And, I think that is a debate worth having. However, it is certainly a forgone conclusion that the programs can and do contribute to stopping bad actors. It was someone who runs a competitor to Palantir, and that was kinda my first point. Textual analysis alone isn't sufficient, you ned a human with an ivestigative, analytical mindset. You do need access to the data and a good way to search and visualize the relationships in the data as well, of course. PowerPoint actually did come into play - its how he presented his analysis to clients who hired him directly tather than buy access to the tool itself. They did do some national security related work as well, of course, but I was a bit intentional with the policing aspect. Like any tool, it's not inherently good or bad. That means that we should give it extra scrutiny, because the more powerful it is, the more prone to abuse it could be. Why believe any evidence I present to you? I'm just a screen name on the internet. I've given one example of how quickly data can be synthesized to new intel. These tools do nothing human analysts haven't already been doing for years- aside from shortening the process from weeks down to a day or three. Frankly, the effectiveness of the tools is the least interesting aspect of the debate. The far more interesting and valuable debate to my mind is the extent to which we, the civilian government, should enable the policing and military powers to use the tools, and at what cost to ourselves. Every system is unique, so citing statistics for one won't apply very well to another. Finding the statistics in the first place is going to be a problem as well. It's a bit of a catch-22. Discussing the effectiveness of one strategy versus another could easily lead to bad actors changing their communication strategies to avoid what is currently effective. It is, in that regard, not much different than the reason why we don't compare the effectiveness of various secret agents and spies and their techniques in public forums; if we know, so too do others. The very effectiveness relies, in part, in not being part of public knowledge. Finally, I think one point (perhaps the most important in this regard) that you didn't address is that these tools aren't necessarily allowing anyone to do anything new , assuming they had the data in the first place. They've taken what intel analysts were previously doing by hand for many years and automating gathering the data and generating views into it. Both of those save a significant amount of time, but I have yet to see a system that generates something that a human: a) didn't need to verify first by inspecting the source data to confirm, and b) couldn't have come up with given time to do the job by hand The products themselves are only novel in their packaging. The amount of analyses that can be performed has also increased due to the broader array of data that can be ingested, but again, that in itself is only a matter of scale, not novelty. What types of companies were these? I've never had this happen to me, though I've also intentionally avoided overly-corporate settings. I've been called for about 75% of the references I've given. I'm in a similar boat, and do not qualify either. It sucks, but that's life. With that said, I would really hate to not be able to take my car anywhere I need to go, because a good day can turn bad quickly. In fact, it is among the many reasons I am glad to have moved to a rural area. I think the gripe was less about auto-updates than the fact that the OS allegedly un-set OP's attempt at opting out. Forgetting certain settings is annoying. Forgetting that I want to manually control when my computer downloads gigs of data to apply a patch that- in recent times especially- may very well brick my system... well, I can certainly understand where OP's frustration comes in. Even at one of my jobs a few years back (which was about 50/45/5 apple / windows / linux shop) we were cautioned against applying major updates from apple within the first month or so of their releases given past issues. I definitely understand the reasoning behind automatic updates, especially when it comes to keeping up with security patches. Some rare times, some of us need finer grained control over these things, though, and it probably shouldn't be called "disable" if the OS will re-enable it at will, without notification. It's one thing to protect the user from themselves, and another thing altogether to lie to them. It's (generally) the latter that will get people upset. The repulsion experienced viewing a corpse is one of the classic examples of "abject horror" (or so my college class would have me believe). While it is reality, it is still harsh and requires repeat exposure and mental training to overcome the natural resoonse for most. I've been pretty happy with https://www.passwordstore.org/ Keeps passwords encrypted in git, and there's plugins and open source apps for just about everything. Throw your store in a private repo somewhere and you're good to go, no need to worry about Bitwarden or Lastpass or anyone else going out of business. It's more naive than novel, because it assumes that everyone who came before were acting in bad faith. As someone who lives in rural WI, and has lived in rural MN, it's certainly not true here, depending on the particular food items, and my wife and I are both competent cooks. It's generally cheaper to spend the gas money to drive to the nearest large city and buy fresh foods from Aldi's or Cub foods than our local grocery store the 8-9 months of the year that farmers' markets aren't open. It's San Francisco has more (drug addicts) than (students enrolled in highschool) not San Francisco has more (drug addicts than students) enrolled in highschool. I'm ashamed to admit I had to follow all the way to the source PDF to figure that one out. My grandparents had it as well, and I recall a time they called my uncle because they'd gotten themselves to Menards but then couldn't remember where they where and needed him to get them back home. I wonder if they could have brought a fob that had addresses saved under names ahead of time. Get in the car, tell it to take them home, and it reads the address of "home" off of the fob. Of course, then there's the issue of payment and them needing to independently keep track of their money, but it's a start maybe? Access to transit options is usually factored into the taxable value of building space. If the city isn't directing a portion of the taxes collected to maintain those transit options, that's the fault of the city. There's already gas and other assorted taxes that go into the roads, as well as parking meters and such. The idea that "driving on the street" is free simply doesn't hold. I skimmed the title, glanced at what passed for an article, decided that was short enough to not be an original source, saw the PDF, realized the mistake, read the PDF, went back and read the original link. So, it probably would have cleared it up, had I decided that "Marginal Revolution" sounded like a reliable source, or if it had been a bit longer. I skimmed, and that's on me :/ I was approached twice on the same day at a cub foods once by people offering to buy my groceries with their food stamps in exchange for a lesser amount of cash. I still think the program is valuable, but damn it hurts to see it be abused (especially since one of the guys had his little kid with him). A discount card or whatever that works on the spot is practically guaranteed to be abused as an easy money maker for people, and the net effect ends up being counter to the purpose od the program and many others. The footprints? That's some fancy tech. Sadly, when it comes to contracts, that gets boiled down in most customers' minds to: "Vendor only commit to delivering buggy and incomplete software". It's a hard sell for most types of projects, even if it's the actual reality of most projects. With license and registration can also come better enforcement of traffic laws, which would help. Anecdotally, I haven't seen anyone on here support car drivers breaking traffic laws (except maybe minor speeding) but on several occasions seen people defending bicyclists breaking traffic laws- trading safe behavior for convenience. Additionally, I imagine it would be easier to get (and require) bicyclists to carry catastrophic insurance, since carrying a license would at least go some way towards demonstrating safe behavior. By carrying such insurance, both cyclists and surviving family would be protected from at least some of the financial burdens of accidents. So, yes on two counts: Incentive for safer cycling and easier access to (and possibly mandated) financial protection from accidents. If it were only the drunks, then I wouldn't mind (no getting around self destructive behavior). Those drunks might have had families that depended on those food stamps, and that definitely crosses the line in my mind away from righteous in any sense of the word. This is all rather off-topic from what I was originally replying to (a purely hypothetical means of subsidizing a hypothetical tax), but what do you imagine could be done to change the food stamp policies? The scam was simple enough- he'd buy $100 of groceries for me, and I'd hand him $80 in cash. The one guy was practically taking food out of his kid's mouth (almost literally, in fact) to try to get that cash. Maybe it was a legit need, maybe it was for crack (fairly popular in that area of town). Either way, if he found someone to do it, he and his family would continue living off of the cheapest foods and charity, while he'd have some unreported money. Food stamps themselves are already a compromise; the reason we have them rather than handing out cold hard cash (like he wanted) was because we wanted some assurance that it would go towards a legitimate need, rather than fueling an addiction or luxury goods. Short of getting family members to turn fraudsters in or having grocery store employees act as police informants, I'm at a bit of a loss as to how to improve the system at all, without even considering the burden of new policies on good actors. Modular homes are virtually indistinguishable from ground-up-stick-built homes, and are most definitely not prefabs. https://www.wausauhomes.com/ and http://www.wisconsinhomesinc.com/ are a pretty good example of what you can do. Either they typically ship in 3-6 sections and are stitched together on-site by your framers, electricians and plumbers, or they ship wall and roof segments that take 2-5 days to stitch together. From that point on, it's the same process as your standard custom home, excepting that the frame was built in an environmentally controlled environment. Edit: they're definitely not what you are referring to by "cheap" though. You'll probably save a bit of money over totally custom, but not along the lines of a tiny home either. > For example, when I was a contractor my boss told me that I am a "cap ex" which is OK but for some reason he couldn't bring me on as full time because reasons. My last job had a number of people in a similar situation. The reason was fairly straight forward: Higher-ups in the parent company decided how many full-time developers we would need over the next 5-10 years, and anything we needed on top of that had to be contractors because we were only filling short-term needs. Nobody in the chain between us and them actually understood the rationale, because it was a totally arbitrary number for a plan made under assumptions that were no longer the case. Unfortunately, noone could convince them that it wasn't the case either, so we all just carried on. > at least some portion of the money comes back into the system. Apple is a fairly decent point to the contrary; they were able to let money sit around doing absolutely nothing at all because they didn't want to touch it until they didn't face stiff repatriation taxes for doing so. Generally speaking, though, I agree with your later points. The first one- corporate taxes are charged for a reason- I'm less convinced that the reason is a good one. It mostly seems like a feel-good way to bury the tax so people don't realize that they're ultimately paying for it. On the one hand, if I could turn back time, I would like to have done that myself from a money perspective. On the other hand, that would mean that I never would have met my wife, which is something I wouldn't give up for anything. This point gets brought up a lot, but it's focused on individual situations; peers influence kids as much as parents, if not moreso (especially when the single parent works multiple jobs). If the preponderance of a community doesn't value education enough, or can't at least take the time to act on feedback from teachers about how their kids are doing, then you're just going to end up with a self-fulfilling prophesy of failure. On the one hand, you've got kids being made fun of for "acting white" when they try hard, and parents laying into teachers for daring to criticize their children who are acting out. Money can't fix any of that, and it matters a whole hell of a lot less than parents who at least put in some effort. My best friend- who I first met in college- grew up in near-abject poverty, raised by a single parent who worked a lot. His parent made sure to drill into him the importance of trying hard in school, and what the other kids he tried to emulate were doing wrong (even to the point of having him join a hockey team instead of a basketball team to break him of living up- or rather down- to stereotypes). You may be interested in https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/projects/college-mobilit... which compares Harvard against "other Ivy league schools" on a typical / above / below average. Looks like just under 5% is typical for bottom-20%-income background for admitted students. It's also worth noting that Harvard, for example, admits fewer than 3,000 students per year. That means that 100-150 students (out of 40,000 applicants) will come from a poor background. Seems like being rejected from an Ivy league school is statistically the most likely outcome, regardless of what your qualifications are. A significant chunk of the cost of modular building is in transportation, and there's only just so much you can do for the overall cost when most of it is in materials anyway (gas and wood are very variable costs). Back when I was looking at building, the total price outcome really wasn't substantially different for very similar plans. Part of the problem is that it's labor and materials intensive. Even if modular homes became more popular, the transportation cost alone means that you're not going to be buying from out of state in most cases. Also, keep in mind that houses are around for decades if not centuries. If a house cost $50k and I could swap it out every 10 years for a newer model on the same property, that might be worth it. Sadly, that is not and will likely not ever be the case. Labor doesn't necessarily generate income. Factory workers are an up-front cost converting one set of resources into another. No income is realized until that second set of resources (i.e. products) are actually sold. Also, realize that the government does promote both labor and investments, just through different means. Lowering taxes isn't going to affect how a fully employed individual produces labor; they are trading their time for money. Lowering taxes on investment will promote more investments, since the money for those investments have already been taxed, and since the trade of investments is money-now for money-later, taxes have a much more significant influence over the extent to which someone will invest in a business. Someone fully invested in other things (non-stock commodities, etc) might move some of their investments into businesses instead. I've found linux mint to be fairly friendly, and heard good things about elementary and budgie (if you prefer the more osx oriented flavors). Additionally, peppermint os was designed around a web-centric OS experience some time before chromebooks became a thing: https://peppermintos.com/guide/ice/ Finally, Chromebooks. Got one for my wife, who is about as computer illiterate as it gets (only computer she'd previously owned was a mobile phone) and it Just Works for her. Aside from being pretty locked down, it's about as friendly of a linux OS as linux gets. There are a boatload of pentesting (i.e. penetration testing) tools that use fuzzing. Just be sure that your sysadmin and / or your cloud provider are aware that you intend on running such a test, as that's a really quick way to accidentally bring down servers you weren't anticipating would be connected, or get your IP address banned for DDOS attacks (looking at you, junior QA guy who had good intentions but caused all sorts of havoc). Edit: Just realized I didn't quite address your question fully. https://pentest-tools.com/home is an online service that will run tests, including URL fuzzing and what not. All of the features they offer can also be found in open source and proprietary software. Not sure about saving failed tests as selenium tests for re-running in the future, though I imagine that you'd just re-run the same tool in the first place. > Do you really want to eat poison-free pufferfish there? I'd rather eat the poison-free kind there than the poisonous ones. Depends on your audience. If you are B2B, dropping IE means dropping a financially significant chunk of the market. Heck, we were still getting traffic from people using IE9 in the last year, though it was small enough we were able to convince the whole team that it was time to drop support for everything below IE11. Sorry, poor IE9 user :( I'm relatively certain that it is on the lien holder to prove that you owe them money; otherwise, you could just re-file to have the lien removed. So, if the government denies a treatment that could save my life due to some cost / benefit calculation, I can't get access to that treatment, even if I manged to raise funds for it on my own? Come to think of it, if this passes, I'm going to lose access to a medication that I'm taking right now. Insurance denied coverage for it because they want me to try a half dozen others first, even though all of them have significantly worse side effects. I'm only able to get what I'm currently taking because the manufacturer covers the cost through their charitable foundation for anyone who can't get insurance / insurance approval. If "medicare" for all banishes not only private coverage but all private care, and that extends to coverage for drugs, I'm f*cked. Death Panels indeed :( Granted, it's a condition that practically guarantees that my lifespan will be shorter than if I didn't have it. On the other hand: 1) We already have medicaid programs for the poor 2) We already have medicare programs for those not in the workforce (age, disability, etc) 3) We already offer subsidies for those who cannot afford traditional plans but don't qualify for a medicaid or medicare program 4) Medicare still costs money. It's a public insurance plan, not "free for all". So no, it won't give millions basic coverage that they couldn't already get. I'd prefer my death to be a bit more meaningful than fulfilling getting some politician political points, because that's pretty much all it would do under such a system. The above points don't add up to a perfect society; maybe we could work on improving those instead. Edit: For those not in the know, elderly pay for medicare out of their Social Security income. Anyone who reads "Medicare for all" as "Free healthcare for all" is either misinterpreting what's being offered, or what's being offered is a lie. My situation is one of medication payment, not in-patient treatments You can bet that one of the worlds' largest drug manufacturers, and the pharmacies that provide their medications, aren't going to opt out of participating. If the bill truly makes participation all-or-nothing, I'm SOL. (US health insurance covers both treatment and medication; I'm assuming that the participation rule in this bill applies to both). > I thought it was a universal basic income, i.e., an income that is applicable to all people as opposed to an income from a job. That's implementation specific; several "UBI" schemes have focused on providing supplemental income, rather than paying whatever the person in particular actually needs (which will vary geographically, even neighborhood to neighborhood). > The US Declaration of Independence says all people have the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The full clause is "All men are created equal. They are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness." The rights are inherent to being human, not provided for by the government. It was never intended to state that the government had an obligation to secure those rights, only that it ought not infringe upon them. Edit: This is not to state that I disagree with programs intended to help those who need it. Rather, I'm simply pointing out that a legal justification for doing so should (and can) be found elsewhere. The moral justification is prima facie for most. > AOC's 70% tax Also doesn't apply to capital gains. Take that $30, stick it in a savings or investment. When solar prices go down, or utility prices go up, take the money you've saved up and then put it towards the purchase. There's no point in throwing away money on a losing proposition, since in this case the homeowner wouldn't be the one to get the credit. As an additional bonus, your home will have newer, more efficient panels with a longer remaining estimated lifetime, so if you do end selling the house they'll add more value. A solar install in a reasonably sunny climate can pay for itself over its lifespan, but you need to actually stay there the whole time, or hope that the added value to your house makes up for whatever your investment was. I saw somewhere that the turnout for Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez's election was somewhere around 4%. The voter turnout for most American elections is really quite low, and I wouldn't be surprised if there were distinct differences in turnout between income percentiles. Perhaps that might go some way towards explaining it. Edit: I did a bit of research below, and 4% definitely does not seem accurate. I have no idea where the source for that 4% was :/ I found a reference that the primary turnout was around 11%: http://www.gothamgazette.com/state/7774-a-closer-look-at-vot... > With 98 percent of precincts reporting as of Wednesday, the State Board of Elections shows 27,826 registered Democrats cast votes in Tuesday’s primary in New York’s 14th District. With 235,745 registered Democrats as of April, according to the BOE, this comes out to a turnout of around 11.8 percent. NYT shows roughly 150,000 votes in the 14th precinct for the actual election: https://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/new-york-house-dis... The population of the district is around 712,000 https://ballotpedia.org/New_York%27s_14th_Congressional_Dist... So, the actual percentage is indeed higher than 4%. Even still, it's quite low. You're forgetting that it costs merchants money to handle cash; between miscounting at the till, plus petty theft, plus counting cash at the end of the night, plus time to take cash to the bank, plus time to take cash from the bank back (say when rolls of coins are needed). I'd be surprised if the cost adds up to 2% of the cost of all goods, but it's still there. > And if you're someone without access to great cards, then you still pay the same price in stores but you get no cash back, high APR, low credit limits, and crazy late fees. That's an entirely different discussion, and completely misses out on debit cards (no APR, typically includes some form of rewards), when the bad cards should be used to build a good credit history, not as a daily driver. Right or wrong, it's a fairly common stereotype: a merchant who insists on cash-only transactions is dodging taxes or selling something illegal (or both, I suppose). On the topic of criminal behavior, it's also worth noting that doing business cash-only makes you a more tempting target for robbery; if you did almost all of your transactions via credit or debit cards, you'd have very little in the till for someone to steal. Just a story of one, but here goes: Back in the 90's, my parents were making a purchase with a card, and the cashier told them that the machine was down, so he had to take a copy of the card to run it later. A quick swipe of their card throughv something that impressed it on carbon paper and off they went. Not long after, police showed up at their door informing them that said cashier's apartment had been raided and a whole stack of copies of cards had been found; for every one he made for the store he kept one for himself. Mind you, this was before ubiquitous cell phones, internet access, and way before chips in cards for encryption. Whether a similar tactic could work now I have no idea. I think the article linked in the posted one does a better job explaining what's "news" about this: https://newfoodeconomy.org/bpi-pink-slime-ground-beef-usda-r... > Since 1994, the government’s stance has been clear. Lean finely textured beef (LFTB) has been a “qualified component” of hamburger, meaning it can be included in ground beef without being independently disclosed. But it could not itself be called ground beef, suggesting that, in the eyes of regulators it was something else—a padding or additive, but not the real deal. ... > That effort culminated in 2018, when BPI, citing advancements to its process, formally asked FSIS to consider whether its product might just be called “ground beef.” > “It was an extensive review that took well over six months and included consumer reviews, nutritional panels, tours of the plant where agency folks could get a first-hand look at the process and understand what we are doing at BPI,” Nick Ross, BPI’s vice president of engineering, told Beef Magazine, a trade publication that covers the cattle industry. I don't think that's what this is. In fact, the particular product in question is leaner than ground beef, and added to ground beef to get it qualified as "lean". If it's not in the posted article, it's in the linked article (which I cited in my original comment). This isn't about mechanically separated chicken or turkey, it's about "Lean finely textured beef (LFTB)", which is actually leaner than the ground meat that it gets mixed in with. Ever eat bean sprouts? Those are sanitized with ammonia or bleach. They need moist, warm environments to sprout, and are a breeding ground for listeria. It has the same meaning in English as well, but is rarely used aside from a derogatory reference to mental development. In the US, you do have to confirm the details on your card when you change your shipping address in Amazon, or you need to make any updates to it (i.e. cvv / exiry date). Otherwise, not so much. Edit: Oops, just noticed that point was also posted twice in sibling comments. Oh well, third time's the charm I guess? I think the term "fire retardant" is also fairly common in some circumstances as well, though I'll admit to not being terribly familiar with brake retarders. A former governor of MN once claimed that its capital city streets were designed by drunken Irishmen. He immediately realized that was a Bad Thing to say, but it was certainly an afterthought to his statement. I hate to use the "you should be looking harder" trope, but every company I've worked at has had developers at or over 53, and not one of them had such onerous time tracking requirements. One tracked time to attempt to get r&d tax credits on certain work. The other was an agency that tracked time in case of disputes with unruly clients (such as the time we had gone through 3 project managers and 2 CFOs while we worked with them, and they were desperate to recover money from their own bad mistakes). The rest didn't track time at all. Not to mention that LOC as a metric has been an industry joke at least since the early 80's: http://www.folklore.org/StoryView.py?story=Negative_2000_Lin... I've heard of funnier versions of that story, but haven't tracked them down yet. That's strange, I've had cable internet through Comcast at four different houses and have always used my own equipment, didn't rent theirs at all. Even a broken clock is right twice a day? Where I grew up, pretty much everyone in the area who wanted to drive took a one semester "driver's ed" course in high school. Driving practice with the instructor was extensive, covering pretty much every common driving scenario short of hitting a deer. To even take the test, you had to have X hours logged driving with an adult who had a license. Yes, the license is substantially cheaper, but it was also a very rural area- driving a car is just a fact of life out there, and 2k for the license would probably have cost more than quite a few of the cars. You can never know if a clock is showing the correct time unless you have another, known good point of reference. No, now you know who are interested in the Nazis, which includes no shortage of kids writing history reports for school. I don't know if anything has changed since, but we definitely hot cold start perf issues on lesser used routes at a company I was with 18 months ago. And yet, if you took Blizzard CEO's total pay (from the article, I think around $28 mil) and spread that over the nearly 10k employees, everyone gets an extra $3k, which wouldn't do diddly squat for retention. Also, losing 40% of growth would be pretty awful for anyone who has company stock (employees, 401ks, investors) especially if that's year over year. That is, in fact, why blizzard just laid off 800 people- they were from underperforming sections of the business or, iirc, business they wanted to get out of. Oh I know, I was making less than that when I started my career. My point was I'd be willing to be that for most people, a single raise isn't the straw that breaks the camels back when it comes to whether or not they'd stay at Activision Blizzard. From what I've heard from people who worked there (specifically the Activision side) is that it isn't a place I would want to work myself, and $3k wouldn't be enough to convince me otherwise. I think you meant Latter Day Saints. If there are any Ladder Day saints (supposedly there is a Ladder Day[1]) I'm guessing that Mormons wouldn't hold as much reverence for them, what with the alcohol involved. [1] https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Ladder%20Day How universal are these biases? Anecdotally, I feel as though i have a stronger recall of negative experiences than equivalently good ones. If that is a thing, i wonder if it might be due to, or perhaps a cause of, depression. Geographic location is incredibly ineffective anyway depending on your ISP and other factors. Rather than defaulting to English, why not default to whatever the browser's OS is set to? At least for JS apps, there's navigator.languages, and there's an Accept-Language header for both language and locale for standard server-rendered plain ol' websites. Geographic location really does seem like the worst possible option to use. That displays different content, but the Accept-Language header (with locale specialization) isn't about the content, its about the language the content is displayed in. Isn't the default value whatever the OS is set to? Your "average user" shouldnt need to fiddle anyway. I'm unaware of any intermediaries that fiddle with accept-language, so I can't really speak to how reliable it is. I can say that due to the ISP I use geolocation typically gets my location wrong by somewhere between 650 - 1600 km (400 and 1000 miles). I'm not saying abandon multilingual capabilities, I'm saying Rather than defaulting to English, why not default to whatever the browser's OS is set to? . This was in response to a comment chain suggesting that geofencing default language is a bad option, because of how inaccurate it can be. > - In households where the parents are immigrants, very often the children set up the computer, so it's set to English, which is the child's preference, even if the parents don't speak English. I fail to see how any default language setting will help in this scenario, assuming they've immigrated to an English-speaking geographic region. > - The vast majority of our users accept the default language (English) when setting up their computers, even if they don't speak English. I suppose this is one scenario where geofencing might work better than OS default language, but then again, based on my experience it's just as likely to be wrong. At least with English it'd be an interface they're accustomed to seeing, and would have better luck finding the website's language selector, rather than something more arbitrary :/ I read through most of those earlier, and I'm not sure that you're being charitable in your interpretation of the conversation. The "dark pattern" complaint is that actual realized savings (tax credits) are mixed with hypothetical savings (future cost of gasoline) and taken off of the sales price. Meanwhile, things like delivery fees, sales taxes and maintenance cost differences are not added back in. It's one part standard marketing, one part underhanded marketing imho. > And when marketers try to bring future savings into the present and get you thinking in terms of total cost of ownership, That's because it is fundamentally inaccurate, and therefor counter-productive. I'm all for demonstrating TCO differences, but when you show a "price" of $26k and the actual price is over $40k with taxes and everything added back in, suddenly you get struck with a bit of cognative dissonance. The phrase "Challenges can help me grow" is specific to the individual; that is, how you choose to accept them. The phrase "God's plan" implies that you are claiming to understand it in terms of not only what has happened to you, but what will happen to you in the future. It is one part prophesy, one part imposing your own desires and will upon God. I don't know that I would personally consider it "heretical" (especially since I am an agnostic by way of Catholicism) but that would be my stab at understanding the difference between the phrases. It seems like a given outcome, to me. Suppose that half of your workforce makes 60% of the wages, and the other half make 40%. Suddenly, PR dictates that you need to even that out. Your budget for salaries hasn't increased. Your other costs haven't decreased. Your projected revenues haven't increased. The money to bump the bottom half up has to come from somewhere, and with a fixed salary budget, it comes from the other half's expected raises and new hires. Unless, of course, you have the flexibility to start rewriting all of your budgets, but that still hasn't changed the fact that both revenues and all other costs remain fixed. While I appreciate the premise and good intent, the transparent society sounds like an idealized Girardian nightmare to me. This seems like one of the more salient comments on this thread. When I got married, there's no way that I would have selected any of the vendors through an app. Even if I were inclined to discover them that way, my wife and I met with every vendor in person to evaluate their work, personality (as a proxy for reliability) and discuss pricing. It is an intimately personal affair, and I simply don't see room for a middle man. Even with a wedding planner, the couple getting married still often go through all of those steps. MAYBE what could be done is to provide a party planning system; specify type of occasion, select from suggested categories of vendors, and let the system manage an assortment of the necessary details, including meeting times. Even in this situation, it's going to be extremely location-dependent. Imagine the complexity of organizing data for Door Dash or Grubhub, multiplied by all of the other categories of vendors (venue, supplies, decoration, setup, cleanup, so forth). I was like that. Managed to get off of antidepressants for probably 6 or 8 years, and thought that I had an introspective enough personality that I could be aware of, and condition myself to, not have a recurrence which required going back on them. It came on so slowly that I didn't really notice, and most people around me who you would imagine should have noticed also did not. I finally hit a breaking point, and started therapy and medicine again. It has completely changed my life around, and possibly saved it. Would I like to live without it? Well, I would like to not need it , but if it is a given that I do, then I most certainly will continue using it. I've experienced the alternative, and there is nothing preferable about it. This is, unfortunately, an entirely inaccurate perception of the Republican party. Historically, it has always been a "big tent" party: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_tent#United_States and "social conservationism" has always been divided between the religious right (who are often fiscally liberal) and the libertarian middle (who are often fiscally conservative). What's more, you appear to have fallen into the same trap you called out: > They don’t really get those so they kind of dismiss those and they assume that conservatives just like to kill puppies and things like that. > I don’t know what’s happening to it, but it is bringing in elements that are overtly racist. Those elements have always been there, in both parties (more so in the Democratic party up until recently, in fact[0]). It is only in this age of hyper-awareness of race issues that those elements have gained the intense scrutiny of the news cycle. The sad truth is, those who want to see racism will see it only where they want to, and those who do not, will not. The same applies to any other charitable or uncharitable viewing of any other motivation, and our current political situation does not allow for charitable interpretations of others' motives. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_Rights_Act_of_1964#By_pa... See also the founding of the KKK by southern Democrat whites and the targeted violence against white and black Republicans. Kanban is appropriate for maintenance work, but I don't know of too many companies that will invest in a project without at least a general idea of "when will it be done?" and "how much is it going to cost to complete?" Sprints are about accountability. Estimates are supposed to change based on new information, the understanding being that things change- priorities, desired outcomes, designs, sick time, and so forth. Short sprints are designed to surface new information as quickly as possible, rather than waiting until the project is 90% "complete" timeline wise but only 40% effort wise. The Dilbert comic shows a false equivalence; management's expectations are simultaneously deadline, cost and feature driven. There is no management technique that can account for all three of those; not even Kanban. It is entirely reasonable for management to set an expectation for two of the three between deadline, cost and features. The whole point of agile, as I understand it from "Uncle Bob", is that as professionals, developers are expected to provide information and guidance based on their professional opinion. Not only does agile help ensure accountability, but also acts as a continuous feedback cycle for developers to provide new context, information, and ideas as they surface. I did in fact work at a company that was something of a dev shop for marketing agencies, and it was pretty miserable at times, because they inevitably expected contracts that held to all three. Cost was typically the one thing we could get them to budge on as new information came up (i.e. this necessary feature wasn't accounted for) though who actually ate the cost depended on negotiations. I don't think I would enjoy working in a business with no management at all, to be honest. There are things that I am good at, and there is a definite perspective from which I view things, and the same applies to good managers, and there is not a complete overlap between the two. On top of that, they deal with problems that, often as not, I'd rather not have to worry about. If a task cannot be completed within the timeline of a sprint, one of two things are true: 1) The task was not correctly estimated; it is discovered during the sprint that more effort than originally thought is needed. 2) Work that was not accounted for during sprint planning reduced your capacity; things like ad-hoc or unplanned meetings, sick time, peer and code reviews, HR processes, bugs from previous sprints, and so forth. In both cases, the plan that came out of "sprint planning" does not match reality. I don't consider this to be a failure at all. How people react to it can be wrong, however. "Just get it done anyway", failing to inform team leads / managers when the change occurs, etc are unhealthy, because it creates a disconnect in expectations among the team due to either conflicting understanding of the work being done, or changes in expectations about capacity required. It lost effectiveness after a few months for me. On top of that, it gives me very restless legs, to the point that it can actually be harder to fall asleep :/ I picked up an 80v leaf blower, and it's a bit unbalanced but definitely not too heavy to use. It's definitely been one of my happier purchases as far as lawn and yard tools go. > traditional shopkeepers never used to ask for the personal details of the customers Based on that statement, it sounds like you never lived in a small town, or you lived in a twilight zone version of one. To build a client-rendered site? No, vdom is not required. To build a tool with multiple render targets? Maybe, or at least something similar. In particular, the trend of rendering a page via a node.js server, and delivering the rendering logic to the client so that subsequent renders do not require a full round-trip is pretty alluring if you're building something more complex than a blog or run-of-the-mill ecommerce site. https://catberry.org/ is one of the older examples I can think of that do the above sans vdom, though now that I look at it again, it seems to have changed quite a bit in the years since I first found it. We had several other languages once upon a time, but all were proprietary and most only worked through plugins. All were eventally removed from default installs in browsers due to awful security and mobile performance. I wish that article wasn't quite so one-sided. It mentions that 2/3 of 250m of its budget goes towards subsidising or outright housing people, but how many? I.e. if that money went away, how many more homeless would there be? I would imagine that would be a better argument than countering with a different number, since it would actually speak to the effectiveness of their budget. Or, show the budget to be not very effective, though I doubt that to be the case. If you're in range of a 4g LTE tower, an mvno data only plan is more than sufficient. The only wired internet available to my house is dsl, and the company could only guarantee 4mb speed because I'm at the tail end of their network. I found ubifi [1] which was perfect as att are the only strong signal around here. Streaming video is no problem, though large downloads such as VM images really suck. 1 https://www.ubifi.net There are certain advantages to being in an open office, under the right set of conditions: 1- teams sit together 2- people who need to be on their phones (aka sales) are in a different office 3- buffer spaces between communal areas (kitchen, lounge) and desks 4- people respect each other I've been in an open office that followed those rules, and it was actually pretty great, because people helped each other a lot more; a bit like open-ended pair programming if you wanted it. I've also been in an open office that violated all of those rules, and absolutely detested it. Especially that one person who played their radio out loud for the team to "enjoy" and sprayed air freshener everywhere, and the sales people ringing a bell whenever a sale landed, and the kitchen microwaves constantly going off, and and and... it was a minor hell. There are different types of homelessness, and different levels of visibility and effects on the community. On one end of the spectrum, temporary homelessness typically garners the most sympathy, and brings the least trouble in terms of drug use and other petty crime. On the other end, the chronic homeless are harder to deal with. My ex who worked with the local metro homeless population was frustrated by these, who through mental illness and / or drug use were simply not capable of dealing with the responsibilities needed to maintain a home or apartment; things like getting a job and not getting evicted for various bad behavior reasons. The hardest to deal with were those who refused to get help; no medicine, no job training program, no finance management couse, nothing accepted but food and cash. These are the ones who are often the most visible- defecating on sidewalks, drugs, harassing people who are just going about their day. You can have the biggest heart in the world, and you still won't be able to help them short of bringing back forced institutionalization, which no one wants either. It's an interesting idea, but I have no clue how to establish a person's residence when they don't have a street address to receive mail, utility bills, etc. Practically by definition, the homeless do not have residence . People who recently have become homeless would qualify, assuming they could provide mail or something from a year ago, but even that seems like a stretch for most people, I think. Also, I don't know about SF, bit quite a few of the services provided here in the Midwest are privately run (I.e. in association with churches or otherwise non-profit), and I don't know that such a ban could be imposed on them. As a counter-counter argument, More time should be spent thinking than typing; specifically, reasoning through the problem domain and appropriate solutions. Having surface APIs memorized is going to save less time than having a well of experience to draw upon thinking through correct or best solutions. Beyond that, you identified a ton of areas of APIs that are useful to know, but if you understand the fundamentals behind the ideas (i.e. how to use arrays to solve problems, when to get a subset from them, how promises and futures differ from streams, etc) you're 90% of the way there. I think it's less about memorizing the API specific words and knowing the language of the paradigm . I might be splitting hairs a bit on that last point, since they're pretty closely related. But, I think a 10x developer is going to be better distinguished by knowing when to use a future vs. a stream, rather than simply knowing the API method names and signatures for a particular library / language. It has become pretty common. You don't track the days you take off. You are expected to honorthe commitments you make. At most companies this becomes an informal 5-8 weeks. At first, I was extremely skeptical, but it actually works well when you work with people who act like reasonable, understanding adults. If you don't, then the vacation policy won't matter, because it's going to suck working for them no matter what. Most people don't end up taking 5 weeks, and I think 8 is more along the extenuating circumstances - i.e. at one job I needed to leave early on a regular basis to deal with trips to the vet for a very sick dog. My boss was very understanding and since I was one of the more senior and productive team members, no one minded. Honestly, I don't think I would take a job offer that only included 2 weeks vacation, even if the pay was exceptional. Early on in my career I didn't mind not having much vacation, since I rarely, if at all, used it. Now that I'm older, the added flexibility is more important. I had a one hour commute each way at the time, so if i had an appointment, I took the day off / worked from home, depending on the appointment. She was a very, very sick dog, went from healthy and happy to put down because she could no longer eat on her own over the course of 6 months. It was a painful (not to mention expensive) experience. Though, I was also doing some real estate transactions (selling and buying a house) so some of the days were also for that. Maybe it's my level of experience? I've been in the industry over 12 years now, with some variation of senior / staff / principle title for I think 8 of those years. No idea what the market is like in NY, but I would imagine you could also pretty easily negotiate starting with 2.5 or maybe 3 weeks. Just like the list of requirements are a guideline, so too are perks offered on job postings, and you don't actually have to settle for what they first offer you. So long as the labor market for programming is hot, you should take advantage of it. In at least some states, yes, your driver's license needs to have your primary residence on it, or so an officer told me when I was pulled over and i hadnt updated mine yet. I had only recently moved and had no idea if he was a neighbor or lived on the other side of the city. Not that I would have done anything differently otherwise, but I also happen to be a terrible liar. I've heard from multiple managers that offering someone money to stay typically buys another 9 months or so of their employment. They'll soon find other reasons to be looking for a job. There are, of course, exceptions; it's just a general rule. Isn't this how Facebook uses React most of the time as well? I think this (or at least, the use cases) is missing something that NLP also has a hard time with: individual words do not have positive / negative meaning. Hypothetical example: "Hey, you're a cool person! #wannaGoOut ?" "No, I do not #wannaGoOut" Now, in spite of the rejection, the person asking is revealed. The thin veneer of anonymity is utterly lost here. (for those curious about my NLP reference, pretty much any remotely controversial topic, word or hashtag will be used with both positive and negative sentiments) Wealth and income are two different things. Think of income taxes as regulatory capture by those who already have money. The higher the taxes, the greater wealth inequality becomes. Once you have a lot of wealth, you can afford to stop and start new efforts at getting income, while everyone else is stuck taking a salary (and if they're lucky, stock / 401ks). That flexibility lets them stay ahead of the tax laws that keep everyone else down. I hear that recycling li ion batteries requires a lot of pretty nasty chemicals, and wouldn't be surprised if the long tail on handling and cleanup of those plus the actual process is fairly resource intensive. Oil is a pretty nasty chemical too, so I don't know what the balance is. > Personally, I’m amazed whenever I use it but I always wonder for a moment, “what if Apple just made what people wanted?” "What people want" is pretty slippery. For every person I've heard complain about needing the dongle, I've known at least one or two others who exclusively use the wireless ear buds and wouldn't go back. YMMV. Personally, I can't stand wireless ear buds. I've tried to like them on a few occasions, but the trade-offs never really made sense to me. Then again, it's pretty rare that I use my phone for music (and when I do, it's plugged into the car) so I really have no dog in this particular fight. I don't think the IRS or government hires worse people than, say, TurboTax. However, the procurement process for contracting the work is a byzantine nightmare, of which companies who are management and administrative heavy are the only ones who can possibly compete. The net result is you have systems being put together using objectively bad processes and whose outcomes are guaranteed to be more expensive and less likely to work as intended. A former employer of mine was a small startup in the intelligence analysis space, and had a product that generated a lot of interest in various government circles, as it solved some problems better than what they were currently using. The red tape to actually get any sort of contract approved was so tough to get through the owner seriously contemplated hiring a company whose sole purpose was helping other companies negotiate said red tape. In the end, they pivoted to the commercial space. To bring this back to the original point: I would love to have a super-simple tax system that didn't require paying third parties to file for me to make sure that I filled everything out correctly, and leveraged the tax code to best fit my circumstances. However, I do not have much faith that such a thing will come about anytime soon... once bitten, twice shy, that sort of thing. The downside, allegedly, is that the IRS may not operate in good faith and take all of the appropriate deductions, etc. If the tax code were vastly simplified, I think all of the objections go away. To be fair, American exceptionalism has little to do with the glories of our IRS. Our tax code is also absurdly complicated- https://www.businessinsider.com/2014-how-many-pages-in-the-u... as an example. As I've said elsewhere, some of the most significant opposition to the IRS pre-filing taxes is trusting that it operates in good faith - or at least competently - and appropriate applies all deductions that a person is eligible for. Simplifying the tax code would go a long, long way to alleviating most people's concerns, I think. And many people will still go to a private tax service to verify that everything that could be accounted for is accounted for. The concern isn't that people wouldn't be able to make changes, the concern is that people would naively accept whatever they are told they should get back, even if that isn't the case. To be fair though, I think this is somewhat less of an issue after President Trump's tax reforms; with the doubling of the standard deduction, it's become less fruitful for most people to attempt to itemize their deductions. I recently made a 1600 mile trip by car. In all of the places we stopped, I saw exactly one place that had EV charging set up. Tesla, and non-hybrid EV in general, have a co-dependent relationship with charging stations to overcome "range anxiety". This is especially true for those od us who live in cold climates and must drive in conditions unfavorable to operating batteries, such as -20 to -40 degree weather. I'm also very curious to see what the electric pickup trucks that all the manufacturers are not-so-secretly working on end up being capable of. A frequent consequence of rural life is needing to haul heavy things, such as wood for repairing out buildings or outdoor furnaces, or towing boats to go fishing. > most likely the USA Only limited areas of the USA, as evidenced by my recent trip. That'll change over time, but as you also pointed out with the case of non-tesla chargers, one limitation of EV in general is the co-dependency on new infrastructure. Very significant portions of the trip were between large cities. If we had had to zig-zag back and forth between cities with movie theaters or shopping malls that had charges, it would have added a significant number of hours to the trip. Even with an ICE, there was a (small) amount of range anxiety, in that some areas had 30-45 miles between exits with gas stations near by. Get caught up in a podcast or some good music, and if you're not paying attention, it's not impossible to run out of gas out there. I did a bit of research along the route I followed, and the worst stretch seemed to be around 120 miles of no charging stations. The rest of the trip typically had them between 15 and 20 minutes away from the freeway. If I needed to spend an hour (driving off freeway + charging) for every 200 or 250 or even 300 miles, that would have made the drive far less pleasant. I've sold twice, and both times the agents gave me a range to offer at based on how long they thought it might take to sell. They were very much "on my side" so to speak. I think the thing your example overlooks is the power of referrals. The happier you are with them, the more likely you are to refer friends and family to the agent when they ask you for a trustworthy recommendation. Like any sales gig, a network of happy customers takes time to build and is where the real money is at. She rented, not owned. It was under rent control. Why would the estate owe the IRS money? 32, American, was forced to use cursive almost exclusively through I think the 8th grade. After that, everyone stopped caring what we did. Most students switched away from cursive almost immediately, though a few adopted a mix of print and cursive letters. $10 is a free meal, depending on your tastes and where you live. $2 won't even get you a cup of coffee except at a gas station. Jumping up instead of down might be better psychologically, but starting at $2 means practically no participation at all. Wait until you try to get insurance with a partner; the cost more than doubled (presumably to preempt pregnancy or adoption I guess). Wife and I are around $820 / month, and that's with a $5k deductible. > Higher spending appeared to be largely driven by greater use of medical technology and higher health care prices, rather than more frequent doctor visits or hospital admissions. In contrast, U.S. spending on social services made up a relatively small share of the economy relative to other countries. Despite spending more on health care, Americans had poor health outcomes, including shorter life expectancy and greater prevalence of chronic conditions. From your first link. It gloms all spending together without accounting for the lifestyle of our population- obesity rates, exercise, etc. Treatments are available to everyone- that means expensive care for even the elderly, who would otherwise me deemed "not worth the cost" to government budgets. https://www.bma.org.uk/connecting-doctors/b/the-bma-blog/pos... https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.smh.com.au/business/workpla... No, not everything over here is perfect. The takeaway is that there is much more to care than spending / "outcome". The idea is that the ice mass is increasing, because the millenia-old snow cover over the ice is melting and compacting into the ice sheet itself. Took me a few reads to reconcile that myself. When I interviewed there, one of the interviewers took me to a window and pointed out all of the different buildings amazon either owned outright or had office space in. It was impressive, at least to realize just how big Amazon actually is. I don't know that it's healthy for one company to dominate so much space, either from the company's perspective or a city's. At that point, with workers already being remote from each other (blocks or miles apart) it would seem to make more sense to me to focus on getting the company shifted to full remote work for anyone not needed in a data, phone or product center. There are certain things that I miss about working in an office, but I don't know that I'll ever take another job that isn't remote again. My current company is paying 100%. The rates jump going from 1 to 2 people, and then again when you throw in kids. This has been my experience at most places, aside from the company fully covering the cost. The $820 number is entirely their contribution. If we did have kids and needed them to be covered, we'd run out of what the company offers to cover up to ($10k / year) and have to start contributing as well. The premiums for flood insurance can be pretty steep, and I would be extremely surprised if the fund operated at a loss. In my case, the annual premium is a little over 1% of the covered value, even though the historical record high (back in the 1960's) would probably only require about 10% of the total coverage purchased to replace (in this case, mostly from a few out buildings that are a little lower than the house itself). After doing some more digging, it turns out that roughly 20% of NFIP policies are subsidized, and the up-to $30b debt was authorized by Congress in 2012 due to the shortfalls. 80% of the policies (the non-subsidized ones) are thought to be actuarially sound, barring unintended consequences of out-of-date flood maps. So, I'm not terribly surprised. Were it operating like a traditional insurer, it might even be doing fine (especially if it had some other reforms such as eliminating or having better oversight over WYO policies). My experience with the XPS 13 has been pretty meh. Most things work reasonably well, except for using USB-C for an external monitor and the keyboard isn't holding up as well as I'd like. My biggest gripe is the wireless- there's a room in my house where every other laptop gets plenty sufficient signal (mb air, chromebook, windows) BUT the xps gets such a weak signal it's almost impossible to browse the internet. If I wasn't worried about bricking it and all the config tweaks needed to get things like sleep and power management to work, I'd throw linux on the air and call it a day. Hemp was removed from the Controlled Substances Act at the end of 2018 [0]. However, I would not be surprised if there were additional state level regulations, though I haven't really looked yet. [0] https://www.fda.gov/newsevents/newsroom/pressAnnouncements/u... Disposal already costs; either you pay directly, through taxes if your local municipality organizes it, or your rent if your property owner organizes it. The cost of disposal varies by where it is disposed, not where it is purchased or made. It makes no sense to add an arbitrary cost to a product when the receiver of that money is not the one dealing with the externality in the first place. The same goes for carbon emissions; a properly managed landfill that captures released methane is in fact a method of carbon sequestration. Adding a carbon tax would merely create a new slush fund or dump into an existing one. If anything, that sounds like a solid argument to decentralize it. I don't want China's government, white supremacists, churches, soccer moms, Jihadis or grievance-of-the-month activists controlling how information is indexed; I would rather use multiple indexes that balance out controlling interests and biases. My point was that the added cost should be reflected in the collection of waste, not the point of sale, because there aren't any externalities yet, and so there isn't anything to calculate. As for landfills being cheap, that isn't a bad thing. That means the externalities at those sites are low. I live near an old one that was turned into a 50 acre prairie restoration space with about 2 miles of walking paths and full of wildlife. As others pointed out, burying carbon does sequester it. Methane capture merely prevents it from getting back out when it is nutrient and water dense (aka food waste). Only small amounts of the carbon are converted to methane... enough that capture is worthwhile, but there is certainly a significant portion remaining below ground. My father's side of the family is Bohemian (western Czech). I was always curious as to why artsy-hippies use 'bohemian' as an adjective. Come to find out, French aristocratic youth rebelled and started dressing like the colorful, poor Romani (getting the label haute bohème ) and the general stereotype that said poor Eastern Europeans must also obviously be from the nearest "eastern" country. So, cultural appropriation and misidentification going back to the 19th century (an insult to both the Romani and the Bohemians). Also strangely, I recall my father's older relatives frequently telling terrible jokes about and referencing others of the same identity as "bohunks" which I didn't discover until a few years ago was a racial slur. In a way, their adoptation of it seems to have been similar to the frequent use of the n-word in black hip-hop, rap and edgier pop culture. There are similar stories about my mother's side of the family. The world is a strange, complex place, and somehow boiling that family history down to "white" just doesn't do it justice. > Now if only they could mandate that every board has to have someone poor on it. Unless the board positions are unpaid and merely advisory, then whoever joined would be de-facto not poor. Unless, of course, they were paid minimum wage while everyone else was paid normal wages for board level positions. Either of those options would be absurdly patronizing, in my opinion. The title felt a bit misleading- this is more a gripe of git and the approaches to mono and multi repos with git. I'm not following the call for something new, though: > A source control that treats CI, CD, and releases as first-class citizens, rather than relying on the very useful add-ons provided by GitHub and its community. I'm not a die-hard every-tool-should-do-exactly-one-thing-the-way-the-unix-gods-intended type of person, but in this case, I really feel that source control should stick to being source control. Hooks and add-ons are great precisely because things like CI and CD came after, and who knows what the new rage will be 5 or 10 years from now. Building everything for today's workflow into a single tool means that by the time it's ready, the "today's" workflow won't be cool anymore, and we'll have other newer tools and processes that this new source control can't support :/ I'm a second generation American, and acknowledge that I am a legacy of my heritage. However, I do not really define myself as such, as I am more than just the sum product of genes. My brother was in Czechia on a recent business trip, and between his looks and last name, everyone there assumed he was a local... until he opened his mouth, at least. If I am asked on a form, I'll typically put decline to answer or other. However, I also acknowledge that how to reconcile the history of your family with your own identity as an individual is a difficult and personal decision... especially when the law is involved, such as / for example around tribal memberships. Rehab- proper rehab with counselling and treatment- is expensive. Offering work to help pay the cost makes it much more accessible, and there is definitely a theraputic effect to be had from manual labor (exercise) and a regular schedule. As long as the people there were (a) there voluntarily, (b) could leave at will, and (c) knew what they were getting into, I dont see anything wrong with it. Of course, if they were not actually getting treatment, or if the work was considered all of the "treatment" they would get, then it's an outright sham and should be sued on malpractice grounds. JS, no. A hand rolled framework is going to be a hindrance the more feature-ful your site becomes. OTOH, css frameworks go the other way. The more you have to do, the more apparent that bootstrap etc. get in your way, largely because css isn't a "complete" language. I know some few who swear by them, but the majority of people I know who did html/css exclusively for years feel they can write by hand anything they would want from bootstrap in less time than they would waste in fighting things like selector specificity and other inflexible choices. YMMV of course, and you can pry postcss + preset-env + mixins from my cold, dead hands. N=1, but exercise was not useful for me. If anything, the cool-down period afterwards just encouraged me to avoid doing anything, and the pain of strenuous exrrcise also added to the misery index. I did, however, find a medicine that worked wonders. Since then, I have worked out 30-45 minutes 5 days a week, but I certainly don't notice a difference in mood from before and after i started working out again. Edit: I want to make clear that this is not a rebuttal of what worked for you, but a point to consider when discussing with others who may be suffering. If you speak in absolutes about what works, and they find that it does not work for them, they may end up feeling even more hopeless. From my observations, it seems that the vocal opposition is far outnumbered by the quiet supporters. My small town library is expanding, not simply for more room for books, but also to make it a nicer space for events and programs open to the community. The internet situation out here is also pretty bad (I use ubifi), so it's handy for those who are low income to access the internet without using data from their cell phone. Upper midwest here. Hourly predictions are accurate more often than not, and a few days out is chancey. Big storms are often exaggerated, though I suspect that's because the risk of flooding, ice and other hazardous travel conditions are serious enough to be overly cautious. We had predictions for major snowfalls a few times, and every time was completely overblown, and then one hit exactly as predicted. Definitely glad I wasn't on the road that evening. If the inputs are truly CO2 and electricity, and 100% gets converted to usable hydrocarbons, then there's no waste water; the catalyst and water remain behind. Assuming some water is lost due to electrolysis, you can top it off over time. If the catalyst breaks down, or some undesired reaction limits efficiency (i.e. generation of perioxide or other undesired chemicals that degrade or react with the membrane, electrodes, catalyst, etc) then I think there might be some treatment or maintenance necessary. However, none of this sounds remotely as bad as the treatment needed in the production of petrochemicals or lithium batteries or recycling. I wasn't really sure how much of the o2 generated came from the co2 and how much came from the water. Either way, I don't see "waste water" to be as big an issue as the earlier posts i was replying to did. Because 100% of the oil doesn't go to fuel or plastic. There are different chemicals distilled and they have different purposes, such as making asphalt, lanolin, naptha, paraffin wax, kerosene / jet fuel, and other goodies. Maybe 40-50% of a barrel of oil at most becomes gasoline and diesel, 4% becomes plastic. Add on top of that the difficulty in getting people to recycle plastic instead of throwing it out or littering, and you have a very inefficient supply chain for your energy production. So other people can contribute via pull requests, or if the person who put it up doesn't maintain it, someone else can fork it and full dead projects? Also, if there is a problem with rhe inclusion of something on the list (severe vulnerability that isn't patched, etc) people can have a conversation about it in the issues section. IMHO, this is a better option than random blog posts or single-page-domain-spam for the above reasons. I dont know if a new "awesome X" repo is appropriate for HN but they are certainly useful for plenty of people given their popularity, and I have seen all of the above happen in other instances, so they seem better to me than a run-of-the-mill blog post or single page domain. The machines aren't going to operate perfectly at first. This is likely a trial run on very specific types of goods (dimensions, weights, etc). After 6 months or a year, the lessons learned about what worked and didn't will get rolled into the next round of automation, or an entirely different approach will be taken instead. I used to work at a water filter factory, and this is exactly what happened there. One production line used the old, 7 person crew, and a new, more automated one was brought in for a different filter size that needed only 2 or 3 people. The ways that the two lines could cause batches to fail varied, and the company gave it some time to figure out which line ended up being more cost effective over X investment payoff period. I didn't stick around long enough to see which one "won" out, but the automated process wasn't a clear winner by the time I had left. Have there been any "successful" UBI experiments? I've seen results from a few that didn't pan out as expected, but conclusions were generally either that the method was flawed (which might be a cop-out) or that the amount provided didn't rise to the level of "true" UBI. I'm genuinely curious as to whether it could replace other existing welfare programs, or if it would exacerbate self-destructive behaviors in the absence of opportunities for earned and delayed gratification. UBI is substantially different than just handing out cash. The basic premise: 1) It is sufficient to provide a "basic" level of income 2) It is more efficient than targeted welfare programs (medicare, medicaid, food stamps, etc) 3) Community outcomes are improved by way of economic (retraining / small business starting), health (less stress / more treatment) and poverty (less stress = smarter financial choices) So far, I haven't seen any experiment actually test any of those things. I don't know of any where participation has been contingent upon giving up other programs (so we don't know if it's better than targeted welfare), and none have lasted long enough to know if any behavior changes were influenced by the knowledge that the cash was going to be cut off in the future. As such, I haven't seen much "success" in the way of UBI experiments. Without points 1, 2 or 3, all you're testing is whether or not giving financially strapped people no-strings-attached money makes them happier and less stressed. Of course it does, at least in the short term (longer-term studies have demonstrated that money does not, in fact, buy happiness). That doesn't mean that any of this is good public policy, that it would be better than current policies, or that it would improve long-term outcomes. Notably, your Finland link indicated that there was no change to employment rates, which is unfortunate, and I think undermines a lot of the arguments I've heard from proponents of UBI- that people who are less stressed financially will be able to make better use of their time training into new industries, start small businesses, etc. > Why should UBI be any different? It's the "U" part. Taking money from the middle and upper classes just to give it back to them is inherently inefficient and entirely pointless. Additionally, I disagree that it has been researched to death. People have infinite wants, and we have finite means. I would personally rather see this play out at a smaller level in reality (not a time limited trial that biases the outcome) before we go all in on 300 million people. And if we are not going to be replacing existing programs with it, I would rather not see it happen at all. That's my personal preferences based on what I currently know, at least. Many people prefer this to an in-person whiteboard challenge. It's lower stress, and doesn't require taking additional time off from your current employer. A 2-4 hour challenge is less time than I've spent in interviews at some companies, and would gladly have done it prior to an in-person interview given the option. That way, the actual interview time could have been spent talking about things of value, rather than having them stare at me while I white-board out problems around graph data structures and recursion and whatever other trite trivia they can come up with. > To be useful for discriminating between competent candidates, I helped redesign the code challenge at one of the companies I worked for. We (the people across the different technical disciplines we hired for) put a lot of effort into ensuring that: * the challenge could be completed in 4 hours * the challenge resembled the sort of work people would do on the job * the goal of the challenge was to inform a follow up interview, not punish people * candidates were explicitly told that they were not being timed, but that we expected the challenge should take them up to 4 hours to give an idea of the upper-bound level of effort expected The single biggest challenge was balancing "what do we need to know" versus "what would we like to know" versus the amount of time we were asking of our candidates. We didn't hard-fail anyone unless they were blatantly not a good fit from their submission, and I habitually wrote multiple pages of feedback for them so they at least got something for their time if they didn't get a follow up interview. Again, the purpose of the challenge was not a screen, so much as it was to help guide the in-person interview and so we had something concrete that we could discuss. Follow up edit: Designing code challenges is hard . You have to avoid something so objective it can be copy-pasted from stack overflow, but objective enough that it can be graded free from personal bias (as much as possible anyway). On top of that, you can't test for MVC+CQRS+FP+SOLID+every-other-possible-thing under the sun, because you have to be respectful of candidate's times. The previous code challenge (the one I replaced) would frequently take people 8-20 hours to complete, and it was actually pretty simple. As you rightly pointed out though, candidates often read far more into the requirements than were actually there, and would often over-achieve in an effort to stand out. Not only would those submissions waste their time, it wasted ours as well as they took longer to develop feedback from. Again, in our case, we didn't use it as a screen unless the code was an unmitigated disaster or didn't complete the basic requirements. So, if someone submitted something that could have been done better, see might ask what could be done to improve it in the follow up interview. A good answer would include the technical bits, and a better answer would describe the time recommendation and why a more polished version would take longer or be considered over-architecting. This purpose- to inform a conversation with a concrete, familiar code base- is better than both take-home screen assignments as well as the in-person whiteboard exercises, which encourage route memorization and don't reflect the nature of the job we were hiring for. Both middle class (35k-100k income) and the poor groups are shrinking as a percentage of the population. Mobility is upwards, not down. Right. Some companies use it as a screen, we used it to inform the interview. Two of the last three companies I interviewed at had at least 4 hours of in-person interviews. One of those (for a regular developer position, around 7 years ago) had multiple whiteboard sessions with different people. The problems were trivial to solve if you had access to google or had memorized basic data structures and related algorithms. Instead of taking half an hour or an hour talking about the code I'd written to solve a problem representative of what the actual job entailed, we spent 4x as much time (during business hours) talking about things freshmen learn in CS programs (I'm assuming here, I didn't get a CS degree). Even if the total amount of time is the same, or even greater, I still prefer the take-home assignment because I can do it on my own time, rather than taking off of work, and - if done correctly - makes for a much interview. As a candidate, you learn far more about the people you're going to be working with than in a whiteboard session as well. The raw numbers don't lie. Both brackets (0-35k and 35k-100k) have been shrinking as a percetage of the population, with 100k+ growing. Say what? I've lived with septic systems all my life (aside from a few years in a big city) and we've always flushed toilet paper. Wet wipes, paper towel, tampons never get flushed. Toilet paper always does. I don't know about the NYC subways, but a number of jurisdictions in the US see metro councils / transportation authorities deciding to not check tickets at all, because of "disproportionate impacts" for certain racial groups. It seems absurd to me to advocate petty lawlessness, but the public transportation systems are all so far underwater that checking ride tickets isn't going to practically move the needle anyway. I suppose my use of the word "ticket" could have been swapped for "fare" but the point stands: https://www.wweek.com/news/courts/2018/09/22/judge-rules-ran... https://pamplinmedia.com/pt/9-news/424036-329673-lawmaker-wa... https://www.citylab.com/perspective/2019/02/washington-fare-... https://usa.streetsblog.org/2017/11/02/cleveland-police-enfo... https://ggwash.org/view/69171/a-new-report-highlights-the-st... Those were the top of a very brief search. If I looked a bit more, I'm sure I could find more examples backing up my original claim. There's nothing ridiculous about the assertion at all. That is indeed the argument I have heard for not checking fares / tickets, and I think was the last link I proveded elsewhere on this thread. One of the light rail trains near me is subsidized to the tune of 30 or so dollars per ride, so it's not like catching the small percentage of evaders will actually make a dent (that's probably 6 or more times the fare cost). But it does seem like encouraging it by doing nothing at all is a bad idea. I don't really see forks or pull requests as being part of the git protocol. They are part of a workflow- no different than, say "git flow" is a workflow, not part of the protocol of how, why and when branching happens. Further, github isn't looking to "extinguish" git in any way. Sure, old workflows (emailing patches?) might not be supported, but again, that's something entirely external to git itself. As these things are all external to git, it makes sense that they're not portable between vendors- they are the vendor's, not git's, features. You're not using them from within git, you're using the vendor's features to interact with git. That's the primary difference between, say, M$FT's EEE of Java or AOL's instant messenger, HTML and other examples. What open standard? Email? Github doesn't change git, it changes the workflows around it. Even if everyone used github, they're still using vanilla git underneath. > There were also assignments given to each student in turn, of the type "this is the position you are going to defend -- you have two hours to prepare, then you must front a debate in front of the class where you defend this viewpoint, regardless of whether you agree with it or not". Unless the positions were somehow inherently dangerous (i.e. advocating violence or similar) that's how you learn to debate. It forces you to consider viewpoints that don't align with your gut instinct. In the US, high school debate competitions all revolve around a single topic, and you alternate rounds between defending and opposing it. One such topic I recall a lot of people struggling with (compared to other topics) was "An oppressive government is better than no government" or something along those lines. Now, if the debate were something like "Women deserve to be paid less than men" I can understand being exceptionally uncomfortable being forced to defend that position.