The first diagram in the first study you referenced [1] puts the observed rate of myocarditis among patients -without- COVID at 450 per 5 million (9 per 100k). That is much higher than the rate of myocarditis among the entire vaccinated Israeli [2] cohort (125 per 5 million) you mentioned. The issue is that you're not comparing apples to apples. The Israeli data is looking at the entire population that received the vaccine. The COVID study is only looking at hospitalized patients with/without COVID which is a subset of the entire population restricted entirely to those experiencing the most severe symptoms. This is not an easy problem to solve. A more apples to apples comparison [3] puts the COVID:vaccine myocarditis ratio at about 6:1, but it also suffers from a bias. In order to measure those rates they relied on the population that tested positive for COVID. This excludes the population of individuals which were infected with COVID but did not received a diagnosis who presumably also had a near 0 rate of myocarditis. This bias [presumably] becomes more pronounced at lower age groups where COVID displays milder symptoms making it less likely to end up diagnosed. Finally, there is also the consideration that while the vaccines have not yet changed - COVID has. And its likely that the omicron strain will have a different distribution of side effects. It's a difficult problem to solve, and conflicts of interest abound make it all even more challenging. [1] - https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/70/wr/mm7035e5.htm [2] - https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-021-02740-y [3] - https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.07.23.21260998v... It's even worse. You're only counting tuition there: https://admission.ucla.edu/tuition-aid/tuition-fees The current total cost for UCLA is $36,297 per year for California residents, $28,408 if you're living with relatives. That is for the 9 months per year fall/spring session, so summer school/housing/etc is not included. This is also only for your direct educational expenses. In that budget your "personal" expenditures are set at about $5/day which includes entertainment, recreation, clothing, etc. And perhaps the biggest problem of all is that it is intentionally made exceptionally easy to take out additional loans, generally just clicking an extra button while setting up your schedule/financing for the next semester. As most college age individuals (let alone those attending a decent university) expect they're going to be millionaires at some point, it is an exceptionally exploitative system feeding off widespread completely unrealistic life expectations. It's easy to rationalize how much nicer $xxxxx would make your life today, while how little value it will have tomorrow. But for most, tomorrow will never come. > Training on all the jQuery code won’t yet give you an AI that can write React. If AI genuinely took over coding then languages would become obsolete. The most basic turing complete language, probably some sort of RISC assembly, would be all that would ever be needed. But when will we get there? A decade ago it seemed like fully autonomous self driving vehicles were just around the corner. Now? Well that corner seems a lot further away than it did then, simply because the problems getting from 99% to 100% are proving quite resilient. Sigmoid curves look exponential on the way up... I don't think it's about the computing, but about the entire shift in worldview required to accept that what you perceive to be true isn't necessarily so. This is much more of an emotional issue than a logical or analytical one. It also naturally trends towards Betrand Russell's, "The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt." It's one thing to state you understand this and another altogether to live it. It's not pleasant. And I find many who even claim to have adopted this sort of worldview are instead just as cocksure of themselves, but instead of meeting other notions with rejection, they meet them with 'compassionate condescension.' When it becomes impossible to be able to reasonably comfortably speak against a consensus, that consensus loses any sort of meaning because it becomes impossible to determine whether it's being upheld by coercion or not. It also becomes completely impossible to carry out science in such an environment because such pressures invariably leak into e.g. universities, career opportunities, grants, and so on. So without being able to reasonably comfortably speak against a scientific consensus you end up with neither science nor a consensus. The data tables they provide information on exactly what the conditions were. The top several (which make up the wide majority overall) are: - Diabetes - Chronic lower respiratory diseases - Hypertensive diseases - Diseases of the urinary system - Ischaemic heart diseases - Symptoms signs and ill-defined conditions - Dementia and Alzheimer's disease - Heart failure and complications and ill-defined heart disease The "symptoms signs and ill-defined conditions" is described here [1]. Basically signs and symptoms of other issues but for which there was no diagnosis made or available. That was marked as one of the preexisting condition(s) for 17.4% of the 65+ years old cohort, and 1% of the 0-64 years old cohort. [1] - https://www.icd10data.com/ICD10CM/Codes/R00-R99 It seems to me that as we reach such levels of advancement that time will gradually start to lose meaning. Even if we continue to die on about a 100 year interval, the fact that during such interval one could experience millions of years of history will again really blur any meaning. It leads to lots of really interesting and fun sci-fi that somehow hasn't really been dug into sufficiently yet along the same lines as the Twin Paradox [1]. We send out a colonization ship traveling at some relatively fixed acceleration rate that (from the perspective of those on the ship) will arrive at their uninhabited destination millions of light years away in about 40 years. Then thousands of years later (from the perspective of those on the planet) we make a breakthrough enabling us to develop ships with several times the acceleration, and send another ship to the same destination. The first ship we sent out may arrive only to discover that the planet is at a late stage of development having been colonized by the second ship of humans tens of thousands of years ago. I mean imagine landing and the humans on a planet are no longer even "human" in the sense that you knew - technological and biological evolution alike leaving you as a relic from the past. Though even for those who do not travel. Imagine yourself being one of the people on said planet. From your perspective, such relics of ancient past arriving and departing, would also be a regular occurrence. The entire idea of time starts to get really strange. Also the above is not entirely just theoretical. For instance the exact same phenomena that bends time every which way, also causes particles in particle accelerators, traveling at relativistic rates relative to their observers, to decay much slower than they would otherwise - which is pretty neat and handy! [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_paradox How is it pretending? If we go back some time there might have been a parallel argument being made where one side was convinced that the solution to enable greater food stability and surplus was more farmers, and the other side was convinced that the solution was better technology. Neither side is really wrong, they just have different perspectives. Most problems can be solved in a practically infinite number of ways. Fear and logic can look the same from the outside when logic dictates caution. Do you "fear" fire? You understand it, and know what you can and cannot do with it. Yet your aversion to ever letting it exist outside of very tight controlled scenarios, and perhaps panic if you saw it spreading uncontrollably quickly, would look an awful lot like fear to somebody who didn't understand what fire was. I think the main difference is that fear is an emotional response. And this important because emotions can often misguide us are also easily exploited. For instance, racism is often a product of fear. People see some group of people engaging in crime at a higher rate than usual, and start to fear all people of this group as criminals even when that fear and prejudice is completely unjustified. And tyrants since time immemorial have used "fear the other group" as a rallying cry for self righteous horrible acts in the name of a better tomorrow that never comes. So in your examples is it primarily fear driving behaviors, or primarily logic/rationality? Here is the 'Paradox of Tolerance': >Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.—In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be most unwise. >But we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols. >We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal. The one thing one may claim is that it is not immediately clear is what he means by intolerance or intolerant groups, yet he leaves little ambiguity in the second section above. I think there would by hypocrisy if you had the same people who supported censorship in the past now opposing it, though even then it begs the question of whether that is hypocrisy or simply an evolution of views. But as for parties, in the US there are, for all intents and purposes, only two parties. And as the views of society change, these parties change out of necessity. To give another example, as recently as 2004 [1] the majority of those within the "US left" to use your phrasing, opposed gay marriage, and as recently as 2012 leading "US left" politicians were publicly opposed to it. Then in a remarkably brief period of time LGBT rights (including marriage) become a fundamental cornerstone of the party's political identity. It's not really hypocrisy so much as the fact that in order to maintain electoral dominance, the parties need to adopt to society. They (the parties) can then do the mental gymnastics to rationalize on their platforms how big war and surveillance is small government, or how censorship is liberal, afterwards. And this isn't just a contemporary phenomena. Sometime from the mid 19th to early 20th century the parties swapped their positions on nearly everything. And this was entirely organic - it's not like the groups just made an official decision to nameswap. I could illustrate this with details, but it's much easier to just use an example. Abraham Lincoln was a republican, and every single confederate state was democrat. The transition from democrats becoming republicans and vice versa is something you can find plentiful hits online for if you're interested in more details. [1] - https://news.gallup.com/poll/350486/record-high-support-same... It's definitely not just the publishers. I think rackets like this work so effectively because bellies get buttered all the way down. At one class at my university (an early chem class) the author of the book was also the professor of the course. And each year it was a new version which didn't do a whole lot more than fix some typos, introduce some new ones to be fixed next year, and change (probably automatically through software) the problem sets. Then you'd be forced to buy new copies at full price from the campus book store. And at the end they'd then buy them back for you for a few dimes on the dollar so long as they were in "like-new" condition. And while I don't know what they did with them then I expect at that point they were sold to other universities at a discount for them to start the racket all over again with a set of now "like-new" text books. Really nobody has any motivation whatsoever to change the system besides the student. Though even there most students seemed frustrated but simultaneously pretty apathetic. Everybody of course realized it was a racket, but didn't really care to make too much of a fuss over it since endless loans and the like all make it feel somehow like the money involved is not really real. And, after all, in a decade or two we'd all be millionaires. It seems to me that chess rather exposes a common fallacy in games now a days. So many games in an effort to create "deep" systems somewhat intuitively turn to creating convoluted and complex systems of rules. But the problem is in so many cases once you understand the rules in play, it reveals the game itself to be little more than a deeply obfuscated roshambo. By contrast with chess you can learn every single rule in about 5 minutes, and then spend the remaining 80 years of your life exploring their depths. Complex != deep, simple != shallow. For some more chess candy, here [1] is a video of Magnus Carlsen, current world champion (and arguably the strongest player of all time), playing a bunch of exceptionally strong players in a 2.5 hour blitz (3 minutes for each side) session while also giving some exceptionally insightful commentary. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjv1-14-SuU That's not even the half of it. It's not only building a record of who came in and out, but what they did, where they went, what or who they "engaged" with in the house, and arbitrarily more granular information. And the person visiting your house, on average, has no clue any of this is happening. I can speak from the chess world, as a coach. I used to believe there was really no such thing as talent largely based on my own experience as I started relatively late, don't consider myself talented, and reached a reasonably high level at the game. I kind of still do think there's no such thing as talent, but that comes with a bunch of asterisks. If you take two people and expose them to normal training regimens, different people will have different results - and frequently extremely different results. One could argue that the person who performed worse might have performed better if given exposure to a different regimen but in practice I find those that tend to overperform in one regimen tend to overperform in other regimens as well. The catch is that the outcome is largely predicted by how the student responds to the training itself. The person who finds it interesting and enjoyable is going to dramatically outperform compared to the person who may be highly motivated by an outcome (wanting to become a good player) but doesn't especially enjoy the process - tactical training, game analysis, etc. And so talent may not just be some innate ability at something but rather an innate preference, which is going to be the product of a million other things, for enjoying certain things. An amusing anecdote in the chess world came from retired World Champion Vladimir Kramnik. He recently casually remarked that now that he's retired he's spending less than 50% of his time with chess, as if as if he was just kicking back and neglecting the game by only dedicating 40% of his life to it. Obviously there are some genetic factors like the ability to visualize/concentrate/etc that people usually think they are talking about when referring to talent. But the role those play will only start to matter when people reach some level at least vaguely approaching their potential, but they'll never get anywhere near that level without the thousands of hours of work and training that they'll likely never complete without a love of that work itself. This is probably just a really long-winded way of repeating Thomas Edison, "Genius is 1% inspiration, 99% perspiration." The only catch is whether you have the capacity to put out that 99% perspiration. The Flynn effect has been observed to have reversed in a number of nations in Scandinavia and elsewhere. [1] Scandinavia is the typical test bed because of have compulsory military enlistment paired with IQ testing. And the declines are quite substantial with Norway seeing a 5 point decline between individuals born in 1991 compared to those born in 1975, and a 3 point decline compared to those born in 1962. Big meta studies may miss this because its a relatively new trend, and IQ is full of a million biases that can just generate noise when combined. When people are young, their IQ is significantly influenced by environmental factors, but as they age genetic factors become dominant. And in countries without some form of compulsory testing, sample biases abounds. As for the past gains, look at height! Height is reasonable proxy for nutrition and globally it's just skyrocketed [2]. Japan is one of the more extreme examples, with their average height increasing by about half a foot since 1896! [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flynn_effect#Possible_end_of_p... [2] - https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/average-height-of-men?tab... Imagine this [1] scene playing out during one of the various protest come riot movements in the US over the past years. That is John McCain giving a speech to the protesters in the capitol of Ukraine, telling them that America is with them and that Europe will make Ukraine better. And to be clear he was doing this while the democratically elected [pro-Russian] president was still securely in office and would be for months to come. I feel like we largely lack any perspective because so many of things that are happening are something so completely foreign to us that it's difficult to even realistically imagine it. Imagine if Russia formed a 'defensive' military alliance whose primary mission was to contain the US. And they then gave speeches, such as McCain's, in Mexico City shortly before a pro-US Mexican government was overthrown by an insurrection and replaced with a pro-Russian one. And then they now moved to integrate the new Mexico into their military alliance which would undoubtedly result in 'defensive' weapons, arms, soldiers, etc being placed right along the US border - possibly to the point of imperiling our credible nuclear deterrent. I would certainly agree that Ukraine is not just a US pawn and wants to decide it's own fate, and deserves that. But there's also no doubt that it's political present and future is instead repeatedly decided by outside actors. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93eyhO8VTdg I decided to run a binomial on it, because these sort of things can be quite counter-intuitive, and I was also curious! My only assumption was a lifetime of 80 years. And it turns out the magic rate to get a 40% criminal injury expectation (over a lifetime of 80 years) is if you're in an area with a violent crime rate of at least 6.4 crimes per 1000 people per year. The FBI gives [1] a national violent crime rate (in 2019) of 366.7 per 100,000, so 3.7 per 1000. However, in the 90s the violent crime rate peaked at 7.6 per 1000 [2] and wouldn't fall below 6.4 until 1996. So the conclusion is that his numbers seem pretty much spot on. Of course it's also somewhat misleading in another way though. Violent crime is not normally distributed and influenced heavily by demographics and location. Detroit has an aggravated assault rate (which is just one component of the criminal injury rate) of 15.2 per 1000 people, while Irvine, California has a rate of 0.2 per 1000 people. It's one of the many cases where the average doesn't really tell you anything at all about your own chances for an outcome. [1] - https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2019/crime-in-the-u.s.-... [2] - https://www.statista.com/statistics/191219/reported-violent-... If somebody resorts to the lowest common denominator, they become the lowest common denominator. You're starting at a local max as a baseline and then comparing after what happened from the sanctions of 2014 (after Crimea) paired with very low oil prices followed by the coronapocalypse when their economy was starting to kick back into gear. This [1] page shows the yearly drops more clearly. But I think most importantly is that as the US (and increasingly everywhere in the world) emphasizes, GDP/capita often is a poor measurement of how the people themselves are doing. Here [2] is a graph of the change in real wages [2]. That is better than most places in the EU and is continuing upward in spite of ever more sanctions. The big question is what impact the current wave of sanctions will have. And how that will jive with what may be persistently very high oil prices. [1] - https://tradingeconomics.com/russia/gdp [2] - https://tradingeconomics.com/russia/wages While I agree it's amazing and inspiring, I'd also emphasize that we have pictures [1] and even sounds [2] from the surface of Venus and it's 91 atmospheres of surface pressure alongside 900F degree surface temperature. Those are from 40+ years ago. 20 years before that, we'd never sent a single object into space. And so if you asked people from that time first consuming that media what they imagine the world (in terms of space) would look like 40 years later, us looking at somewhat higher resolution pictures from Mars would sound skeptical to the point of absurdity. [1] - https://www.planetary.org/articles/every-picture-from-venus-... [2] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jZDW53U8qQ As a fun factoid this is one of the few things that was intentionally fudged in "The Martian." Andy Weir was well aware that the most brutal sandstorm on Mars would feel like a slight breeze, but felt it was one of the more interesting ways to create a catastrophe. That in itself is really phenomenally encouraging for the future developments on the planet - when one of the things a hard sci-fi book has to resort to fiction on is the trigger for catastrophe! Look to the history of the world. Nearly every single awful tragedy in our world has been motivated by (from the perspective of the person doing such actions) good intentions. The grand utopia said villains had in mind when carrying out their misdeeds never came to pass, but the horrible actions done in the name of it most certainly did. You cannot predict the future; your actions will often have consequences far outside that which you intend. And there's an extremely good chance that what you intend to happen will never happen anyhow! This ultimately makes Machiavellianism somewhat of a non-starter. The ends cannot logically justify the means when you cannot even truly know what the ends ever will be. All you can be certain of is that we will experience the "means." Make the world as you would have others make it for you. The other choice is a siege. See the Siege of Sarajevo [1]. A dramatically numerically inferior force (by 5:1) laid siege to a numerically superior, but poorly equipped, force that was intermittently supported by the UN/NATO. It lasted just under 4 years, and ended in a stalemate and some absolute horror stories from survivors. And of course if a city under siege cannot get sufficient resources in and is not self sufficient (let alone while under siege), then a siege can end a conflict extremely quickly. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege_of_Sarajevo I seriously hope I am straw manning you, but I don't think I am? Are you implying that invading countries and the consequent devastation of their population is something we should accept or tolerate because they don't have the "right" political system? The same political system where we are supposed to be able to oppose these wars and decide our own future, yet remain powerless to do in spite of largely overwhelming support against them? In Iraq estimates for the total (and now severely dated) deathtoll [1] range from "just" hundreds of thousands to over a million. That's in a country that had a population of 25 million just before the war (2002). So the higher end of that measurement sees us having killed, or been otherwise responsible, for more the deaths of more than 4% of the population. Beyond the barbaric and reckless brutality of it all, it also amounts to less than nothing. Democracy doesn't work in countries where people are polarized. In Iraq you have three mostly incompatible groups if Shia, Sunni, and Kurds. And large chunks of each group would be perfectly happy to see the others wiped off the face of this Earth. In this case democracy degenerates into an unstable tyranny of the majority. A problem we're likely to see if divisions within the country continue going in the current direction. So in our brave new Iraq, the past 4 years have seen endless political assassination, insurrections, and the government killing hundreds of protesters against it all. Since the formation of the new Iraq style of government in 2004, only 2 of 6 prime ministers have managed to complete a single term. And one of the two guys that completed a single term was forced out by an insurrection shortly after the start of his second term. The vast majority of Iraqis felt they were better off under Saddam. But hey, wrong political system - right? And Iraq looks like a utopia compared to most of the other countries we "democratized." [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casualties_of_the_Iraq_War Before ratifying the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty in 2000, Russia and formerly the USSR carried out a total of 715 nuclear tests. Since 2000 the US has regularly made allegations that Russia has been secretly carrying out various low yield nuclear tests. This was part of the justification stated for our pulling out of the intermedia rate nuclear forces treaty. They have also been developing novel nuclear weapons such as the Poseidon torpedo system [1] the creates artificial radioactive tsunamis through targeted underwater nuclear detonations. There was also a report from the Congressional Research Service about Russian arms exports and development from October 2021 [2]. It's filled with lots of interesting data, but a couple of interesting points: Russia is the world's second largest arm's exporter, behind only the US, accounting for 20% of all sales. Russia was also the driving force behind the modernization of the Chinese military. The only downside mentioned is that, "Despite producing modern and technologically advanced systems, Russia’s defense industry has numerous challenges, such as inefficiency, low production capacity, lack of a modern machinery base, limited innovation, and efforts to diversify into civilian and dual-use technologies." We're currently in the middle of a ongoing information war. Take everything you read, from any source, about current events with a grain of salt. Remember how different Iraq looked before, during, and then long after the war. Ironically, slightly dated sources can provide the most relevant information. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Status-6_Oceanic_Multipurpose_... [2] - https://crsreports.congress.gov/product/pdf/R/R46937 This is getting really stupid. Anytime there is some major event we always work to try to ensure that people appreciate there is a difference between the people of a country and the bad actors of a country - even when those bad actors are the government. But now because it's our favorite geopolitical enemy, everything goes out the window. Imagine if the victims of our wars (or their partners) were more influential and were able to effectively spread global messages of arbitrary hate and intolerance against people simply for being American. And not mob mentality from extremists and radicals already predispositioned to hate, but orchestrated top-down hatred and intolerance from the "liberal" world order. This is not going to spark some amazing revolution of frustrated chess players, disabled athletes, and cat show enthusiasts. The only thing this sort of stuff is doing is driving more hatred and division, and helping us inch that much closer to WW3. Putin invading Ukraine was a terrible decision; many Russians of all walks of lives oppose it. Yet they're at least as helpless to ever change any of it than we are to end our never-ending wars in the Mideast since we, at least in theory, could stop voting for warmongers. I would also add that Grischuk was under no obligation to say anything that he did. He was even rudely cut off by the 'host' at one point. And he even mentioned that in his phrasing he was going to avoid using the war since it's illegal in the media, and he wants them to be able to quote him. If there was ever a man you want with a voice and face in the media at a time like now, it would be somebody like Grischuk. This is somebody that, especially in times like now, that should be elevated. Instead he's going to be effectively depersoned on the international stage and effectively silenced, seemingly like every single Russian regardless of their wrongthink or lack thereof. What a world we're creating. Grischuk is a special personality who most of any chess enthusiast will know. This is like banning a Michael Jordan style personality - charismatic, charming, and a world class player on top. And he does this all in his own sort of unique deadpan style package. His demeanor and comments from the video in this thread are **EXTREMELY** out of character for him, emphasizing how much this is all clearly personally affecting him. This is an absolutely stupid decision, and an injustice. Two wrong don't make a right and two million wrongs most certainly don't. You obviously do not support what we are doing in a vacuum. We are trying to hurt and ruin the lives of people who had nothing to do with something (and some, as in this case, who were even actively outspoken against it) because of their nationality. We are becoming the worst of everything that the "liberal world order" is supposed to stand against. The reason you might be okay with this is because of Machiavellianism - a belief that carrying out large scale injustice might trigger chaos and even a revolution/coup/insurrection in Russia and eventually result in a nation that might be more aligned with our geopolitical interests. When you look at history the one thing you will find is that things rarely work out how you want them to, and more often than not the resultant end is often nothing like you desired. We successfully worked to overthrow the democratic, secular, and relatively benign and democratic government of Iran in 1953 and replaced them with an exceptionally unpopular puppet monarchy. Then in 1979 the Iranians had a genuine revolution of their own against our puppet monarch and installed their own government. This is where the current radical Islamic government came from that, for some reason, really doesn't like the West. Today we'd give anything to have the Iran of 1953, but that's a bridge long since turned to ash. And the other tales are endless as well. The point of this is that Machiavellianism relies on a claim that the ends justify the means. But even if one believes that, you can't really make that argument in good faith when you cannot realistically claim to have any idea of what the ends will be. All that one can be certain of is that we will live through the means. So we are turning into tyrants for what may very well be an even worse future for Russia and us alike. Interesting note there. One of the leaders of the early insurrection was Muqtada al-Sadr [1]. There's a lot that's happened in between including him going into exile in Iran, returning, the US droning his house when it was empty to send a message, and much more. But suffice to say the conclusion of this story is that he's now becoming the dominant political force in Iraq. This is particularly relevant today since I think given the chaos around the world, there's a real chance that his name will come to be much more well known. But the point of this is that unpopular occupation forces trying to impose their will never really works in anything even remotely like the long-run. The only times it can work is when a genuinely popular (and not artificially propped up) leader is able to find common ground with the "enemy". For instance one of the best decisions we made after WW2 was with the leader of Japan, Emperor Hirohito. We actively avoided not only attacking him, but did not try him for war crimes, and let him retain control of the country after the war. He chose to lead Japan in a different direction following their defeat, and everybody came out all the better for it. It's very likely that had we executed him, or installed a puppet, that Japan's relation with the west would be radically different today. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muqtada_al-Sadr This is rewriting history. The invasion was generally viewed as illegal [1] with the Secretary General (the head) of the UN stating literally as much at the time. And this was also before it became clear that the evidence we presented for the war was nothing but lies. The notion that 87 intelligence agencies (or whatever the number they gave at the time was) were all just filled with completely inept individuals who somehow couldn't tell the difference between mobile biological weapons labs and trucks used for filling up weather balloons defies belief. And that takes this to a whole different level as well. The idea that the 174 intelligence agencies intentionally "believed" what they knew were lies, because those lies could be used as justification with some measure of plausible deniability, seems a far more likely explanation. But that likely brings this was from the realm of an illegal war to crimes against humanity as you're looking at the deaths of hundreds of thousands based on intentional, malicious, lies. If another nation did anything even remotely comparable, those involved would undoubtedly find themselves at The Hague. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legality_of_the_Iraq_War [2] - https://thehill.com/policy/international/596693-biden-weighi... The more accurate headline would be "American mensa members suffer from more mental and physical disorders" because the data was taken exclusively from American Mensa Society members. I'm actually quite curious why they did this because this seems to be a somewhat obvious source of potentially severe bias. It implicitly assumes that the distribution of mensa members is representative/identical to the distribution of all people in the 98th percentile, and that seems unlikely to be true. I think any study that focuses on IQ essentially needs to use data from an area with global compulsory IQ tests. And there are places within Scandinavia that hit the mark there: compulsory military enlistment that comes with an IQ test creates a perfect test bed for data. Some interesting history on Pakistan there that has do with unforeseen consequences and why the ends never really do justify the means. The CIA gained some intel that Bin Laden was residing in Pakistan, and in the precise vicinity, but they wanted to be certain. They way they did this was by recruiting a local doctor [1] and splashing around a ton of money to start a fake vaccine campaign. It's unclear if they bothered using real vaccines or not, but the entire point of the program was a CIA DNA collection program. The CIA was bulk harvesting Pakistani DNA and cross referencing it against DNA from Bin Laden's sister Once it was confirmed that Bin Laden had children in the area, the program was scrapped, we invaded, he was killed, and everybody was left out to to dry. The doctor was imprisoned, charged with treason, and has since been in solitary with claims of torture for going on a decade now [2]. Local aid workers (who had no idea what they were involved in) were hunted down and killed, some districts banned vaccination drives, and Pakistanis have been extremely critical of any sort of vaccination effort since. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shakil_Afridi [2] - https://nationalinterest.org/blog/buzz/ten-years-what-became... When saying things like this, I think you should intuitively consider the corollary of your sentence. If people are using drugs to "escape from reality" presumably because have insufficient money to do nicer things, then the implication is that people who have lots of money would use drugs at a substantially lower rate. And so this is pretty easy to test. I did a quick search for 'marijuana use by rate by income' and the first paper that I came upon [1] showed there is indeed quite a strong correlation between substance use and socioeconomic status - in other words, the richer or more privileged individuals were (in terms of coming from wealthy family backgrounds), the more likely they were to use drugs. So unless there is some confounding variable that we may not be considering, it seems fairly easy to reject the hypothesis that people are using drugs because of a lack of money. [1] - https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3410945/ Here [1] is a list wars from 1500 to 1800. A year without a war was quite rare, and these were often conflicts between large developed powers, some lasting for centuries. This was true generally before that time period, and certainly true after it as well. And the wars kept getting deadlier as technology increased. During WW2, about 3% of the human species was killed using conventional weapons. But then in 1945 everything changed. Since we demonstrated the unwinnable situation that war against a nuclear power is, there have been exactly 0 unrestrained conflicts between nations with nuclear weapons. So this formula is not so simple. Nukes are a catastrophe waiting to happen, but they are also the reason we've lived in this bubble of relative safety that is the only reality most of us have ever known. The promises and formalities of nations (as an optimist might like to declare the UN the reason such wars ended) are nothing new. The UN is a direct descendent of the League of Nations that formed following WW1 with the goal of ending such war, and there were similar organizations prior to the League. Nothing worked, until nukes. Without nukes it seems likely that we would have almost certainly have long since seen WW3 and perhaps even more of its kin. One can only imagine what this would have translated to in terms of impact and our lives. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wars%3A_1500%E2%80%931... Can somebody double check some numbers here for me? Because something seems Twilight Zone levels of weird. This article states we use 18.12 million barrels per day, and produce 18.4 million per day. Of course some of that gets sent over to the strategic petrol reserves, but for the most part that is all being used or exported. That's 6.72 billion barrels per year. We have proven reserves (as of the end of 2020) of 38.2 billion barrels. [1] That gives us less than 6 years before we completely run through reserves. But it feels like this can't be true because it would have a huge impact on domestic producers, domestic oil prices (especially given the US' relationship with most oil producing nations), and much more. But this article didn't even bother mentioning this fact. So.... what am I missing? [1] - https://www.eia.gov/naturalgas/crudeoilreserves/ Why would you assume it would be obvious? Copernicus's heliocentric model was wrong in many ways: he assumed uninform speed, that the sun was the center of the universe, that orbits were circular, assumed the necessity of epicycles, and so on. His main victory was simply that from our perspective of complete knowledge we can now safely say he was less-wrong than the geocentric theories of the time; there's also the David vs Goliath narrative which is emotionally satisfying. If one wanted to cast doubt upon, if not "debunk", his idea from the science of the times, it would not have been difficult to do so (see: Tycho Brahe). And that was on an issue that was likely some orders of magnitude less complex than the one we may be facing today. The implication of that being that the "right" answer may initially seem to have more holes than swiss cheese. I think it's very safe to say that relativity, undoubtedly the monolith to which all scientists aspire, was an exception and not the rule in the march of discovery, in its reception/clarity. Confounding variables are a strong argument against this. Give me two sets of data that have no causal relationship, and it's very possible (if not likely) I will be able to demonstrate not only a causal relationship but also observational predictability through the existence of confounding variables. Let me use ML models and this becomes trivial. Do school names determine how good a school will be? Of course not. However, schools have names which tend to be reused: cultural icons, scientists, etc.. And schools in low performing areas are going to have a different distribution of chosen names than schools in high performing areas. So you can create a model that will not only demonstrate this but also offer legitimate observational predictability that a school's name will, on average, determine how well it will do. The only way you could really refute this hypothesis is by understanding the true confounding variable, or by running some huge scale multiple decades long experiment where you changed the names of new schools and measured the performance difference. That experiment is clearly not really practicable, so all you're left with is understanding. And this is really where the risk is. If we ever begin to build upon something that is unsound then it risks everything from that point onward being also invalid. At best everything collapses and you realize you must have made a mistake. At worse, you simply end up adding endless epicycles until at some point everything starts to completely stall out muddled in its own invalid fundamentals and irreconcilable complexity. The existence of biolabs is completely genuine. You can read more (from a .gov site) here [1]. They seem to have removed the fact-sheets from the site, but you can still access them on archive.org, like here [2]. The fact sheets don't have anything especially seedy on them but do confirm that the labs were funded by the US Department of Defense, and do work with pathogens. Point being you don't need the quotes. There are definitely DoD built biolabs, and a surprisingly large amount of them. [1] - https://ua.usembassy.gov/embassy/kyiv/sections-offices/defen... [2] - https://web.archive.org/web/20170211022339/https://photos.st... During the Irish Potato Famine, Irish companies continued to export large quantities of food, which some have argued would have been sufficient to have turned the widespread and deadly famine into little more than an economic hiccup. The headline of this article is untrue, evidenced even by the article itself. The one quote they provide from Russia is, "These measures are a logical response to those imposed against Russia and are aimed at ensuring uninterrupted functioning of key sectors of the economy." And look at the industries where exports are being restricted: telecom, medical, auto, agricultural, electrical + tech. Russia is ensuring they have sufficient domestic supplies such that the impact of the sanctions on people's day to day necessities is minimal. Not videos, but these two articles played a formative role in my worldview (related to Iraq): WaPo: "Irrefutable" : https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/opinions/2003/02/06/i... NYTimes: "Irrefutable and Undeniable" : https://www.nytimes.com/2003/02/06/opinion/irrefutable-and-u... I find it extremely interesting to occasionally reread those knowing what we know now. And nothing has changed, except for now there is significant push to try to censor anything beyond such irrefutable sources. I think the easiest way to get an intuitive feel for this is to look at the stories of hyperinflation, because they're always literally exactly the same. The only thing that changes are the catalysts. Zimbabwe [1] being the contemporary example. The first step is some event triggers a reduction in supplies for some commonly needed good. In Zimbabwe they chose to expel white farmers and replaced them with black farmers, many of whom who had little to no experience in farming. Food production rapidly plummeted and many farms simply ended up being completely abandoned. The second step is rising prices as a result of the first. Wheat isn't inherently worth 5 coppers. It's worth however many coppers people are willing to pay for it. If there's half as much wheat to go around as before, people are going to be willing to pay more to ensure they are the ones who get their wheat. The third step is an entity, usually a government, trying to solve the problem by attacking the effect rather than the cause. The government of Zimbabwe saw many people were quickly becoming unable to comfortably afford food. And so they responded by giving people more money aiming to bring them closer to their previous buying power. The fourth step is a new increase in prices. This time the supply of wheat has stayed the same, but people suddenly have more money to bid on it. So again people are willing to pay more to ensure they get their wheat. The fifth and final step is: goto the third step. --- The end result is Zimbabwean's becoming quite capable at big figure math alongside the complete collapse of their economy. For instance we saw the introduction of the world's first $100 trillion bill. In a nutshell, giving people more money to combat inflation is like trying to put out a fire by dousing it with the only liquid you have - gas. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperinflation_in_Zimbabwe This [1] an interesting and possibly relevant video. The video is going to be from somewhere around late 1992, long before Jeff Zucker had even joined CNN. It's a hot mic moment between Bill Clinton just before taking the presidency, and the iconic Larry King who was the biggest voice on CNN at the time : --- King: "It's crazy - [CNN owner] Ted Turner changed the world. He's a a big fan of yours. Clinton: Is he? King: He would, uh, serve you. You know what I mean? Clinton: You're kidding? King: Oh you'd be surprised. He's ready, what's he got left in life to gain? I'd call him after you're elected. Think about it. No dope. Clinton: That's for sure. King: Great guy to work for too. --- I have no clue what King was suggesting. Clinton seemed literally less than interested, or at least more cautious about saying things you don't want heard around mics. But I also don't think it's likely that Larry was just randomly mouthing off, so it does make this quite relevant. As does the fact that it wasn't especially long after this, relatively speaking at least, that news started its rapid transition to what it's turned into now a days. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCUIlV-AKY4 "To your request of my opinion of the manner in which a newspaper should be conducted so as to be most useful, I should answer ‘by restraining it to true facts & sound principles only.’ yet I fear such a paper would find few subscribers. it is a melancholy truth that a suppression of the press could not more compleatly deprive the nation of it’s benefits, than is done by it’s abandoned prostitution to falsehood. nothing can now be believed which is seen in a newspaper. truth itself becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle. the real extent of this state of misinformation is known only to those who are in situations to confront facts within their knolege with the lies of the day. I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens, who, reading newspapers, live & die in the belief that they have known something of what has been passing in the world in their time: whereas the accounts they have read in newspapers are just as true a history of any other period of the world as of the present, except that the real names of the day are affixed to their fables. general facts may indeed be collected from them, such as that Europe is now at war, that Bonaparte has been a successful warrior, that he has subjected a great portion of Europe to his will &c &c. but no details can be relied on. I will add that the man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than he who reads them; inasmuch as he who knows nothing is nearer to truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods & errors. he who reads nothing will still learn the great facts, and the details are all false." - Thomas Jefferson, 1807 [1] ------ His words may correspond to your own, but the fact that such views were generally widespread contradicts them. I think what has happened is modern times is not that the media becoming worse than ever, but rather that for some very brief window in time we actually had a media with integrity and ethics, even if completely serendipitously. So all we're doing is, seemingly like many things in modern society, is simply returning to how things were for nearly all of society's existence. [1] - https://founders.archives.gov/documents/Jefferson/99-01-02-5... I'm always open the consideration of any reasonable idea, but you need evidence. I can provide plenty to the contrary. For instance in the 1970s the media, spearheaded by the NYTimes no less, published the Pentagon Papers which (predictably) put the paper in direct confrontation with the government and the endlessly influential military industrial complex in particular. And that led to a high stakes confrontation with the paper itself facing government pressure and lawsuits that went all the way to the Supreme Court with what would have been devastating consequences had they lost. Of course by 2013 when the Snowden leaks hit this had all changed. The NYTimes had already long since turned into the sort of agency that chose to more regularly run with headlines like "British Intelligence Chiefs Say Leaks by Snowden Hurt Security", "Leaker's Flight Raises Tension", and such other tripe - frequently engaging in a mixture of ignoring, misrepresenting, or defending what Snowden had revealed. But the in the heyday of media, I do not see any reason to believe that people's judgement of the media was flawed. I'm certainly interested to see why you think so though! Such quotes ('oceans were 200-250 meters higher') are going to mislead people. It's currently estimated that if all ice melted, sea levels would rise somewhere around 70 meters [1]. National Geographic had an interesting interactive some time back that showed what the world would look like if this happened. [2] And it's likely these estimates have not yet accounted for an important recent discovery which could bring that 70 meters down substantially. In 2016 it was discovered that sea levels were rising more slowly than expected [3]. The reason, discovered through satellite imagery, is that the lands were absorbing much more water than expected - effectively acting like giant sponges. [1] - https://www.usgs.gov/faqs/how-would-sea-level-change-if-all-... [2] - https://www.nationalgeographic.com/magazine/article/rising-s... [3] - https://climate.nasa.gov/news/2398/study-rising-seas-slowed-... The real threat I think will not be in trying to trick people with fake videos, but instead deep flags: create fake videos showing awful things about the politician one wants to win, and then attribute the fakes to supporters of the guy you want to lose and make them look like animals. Especially in coordination with a media campaign, it would be an effective way of undermining the opponent by making them look simultaneously grossly unethical and desperate. Even better if you can get the FBI involved to investigate whether the video was created directly by the opponent or "only" by his supporters. And anybody describing what actually happened could easily be straw manned into sounding like a nutter. And the quality is already perfectly fine for this. The exact same thing happened with Reaganomics/Supply Side Economics. The economic brains behind these ideas was Milton Friedman, and while he did strongly and aggressively advocate for supply side economics, he also had quite a lot about to say the consumer side of things and advocate for, among other things, a negative income tax [1] that in practical terms is essentially a basic income that solves many of the major problems with things like welfare. I'm not advocating for a basic income (or supply side economics), but simply emphasizing that what you said is completely true and one of the many risks of MMT. Even if MMT might be theoretically viable, in practice it's going to be interpreted as something not far from a pseudo-intellectual justification for arbitrary levels of debt/monetary inflation. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtpgkX588nM I'd add to this that there was a time when cocaine in the US was perfectly normal. Popes, Ulysses S Grant, Thomas Edison, and countless others advocated for Vin Mariani [1] which was a wine mixed with cocaine, that served as the inspiration for Coca-Kola (whose name derives from its original key components: cocaine/coca leaf + kola nut). Thomas Edison remarked that the drink helped him awake longer. Oh indeed, Mr. Edison. The point is that it was so normalized that nobody would have really appreciated the consequences of it, especially when everybody was using it. The same seems to be true now a days with social media. People are hopelessly addicted, most people claim it makes them feel worse - yet they keep using it, and so on. We're just entering into a new era of the world with the introduction of new addictive and harmful activities with the novel catch that the harm is not immediately obvious, as compared with something like gambling. The only reasonable response I can see here is that what I'm saying could also have been applied to any new technological toy, such as television or even radio in times past. But again the big difference is harm. Many if not most people might have said they should probably waste less time watching television, yet few would have claimed it was genuinely personally damaging to themselves - yet nonetheless being unable to stop. Let alone the consequences on society that are far more specific and real than the ambiguous concerns that undoubtedly followed previous technologies. Put more succinctly, there is a difference between television and social media in the same way that there is a difference between caffeine and cocaine. At some point the consequences of an enjoyable recreation outweigh the benefits of that recreation. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vin_Mariani I decided to look into this. And there's some interesting facts on the op-ed [1]. Up until 1921 op-eds didn't exist. In 1921 they were invented by an editor who remarked, "It occurred to me that nothing is more interesting than opinion when opinion is interesting, so I devised a method of cleaning off the page opposite the editorial, which became the most important in America ... and thereon I decided to print opinions, ignoring facts." Oh the times when we were more honest. That paper went out of business 10 years later. He only allowed employees to publish said pieces. The modern editorial where papers began allowing "anybody" to publish opinion based articles only began in 1970, with the NYTimes. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Op-ed Think logically about what you're proposing. Hurting people doesn't suddenly make them go "Darn, the rest of the world is hurting us because they don't like our government. I know, let's overthrow our government and become super friendly with the people trying to hurt us!" It leads to extreme antagonism that most frequently trends towards ultra-nationalism and even more extreme hardline stances. Iran in the 1950s took a relatively anti-western approach towards things and tried to nationalize their own oil. In 1953 we overthrew their democratic secular government and installed an authoritarian (and deeply unpopular) monarchy. In 1979 they then had a genuine revolution and overthrew the US puppet monarchy, and created the Islamic Republic that exists to this day. We'd do anything to go back to 1953 now, but that bridge has long since met the cruise missiles of freedom. And Iran, while perhaps the most colorful illustration because of how we radically transformed the country (against us) in such a short time, is closer to the rule than the exception. Iraq (the only other Shiite majority nation than Iran) is going down the exact same road today. Actions lead to equal but opposite reactions, not only in physics. This is the reason that in times past you'd have "blood feuds" lasting for centuries. People don't care about your reason for some hostile action, they only care about that action. Start intentionally breaking open source software to try to hurt some group and that group will start doing the exact same thing to you. Won't it be great for open source software when an increasing chunk of pull requests are from people trying their hardest to insert malicious code as subtly as possible, because politics? > "The changes would be global and so would the war." One thing that might lead different people to different perspectives is reflected in your choice of words. Climate change and sea level rise is not a future tense, but a present tense scenario. It's already happening. It's easy to view it as something that happens where you go from today's "normal" to the sea rise of the future and perceive the chaos that must entail. The NOAA, in their 2019 report, puts the worst case scenario at up to 5 meters by the year 2300. [1] So the tail end worst outcome results in an overall sea level rise of less than 2cm a year. There is of course an acceleration but it's relatively gradual. It never goes from zero to 'Let's go swimming on Main St.' If you'd like to see what might happen in a hyper-accelerated case of sea level rise, you can follow the news about Bangkok. Bangkok is a city that was built on a marshy soft clay type terrain and so the literal weight of urbanization and development within the city is causing the city to sink by compressing the terrain under the city. This is further compounded by real sea level rise, local climate conditions (annual extreme typhoons), and relatively poor infrastructure. A bit of a perfect storm. Estimates vary but the city is sinking by around 2cm per year. It's an issue and is affecting the city. But it's not really triggering a panic or causing any sort of chaos. The city is trying to resolve the issue using technological and developmental solutions, and life more or less goes on. Should the solutions prove untenable I expect the city will gradually start to decline in population with a proportional increase in population to outlying areas. And life continues. [1] - https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/images/148494/anticipating... In my anecdotal experience the difference has been strongly tied to socioeconomic factors. And the first study I was able to find [1] on this topic confirmed this is the major factor. See page 18. There's an extremely strong inverse correlation between education/income and how long people allow their children to use screen media devices. Low income, low education = high screen media time with a sharply increasing trend. High income, high education = low screen media time with a mostly flat trend. This is also happening at the same time that low income families are also having a declining rate of home access to laptop/desktops. Suffice to say that if it turns out that screen media is indeed detrimental to the development of children then we're basically ensuring that the socioeconomic divide is going to turn into a chasm. [1] - https://web.archive.org/web/20211230141505/https://www.commo... (This study for some reason has been removed from their site, and so I am linking to the archive.) You're assuming things like boredom are not only bad, but worse than endless entertainment. I'd claim that necessity is to invention as boredom is to creativity. There is one major bias in the sort of studies you just linked to that can't really be smarted away. When looking at things like a mortality rate, you need to somehow determine how many people are infected. Imagine there were some weird disease where it was completely asymptomatic in 99% of cases and fatal in 1%. The vast majority of contemporary COVID related studies would claim this disease would have an extremely high mortality rate, far higher than 1%. The reason is because diagnosis is almost never done randomly, but instead relies on different avenues like hospitalization data. So you tend to already be biasing yourself to severe outcomes because milder cases are not going to end up getting diagnosed. In omicron's case this effect has been extreme as things like sewage samples showed dramatically higher rates of of the disease than were being officially reported. In the study you mentioned it determined diagnosis using: "CDC used data from three surveillance systems to assess U.S. disease related to COVID-19 during December 1, 2020–January 15, 2022. COVID-19 aggregate cases and deaths reported to CDC by state and territorial health departments¶ were tabulated by report date.* ED visits with COVID-19 diagnosis codes were obtained from the National Syndromic Surveillance Program (NSSP).†† Hospital admissions and inpatient and ICU bed use among patients with laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 were obtained from the Unified Hospital Data Surveillance System." So your numbers are biased to heavily rely on things like hospitalization data, which is going to make the numbers borderline useless for trying to evaluate the overall mortality rate. To be fair I'm not really attacking the study either. Like I said this is a problem that really can't be solved in any way other than an involuntary lottery with mandatory testing + reporting + profiling/classification, which is something I'd expect to see in China, but not the US - for better and for worse. A poster further up mentioned something that I think is often ignored. Security isn't just about overflows and injections, outsider enemies vs insider allies. Any human with privileged access that can be compromised will eventually be compromised as the perceived value of his privilege increases beyond the cost of compromising him. Logging, distribution of privileges, and other such solutions aren't really solutions so much as just a sort of cat and mouse game. I would claim that impenetrable security is not only hard, but ultimately impossible. I'd claim (perhaps not even contrary to what you're saying) that memorization and competent analysis/understanding are really two sides of the same coin. "Here is some long sentence that doesn't really say anything and which you've probably never read in your life before." You could now probably recite that sentence with near perfect accuracy; at worse changing it in very slight ways that are still functionally identical. That's an absolutely remarkable degree of memorization - one pass for 22 words, 119 characters!? Of course the reason it's easy and natural is because you have an intuitive understanding of what you're memorizing and so one word kind of flows into the next to create the singular whole. Amateur chess players often find chess masters able to recite their games from memory as evidence of some sort of super-human memory that must be what enabled them to become masters in the first place, but it's completely false. It's the exact same story - when a strong player plays or sees a game, the game tells a story to him not especially different than a very short story. And so people are not recalling random moves or positions from memory but instead the story that those moves and positions tell. A master reciting a game is no more impressive than a "normal" person reciting the plot of a famous short story, let alone one that they wrote! So for instance I remember from high school memorizing the order of the presidents (yeah... great school...) but finding it relatively easy by instead remembering the logical stories there. For instance instead of just remembering JFK-LBJ-Nixon, etc you remember the story of JFK getting assassinated, LBJ coming to power (and JFK's wife's view of him), then Nixon coming to power and grinding the old axe he had with JFK and scrapping the space program, followed by his VP (Ford) becoming president after Watergate, then losing to good but incapable Carter which led to TV Star Reagan, etc, etc. I couldn't tell you the order of the presidents at all, unless you give me one and then I can recount the story of how we got from him to where we are now. Because like most of all people I suck at memorization, but also am pretty decent at recalling interesting stories. There's a really interesting mathematical 'paradox' with false positives along the same line as the birthday paradox. It's an important one also that many doctors get wrong. Let's say there is a terrible disease that 0.01% (1 in 10,000) of the population is infected with, and we develop a test that is 99% accurate. You go to the doctor and get a test. Oh no, it's positive. What are the chances that it's a false positive? Intuition would tell you 1% since the test is 99% accurate. Intuition, as it often is, is wrong. Take a sample size of 'x', we'll use 10,000. How many people will be infected? 1. How many false positives will there be? 1% * 10,000 = 100. So there will be 100 false positives, and 1 real positive. So it turns out there's a greater than 99% chance that your result is a false positive, even though the test is genuinely 99% accurate. Here's a fun one. So we decide to run the test twice. And AGAIN it comes up positive. What are the odds that it's a false positive? Again, the exact same logic holds - there are 101 people we are testing. There will be about 1 false positive and about 1 real infection. So the odds of it being a false positive once again are about 50%. There was an interesting point in a different post [1] in this topic. Essentially Twitter not only has a largely biased sample in terms of who uses it, but there's also an extreme bias in terms of who actually posts on it. About 22% of Americans (2019) use Twitter and, of that 22%, 10% are generating 80% of the posts. So Twitter is primarily driven by a bubble of 2.2% of Americans who skew younger and more liberal than the average. I would hypothesize (though it was not stated by the sources given) that the 2.2% who are posting like crazy also likely skew more radical than average as well. It's quite dangerous because sites like Twitter can give people the imaginary perspective that they're interacting with hundreds of millions of people, when in reality they're generally communicating with an extremely unrepresentative and small sample of the world, or even of the "Western world". And now factor in the growth of tools, such as this, that add wide-range and spider-style ban/censor/muting of anybody who expresses a view you really dislike. [1] - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30838517 IMO relative percents should really not be used when trying to consider the impact of things because it gives you no clue about it. If the rate of something is 1 in 1 million then a 40% increase means your odds of having an issue go from negligible to negligible, but a 40% increase makes it sound much scarier. I think the reason for that is that a 40% increase subconsciously tickles our "40% of" intuition, even when we consciously understand that's not what it means. That said in this case the 40% is genuinely scary, because it's a jump from 3.3% with birth defects to 5.2%, or in other words nearly 1 in 50 babies (1.9% of births) standing to be affected by this issue. Although just quickly skimming their numbers, the sample size is unclear to me. That jump was driven by only 13 birth defects among those taking the drug, based on what the article says is a sample of 1.1 million births. You're right in one way, but not another. Small increases in caloric content can have a large and counter-intuitive impact due to the nature of systems in equilibrium: just one small soda or candy bar a day above your equilibrium will drive large weight gains. But you're not factoring in the fact that as your weight increases so does your idle energy costs, meaning that as you gain weight you burn more calories doing nothing. Put another way, if today you burn 1500 calories a day idle, and you start eating 2000 calories a day - at some point you will reach an equilibrium, likely well before you're obese. I'm also in the camp that thinks that lifestyle explanation for rises in obesity is completely unsubstantiated. The things you are mentioning are bad decisions that favor the government and there are likely be ulterior motives, but there is no overt deception. What's driving distrust IMO is overt deception which is becoming increasingly normalized and regular. One of the most extreme examples was the death of Officer Brian Sicknick [1] during the January 6th riots. The media ran a nonstop narrative (for months) that he had been brutally killed after being attacked by a rioter with a fire extinguisher: a visceral and discomforting image that helped to frame the riots. Politicians, up to and including the president, exploited this by having an honorary ceremony at the Capitol Rotunda historically used to honor the likes of Abraham Lincoln, Rosa Parks, and RBG. The problem is that not only was he not killed by a fire extinguisher, he wasn't killed at all. He died of a completely unrelated and preexisting medical condition (blood clot in the brain leading to stroke) well after the riots had ended. He texted his brother long after the riots stating he was feeling fine and had no problems except getting pepper sprayed twice. The media tried to pivot to claiming that he died of an allergic reaction to the pepper spray, but there was no basis in reality for that whatsoever and it was also completely dismissed by the medical examiner whose report was publicly released only months after its completion. Events like this emphasize that the argument of scale against conspiracy theories simply doesn't hold. His family knew what happened, the examiner's office knew what happened, many politicians exploiting his death knew what happened, and I expect there's no doubt much of the media also knew. Yet they all ran with the same story because it helped advance the desired narrative. Efforts at countering it were effectively squished by a mixture of censorship and labels (such as conspiracy theory). And of course this event also emphasizes that the political establishment are more than happy to carry out amoral conspiracies even over such absurdly petty things, and that our media is now more of a tool for political manipulation of society than a balance against it. So after events like this, what reason do I ever have to now believe the media or politicians on pretty much anything? Even science is now starting to go down the exact same myopic path with things like the famous open letter published by the Lancet [2] declaring any consideration that COVID may have come from a lab leak as being an unjustifiable conspiracy theory. Most of the scientists who signed that letter had direct ties to the Wuhan Lab. They declared no competing interests in the letter, and the Lancet editor who chose to publish it clearly didn't see it as a conflict of interest either. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Brian_Sicknick [2] - https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6... Median income of somebody with a bachelor's degree is $60,585 [1]. Median income of a plumber is $59,880 [2]. The big gaps you'll find rely on either average income (where an uncapped high + hard capped low = inflated numbers) or household income. There are numerous biases that deserve mentioning, but the simple component of college debt vs earn while you lean means plumbers are probably already better off on "average". [1] - https://dqydj.com/income-by-education/ [2] - https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes472152.htm Think about crypto in terms of what it fundamentally is: a decentralized append-only ledger with validation. And so think of anything relying remote storage, but without the need of centralization. There are two big general benefits: 1) Games can have online features without having to rely on centralized servers. It's an increasing shame that many games which have rich online options end up becoming crippled, if not killed, once the servers inevitably are taken offline. "Crypto" can solve this problem in some cases by being able to decentralize certain types of online features. 2) The decentralization aspect can enable various features to be used independent of a single game. Of course the same is also true of a single server but then you're in an even worse scenario with the servers going offline issue where a single server going down could end up killing multiple dependent titles. As well, with a decentralized solution, competing companies that may not want to depend on one another but might want to share in-game content could do so. Dragon's Dogma, which was full of relatively innovative features, has at least 2 great use case scenarios. In the game players can use your character as an NPC ally within their game, a 'pawn'. With crypto you could create a decentralized cache of these pawns with the usual benefits: they can theoretically be used in games besides just DD, the pawn system keeps working long after Capcom kills the servers. Another example was the final optional boss. No individual player can kill it, instead it has a shared hp pool that players chip away at until it dies and each player that contributed is then rewarded. Again a perfect example of something that could be done in a decentralized way that has some possibility of even doing things like having the same boss in multiple games, and of course also working even once the servers are taken offline. Basically it's just another tool that you can do neat things with. I think what he's doing is trying to use the internet like people interact in real life. Online we all have these overly straight forward and sterile personas, for the most part, because people get so weird and autistic about jokes or off-color references, like my last choice of adjective. It's not serious and not reflective of my views, but also has enough of a tinge of truth in it to convey some meaning - like all of the Elon's current slew of shitposts. And I think the reason "people" get bent out of shape about tweets was answered pretty aptly by this [1] post which is also why I put "people" in quotes. 22% of Americans (2019) use Twitter, with a bias towards youth and liberalism. And of those 22%, 80% of all posts are generated by 10% of them with what is almost certainly a further bias. So when you think of "people" on Twitter you're talking about a biased to heavily biased sample of 2.2% of America. It's about as representative of America as Atherton is. So the reason people get bent out of shape about posts on Twitter is because Twitter is a little micro-bubble of society where the people engulfed within it likely have a very different perspective of reality than people outside of it. [1] - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30838517 I think the thing that makes it a rather useful Tweet is that there are so many reasons to justify what he's saying. The big one in my mind, and I expect his given his other comments as of late, is that there is an increasingly real possibility of WW3 (alongside more ambiguous possibilities of general social disruption). It's still very improbable but WW3 going from nigh impossible to very improbable is about the time you start preparing for the worst and hoping for the best. And if the worst does happen then one of the first things that's going to happen is the internet is going to go poof. The underseas cables we rely on for the internet are completely vulnerable and there are endless motivations for various sides to clip them for either domestic or foreign purposes: strengthening domestic propaganda, preventing foreign propaganda, sparking social disorder, disrupting communication pipelines, etc.. Satellites, GPS, and so on will follow shortly thereafter. This exact logic motivated me to recently download Wikipedia. If anybody else is interested in doing so: https://www.kiwix.org/en/ Wikipedia is about 87GB in total with pictures included. I hope that 87GB is just completely wasted and never touched, but the value gained if I ever do end up needing to access it creates a nice risk:reward ratio. I suspect most people don't really understand what indie means in terms of games, especially when contrasted against AAA. Many indie games now rival AAA games in terms of scope and scale, a decent chunk are even getting up there in production quality, and the overall quality/refinement often already exceeds AAA games which are increasingly often just buggy messes at launch. Valheim [1] is a nice example. That is an indie game, made by a 5 guy team, primarily based on one guy's toy projects. Tools and resources for game development have increased so much that it's possible for very small teams to do some really incredible things. [1] - https://store.steampowered.com/app/892970/Valheim/ > "Broadly speaking, we can expect nuclear weapons to be aimed at one of three types of targets: strategic (nuclear) targets, conventional military forces, and industrial/infrastructure targets. Notably absent is a direct interest in killing the opposing population, although people tend to live near infrastructure, so it is going to happen." This is unsubstantiated and seemingly just poorly informed. Our initial nuclear targets from the 50s have been declassified [1] and it's no doubt other countries have similar targets. We planned to specifically target population centers as well as things like medical production facilities. The reason propaganda is so heavily interweaved into war is because a war is won by breaking the will of the enemy to resist. See: Afghanistan, a country which has the GDP of a moderate sized city in a developed country and relatively primitive weapons, has now won wars against both the Soviet Union and the USA. Both had dramatic superiorities in every measurable category, except willpower. The will of the invaders broke before the will of the Afghans. And so the Afghans won. In nuclear war, where all rules and ethics have long since been tossed aside, the only goal will be to break the will of the enemy by any means possible. And I can think of no possibly better way to completely break the will of a people to fight than finding their most economically developed and heavily populated locations, and sending the nukes square center. Even "better" is that these will be some of the softest targets. Nuclear facilities are built with the anticipation of being nuclear targets, Manhattan isn't. [1] - https://nsarchive2.gwu.edu/nukevault/ebb538-Cold-War-Nuclear... It depends on what you want out of a search engine. Do you want a search that tries to give you what it thinks you want? Or do you want a search that functions more like a library index where you're going to get what you searched for, even if that might ironically not really be exactly what you wanted - so the onus of creating a more correct search term is on you. This isn't a rhetorical question of course. There are major arguments for both. But I think a pretty good chunk of DDG users were more often after the library index than what ideally would be a librarian recommendation, but in reality is more like a stereotypical used car salesman style recommendation. > "For the people that complain about the staffing requirements for a paper-based election: it's a feature, not a bug. The sheer number of people involved make it virtually impossible to rig an election." There are two ways to rig an election. The first is miscounting or changing votes but I think the other is the real risk and likely dates to the very first time we as a species ever started having votes by anonymous ballot: ballot stuffing. If, at any time in counting process, an individual could successfully insert a single valid but fabricated ballot into the process, the entire system is vulnerable. And the number of votes required to change elections tends to be shockingly low. In the 2020 election, more than 155 million people voted, but the outcome of the presidential election itself was decided by a total of less than 43,000 votes [1]. That's a margin of victory of 0.03%. So a system that was 99.9% accurate at ensuring that each ballot was completely legitimate would be insufficient. [1] - https://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2021/02/10/wapo-the-... This argument never really made sense to me, because it's already completely undermined by mail in voting in which you can not only sell your vote but even have the guy you sold it to turn it in for you so he can be 100% certain he's getting what he wanted. You can even give him a 'blank check' by filling out your personal data/signature, and leave the vote slots blank for him. And for context on the scale of this, in the 2020 election there were 65,642,049 mail-in-votes cast. And the outcome of the presidential election was decided by 42,921 votes. [1] [1] - https://www.cfr.org/blog/2020-election-numbers Apple defaulting to Google search in exchange for tens of billions of dollars almost certainly suffices to declare them an "ad involved company" as per the original phrasing in this thread. And that is a very significant chunk of their net revenue bearing in mind that there is effectively zero cost to Apple for this deal. - The following is based on traditional (television/film/etc) advertising; I am assuming it holds true for internet based advertising. There's some [literal] marketing 101 stuff most people aren't aware of. For large companies the value in marketing isn't really about directly selling you products, but about instilling a positive subconscious perception of a product in your mind. Coke is the classic example. Dominant marketshare, defacto monopoly in many regions, and a loyal customer base. Yet they advertise endlessly and at great cost. The reason is so when you look at a bottle of Coke you don't think 'sugar, heart disease, obese people drink this' but instead 'crisp, cool, refreshing, athletic people drink this'. And it's all subconscious because of course we all consciously know its the former rather than the latter, but advertising can effectively make people do and think things that they might not otherwise. And there is significant research and practice to confirm all of this. Companies aren't just spending out of inertia. This [1] is considered one of the most effective and powerful ads of all-time. It's Apple's 1984 Ad about the first Mac. A 60 second clip with zero information on the product/capabilities, zero information on pricing, etc. And Apple spent big on the ad (which was, for instance, directed by Ridley Scott) and tried to get it out everywhere, including in theaters. It seems like a completely absurd ad, until you understand how advertising works. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtvjbmoDx-I Twitter completely banned The Babylon Bee for this [1] article/joke. This is among countless other similar decisions on their part. In this case Elon Musk even contacted them (The Babylon Bee) before starting his current crusade, because the ban there is so overtly political. As Noam Chomsky said, "The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum." The reason I give that quote is because you're not wrong. In other topics you can express all of the absolutely vile and hateful things one might like, all while acting like an absolutely horrible person. So just stop making fun of the political ideology largely espoused by the political establishment and corporate elite, and you'll have no problems. It will be quite interesting to see how history ultimately records the times of today. [1] - https://babylonbee.com/news/the-babylon-bees-man-of-the-year... > "Turning a dump of wikipedia (the kind you get on dumps.wikimedia.org) into a running instance of wikipedia that you can browse is actually insanely hard." Given the state of the world I recently looked into this: https://www.kiwix.org/en/ It takes 87 GB and a single click to create a local Wikipedia with pictures included. That software also has support for downloading data from a vast array of other sources as well. I'd imagine they would think we were human. Imagine we could access data from past times. Would you rather see decentralized unfiltered raw content from vast numbers of humans (who we will magically impart contemporary literacy rates to, so that such would even be possible), or the collected works from the House of Wisdom [1]? [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Wisdom This very much reminds one of the contemporary crusades against The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. One of the characters, a run-away slave by the name of [pejorative] Jim, is actively railed against by much of society for being an imbecile, uneducated, and so on. Yet throughout the story Huck runs into all sorts of people who are mostly acting like great people on the outside, yet invariably turn out to be horrible people on the inside (even including Huck himself). The one exception is Jim who actually ends up being a selfless and good person, inside out, from the start to the end. The whole story is a reminder that what people pretend to be, and what they are - often have a rather strong disconnect. That many schools have successfully banned the book from the classroom because of the pejorative used, is perhaps one of the clearest reflections of the state of contemporary education. It'd be like if Germany had chosen to ban Schindler's List because the lead character is a Nazi. Chess.com's world championship is itself taken less than seriously. The event is real, the prizes are real, and so on. But they're not really hiding the fact that it's just a huge event. Here is the [genuine] official trailer/advert/thing for it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GijccIzh5YI The board cannot unilaterally decide the share price. The deal will only be finalized once, among other things, it's approved by shareholder vote. But that is largely a formality. The largest shareholders are going to be institutional and not ideological, and $54 is way higher than most (all?) estimations for Twitter's value. Incidentally the same reason that refusing this deal would have exposed the board to personal legal risk. As for why it's fair - a share doesn't represent ownership of a company, it represents a voting share in an abstract entity. Normally these are pretty close to the same thing, but there are important distinctions - such as here. When Twitter goes private the abstract entity it used to be will cease to exist, along with all voting rights in such. > "I'm pretty sure that if the data google has were ever made available to the public, as soon as the first congress person reviewed their own dossier we'd see laws passed very quickly banning the use of that data and perhaps even preventing it from being collected in the first place." And now consider the alternative world, the one we happen to live in, where it's all private unless it somehow ends up getting "hacked" or "leaked" to the public, indirectly of course. And it'd be a shame if that happened wouldn't it Mr. Senator. Real whistleblowers acting against the interests of the powerful within a society need to be willing to sacrifice their own lives (and even possibly putting their family and loved ones at risk as well) for ideology. And by definition of being at a point to have access to such information, they also are probably at a position in life where not doing so would allow them to continue to lead an extremely comfortable life. And ultimately, it may not even matter. Snowden's leaks revealed that basically every single privacy related conspiracy theory of times past was true. They showed that the NSA had are not only trading your nudes [1], but even have spies all the way down into things like World of Warcraft and XBox Live [2]. They also demonstrated countless illegal acts that violated every single possible interpretation of the 4th amendment. And now? Snowden is holed up in some place in Russia knowing full well he'll likely getting Assanged, or worse, if he ever steps foot in a place friendly to the US. And the powers that be? They've only become more flagrant in all of their violations, endlessly protected from the law by a mixture of national security and lack of standing legal claims. Don't underestimate what genuinely leaking against the interests of the powerful entails. People like Snowden are truly unique and selfless individuals. [1] - https://time.com/3010649/nsa-sexually-explicit-photographs-s... [2] - https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/the-nsa-was-spying... Out of curiosity, where did you read that? I assumed Wiki had been trolled, but even they add the rather important follow up you seem to be unaware of [1]. Just quoting Wiki as it is accurate on this note (you can also search anywhere to confirm): "On 8 April 2014 an agreement was reached between Russia and Ukraine to return Ukrainian Navy materials to Ukraine proper. The greater portion of the Ukrainian naval ships and vessels were then returned to Ukraine but Russia suspended this process after Ukraine did not renew its unilaterally declared ceasefire on 1 July 2014 in the conflict in the Donbas." [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Sea_Fleet#Russian_annexa... In the US alone the most recent spending bill allocated another $13.6 billion to Ukraine. [1] I've no idea what the worldwide total is, to say nothing of how much is coming from unreported black budget operations, but Ukraine is getting vastly more than $5 billion, they're getting it in less than 2 months, and they're able to dedicate 100% of it to this war. [1] - https://edition.cnn.com/2022/03/15/politics/biden-ukraine-ai... Don't forget "historic". It seems every day there are approximately 713 new historic events happening, that are totally and completely unlike any other event, evar! Which would you click? There's this weird phenomena in society where we always attribute different actions than those we'd take to the rest of society, and I think it drives a lot of this stupidity. There was certainly a time that yellow journalism drove interest, but that's because it was more the exception than the rule, which enabled it to exploit naivete more effectively. Now that everything is a historic alarming unprecedented catastrophic dangerous event (or in the equal but opposite direction an amazing groundbreaking miracle cure for cancer), I mostly just yawn and look for the next link. And I've no reason to believe that my tolerance for hyperbole (to describe what's happening kindly) is substantially less than the rest of society. As some sort of quantitative evidence for my argument, I'd also point to the trust in media polling [1]. There is only 1 "media" outlet that more than 50% of Americans rate as at least "somewhat trustworthy" - The Weather Channel. That absolutely all trust has collapsed leads me to believe most people know all of this stuff is, at best, yellow journalism. [1] - https://today.yougov.com/topics/politics/articles-reports/20... Let us imagine that starting tomorrow every single American is granted infinite endless and free access to anything available at any restaurant or grocery store or other food service. Do you think that in 10 years the obesity epidemic would be: better, same, worse? I have trouble imagining that it would be better. Look at people who come into access with large sums of money for reasons outside primarily mental achievement - athletes after leaving pro sports, musicians after they stop performing, actors after they stop acting, lottery winners, and so on. Some quick searching turned up articles like this [1]: "The researchers found that the athletes' weight held steady for over 100 years, with the majority of them weighing in at what is considered "normal," -- i.e., with a body mass index (BMI) between 18.5 and 24.9. However, around 1991 the average player's BMI began to rise, and over the last 25 years nearly 80 percent of players fall into the overweight or obese category with a BMI above 25. " There's a strong correlation between socioeconomic status and obesity, but that doesn't mean it's causal. Obesity is primarily driven by a lack of impulse control. If you force yourself not to over-eat, you could live off of even McDonalds without becoming obese. [1] - https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/09/160930085937.h... The idea of going multiplanetary is not to abandon Earth out of necessity, but out of precaution. When you make a backup of your hard disk, it's usually not because you intend to go use your other one for target practice. Waiting to leave Earth when problems become clearly insurmountable is akin to waiting to backup your HDD until you notice it's failing. Indeed the very first thing we should start doing once we begin colonizing our second planet is planning to colonize the third. There are countless ways human civilization, if not the human species, can come to a rather abrupt end: supervolcano explosion blotting out the sky, directed gamma ray burst destroying the atmosphere ( hypothesized as one of the reasons for the great ordovician extinction ), comet impact acting similar to the supervolcano, random evolution creating a supervirus, and so on. And the countless ways we might manage to kill ourselves go without saying: nuclear war, nukes, deploying weaponized viruses, even far more innocuous things like fertility Many of these causes can, have, and will happen abruptly. Not the person you're responding to, but if you're unaware/interested in relevant data this study [1] was just published 10 days ago and it's interesting. It compared the rates of myocarditis/pericarditis only within the 28 day period following vaccination to the rates experienced by unvaccinated individuals over a sample of 23 million Europeans. Keep in mind the metric they use (IRR - incident rate ratio) is a ratio, not a percent. So an IRR of 15 means 1500% more events. Table 2 lays out everything quite nicely. To see it you need to click on figures/tables and scroll down a bit. [1] - https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamacardiology/fullarticle/... Good science always leaves the door open to alternative explanations, even when it may be unlikely. In this case the researchers were relying on BMI to measure obesity. BMI doesn't account for musculature. To not even consider this possibility would be the domain of agenda-driven research, which this paper clearly was not. Here is a link to the actual paper [1]. Their concluding statement was: "Professional athletes are not immune from the growing obesity crisis and may not provide optimal role models of health. Concussions have drawn attention to overlooked long-term health consequences of sport participation. Increasing body mass in professional baseball players warrants similar attention for its potential impact on long-term morbidity and mortality because these players hold a special place as role models of health and human performance in our society." [1] - https://sci-hub.se/10.1016/j.orcp.2016.09.003 "To your request of my opinion of the manner in which a newspaper should be conducted so as to be most useful, I should answer ‘by restraining it to true facts & sound principles only.’ yet I fear such a paper would find few subscribers. it is a melancholy truth that a suppression of the press could not more compleatly deprive the nation of it’s benefits, than is done by it’s abandoned prostitution to falsehood. nothing can now be believed which is seen in a newspaper. truth itself becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle. the real extent of this state of misinformation is known only to those who are in situations to confront facts within their knolege with the lies of the day. I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens, who, reading newspapers, live & die in the belief that they have known something of what has been passing in the world in their time: whereas the accounts they have read in newspapers are just as true a history of any other period of the world as of the present, except that the real names of the day are affixed to their fables. general facts may indeed be collected from them, such as that Europe is now at war, that Bonaparte has been a successful warrior, that he has subjected a great portion of Europe to his will, but no details can be relied on. I will add that the man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than he who reads them; inasmuch as he who knows nothing is nearer to truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods & errors. he who reads nothing will still learn the great facts, and the details are all false." - Thomas Jefferson, 1807 [1] That's one of my favorite quotes that's becoming more relevant by the day. The reason, among many, is that that was written more than 200 years ago. It emphasizes that the brief window of media that many of us grew up within was some weird brief bubble of competence, integrity, and accountability that was for seemingly most all of the rest of humanity's existence, not the case. And we're now simply returning to the 'good ole days.' [1] - https://founders.archives.gov/documents/Jefferson/99-01-02-5... For the past couple of months he's been exclusively on chess.com, with the exception of exactly 1 15 second game he played on Lichess, so I think his position might also be a bit more nuanced! Lichess is great if enjoy the flagging meta, and not so great if you don't. It's made even more extreme by their interpretation of sufficient mating material. A single knight is generally counted as sufficient mating material so you end up scenarios where you're forced to play N v N along with 0 second premoves and that's not something I much enjoy. I understand some folks like this sort of stuff, which is why it's great that there are multiple sites competing instead of a single site monopoly. It's not just content creators. They're involved in events, marketing, and all other sorts of stuff that's dramatically increased the reach of chess. You really can't overstate how much they've done for chess. I've played online since back in the days of ICC which was a defacto monopoly given how much larger than it was than all other sites. You can see their records here [1]. Their record for the max number of players logged in was 7,352. Chess.com at a really random time right now has 183,538 people playing . It wasn't long ago that all of the big tournaments were gradually dying off - even Linares died, for lack of funding. And then the rise of chess.com (along with Magnus - who is an absolutely amazing world champ in terms not only of play but also 'ambassadorship for the game') just sent the game in an entirely different trajectory that nobody would have imagined just 10 or 15 years ago. [1] - https://www.chessclub.com/help/records This wasn't the case for me and I'd also argue that in an ideal society it also should not be the case. The reason is in the corollary. Any meaningful chunk of people's friends being made in college ultimately means that the vast majority of their life is spent without making friends. And that'd be the perfect recipe for a lonely and isolated society. From a practical point of view as well, long distance friendships can work for some time, my most successful made it about 2 decades (with a few interspersed physical 'reunions' in between). But they will all eventually fail as the 'Hey how's it going' messages start to become more formulaic, repetitious, and more of an obligation than a desire. And so unless by happenstance you end up living in the vicinity of college friends, you're going to gradually drift away. And there's already a solution/alternative: literally sort of of local activity. I enjoy chess and a single trip to a local chess club is often more than enough to go from 'I know nobody' to 'I know lots of people' in a new city, and friendships form easily. I'd also encourage anybody here who has even a vague interest in chess to consider that. Chessclubs often have a huge diversity of skill levels, always including a few guys who don't know that much more than how the pieces move - but enjoy getting out and going to play against other people. And "chess club" often translates to 'Hey we meet up this time at this restaurant and play a bit - BYOB.' B being board of course, there's always beer a plenty there. Best part of it all is that chess players tend to be pretty atypical so you'll find all sorts of interesting personalities. This is the conclusion of the paper [1] that this article is based upon: "We suggest that any real declines are generally most easily explained by changes in cultivated varieties between 1950 and 1999, in which there may be trade-offs between yield and nutrient content." What National Geographic says scientists say, "Scientists say that the root of the problem lies in modern agricultural processes that increase crop yields but disturb soil health. These include irrigation, fertilization, and harvesting methods that also disrupt essential interactions between plants and soil fungi, which reduces absorption of nutrients from the soil. These issues are occurring against the backdrop of climate change and rising levels of carbon dioxide, which are also lowering the nutrient contents of fruits, vegetables, and grains." Modern media in a nutshell. [1] - https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15637215/ I'm sure you'd agree that what they claim scientists say gives absolutely no mention to the conclusion of the first paper they chose to reference. How do you interpret this? Let's check out the 2nd paper [1]. It seems in many ways even worse than the first. It not only also offers significant weighting to breeds, but ultimately even rejects the idea of a temporal decline in nutritional value! "Based on the available limited data, and due to variations in sampling, analytical techniques and likely differences in growing location and season, no definitive temporal trends could be established." Basically the observed differences could be easily explained by other simple factors than a mysterious decline, including breed selection. Grow less nutritious crops, get less nutritious food. [1] - https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8750575/ Imagine you were tasked with deciding the greatest film of all time. And after some opaque process over which you have no meaningful influence, you were presented with your choices, the "sides:" "Generic Superhero Movie #1" or "Generic Superhero Movie #2". Of course you are right that one may be objectively better than the other, but I'm also right in that such a choice ought be rejected on principle because neither deserves the validation of participation in such a charade. Look to the media. They sold any and all principles they once held in pursuit of "effecting change". And what happened? Everybody knows everything they say is worthless, they're further than ever from affecting, let alone effecting, anything and now they struggle, with no small degree of contempt and jealousy, to attract the viewership of a mid-tier YouTuber. And this tale of modern media is not some new one. History and humanity endlessly repeats the same stories over and over, with little more than technological improvement offering a change in scenery. This is where the countless parables analogous to selling your soul to the devil come from: observing humanity. The moral being that it doesn't end quite like how you might have imagined. In a democracy in particular, trust is the most important thing in society. Because actions are not guided by the truth, but by what people think the truth is. And when you lose trust, you lose the ability to influence people's perception of that. In a society where a group is perceived as partisan, they end up only being able to influence a fraction of society. There was a poll [1] on this specific question (from May 2021 - so right in the middle of the pandemic), and as of then only 52% of Americans felt that the CDC was trustworthy. That factor alone is going to dramatically outweigh any sort of benefit of their lie. And of course it wasn't just the lie, but their general behavior which frequently came off as extremely disingenuous. In anything even vaguely approaching the longrun, honesty always win. Because while lies may create more optimal outcomes in the extreme shortrun, the decline in trust it causes ultimately means we start getting to play out the fable of The Boy Who Cried Wolf on a societal level. And that's not pleasant. [1] - https://cdn1.sph.harvard.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/94/202... Consider the early 20th century. Some ostensibly irrelevant political figure was assassinated which rapidly spiraled into the "war to end all wars" in which about 20 million people were killed, in a world population of 1.7 billion - so more than 1% of people. In relatively short order this led to the Great Depression in which over 10 years the global economy collapsed leading to mass suicide, starvation, and disorder. And we were just warming up. After that it turns out that the war to end all wars was just the pregame show. An eccentric vegetarian artist with a knack for riling up crowds decided to declare a literal genocidal war on the world, and for some time it looked very much like he was going to win. It only ended after another 80 million deaths (about 3% of the world population this time), the deployment of nuclear weapons, and countless war crimes. And then? Decades of people got to live in the great times where every day there was a real and legitimate concern of imminent nuclear war (which did nearly blast off multiple times) to the point that nuclear drills were a part of the classroom, and people building their own nuclear doomsday bunkers was not only not eccentric but just plain ole pragmatism. The point of this is not just to emphasize that the past was unimaginably and exponentially worse than the present in every imaginable way, but rather that there was no widespread mental health collapse. And there was no "shielding" kids from anything, when the world was literally burning in front of their eyes. So clearly something has changed, and it's not just that things have just gotten bad or that people are now uniquely aware of that. I have my own hypothesis, but this post is already too long. I'll conclude with a song which this post reminded me of: Song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFTLKWw542g Lyrics: https://www.musixmatch.com/lyrics/Billy-Joel/We-Didn-t-Start... Meaning: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/We_Didn%27t_Start_the_Fire#His... Just posted something quite similar to this. Something I would really add here is what those numbers mean in terms of global %, or scaled to modern times. The WW2 death toll is also understated, and closer to 80 million. But that really hits home when you start to consider that in 1939 the world population was around 2.3 billion. So those 80 million deaths would be 275 million scaled to current population, primarily among the youth and those in the prime of their lives. The thing that's exceptional in contemporary times is not how bad things are, but rather how unimaginably good things were during the bubble of time most of us grew up in. And we seemingly took that extreme outlier in the history of humanity for granted. Might you be conflating the notion of a scientific principle with that of an ethical, moral, or otherwise 'social' principle. Should we treat animals humanely? I expect you think the answer is so obvious that this sounds like a rhetorical question. Why? And I'm sure you and I could both give plenty of reasons, but ultimately it's just an opinion. Someone observing a cat torturing another animal solely for its own entertainment (with no intention of even eating it), might well argue why we then in turn feel so obligated to treat them so well - especially were roles reversed in terms of size, there's no doubt the cat would treat us as just another toy for its passing amusement. And such behavior is far from limited to our feline friends. And this is what a principle is. It's an "ought" that isn't necessarily based on anything concrete. Do you value security or freedom more? There's no right or wrong answer there, it comes down to what your own personal values and principles. But the reason we hold the principles and values we do is because we believe them to be right. And so in this case, I see no reason to imagine we are not judging other people (even if we might like to imagine its not the case). And yes, when principles come into contradiction with no room for a middle ground, conflict will eventually emerge. It's the story of humanity's past, present, and undoubtedly future - as much as we might want to not want it to be so. The relative change in the number of goods/services for sell. This is determined by taking the $ output and then dividing by regularly adjusted industry specific normalizing factors to try to convert $ to quantity. Labor productivity (what this article is mentioning) is then further divided by total hours worked across all considered industries. You, more or less, need a domicile to live. This puts them in a very distinct place in the market. I'd reference the Nikkei 225 circa 1990 [1]. That graph is not inflation adjusted. Up to 1990 everybody thought Japan was well on its way to becoming the world's largest economy on an exponential and unstoppable economic acceleration. And it was unstoppable. Then it stopped. I am not saying this will be the case, but rather that we're at what is likely the largest inflection point in modern history, and trying to predict where the world will be at in 10 years has become effectively impossible. [1] - https://www.macrotrends.net/2593/nikkei-225-index-historical... Why would taxation "destroy money" in times of endless deficits? All that taxed money, and much more on top, is spent before it's even received. > "If your system can have a conversation with a human who believes they're talking to another human afterwards, it's AI, we're not there yet." ============== [16:31:08] Judge: don't you thing the imitation game was more interesting before Turing got to it? [16:32:03] Entity: I don't know. That was a long time ago. [16:33:32] Judge: so you need to guess if I am male or female [16:34:21] Entity: you have to be male or female [16:34:34] Judge: or computer ============== The Turing test you're referencing [1] (transcripts included) was a charade. It seems all participants and organizers were determined to create a scenario where the Turing test could be passed, regardless of whether it actually could or not. Turing's 'test' was never precisely described but he essentially said that after 5 minutes an "interrogator" would not be able to effectively determine whether an AI he was interrogating was a man or a machine. I'll just list various details on the event, in no particular order: - Turing specified "interrogators" who would be actively seeking to expose the AI as an AI. The test in question used judges who made no effort whatsoever to challenge the AI frequently asking questions like "How old are you?" - The judges were not judging an AI but instead having a simultaneous interaction with two entities, and had to pick which was human. Some of the humans seemed to actively make an effort to appear non-human, which paired with judges making no effort to challenge the AI increased the chances of a random result. - The "AI" that won 'replicated' a 13 year old non-native speaking boy, probably as an excuse for its frequent incoherent responses. Other of its responses were effectively refusing to cooperate or going on complete nonsequiturs which could again be excused for being a 13 year old boy. - The interactions were limited to 5 minutes with two entities and seemingly slow typing from both the judge and the participants. Some interactions were limited to as few as 2 responses from which to make a decision. - In the paper itself, the researchers were quite confused why some of the participants and judges behaved the way they did. Obviously they just wanted to be part of something "historic". - The dialogue I quoted at the top was from a human, obviously trying to trick the judge into misclassifying him as a computer. And it worked, that was one of the 3 misclassifications required to hit their 30% benchmark for passing. [1] - https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/0952813X.2015.1... Balloon Girl Shredding: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banksy#Balloon_Girl_Shredding Classical art was sold on the perceived quality of the art. Contemporary art is sold on the notoriety of the artist. A framed copy of what was originally a stencil graffiti was sold for > $1 million because it was Banksy. After being shredded as part of a prank, the then shredded work was resold for > $25 million. The value of those empty canvases are now likely worth well north of the $84k paid, because wow what art. And yes, /s. An interesting anecdote I've experienced on this topic living abroad is how many Buddhists, in an almost exclusively Buddhist nation, have some degree of admiration for Christianity while having some degree of disdain for their own religion or philosophy. I think it's the foreign aspect, but also another one is that when you have limited experience of what a casual Christian (or Buddhist) is like, it creates a falsely positive impression. Many of the Christians people in this country would be familiar with are a mixture of missionaries and people who came and did things like set up schools and hospitals for people at little to no cost. And, vice versa, Buddhists Americans are generally familiar with are going to be those genuinely interested in the pursuit for its own sake, rather than driven to such out of cultural inertia. By contrast here you get daily news about things such as monks being busted running illegal gambling dens, and sometimes the rather more perverse. And there's also a culture associating various Buddhist icons with good luck which trends towards a complete bastardization and mockery of it as people try to literally use such for good luck. Think of something like the equivalent of a poker player praying to God 'Just one time, Jesus' while rubbing a crucifix. The various Buddhist "rituals" for good results during finals are well, not something that's going to exactly exemplify the moral pursuits of Buddhism. Seeing people express something along the lines of the myth of the noble savage, when you're that savage and certainly not noble is quite interesting, and jading! Belief in free speech is an ideology. The US Constitution's first amendment is a restriction against the US government in passing laws restricting speech. The two are not the same thing. You will find countless quotes such as the following among the founding fathers: "The force of public opinion cannot be resisted when permitted freely to be expressed. The agitation it produces must be submitted to. It is necessary, to keep the waters pure." - Thomas Jefferson To imagine they would see the current scenario where the government and a handful of corporations are working in cahoots to suppress expression + drive self censorship on a scale unlike anything in our history, and go "Yip, working as intended." is just disingenuous. Interesting idea. Mathematically it seems that it would on average create a perfect distribution. But it'd also lend itself to some substantial variance. Imagine you have a 650-350 voter lead in a state with 10 districts. The way you maximize the number of competitive election is by packing 3 districts 100-0. The party with 650 voters now has the same number of voters remaining as the party with 350, for the next 7 districts. Mathematically this works out perfectly because the party with 650 voters has an overall seat expectation of (3 + 7 * 0.5) = 6.5, but if you run the math further here's how it looks. The party with 35% of the representation gets (assuming a 50% outcome per competitive election): =============== 0 seats = 1% 1 seats = 6% 2 seats = 16% 3 seats = 27% 4 seats = 27% 5 seats = 16% 6 seats = 6% 7 seats = 1% =============== When looking at things like this you always need to consider a rally around the flag effect. When a country is threatened by outsiders, it tends to result in a dramatic increase in support for government and its leaders. After 9/11, Bush's approval rating hit 90%, the highest ever recorded for any US president. And it stayed inflated (though not to such insane highs) for years, including through at least the start of our invasions of both Afghanistan and Iraq. Russians now feel as though they're under attack by the West with an ends of destroying them not only economically and politically but also culturally. That is going to send support soaring with the perceived threat there is orders of magnitude greater than something like Bin Laden. So you're not going to be able to get level-headed responses until [likely many] years after this ends - similar to how if you polled the average American circa 2001 you'd get dramatically different views on the actions we took than you would if you asked them a decade later, even beyond the countless discoveries outside the "fog of war". This is one reason I also think our ongoing response is not the right path forward for any outcome other than escalation. The more we arbitrarily attack anything "Russian", the more we frame ourselves not as an enemy of the war but as an enemy of the Russian people and even the Russian culture. And far from achieving a de-escalation, this just seems it will inevitably march us that much closer to WW3. You own voting rights, that's it. The recent Twitter stuff emphasized this. Some people were wondering why they can't just refuse to sell their stock (if the deal passes the various requirements, which includes a shareholder vote) if they don't want to. The reason is because they don't actually own anything, just a vote. If the company as a whole decides to go become a new entity (going from public to private in this case), the entity you owned a vote in no longer exists. In an increasingly large number of companies even this notion of a vote is a facade. For instance at Facebook and Google, Zuckerberg and Larry/Sergey would maintain majority control even if you bought all the stock on the open market, because of stock tiering. So when you buy stock in these companies you're practically not even buying a vote. I mean you technically are, but it's like participating in an election of with 100 other people, where one guy gets a vote that magically counts as 101 votes. That why things like the occasional 'share holders look to force Zuckerberg out' type articles are 100% clickbait. Google and Facebook also even tried to force scenarios on shareholders where the real owners of the company were going to "sell" their shares without giving up control by introducing non-voting shares. These plans were only stopped thanks to the courts because they, of course, passed a shareholder vote. [1] [1] - https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2017/09/shareholders-for... There's a pretty interesting phenomena in life that rates of loneliness tend to be vastly higher in urban areas than in rural. [1] It makes absolutely no sense on the surface. How can a town of 1000 people have a lower rate of loneliness than a city that has several orders of magnitude more people per area? You're definitely right that as new members join a group, the mean interests of that group change. But you can't discount the average weakening of social ties. When there are 5 people in a group everybody is going to know each other extremely well. When there are 50,000 you'll have no clue who the vast majority are and respond accordingly. When you get into the millions everybody else may as well be a one-off chatbot. Unless you purposefully create a group within the group (which is really just starting the whole process over again), your odds of seeing the same individual twice approach zero. [1] - https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7012443/ One interesting aspect of any form of currency that is strictly finite (like most crypto implementations are) is that it will become deflationary over time. Economies, demand, etc will grow but the amount of currency will stay, more or less, the same. So the currency will inherently become worth more. Good and bad depending on how you look at. As a holder, it's good because your money becomes worth more. But on a macroeconomic level, there's an argument to be made that inflation is good because it basically is a deterrent against 'hodlllll' and a motivator for things like lending and what not, which help the gears of the economy churn. But we're probably going to get to see the endgame of the inflationary fiat game in our lives and I guess we just get to see whether a depressionary crash or an inflationary crash is less awful. One thing that's so easy to kind of mentally ignore is that every single person - politician, executive, or janitor is just another person like we all are. And that comes with good-sides and bad-sides of humanity. Another similar example that struck a chord for me was the Snowden leaks showing the NSA were trading peoples nudes/sexual pics at work. [1] One of the biggest arguments people apathetic towards privacy make is something along 'the [e.g.] NSA doesn't care about your [e.g.] tits' - maybe true, maybe not - but the humans who actually make up this entity? Oh yes they most certainly do. [1] - https://www.newsweek.com/snowden-claims-nsa-workers-circulat... You probably answered your own question. Humans haven't left Low Earth Orbit since December 7th, 1972! We're just coming up on half century anniversary. What a drear celebration that'll be. I expect there was just relatively little interest in exploring these things in the past when it was clear humans weren't going anywhere. Now there's China + SpaceX. SpaceX is now already launching humans to LEO and their long since stated goal is Mars. And China is also making rapid and major progress in expanding beyond Earth. And China+Russia have already stated a goal of establishing an ideally international manned moon base. The future has never looked brighter for manned exploration of the stars, and that's going to impact motivations. The odds there are surprisingly high, but not better than even. 44.75% I'd argue it's more similar to cocaine. Tobacco is unhealthy, but the consequences were somewhat intuitive long before being proven (repeatedly cycling smoke through the lungs is intuitively unhealthy), and the real health effects aren't especially visible except over long time frames and with large samples. By contrast, the shifts in behavior, effects, and downsides, of cocaine become apparent extremely rapidly and it's consumed in a way that makes it less obvious of the dangers. Vin Mariani [1] was a popular wine created in the mid 19th century. It's advocates included royalty, Popes, Thomas Edison, Ulysses S Grant, and countless others. It was wine mixed with cocaine. That wine itself also served as the inspiration for Coca-Cola - Coke, whose name derived from its two primary ingredients: Cocaine + Kola Nut. Employers would give their workers cocaine to improve productivity, individuals themselves would use it (or various common products containing it) for similar ends, or just simple recreation. And we basically had a society where a large chunk of people were frequently coked out. But it was undoubtedly difficult to realize how absurd we all were because when something becomes ubiquitous, what do you have to compare it against? And I think that's much closer to the reality we now live in where the impacts of social media are rather extremely evident on both a micro and macro scale, yet not only is the vast majority of society already hooked on it - but the people in power with the capacity to curtail its ails are themselves just as addicted to it, or alternatively exploiting it for their own personal benefit. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vin_Mariani I don't think people are getting overwhelmed or anxious from the information, but rather from the way that information is presented. The past was, in nearly every measurable way, vastly worse than the present. In the span of a single life you go from WW1 to the Spanish Flu to the Great Depression to WW2 to the very real threat of nuclear annihilation which nearly came to be multiple times. And you didn't need to seek out information on this. You were likely directly affected by some of these events. If you weren't, you certainly knew somebody who died or was otherwise severely affected themselves. I mean think about COVID and then bump up its impact exponentially. And then imagine living through events of this scale over and over and over and over again. That is what people in the past lived through. Today you can present data impartially, or emotionally. Emotional narrative gives a million clicks, a million shares, and drives extreme "engagement" that is a hair's breadth away from mob mentality. You can also present data impartially, which drives little more than a more informed society. It's not a surprise which path we take. Some context that's missed in the title. "Plunging enrollment" and a "seismic hit" is their way of describing an overall 2% decline in enrollment. The article states that there are around 50 million students in the US public education system, and total enrollment has declined by 1.2 million. The article also provides very little in the way of non-anecdotal data. Digging through the article we get: - Big declines: California, Denver, Albuquerque, Oakland - Increases: Florida, "rural resort areas" (which have seen "surging enrollment"), private schools. Given we're talking about a 2% decline, and the sort of places we're seeing declines in contrasted against where we're seeing gains, I think there's an explanation here that is so obvious that it goes without stating. Oddly enough that explanation is entirely ignored by the article. My perception of US public schools has shifted radically over the past 10 years, and especially in the past couple of years. It had nothing to do with COVID except insomuch as COVID may have facilitated greater awareness of the educational curriculum. It's obviously true, to the point of tautology, that schools which pick students who will likely succeed will tend to have students who succeed. But I wouldn't say that these schools offer nothing better after controls. If it takes Timmy, on average, 2 days to learn a lesson and Tom 20 minutes to learn a lesson, then a system that focuses more on the educator of source of problems, instead of the child, is going to trend towards each lesson taking 2 days. And Tom? Well I imagine many of us were Tom. He'll be bored out of his mind, but hopefully can manage to use his vast swaths of free time for something other than shenanigans and being the class clown. By contrast at a school where Tom is the mean student, similar lessons can now trend towards being done in 20 minutes. Tom has a much more interesting time, learns vastly more, and comes out far better at the end. Yes I'm aware of ideals like differentiated instruction [1] but it not only poses a massive burden on educators, it also fails to solve the problem. Even in its ideal scenario, you end up sacrificing breadth for an ideal of depth that in many cases is somewhat nonsensical. Instead of having since learned geometry, Tom is instead stuck continuing to "learn" basic arithmetic he already knows, but with 'enriched opportunities for educational depth' [with basic arithmetic]. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Differentiated_instruction Their flagship product is Google search. But compared to 10-15 years ago, the results are hyper-monetized, full of spam, and frequently just not especially great. I understand there are many reasons for this (though some of those originate with Google itself), but that's rather the point. The whole reason Google became a thing is because most search engines 20 years ago were full of results that were "hyper-monetized, full of spam, and frequently just not especially great." Then Google came and offered a product that effectively solved this, and quickly became a giant because of it. Maintaining, let alone evolving, means continuing to work at least as well in the face of changing conditions. Veritasium has an awesome video on planned obsolescence here. [1] The problem in many cases isn't that it costs so much more to make products that last, but rather that making products that break is just way more profitable when you can effectively control the market to such a degree that you don't need to worry about some party pooper (1) coming in and making stuff that does genuinely last and (2) gaining significant marketshare. The example of the light bulb cartel that had unquality assurance, spot testing, and a formal structure of fines and penalties for any members who made too long of lasting lightbulbs is just hilariously dystopic. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5v8D-alAKE Incidentally what you're describing is precisely where the term of planned obsolescence [1] actually comes from! In the early 20th century GM wanted to sell cars but the problem is that the market was already saturated with cars that were well functioning and built to last. And so they needed to develop a way to convince people to buy another thing that does effectively the same as some other thing they already own. And so instead of working on creating better cars, they worked on marketing, persuading people that round edges were better than square were better than round were better than square. Hey, look at this new color! I quite like the quote referenced in Wiki, describing this all as "the systematic attempt of business to make us wasteful, debt-ridden, permanently discontented individuals." [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planned_obsolescence#History In modern times planned obsolescence is a normal part of business. The comments for the linked video [1] are awesome because it has so many people from different areas of industry (and academia) sharing anecdotes. So cartel? Probably not. Built to fail? Almost certainly. If we view things only through the lens of profit, then MTTF (mean time to fail) is just another curve to maximize against profit. If it's too short then your reputation will suffer and you'll lose money. If it's too long, then you're just leaving money on the table. In our society the brilliant engineer is not the one who makes a thing that last for 50 years, but one that lasts for just long enough to avoid damaging your brand image, and also fails in a way that makes the consumer more incentivized to buy a new thing than try to repair their current one. The guy who came up with the idea of slowing old iPhones "to save battery life" is who the bonus+promotion is going to. One of the biggest problems that has to be understood is that there is every incentive for money-driven governments to actively support planned obsolescence. Planned obsolescence drives factors that we believe are indicators of a strong economy, like GDP. If people were able to stop endlessly buying the same things over and over, the "economy" would take an absolutely massive hit. And with it there would also be declines in employment, tax revenue, and everything else. This is one of the many examples where the socially detrimental relationship between government and big business isn't just based around corruption. Of course our system, for all its flaws, also has its benefits. Like the old Soviet joke goes, "It may be true that the Americans have the biggest skyscrapers, but we have the biggest transistors!" [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5v8D-alAKE Imagine we had a society for a minute where we judged people, harshly and critically, based not upon their motivation (perceived or real) but upon their behavior. Good actions are judged positively. Bad actions, negatively. Behind nearly every great evil in our society there was an individual, and a group behind him, who saw themselves as the good guys engaging only in awful misdeeds for the sake of a great society for everybody down the line. Their motivations noble, their actions despicable. Their great motivation never comes to pass, but the harm they did in pursuit of it certainly did. And vice versa, Henry Ford radically improved the lives of his workers. In a time of a 6 day week with 10-12 hour days, he chose to adopt an 8 hour work day and 5 day work week. Why? After experimenting with it, he noticed it yielded greater productivity than the previous 10-12 hour, 6 day weeks. In other words because he did it because it made him [much] richer. He had a primarily selfish motivation, but in pursuit of it carried out actions that created a better life for countless others. Of course when we look to the past, what I'm saying is hardly novel. Far more clever men said this much more succinctly than I ever could, "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth." The fact they're capable of successfully building, deploying, and advancing nuclear technology should tell you that your stereotypes are missing some things. The Wiki page [1] is very outdated, but has plentiful information to at least start challenging your stereotypes. For instance almost 40 years ago now, North Korea had reportedly 23,000 college/university teachers alongside 4000 other postsecondary teachers teaching upwards of 300,000 university level students at the time, with an educational system largely focused on STEM. And it's reasonable to expect those numbers have increased since. Education through secondary is mandatory, and there is then a competitive process for admittance to higher education. Adult education is also an ongoing process with workers continuing to participate in educational groups daily and also having, and having the opportunity to participate in the equivalent of educational 'boot camps' to learn advanced trades. I feel in modern society that we are increasingly failing to learn from the past (and present) due to presenting things such that evil is evil through and through, and good - well it at least has some flaws, but tends to be more or less good through and through. Reality isn't quite so kind. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education_in_North_Korea I think that's somewhat different because in Ancient Greece there was extreme decentralization. Cities were sovereign entities with an extreme diversity of ideological and other values. Compare Athens and Sparta, for instance. And so in this system, if one stays in a city then there is a strong argument to be made that they are implicitly supportive of the laws and rules of said area. In modern times this isn't really the case. There tend to be immense legal restrictions on movement, let alone living + working in different areas. And the differences that do exist between even nations within the same "sphere" tend to be relatively negligible compared to, again, the sort of monumental differences you'd see just between different Greek city-states like Athens/Sparta. Do you happen to know the overall change in accidents? That's the big question behind the motivation for this change. There's no doubt that helmets would reduce the percent of all accidents that are head related, but does some reduced concern about safety result in more accidents overall? Can you elaborate on the problem there? I'm confused because as you described it, it seems just something like select * from table where startDate >= 123 and endDate would solve the problem. "In the end, the Party would announce that two and two made five, and you would have to believe it. It was inevitable that they should make that claim sooner or later: the logic of their position demanded it. Not merely the validity of experience, but the very existence of external reality, was tacitly denied by their philosophy. The heresy of heresies was common sense. And what was terrifying was not that they would kill you for thinking otherwise, but that they might be right. For, after all, how do we know that two and two make four? Or that the force of gravity works? Or that the past is unchangeable? If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable—what then?" George Orwell, 1984 If one grants primacy over their own mental faculties - believing that anybody else's word has more relevance than their very interpretation of the world - then that other group now has the power to make one believe, and ultimately do, anything. At scale, that is a recipe for horrible things. A society with a freedom of thought will never have a utopia because we just can't stop finding falsehoods appealing. But you will also never have a dystopia because society will always trend towards the truth as the past of least resistance, even if the road there might be quite bumpy. But in the grand scheme of things this is the state mankind has been in that sent us from being glorified apes to to being glorified apes with vast cities, neat toys, and being on the verge of setting out in exploration and settlement of the stars. At least in emergency care, nurses independently resolve the vast majority of cases (though of course the doctor on duty has the final say/responsibility) and also have significant medical training. Nurses are also responsible for triaging (prioritizing) cases which is not infrequently a life and death level of responsibility. As part of their education nurses are also required to take classes which are generally considered weedout in the sciences, such as organic chemistry. Most nurses could likely become doctors if they so chose, but 8 years of education, a few more years in residency/'bootcamp', and at many places having insane hours + being always on call, and everything else that comes with being a doctor is not everybody's cup of tea. A nurse is much more comparable to something like a dev whereas a doctor is something closer to a combination of the tech and dev leads. QA doesn't really have an appropriate analog in medicine because every person plays a critical role. A hospital without nurses would become instantly inoperable. By contrast companies can, and have, scrapped their entire QA departments and continue to function more or less normally. I think a key issue is that software that's overtly buggy reflects more on poor development and management practices than it does on poor QA practices. In the meta it's listed as the author name. A good way to illustrate the consequences of "curating" searches is to search for its meta description but exclude the term RT (which presumably overrides the "curation") : https://duckduckgo.com/?q=the+first+Russian+24%2F7+English-l... You get lots of spammy stuff (top link is a site offering to sell a translation of RT), site-ranking sites (that rank RT), some rando lady quoting RT's meta description on Twitter (!!!), and even RT's pages on Twitter, Linkedin. And then it's finally there, just before getting into really high quality results like a page on rotten tomatoes ranking the 200 Best LGBTQ+ Movies of All Time. "Curating" results is a great way to completely break your own search engine. Channels that get big for the sake of having amazing quality tend to pick up production quality at some point, probably by hiring people. So if you're watching older/larger channels, the correlation won't be as obvious. On the other hand, we can time warp! This is the oldest video on YouTube from Veritasium: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cU2dZz18P0c I'm sure there were plenty of even gankier ones prior since by that time he already had his nice logo sorted out, a pretty good broadcasting setup, and more. In any case, here's his latest video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1bSDnuIPbo I think this is a risky side to take. Consider that your argument isn't all that far from a kid wondering why they should learn math. After all if they ever needed to use it, they could just use a calculator, like the one they bought from the clerk who whipped our her trusty calculator to determine how much change to give for the 120 coin calculator that was paid for with 200 coins. Navigational skills are likely not only improving our mind in ways we might not otherwise appreciate, but also serves a countless practical scenarios. Something as simple as getting around at a large market or mall often comes down to the exact same skills as reading a map. In fact that is what you're often literally doing as you find a floor map to locate the location you'd like to go to. There are also examples on the other side. Read this [1] warning from the national parks service about GPS and Death Valley. Multiple people blindly following GPS there have lost their lives because of it, and countless other similar locations that are quite remote and where what your GPS tells you, and what reality tells you may often contradict. Finally, if we ever enter into a war against another major power - on day one of the war, all GPS is going to cease to exist for the foreseeable future (with the internet not far behind). Those satellites are sitting ducks and are going to be high priority targets. This shouldn't even be an argument, but this scenario is looking increasingly likely with every passing day. [1] - https://www.nps.gov/deva/planyourvisit/directions.htm You're misrepresenting that article. That article was not some random historian offering an academic criticism. That person was hand-picked by the NYTimes to "fact-check" their article. They undoubtedly chose her because of her ideological background, thinking that she would be okay with revisionary history. She wasn't. So they ignored her. "Breaking News: Ukraine ended its “combat mission” in Mariupol and said fighters were being evacuated, signaling that the battle at a steel plant was over." [1] In the article originally linked [2]: "Ukrainian officials said that evacuations from the Azovstal steel factory had begun. The military said that 264 service members, 53 of them “seriously injured,” had been taken by bus to areas controlled by Russian forces." That is how the NYTimes, alongside the rest of the corporate media - in unison, chose to describe the recent mass surrender of thousands of Ukrainian forces in Mauripol where the most intense fighting to date had occurred. That is literal and intentional disinformation intended to mislead readers. Of course don't expect the corporate media to get down-ranked anytime soon. Because "disinformation" isn't about disinformation, it's about publishing anything that runs contrary to the narrative of the day, a narrative that disturbingly often now ends up being completely false. [1] - https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/1526336507430182912 [2] - https://web.archive.org/web/20220516233043/https://www.nytim... The currency controls have been repeatedly loosened, though it's difficult to try to find what the latest rules are. Russia's now growing concerned that the Ruble is growing too strong. That can hurt exports and exporters, as it means [relatively] higher domestic costs + lower profits. When war is so unimaginably profitable to the people with an outsized influence in the running of country, that is going to play a significant role in deciding how we shape our geopolitical relations. This is precisely what Eisenhower warned about in his famous farewell address. [1] Literally everything he warned society about has come to pass. [1] - https://avalon.law.yale.edu/20th_century/eisenhower001.asp There's another way to look at this. The more data you send per packet, the more that can be reasonably interpolated by the client in between updates. Diffs also becomes impossible of course in cases where you're using UDP. So for instance imagine you're only sending visible targets to a player in updates, and then there is a brief stutter - you end up risking having a target magically warp onto the player's screen, which is obv undesirable. Pack in everybody's location (or at least maybe within some as the crow flies radius) and the client experience will break less frequently. Of course like you said though, now the bandwidth goes up. Just because one is an emperor does not mean they can suddenly solve any problem. This is precisely what Aurelius' writings [1] focus almost exclusively on. In spite of being the most powerful man in the world he found himself to be quite helpless in terms of actually improving the state of mankind which was his genuine motivation. As a peer comment mentioned, these writings were never meant to even be seen by anybody other than himself. They're effectively his diary. He found himself not only largely unable to help better mankind, but could not even better his own son. Aurelius is generally regarded as one of the greatest leaders of humanity to have lived; his son (Commodus) - one of the worst. Father deified, son assassinated (to great celebration) and struck from all official record. And it wasn't simply failure to achieve, but also failure of circumstance. He was surrounded by death which climaxed with a many years long plague that by some estimates killed more than 30% of the entire empire's population, including some of Aurelius' own immediate family. [1] - http://files.libertyfund.org/files/2133/Aurelius_1464_LFeBk.... # That book has a lengthy, and necessary, intro (well multiple actually) explaining stoicism and providing various historical context. Aurelius' writings themselves only begin on page 25 of the book, 59 of the PDF. In my ever-cynical view, I imagine in most cases manufacturers don't, themselves, especially care about the data from their devices. I see various other motivations: 1) Price increases. It's "smart". Pay us more. 2) Planned obsolescence. You have numerous new points of failure in your product + make repairing vastly more difficult. 3) Monetize collected data by selling it to interested parties. The data quality, or lack thereof, is a secondary concern. There can be no race to the bottom simply because China has cheaper labor and fewer regulations which mean that they are able to produce components, for profit, at a cost below what it would take for us to even produce those same components, let alone show a profit margin on them. The more predictable outcome would be once domestic chips are being manufactured in sufficient quantity, foreign chips are either banned because "national security", or large tariffs are imposed on them. In either case you effectively create an uncompetitive oligopoly within the country in a field with tremendous barriers to entry. I'm sure that'd never be abused. Graphs with zoomed in Y axes make eyeballing often misleading. Consider the data: 2000-2016: -4.3% LFPR 2016-2020: +1% LFPR Current: 0.2% below what we were in September 2015 (while currently in a sharply increasing trend) The graph is eye popping, but the numbers themselves don't seem particularly exceptional. That article is quite odd. It does not misrepresent the studies that it references. This [1][2] is the primary one, the 2004 paper from Davis et al. But the paper makes it very clear, as does the article in its discussion of the paper, that the main culprit is believed to largely come down to breed selection. It does consider soil quality and ultimately dismisses it as the main variable: "The apparent overall decreases for some nutrients are interesting and potentially of concern, but like Mayer and Johnson, we urge caution about their interpretation. Mineral decreases are popularly predicted for, or blamed on, mineral deficiencies in soil and fertilizer [5], but without sufficient consideration of contrary evidence and other possibilities. [Snipping various scientific evidence they mention] Factors other than soil mineral concentrations seem to have primary control of food mineral contents for the foods and minerals studied here. (The minerals I and Se are well known exceptions to this rule.) In the case of Fe, depletion is never an issue; instead, the issue is the ability of the plant to acquire the Fe that it needs. The fraction of soluble Fe in soils may be only about 10^-13 of total soil Fe." In general, there seems to be an inverse relationship between nutrition and yield: higher nutrition + lower yield, or lower nutrition + higher yield. It's not hard to guess which we pick. But then the article (similar to another published in Discover magazine) focuses entirely and exclusively on soil quality as the primary issue. [1] - https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15637215/ [2] (SciHubbed) - https://sci-hub.st/https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/15637215/ I'd strongly argue against that. A lot of people somewhat mindlessly consumer fruit and fruit juice 'because it's good for you' which is a reasonable proxy for high levels of things like Vitamin C. And fruit is in general very good for you, but of course it's also quite high in calories. A single navel orange has upwards of 70 calories [1]. So 2 oranges ~= 1 can of Coke. And fruit juice is even worse. A plain cup of orange juice has 112 calories. If somebody buys some form of it that's been sweetened or otherwise mixed, you can easily end up with your OJ having more calories than a Coke. People can easily speed their way to obesity by eating things that they think (and are) 'good for them' without really appreciating how many calories they're consuming. Similar to how things like vegans can easily end up consuming way too many calories when doing things like using peanuts as a protein source. An 80kg man needs around 64 grams of protein a day. 64 grams of protein from peanuts (to take things to an extreme) would be more than 1400 calories. And that's from raw unseasoned peanuts, which have the best nutrition:calorie ratio. [1] - https://www.verywellfit.com/oranges-nutrition-facts-calories... The biggest factor is likely just reduced infant mortality. Today when we say today that somebody has a life expectancy of e.g. 80 years, then it does mean you can expect people to start dropping of various causes around that age, give or take a bit because infant mortality is approaching zero. In the past infant mortality was extremely high, with frail infants invariably ending up as dead infants. And so in the past if you looked at somebody who was 15 years old, it's very likely that he'd live to roughly the same age as somebody today. It's not like he'd just start dropping around age 40. It was more a mix of people living to 5 years old and people living to 80 years old. Take the founding fathers as a random example: ========== John Adams - 91 Benjamin Franklin - 84 Alexander Hamilton - 49 (killed in a duel) John Jay - 84 Thomas Jefferson - 83 James Madison - 85 George Washington - 67 (speculation he may have been killed by a common medical practice of the time - bloodletting) ========== Interestingly enough this goes all the way back to Ancient Greek times where you may be surprised upon some brief research to see how long any Greek you know of likely lived to, in spite of having effectively zero medical knowledge and hygienic practices such as shared butt sponges (in lieu of toilet paper) at the various public toilets. The reason I more contemporary samples is because one can reasonably argue a survivorship bias in the Ancient Greeks. Would you know of Philosophartes today if he had died when he was 40? Probably, but I can't prove that. The founding fathers though were all relatively young when their names were inscribed into history. I wouldn't say it's the industry, but the mission. You can earn more and work less at practically any other major aerospace company, and also get hired more easily. But instead of working on a goal of getting humans living on Mars, you're working on a goal of maximizing quarterly gains for shareholders. Infant life expectancy describes the huge changes. We went from life expectancies in the 30s not that long ago, to life expectancies in the 70s, largely due to it. The smaller changes since are going to be from many reasons that will also often vary heavily between regions. Unfortunately I lack the knowledge to even begin to intelligently speculate about the reasons for China's improvements. C# has had cross platform support for 17 years. Without getting into the horror show of absolutely counter-intuitive acronyms that is modern .NET development (of which C# is a part), .NET now directly and natively supports cross platform targeting. I can build a Linux/Mac/etc binary from my Windows machine with the same compiler by changing a single flag. It's pretty cool stuff. The Uno platform is a third party project that ties this, and more, together to enable building single code-base cross platform apps with native UIs simultaneously targeting Windows/iOS/Android/Web (WebAssembly)/Linux/macOS/Surface Duo. Imagine we somehow were able to purge all political and media influence, past and present, from the minds of each person today. And then had them rank the issues they find most relevant in the world. Where do you think the things people today spend all their time politicking on would rank? Similarly imagine they wrote out their 'oughts' of what the world ought look like in their eyes. How much overlap do you think there would be with the political platforms of today? Of course we can only speculate, but to me it seems self evident that there would be effectively 0 overlap. The issue is that politics invariably turns into a viral team sport where people pick some side, adopt that side's views wholesale, convince themselves they're the most important thing ever, and then set out to convert everybody else to their team, beat the other teams in any way possible, and of course always fanatically cheer on their own team regardless of whether or not its deserved. And then when things get hot enough, you get violence. Politics is precisely what started WW1. An otherwise irrelevant Archduke was assassinated and then that politically snowballed into everybody killing everybody everywhere, because politics. Then we chose to engage in extreme political myopia imposing absolutely harsh punishments on the losers of the war which, shockingly enough, didn't really lead to them rejoining the "world order" but instead declaring war on it again, and nearly winning. And the only reason we haven't yet had WW3 is nuclear weapons. War doesn't really work when you can guarantee that your country (and you, for that matter) will most likely not exist at the end, "win" or lose. But now political frenzies are overriding even that most basic aspect of self preservation and inching us closer to WW3 than we've ever been. So no, I do not think he was being tongue in cheek. The latest word is that this is where the previous idea about a cup of wine a day being good for you came from (it's not). Studies pursuing this question generally did not sufficiently control for the fact that people regularly drinking alcohol are in a state of health where they can regularly drink alcohol. It's not as easy to control for as it sounds because somebody might defer for reasons tied to possible health issues, but without even knowing it. Instead, just like you're talking about here simply not liking how it makes them feel. And not long ago Facebook was a very small surface for MySpace. And Reddit was a very small surface for Digg, and so on. Network effects can cause competition to rapidly snowball. I don't think these sort of things are very comparable. Of course you'll always find extremists in militaries. But in this case the military itself integrated a real Nazi militia as an independent state force. It would be like if the US marines officially recognized the Aryan Brotherhood and gave them their own unit, including with integrating overt Nazi symbols as part of their uniform. This [1] is an article from Time in 2018. You can find other countless similar articles elsewhere. You'll find that the narrative before and after the Ukraine war took an extremely hard 180 to the point of absurdity. Just one segment from the article: "After the worst such [anti-Islam terror] attack in recent years—the massacre of 51 people in Christchurch, New Zealand, in 2019—an arm of the Azov movement helped distribute the terrorist’s raving manifesto, in print and online, seeking to glorify his crimes and inspire others to follow. .... It might seem ironic for this hub of white nationalists to be situated in Ukraine. At one point in 2019, it was the only nation in the world, apart from Israel, to have a Jewish President and a Jewish Prime Minister. Far-right politicians failed to win a single seat in parliament in the most recent elections. But in the context of the white-supremacist movement globally, Azov has no rivals on two important fronts: its access to weapons and its recruiting power." There's also stuff like [2] which is a freedom-of-information act report from the Department of Homeland Security. They're concerned about the fact that "Ukrainian nationalist groups including the Azo[v] Movement are actively recruiting racially or ethnically motivated violent extremist-white supremacists (RMVE-WS) to join various neo-Nazi volunteer battalions in the war against Russia". This whole thing is becoming increasingly absurd where the information warfare is gradually moving from propaganda to 1984. [1] - https://time.com/5926750/azov-far-right-movement-facebook/ [2] - https://propertyofthepeople.org/document-detail/?doc-id=2202... No, that's definitely not what I'm saying. And I also didn't read the original post that way. There are a lot of problems in Ukraine (outside of this war) and they have also done some pretty awful things. Many of the things that go unstated in our media can go some way towards explaining the war, but there's a difference between explaining and justifying. And I increasingly feel that that nuance is being lost in society, which divides us all even further. Dark Wizard! It remains one of my favorite games of all time and was [probably too] far ahead of its time. It's an open-world turn based battle strategy game with leveling units, multiple storylines to play through (with distinct heroes, persistent/leveling units, skill trees, evolution trees, etc), lots of secrets, and so on. It also has some great orchestral type music [1]. It holds up extremely well. [2] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnLXQkkscy8 "The more important fundamental laws and facts of physical science have all been discovered, and these are now so firmly established that the possibility of their ever being supplanted in consequence of new discoveries is exceedingly remote. .. Our future discoveries must be looked for in the sixth place of decimals." - Albert Michelson, 1894 What makes that quote especially remarkable, and ironic, is that was the same Michelson of the famous Michelson - Morley experiment which [1] was an extremely important clue on the path to discovery that would lead rapidly to relativity, and then general explosion of discovery in physics to follow. Not only could he not even imagine the relevance of his very own 'discovery', but largely doubted his own results as the experiment was not intended to 'fail'! The point I make is that so much of major advances in science have come about not through directed efforts but through some sort of serendipity. And it seems to me that observing what happens with ever higher energy collisions is one area where what may be important is not what is expected, but what is unexpected. It's also an area where there is no direct profit motive as contrasted with things like energy or what I assume you are implying with biology. Those fields will naturally advance because there's money to be made. Atom banging is generally not quite as lucrative an industry and, as such, various sorts of public funding tends to be much more important. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelson%E2%80%93Morley_exper... I am not saying that this is the scenario but it's worth considering that the start of economic collapse from inflation tends to happen when companies have products to sell, but they can't afford to sell them for prices that people can afford to pay. This does not end inflation, but tends to exasperate it. The company goes out of business and you now have fewer things in the economy, but the same amount of money. The result is further inflation. What data in particular are you talking about? US Inflation Rate (currently 8.3%) : https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/inflation-cpi Chinese Inflation Rate (currently 2.1%): https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/inflation-cpi I'll grant CPI is not necessarily apples to apples because how companies compose their weightings tends to vary heavily, but it seems like the most reasonable figure to look at that I can think of? International exchange rates are affected by enough factors that it has little correlation to inflation. Notably, see the ruble: https://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=USD&to=RUB&view=1Y Russia is having significant domestic inflation (at about 18% currently), yet the ruble is currently the worlds best performing currency and stronger than it's been in years relative to the dollar. I don't see why you think these would be driven primarily by inflation. US bond yields: https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/government-bond-y... Chinese bond yields: https://tradingeconomics.com/china/government-bond-yield A note on their UI, the button to increase the scale is micro-sized and at the bottom of the graph. It can be easy to miss. But in any case, there seems to be little to no correlation. I agree that they are probably not going out of business, though it may be closer than it seems. The article suggests they're now going to be running on a 2% margin after the clearance. Even if things get worse, they can probably afford to run in the red for some significant period of time (and perform various liquidations to get back into the black if necessary), but that's a quite unstable scenario. The issue with a retailer going out of business is not the retailer itself, but the manufacturers behind it. Target failing to sell their product reflects large numbers of manufacturers being unable to sell their product. Police have a lot of nasty tricks they can use to get people to talk, including the ability to lie about nearly anything. They can claim things are 'off the record' when they're not, lie about evidence or witness testimony, claim you being silent will result in them e.g. arresting your family members, and all other sorts of insane stuff. All completely legal. It's easy to say don't talk, it's another altogether when you're surrounded by people whose entire profession includes getting people who don't want to talk, to talk. I'm not defending our system, but I do want to point out one problem with any ideal of how the system ought work. In reality, most of everybody will claim that they're innocent, including those that are not. And so from the perspective of anybody working in law enforcement/corrections, somebody claiming they're innocent is not only a criminal but a liar on top. And the vast majority of the time, they'd be right. And every system enabling you to challenge your detention is going to be built with the knowledge of the sort of system it's working within. I live abroad now and in the system here defendants who lie about their innocence will face greatly lengthened sentences, so most people not only don't bother lying, but actually have to reenact their crime for police. But of course the obvious problem there is that it greatly increases the risk for challenging any arrest when you actually are innocent, though for a case like this (where there was 0 argument whatsoever that he was guilty) - that would obviously be a better system. I think this sums it up. Being a politician just fundamentally boils down to one skill - being able to convince the masses that they should vote for you. When we look at desirable characteristics like ethical values or personal integrity, they would likely just be harmful so far as success in this game is concerned. Political systems don't define the nature of a system, the political leadership does. Because in the end any system of rules doesn't really mean much when it's up to the political establishment of a country to enforce those rules. Democracies can bring great oppression, dictatorships can bring great freedom. The history of Ancient Greece/Rome are more than sufficient evidence of this, to avoid the hornet's nest that is contemporary society. The main strength of a democracy is in stability. It ideally creates the perception of the ability to change one's political future with a vote, which means people are less likely to resort to the methods they must to change their political future under an e.g. dictatorship. Of course when that perception collapses, we're back to square one. Twitch is a reasonable argument to the contrary. You can watch Twitch completely for free with 0 impairment whatsoever to your experience (so long as at least have an ad-blocker), yet there are vast numbers of people making a living streaming, with a small chunk even becoming millionaires from it all, largely from people donating a few bucks at a time. Like you're saying there's always a big get bigger type phenomena, but that's an issue everybody has to deal with regardless of the system. And examples like Richard Bachman [1] would suggest its deterministically surmountable. There are also countless other examples of things like DRM free products selling just fine in spite of the fact you can get a byte identical copy for free in about 2 seconds with a torrent. The point I make with this is that people are willing to part with more than enough money for people to make a living off of, even when they are not coerced into doing so. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Bachman With no slight intended, do you not remember the most recent election? "The party" not only gets to decide who the candidates will be, but ultimately who the candidate, in the singular, will be. When the people weren't voting like they were supposed to, as informed by the media, "the party" simply had everybody else step down and endorse the chosen one. Well everybody except one token opponent to maintain the charade that the decision was driven by "democracy." And if that wasn't enough they took the unpopular chosen one, paired him with another even more unpopular candidate as a vice president, called that the ticket, and people voted for them, en masse, because "well, they're awful but they're less awful than the alternative." You are not necessarily disagreeing with the GP. I am not familiar with the framework he's mentioning, but what he is referencing sounds comparable to what Plato referenced. And it was not a simplistic or morally convenient take. It's simply an observation of the infinite loop that humanity is stuck in, seemingly unable to ever escape from. In other words, the inevitability of reaching some point in a system does not preclude the possibility that reaching that point also results in collapse of the system. It just means the system collapses over and over again, like the cycle of humanity. This [1] is "book" (it's short) 8 of Plato's the Republic. If you skip down to the line of "And democracy has her own good, of which the insatiable desire brings her to dissolution?", and read from there you might otherwise assume it was just an elaborately and archaically crafted metaphor referencing the past ~60 years in the United States, aside from a handful of references to substantial norm differences, including slavery. But of course it was written 2400 years ago. I don't think the issues we face are systemic so much as they are social. Technologies and systems change, but humans remain more or less the same. Reading the classics convinced me that the saying that history repeats itself is not just some some abstract saying where if you interpret things in some way or another they resemble one another, but a quite literal one. We're a species stuck in an infinite loop with little but technology changing the scenery, for better and for worse. [1] - http://classics.mit.edu/Plato/republic.9.viii.html Not really. Controlled opposition tends to veer into tin-foil hat stuff pretty quickly, but is nonetheless a normal tactic used by all sorts of entities. It essentially where some entity works to create (or appropriate) opposition to itself, while using that opposition -still ostensibly opposed to the entity- to further their own ends. The most common example of this would be to poison-the-well. Make the opposition to something to something look crazy, and it can help to make it look like that something is only opposed by people who are a few screws short. I'll conclude with the final paragraphs of this article: "The road to holding a union election in Campbellsville could be a long one. Already, [union organizer who had the cops called on him] Litrell said, members of his organizing committee have quit out of concern that Amazon will learn of their involvement and fire them. Workers in Campbellsville can’t afford to lose their Amazon jobs, Litrell said. “There’s other factories and such, but you’d have to go outside of Campbellsville to find a decent-paying job. Campbellsville is dependent on Amazon — it’s like a company town,” he said. “The other jobs are fast food or a telemarketing company and some small factories that don’t pay worth a damn.” “Amazon is the best employer in Campbellsville,” he said." The comments are from Matt Litrell, the union organizer who had the cops called on him - not an "Amazon spokersperson." Countries, let alone empires, are very large entities. I'd argue that they fail long before they collapse. Consider the Soviet Union. While the final reason they collapsed was economic, it would be difficult to argue that it could have continued to persist indefinitely otherwise. In my opinion the Soviet Union had failed decades prior to its collapse (which is saying something for a system that only lasted 69 years), the root cause being the loss of faith of their own citizenry. And in such a scenario, any bump in the road is suddenly going to turn into a catastrophe. I think blaming the bump is failing to see the forest through all those trees. The Roman Empire spanned from Great Britain, across Europe, and even along North Africa. And the speed of light was the speed of horseback or sail. Things, even when done with the utmost haste, were slow . And so in this scenario the separation between the failure and collapse was going to be even greater. This [1] is a 1.5 minute video of NATO expansion since 1949. It was well understood that eastern expansion would, sooner or later, result in conflict with Russia (or the Soviet Union prior). We decided to not just poke the bear but to go cover our arse in honey and twerk in front of it with Aqua's Barbie Girl pumped up to 11. And of course it sounds nice to say sovereign nations ought be able to choose their own alliances and relationships, yet how long do you think that rhetoric would last if Russia managed to get Mexico to join a military alliance that was more or less openly framed as a force to "contain" the United States? And to add extra icing on the cake, what if they managed to get Mexico to join only after actively and overtly supporting an insurrection that overthrew a democratically elected pro-US regime? [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ug2468hDl6E They included a link [1] to their source. Always go to to the source! Helpfully enough, this one is even in English! All of their comments were taken from one section. Here it is: "Peter the Great waged the Great Northern War for 21 years. On the face of it, he was at war with Sweden taking something away from it… He was not taking away anything, he was returning. This is how it was. The areas around Lake Ladoga, where St Petersburg was founded. When he founded the new capital, none of the European countries recognised this territory as part of Russia; everyone recognised it as part of Sweden. However, from time immemorial, the Slavs lived there along with the Finno-Ugric peoples, and this territory was under Russia’s control. The same is true of the western direction, Narva and his first campaigns. Why would he go there? He was returning and reinforcing, that is what he was doing. Clearly, it fell to our lot to return and reinforce as well. And if we operate on the premise that these basic values constitute the basis of our existence, we will certainly succeed in achieving our goals." He's obviously speaking by analogy about Ukraine without stating as much, but there's something much more specific he's referencing. This [2] is a map of Ukraine by native language, which is about as close as you can get to ethnicity. After the pro-Russian government in 2014 was overthrown, it's essentially those areas in red that declared their independence and have remained independent since. [1] - http://en.kremlin.ru/events/president/transcripts/68606 [2] - https://edition.cnn.com/interactive/2014/02/world/ukraine-di... What would you say of Russia's overall trajectory from the late 1990s to present times by most any quantifiable value: economy, security (as in personal safety), opportunity, and so on? I'm not trying to be snarky or rhetorical, and am asking out of genuine curiosity. I'm sure you know what I'm referencing and this tends to give me a quite positive view of the competence of Russian leadership, but I'm also an outsider and am certain there are things I'm missing or not considering. You can observe plenty of people acting like the worst imaginable human being on Facebook or Twitter - all under their own name. I think you're spot on about the issue, but I'd argue the reason is simply scale. When you have only 5 people in your vicinity you're going to form deep relationships with them, whether or not you want to - or whether or not you like them. It will simply happen due to the fact you're going to be around these people day in, day out. 500? Well that gets more difficult. It'll require some degree of mutual effort to form relationships, but it's still very doable especially as you'll be still somewhat regularly bumping into the same people. 5,000,000? You will, in all probability, never see the same person twice. And even if you do, you probably won't remember them among the jungle of faces. You will never form any sort of a relationship unless you aggressively go out of your way to do so. And whoa, who's this random guy trying to be so aggressively buddy buddy with me? This dude is weird. Let me smile, nod, and find the nearest exit. And in the internet, you're around hundreds of millions to billions. Science has had countless cycles of believing we had discovered, more or less, all that was to be discovered and the remainder would come in sorting out things to another decimal place. Then a revolution, sometimes in short order, sometimes centuries later, comes around and emphasizes our ignorance and arrogance. So at any given point you have two options: that we've finally reached "the end" - this is it and we can go no further. Or that we're at yet the latest cliff-face searching for that ever-elusive path through. I would always bet, hard, on the latter. At least if I could live forever, because even if I am right there's every possibility, if not probability, that none of us living today will be around to see it shown. The notion of being able to discern all the fundamental laws of the universe while living on a single isolated grain of sand in a beach of ever more bizarre discoveries stretching out endlessly in all directions just seems improbable to me, at best. I'd also add, that in many ways I feel sorry for the guys who grew up during the age of social media. I would never, in a million years, want what I said/felt/thought/etc when I was young being attached to my name now. And as the years pass I find I can often define "young" as Current_Age - 10. Apologies for the hoard of links here, but I think they're necessary. There's so much disinformation and misinformation on this topic that I want to emphasize everything I'm stating is accurate and can be verified easily. The motion you are mentioning was the Ukraine cabinet passing a resolution (in other words a statement of intent) to continue working towards an EU Association Agreement, the exact same sort they currently have with places such as Israel, Egypt, South Africa, Syria, and many other such nations. [1] That cabinet then chose to not pass any further acts that would have been necessary to move forward with said agreement. Instead it started moving towards the creation of a 3-way association agreement between Ukraine, the EU, and Russia that would help ensure trade could flow amongst all parties. [2] That's when you started getting protests, which quickly escalated into riots and insurrection efforts. And you then also get completely bizarre scenes like this [3]. That is John McCain in the capital of Ukraine, telling protesters that America is with them and that their future is with America and Europe. Imagine if you had something comparable during January 6th from comparably high level Chinese/Russian officials. It's not only completely surreal, but also understates the issue. Because this was effectively a superpower declaring war on the current establishment of a much weaker country, which is going to endlessly embolden insurrection efforts. As for merit, neither the protests nor insurrection were supported by the majority of the country [4], at least not until the government was overthrown at which point there were reasons for self censorship, and likely also disrupted polling as various regions began rejecting the new government and declaring their independence. And I don't believe you've considered the implications of your statement that so long as a "meaningful" percent of people participate in an insurrection, it has merit. US elections are regularly decided on near 50/50 scales. Obviously you don't support the idea of the losing party now just trying to violently overthrow the winning party. The only thing that large participation would show is the degree of radicalization among the losing party, which is certainly not a positive thing. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Union_Association_Agr... [2] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Union%E2%80%93Ukraine... [3] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93eyhO8VTdg [4] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euromaidan#Public_opinion_abou... The much more remarkable thing is to consider that that speed of light is also the speed of causality itself. It takes light from the sun about 8 minutes to reach Earth. If the sun suddenly disappeared, we'd still see it shining brightly in the sky, and the Earth would continue revolving around it - all for another 8 minutes until reality finally caught up to us. So we're already computing at a rate on the verge of the speed of reality itself. It's interesting to consider this paired against how technologically primitive we ostensibly must be, given that digital computers didn't even exist 90 years ago. One of the many nice things about decentralized system is that miners don't determine transaction costs, users do. You're free to attach however high of a transaction fee you want to your transaction, or even none at all. Transactions will tend to be prioritized (by miners) by fee, but they have no direct control beyond that. The market collectively decides what it's willing, or not, to pay. It seems to me that if a company wants to get out of mining then the first thing they're going to do is to liquidate their hardware. And that hardware is going to get flipped right back on by somebody else. Supporting this view would be what happened after China banned mining. The hashrate collapsed about 50%, but then spiked back to higher than ever in a period of 3 or so months. So if we ever see a "real" decline in hash rate, it would probably take a very long form as hardware fails and isn't replaced/repaired. As the hash rate gets more and more decentralized price tolerance approaches infinity. Some guy running a small number of ASICs at his house is going to have near zero price sensitivity. I think it has nothing to do with "specialness" but with proof. I can prove I am conscious, yet only to myself. I cannot prove I am conscious to you, and nothing you could do could prove you are conscious to me. In fact, it's entirely possible that our entire reality is little more than a simulation - and other entities may not even really exist, let alone be conscious. The entities one encounters in a dream each night certainly seem real at the time, yet that illusion is shattered each morning. All the "real" reality holds to it, is that it's a timeframe that I perceive to be much longer. Why am to I believe that after my ~80 years expire I won't simply awake yet again from a sleep I did not know I was in? This is where the oft misinterpreted quote of cogito ergo sum, I think therefore I am, comes from. He was not arguing that if something is thinking, then it is conscious, but rather that the only thing one can be sure of is of their own thoughts and thus their own existence. He left two words off: "That I am having a subjective experience is undeniable [to myself]." You cannot prove, even to yourself, that you are not a brain in a vat. All you can prove is that you are experiencing something. And what little that is cannot even be proven to anybody else - no matter what you do. Consciousness is quite a personal affair. What people usually mean by consciousness relates to the issue of there being a seemingly pointless "inner you" watching all you do unfold. And while most associate that with intelligence, there's no real reason to believe that. A fly, bacteria, tree, or even a rock could potentially be conscious. Going the other direction it's also possible that the most brilliant human to live was not conscious. The most relevant issue is that there's no necessity for this "you" to be inside of you. I would ostensibly still be me whether or not there was some entity here observing "me". And going full circle now, there's no reason for you to even really believe me when I say I have this "me" inside of me. After all, I could certainly make the exact same argument even without such an entity. Not even just freaked out. Hundreds of frogs decaying in the sun near a settlement is going to result in a mass burial approximately 100% of the time. If not for the stink, then the sight of it. Frogs grow bloated and distorted when they die and start decaying. It's really weird how this obvious hypothesis seemingly isn't considered. This is nothing like that, because the question is not one of their own personal actions - but of their nationality or ethnicity. That, until about 4 months ago, would have been widely acknowledged as racism. The difference between holding values, and holding values when convenient rather sums up the entirety of human history in one phrase. Uncommonly known fact: the exact same issue is facing Hollywood. Ticket sales reached their peak 20 years ago [1] and have been in a steady decline since. "Record breaking [domestic] sales" refers to gross revenue and it's being driven exclusively by inflation and higher ticket prices. Ticket sales themselves are down 23% as of 2019 (to avoid the huge biases since COVID). And that's happened as the US population in the past 20 years has increased by nearly 50 million. Kind of encouraging in one way, because the natural response to the observation that movies suck today is to claim that Hollywood is just making what the "masses" want. Nope! [1] - https://www.the-numbers.com/market/ I'd say there's two elements to fun - how you view it in the immediate, and how you view it further down the road. And given that the further down the road part is something that sticks with you on the order of decades, while the immediate part tends to be on the order of hours, it seems clear to me which should be given priority. For instance that's why I quit social media (excepting intermittent HN). I really enjoyed it in the shortrun, but I wasn't happy with what I was getting out of it in the longrun. We all convince ourselves we're making an "impact" by expressing ourselves, but I think that's something we all know is just a self delusion - we're just one voice ranting alongside a billion others doing the same. By contrast I've also spent tens of thousands of hours dedicated to chess, and it feels extremely good in both the short and longrun. In spite of the article's somewhat backhanded reference to such, I'd also mention Total Recall in a a positive light (and an example of something that Hollywood doesn't do anymore). The most unique thing about that movie is that it's effectively two different movies. I saw that movie when I was young and found it satisfying because of how it was advertised: action, Schwarznegger, explosions, and 3 titted Martians. Watching it 3 decades later, I only then realized what an amazing movie it really is. The story is insightful, heavy on philosophy, extremely ambiguous, and digs into interesting questions about a very viable future technology. On a superficial level one can take the ending (which does provide closure) at face value, but it was intended to make one think. It's based on a Philip K Dick short story, "We Can Remember It for You Wholesale", and it shows. It's a grandiose story, but only on the surface and only due to the fact it's set in the future. The plot is something that will affect everybody at some point. If you haven't seen it yet, I'd strongly recommend going in blind. How would you ever prove an AI is sentient? People claim the goal posts constantly shift on the answer to this question and that's true, but I think the implied reason is not. The problem is not that we don't want to accept the success, but because we set irrelevant goals. At one time some were claiming that one that could play chess better than a human would be expressing genuine artificial intelligence. Yet it turns out all you need to achieve that is the application of the refinement of some relatively basic algorithmic concepts and reasonably fast hardware. It's essentially a glorified version of adding faster than a human. The latest goalpost is a system that can converse in a compelling fashion with a human (and we're nowhere near that yet, but getting into the details of the facade the most recent "turing test" success was is outside the scope of this post), but it will no more prove sentience than an AI's ability to play a good game of chess. Once achieved, you'll be able to reset the system state, keeping a constant RNG, repeat the same conversations and get the exact same outputs. Or change the training set and see that reflected in a 1:1 way. It will look and feel decidedly artificial, because it is. And in my opinion, my initial question to you is probably unanswerable because I don't actually see any goal posts you can set where there is a genuinely compelling answer beyond the kick-the-can style intrigue of "Wow, what will it be like when we finally do this." Answer: "Pretty much the same as now." Your comment is really what I'm getting at. Your comment only makes sense before a goal is achieved. Imagine we achieve the current goal. Here is "sentient_chatbot.c", go compile it. What does it to grant that source file personhood and respect it as a lifeform? It's not some abstract machine or sentient system. It's just another program you can compile at home to perform a neat function, akin to how you can go build Stockfish at home and suddenly have a superhuman chess playing program. Sentience will be a nonstarter once achieved. It only looks different when we imagine things without considering what it will look like once success is achieved. Why would you make that replacement for sentient_chatbot.c anymore than you would for sentient_chess_master.c? This is what I'm getting at again. The achievement feels so magical because it's something that has never been done. But now let's imagine ourselves with it in the rearview. You can now download, compile, tweak, and play with a neat chatbot. When you can actually play with it, you'll get to see the magic rapidly fade. Various (though increasingly rare) normal inputs will produce absurd outputs. The majority of adversarial inputs will result in completely inappropriate responses, and so on. And then of course there will be a period of time where we continue to try to refine the chatbot and work out the adversarial attacks and so on. The notion of providing any sort of distinguishment (beyond achieving a world first, a la Deep Blue) will quickly become a nonstarter. "We, therefore, investigated data from nearly 500,000 people from the UK Biobank, with a mean age of 57. People were classified as socially isolated if they were living alone, had social contact less than monthly and participated in social activities less than weekly." How could any participant participate in social activities more than weekly, yet have social contact less than monthly? I won't ask a similar question of the living alone issue since perhaps a spouse is not considered social contact. And what basic efforts were made to try to avoid looking at correlation vs causation? And in particular the reverse of the suggested direction? Suggesting socially isolated individuals have lower cognitive abilities is a pretty surprising hypothesis, yet suggesting people with impaired cognition are more socially isolated is anything but. I don't think the issue is one of judgementalness, but of size. I think one of the primary ideological motivations for treating governments and companies differently is to optimize freedoms. An action by a government has the ability to negatively affect millions of people who lack meaningful alternatives. By contrast until very recently any given action by a company could negatively affect the "freedoms" of an extremely small section of society, and there would generally be plentiful alternatives available. The only exceptions being in things like cartels, which is why we passed laws making such illegal. So optimizing for the freedoms of companies, and limiting those of governments, increases the overall freedom within a society, instead of reducing it. But today while the actions of governments can negatively affect millions leaving them with minimal realistic alternatives, the actions of a handful of companies can negatively affect the freedoms of billions leaving them with minimal realistic alternatives. This is a scenario that's never really existed in humanity in a meaningfully similar way (the problems of e.g. Standard Oil or The East India Trading Company were quite different), and so we have no precedent or words of wisdom to guide us - we're on our own. I think one of the main reasons that the US was able to improve so dramatically over the British Empire, in terms of the freedoms of citizens, was that it didn't have the existing conflicts of interest. Calling for the end of the monarchy be a capital offense punishable by death (even today it's still legally punishable by life imprisonment [1], though not enforced) is quite handy when you're that monarchy, but not so hot from the perspective of the freedoms of the citizens. So too today, a handful of corporations controlling the vast majority of media and digital discussion is extremely handy from the perspective of the powers that be. Don't want people engaging in politically inconvenient discussion about e.g. the possibility of a disease having escaped from a lab? Simply "encourage" your "corporate partners" to censor that discussion and you've probably done far more in terms of suppression of speech than even a law could have, without ever having to concern yourself with that pesky piece of paper called a constitution. And even better, there's no concern about a loss of face when you decide such discussion is in your geopolitical interests a few months later, and decide to take a hard 180 on it. The point I'm making here is that this isn't really one faction vs another, but more of the interests of entrenched corporate and political powers against the interests of society as a whole. And so seeking to solve this with regulation or governance is going to be somewhat more than difficult. It's like trying to end the two-party system. Nearly everybody in society would agree some sort of proportional representation system would be better (and also immediately end gerrymandering, which is exclusively a product of district based first-past-the-post voting), but the problem is that the 2 parties in power have 0 interest in ever ending the 2-party system, unless it's to replace it with a 1-party system. [1] - https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/dec/13/calling-abol... When the evidence for some "thing", from an entity that would know better, is clearly not really testing or demonstrating that thing, it tends to itself be evidence that what has been achieved is not what is being claimed. And this is starting to become par for the course in many fields, but especially in this one. It's like claiming you've invented a car that can somehow go 400mph. And as evidence you show yourself not only just driving at 80mph on the Autobahn, but also using action-cut style cinematography to make it look more impressive to those who aren't in the know enough to look down at the speedometer. I can't prove you haven't done what you're claiming, but you're making a pretty strong case against yourself. Oh, also in the latest news [1] it turns out that the "leaked" transcript of Lambda was "edited with readability and narrative coherence in mind" including editing the material and even changing the order of various dialogues. [1] - https://www.businessinsider.com/transcript-of-sentient-googl... 2020 was obviously a very unique election because of the mail-in voting. There are various data on that (and this is not partisan whatsoever) available here [1]. You had 40 million more absentee/mail-in ballots than in 2016, paired with what were many extremely bizarre statistical changes. To give just one example, in 2016 the percent of rejected ballots that were because a person had already voted in person was 1.3%, in 2018 it was 1.4%, in 2020 it was 13.5%! I didn't vote for Trump and don't really have a horse in this race, but I also don't feel comfortable with mail in voting as a meaningful percent of all-votes. This is even more true as the entire country becomes more polarized and radicalized. This sort of mentality is going to motivate an increased number of people to try to cheat the system, and encourage "selective vigilance" from those involved in guaranteeing the integrity of the electoral process. And perhaps the most important point is that in terms of how a democracy functions, whether elections are fair or not is a secondary concern to whether people think they are or not. The main benefit of a democracy for a society is stability. People looking to change their political future were able to set aside their pitchforks and pick up ballots. But when people don't think those ballots matter (even if they do), then we're back to square one. [1] - https://ballotpedia.org/Election_results,_2020:_Analysis_of_... The total rejection rate did decrease from 1% to 0.8%. I was referring to the reasons that ballots were rejected. On the page referenced, ctrl+f for "Top reasons for rejecting absentee ballots." I think there's a pretty simple explanation for this. How many calories should you consume per day? It's a trick question because it has no answer. It's going to vary dramatically depending upon environmental, physical/physiological, and genetic characteristics. And that is probably the most simple question to answer, because when you get into the specifics of nutritional content, the same is true except it's orders of magnitudes more complex with far less understood. And many things come down to pretty precise measurement because it's all systems in equilibrium. 100 calories to your diet would ostensibly have a negligible impact because it's not much relative to your entire intake, but if you were just at the equilibrium where your consume - burn = 0, then that 100 calories is suddenly going to start seeing you gain weight dramatically faster than before. I'm curious how simple sanitary factors come into play. Something I've always found intriguing is that in Ancient Greece toilets would use shared butt brushes (sponge on a stick) in lieu of toilet paper. In an especially fancy place there might be a bucket of vinegar nearby to clean it off, but in general it was just a quick swirl through some water and onto the next bum. The thing I find interesting there is that the Ancient Greeks had extremely limited medical knowledge alongside practices like this. And they also lived through less than pleasant times, yet they were often also quite long lived as a quick perusal of your Philosophacrates of choice can readily demonstrate. There's certainly a literal survivorship bias there, but the ubiquitousness of longevity is, if nothing else, interesting. Certainly many of these individuals would have still left their mark had they died at 40 or 50 instead. That's exactly what I was hitting on. Ancient Greeks living to quite old age were not statistical outliers, but the norm! The only way to explain this with contemporary understanding is to suggest it's just an extremely large survivorship bias, but that seems to difficult to swallow because many of those we know of from Ancient Greece we would likely still know of even had they died decades earlier as well. This [1] study looked at the mean age of Greeks "of renown" from the 5th and 4th century and found the average life expectancy was 71.3 years! There's certainly a class bias, but when we're speaking of times of antiquity all the money it world couldn't buy you what didn't exist. So all that bias would represent is, at best, more or less secure access to food, drink, and other basic necessities. [1] - https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18359748/ How quick are we to forget PRISM [1] and the countless other related programs that have been revealed. Any tech company operating in any country is going to be subject to the state interests within that country. Anything beyond that matter of fact is going to be a matter of public relations come propaganda. You can see this leaking into the public in the US most commonly with China. China is still a geopolitical adversary of the US, but they're also the economic future of the world. So big companies want to appeal to China, but are in a constant balancing act between that and keeping domestic powers happy. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PRISM You're confusing section 215 of the "Patriot Act" - later on the "USA FREEDOM Act" (don't you love the names) with PRISM. The two are quite different spying acts. The USA FREEDOM spying is where the whole metadata only debacle came from. From the Wiki which references the NSA's own slides, PRISM offers: "extensive, in-depth surveillance on LIVE [emphasis mine] communications and stored information" with examples including email, video and voice chat, videos, photos, voice-over-IP chats (such as Skype), file transfers, and social networking details. One of the leaked documents is a training manual for spying on Skype calls, which are routed right on over to the NSA. It even had a technical support FAQ which includes issues like understanding why messages are being repeated - they're being synched to another device which resends everything, or how to most effectively spy on a user using multiple IDs. It was quite user friendly! The entire scope of the NSA is really quite absurd. They even had/have spies installed in World of Warcraft [1]. It's all quite dystopic but it often feels like we're stuck closer to Brazil than 1984. [1] - https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2013/12/ns... Culture, art, technology, science, growth, exploration, communication, and so on. Basically advancement in nearly every measurable way of every aspect of society. Food is not a limiting factor. China is a net exporter of food in a country of 1.4 billion on about 1.1 million km^2 of arable land. For context, the United States has about 1.6 million km^2. And the quantities of arable land can be expanded somewhat dramatically everywhere. I don't disagree with this in the least, but I would say that people are contributing less per person today not because there are more people but because of other reasons. There's no doubt that in at least some instances the next [insert really cool person here] instead just got sucked in a vapid world of social media, or endless self indulgence with entertaining videos, or other "niceties" of today. The point of this though is that it's all still on a distribution. We've lowered the mean but a higher quantity still means more outliers, which are those that ultimately do neat stuff for all of us. As an aside, in Duolingo you can click on the checkpoint icon, on the main lesson page, to take a test to advance to the next large group of lessons. If you're not learning anything in a series of lessons, you don't need to grind through them all. Similarly, there is also a sort of placement test each time you start a new language that helps adjust to your preexisting knowledge. You should never be in a scenario where you're using Duolingo without learning anything new unless it's intentional or you've mastered the entire selection of lessons they offer. Another great resource is rutracker.org, which has active torrents of media dating all the way back to shortly after the turn of the century. If somebody is looking for a wonderful series, 17 Moments of Spring (Семнадцать мгновений весны) is an amazing series about the end of WW2 and the international tug-of-war largely between the USSR and USA to determine the fate of Germany, from the perspective of an individual who inside of Germany at the time. One of the few series I've watched multiple times. Enough to spark a historical curiosity, certainly not enough to sate it. The broad strokes storyline is accurate, and most of the main characters (excepting the protagonist) are also generally historically accurate. It also has some interesting allusions to characters like Müller who disappeared at the end of the war and remains the highest ranking Nazi whose fate was never determined. However the storyline and details of such are fiction. The real beauty of the show is simply in the people and the dialog and discussions. It hits on issues that are timeless in such a concise and elegant way. This [2] is one of my favorite dialogues/scenes from the series. And it's that which makes it such a great series. The pacing is excellent, the story is great, and all of that. But the series just provides such amazing dialogues, even absent all context, over and over. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heinrich_M%C3%BCller_(Gestapo) [2] - https://youtu.be/SfSW14ZVn8o?list=PLA6274B0CEF58CEB0&t=294 There's one name that sums up the issues in Ukraine better than perhaps any other: Stepan Bandera [1]. He was killed in 1959, yet remains a major figure in understanding the divide in Ukraine. He was even made a Hero of Ukraine (Ukraine's highest honor) before that honor was annulled by Yanukovych (the president overthrown in 2014) on a technicality. Going down that rabbit hole or learning about things like the "2014 Odessa Clashes [2]" (and think about how we would treat that event, or even call it, had it happened to the side that we're supposed to like) or even the Language Policy in Ukraine [3], and you can actually start to see how deep in information warfare we currently are. And it's unpleasant. I am avoiding doing much beyond giving references for you to read yourself largely because of what you mentioned. In the current atmosphere it's basically impossible to actually discuss the war in an open fashion, and probably will remain so for years to come. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stepan_Bandera [2] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_Odessa_clashes [3] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_policy_in_Ukraine It's interesting to consider that there are books, still in copyright , that were published before any digital computers, let alone software companies, existed. It puts the extreme absurdity of modern copyright law in context. 20 years is extreme. The modern "standard" is the entire life of the author + 70 years on top. This is indefensible. When you read the writings of people like RBG this is one of the big reasons that she wasn't really fond of Roe v Wade to begin with. It took an issue that was gradually being moderated naturally, and then suddenly forcibly swung hardcore in one direction. In her words this "activated" people that, until then, had remained on the periphery, which must certainly go some way towards explaining the scenario in the US. In many ways I think its an apt warning about trying to change a society through force or coercion instead of through cooperation and mutual respect. This is an inappropriate analogy. Chess at the highest levels is not drawish because the game is inherently drawish but because the meta of it is. The easiest way to illustrate this is with openings, though it applies throughout the game in different ways. Against e4 the Najdorf defense was once the opening of champions, being a major part of the repertoire of players like Kasparov and Fischer. In modern times it's an increasingly rare guest at the highest level. It's not because it's considered unsound or even slightly dubious - it's a rock solid opening that gives black real winning chances. But the problem is it also gives him real losing chances. It's complex, difficult to play, and if you get outprepared by your opponent you may lose without him even having to make a single move himself, which is really one of the worst feelings in the world. So instead the meta has largely shifted to openings that are more about minimizing risk where black, more or less, aims for a draw - and usually gets it. Changing the risk:reward ratios in a sufficiently extreme way is most certainly capable of changing the meta. An alternative is to have tie-breaks for every game, playing increasingly rapid time controls until the result is not a draw. 1. Classical game, win = 5 points. 2. Rapid game, win = 2 points 3. Blitz game, win = 1 point. 4. Armageddon game, win = 0.5 points. This point layout might backfire and make the classical games even less interesting because the huge edge for winning is probably going to motivate extreme do-not-lose style play, which trends towards draws. But, nonetheless, wins in classical should be weighted well above the tie-breaks. That is correct. And of course you don't just need to prepare for your own moves, but also consider your opponent's moves. So "just" 6 moves = 30^12 = about 500 quadrillion possibilities. Though, like you said, the vast majority of those moves will be somewhat nonsensical though. Being out of touch only requires one to live in a bubble. It says nothing about somebody's intelligence. Here [1] are some data on this specific question. 27% of Americans consider themselves Republican, 27% Democrat, and 43% Independent. Of the Independents, 46% lean Republican, and 45% lean Democrat. [1] - https://news.gallup.com/poll/15370/party-affiliation.aspx The current trend has to been to increase the value of any win, with things like 3 points for a win and only 1 point for a draw. In my opinion increasing the points based on color is an interesting idea, but it's unlikely to be seriously considered because of the fact that it would disrupt the "symmetry" in chess both the sort of abstract fashion, and also in the specific - such as requiring tournament pairing systems based on score to be completely reworked. One tie break system, armageddon, does break the symmetry by giving black draw odds (he wins if the game is drawn) but less time in a blitz game. But it's very poorly regarded and generally only used as a this-game-MUST-have-a-decisive-result last resort. I'd argue that there is no nobody you should trust more than yourself. This does not mean disregarding expertise or imagining that you know, or can know, everything. But the moment that you grant final primacy over your own thoughts to somebody other than yourself is the moment that that person can make you believe, and consequently act, in nearly any way. And, at scale, that's quite a disconcerting thought. When people trust themselves above all it means we'll never have a utopia because we all can't help but believing some pretty stupid stuff at times. But at the same time we'll never have an absolute dystopia, because the diversity of thought ensures we'll never all fall off the deep end, or be pushed off it, together. Building something like this in a democratic society is probably impossible. The reason is that there would be massive opposition to this and rhetorically powerful claims that the trillions of dollars this would cost in a Western society could be put to better use. Even if, by some Deus ex machina, one administration managed to get this project going, the next to come into power would likely can it. Space is a perfect example. There's no technical reason we haven't established footholds on Mars and even the Moon, beyond the dilemma posed above. One administration would start a grand space program, the next would cancel it with partisan criticism, and start their own. And this has been going on for half a century. Real progress back towards space only meaningfully restarted when private companies (or the owners thereof) started to become wealthy enough to fund their own space programs, without any regard for social criticism or worry about their leadership being canned next year if they don't get enough votes. Ironically this helped also somewhat kickstart governments back towards a focus on space as well. I should have added unsurmountable reason. With that, everything you've listed was overcome 53 years ago when we set foot on the Moon, aside from food. But within those 53 years we've grown food in space - a far less hospitable environment than the Moon and especially Mars, and even achieved a few other useful things along the way as well. It won't be easy of course, but it's entirely possible. And has been for decades. Wernher von Braun, architect of the Apollo program, was the first individual to lay out technical plans for the colonization of Mars. He would go on to ultimately retire from NASA precisely due to this specific conflict between politics and progress in space. That's quite an interesting bias and probably accurate, but one issue you run into here is that wages now are lower than even Q3 2019 which is well before any of this kicked off. And the current trajectory is downward. So it seems safe to say that real earnings are indeed decreasing, rather than regressing to some past mean. Imagine for a moment that a recession was something quite rare, but extremely desirable and good. But outside of that difference, all of the current state of the word's definition would remain. Do you honestly believe the current administration wouldn't be parading out that we're in a recession, along with all of the usual media making front page news of it? So we use the usual rule of thumb to claim it's a recession when it's a good thing, but instead try claim it's not a recession until a given think-tank says so when it's a bad thing. With regards to secret voting which scenario do you find more probable? 1) Politicians decide to pull a fast on corrupting interests and start voting in the interests of society instead of focusing primarily on what benefits themselves and special interests. 2) Politicians decide to pull a fast one on society and start defacto selling influence more than ever, given they can simply publicly claim they picked the "right" side of any given bill. Decentralization of views will never yield the "right" opinion with unanimity, because we're all so often drawn to bad ideas, bickering, or what not. But it will also never always yield the "wrong" opinion with unanimity. And that latter aspect, in my opinion, is so much more important than the former. Because in any system where you have a centralized opinion-maker, that authority will sooner, rather than later, end up being abused. The examples through history are endless and horrible. Imagine a scenario in modern highly interconnected times should the right opinion become the reich opinion once again. Such wrongness is only allowed to foster when it eventually becomes impossible to challenge it publicly. Of course alongside that freedom also comes my freedom to publicly reject the idea that 2+2=4. It seems to me that in modern times the problem has not been so much people coming to 'wrong' opinions, but people being unable to accept others having such opinions. Then in the fruitless and effortful battle to convert the pagan, divisions are only widened and beliefs hardened. Perhaps the issue is not one of wrongness but intolerance of wrongness. I suspect we all get this feeling when we see something we believe to be wrong of "Agh! If he only knew what I knew, he'd never think this way." Of course the catch is the other guy is also often thinking the exact same about you. > "..they wouldn't have the legal right to do that with any game that wasn't their own.." Both Gabe Newell, the founder/owner of Steam/Vale, and the official support response is now to state that they would provide means for users to continue to have access to their games should Steam shut down. Suggesting they are lying demands more evidence than a random claim, especially as that lie itself would likely be unlawful and open the door to lawsuits against them from any user who claims they would not have purchased their games if they knew this statement to be untrue. When game companies go out of business, Steam will remove their product from the store, but continue enabling users who already purchased it access to it, and I expect this independence/guarantee of of access is part of their normal licensing. There is also already 'offline mode' for Steam, and setting the expiration of this mode to e.g. 100 years would be trivial from their side. I think technology made dominance inevitable. Many other issues, including disease and internal conflicts, absolutely accelerated the pace of victory but consider the technology. You're looking at steel weapons/armor, gunpower/firearms/cannons, crossbows, and horses against unarmored unmounted opposition equipped with basic stone instruments and simple bows. At this point I'd recommend Brave Search for all things, including timer! https://search.brave.com/search?q=timer+for+30+seconds&sourc... The search is distinct as opposed to largely relying on Bing, and I find the fact that DDG decided to start 'down-ranking Russian disinformation' troubling. If Iraq had had a comparable Western facing media machine as Russia, their claims, that they had no WMD and the war was being waged on false premises, would have undoubtedly also been labeled as disinformation and ultimately widely censored as well. It's quite dystopic. [1] https://twitter.com/yegg/status/1501716484761997318 Often in memory we tend to make things from the past much nicer than they were. Here are a couple of interesting articles: Washington Post - "Irrefutableable" : https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/opinions/2003/02/06/i... NYTimes - "Irrefutable and Undeniable" : https://www.nytimes.com/2003/02/06/opinion/irrefutable-and-u... Those articles, alongside that war, played a large role in shaping my entire worldview. I come back and read them every once in a while. If you want go to this route, then you might find the cost of your cereal going up. More than 98% [1] of the water usage attributed to beef/cattle (and other animals) is an indirect measurement - it's from the estimated water usage in the production of the feed that's given to them. Cattle themselves directly use next to no water. So you'd need to add your water tax to grains and other such products. Another interesting datum is that the average head of cattle has a water footprint of 2056 (m^3/year), while it's 2842 [2] for the average American, and 1071 for the average Chinese. There are 94 million cattle in the US, and 332 million people. [1] - https://waterfootprint.org/en/water-footprint/product-water-... [2] - https://www.researchgate.net/publication/221830102_The_Water... So people would just stop eating meat and that's the end of it? Or might it be that you'd then "activate" a sizable chunk of 92%+ of Americans who eat meat to vote for the next candidate who runs on a pro-meat platform. That's a sizable enough influence that the next election would likely look like one big beef industry commercial. If being vegetarian or vegan is an important value to you then the real way to make real lasting progress is by trying to persuade and convince people, not by trying to force or otherwise coerce them into agreeing with you. The same as on any topic. You're somewhat shifting the goal posts here. The OP was suggesting taxing meat in proportion to their water usage , which would then presumably be spent on water reclamation projects or whatever. But the direct water usage of meat is completely negligible, which leaves you in this weird scenario where you're trying to tax somebody for water that they didn't use. So you're left to tax water usage at the source, and that's going to hit plants far harder than meat. Sarcasm loses its fun if one is obligated to add /s tags to everything. I think in these sort of topics we are often discussing two different meanings of consciousness: physical vs philosophical. The arbitrary mixing and matching of them is likely one the reasons for the lack of clarity. Physical consciousness is most easily identified by the notion that you're unconscious when sleeping. The other is the far more interesting philosophical consciousness. Philosophical consciousness is what the oft misunderstood quote cogito ergo sum , I think therefore I am, was hitting on. Descartes was not saying that consciousness is defined by thinking. He was trying to identify what he could know was really real in this world. When one goes to sleep, the dreams we have can often be indistinguishable from a reality in themselves, until we awake and find it was all just a dream. So what makes one think this reality isn't simply one quite long and vivid dream from which we may one day awake? But this wasn't an appeal to nihilism, the exact opposite. The one thing he could be certain of is that he, or some entity within him, was observing everything. And so, at the minimum, this entity must exist. And the presence of this entity is what I think many of us are discussing when we speak of consciousness. In contrast to physical consciousness, you are philosophically conscious even when sleeping. Of course like you said philosophical consciousness cannot be proven or measured and likely never will be able to be, which makes it an entirely philosophical topic. It is impossible for me to prove I am conscious to you, or vice versa, no matter what either of us does. Quite the private affair, though infinitely interesting to ponder. That entire page suggests extremely opaque behavior for a post about increasing transparency. Where can I find a list of which sites have been manually "downranked" and by how much? What are the "non-governmental" and "non-political" agencies declaring said sites to be whatever you're declaring them to be? Where are the links to the reports that informed your decisions? So are you implying that you do have plans on revealing plans on revealing which sites you're "downranking"? And ideally precisely how they fit your criteria? I feel quite strongly about this because I, like I suspect many who use DDG, swapped over largely because I didn't really like the games Google was playing with search. As DDG goes down the same path I've moved on once again, but have been left with quite a sour taste in my mouth. I evangelized for your site for years, including on this site/account. Changes like this are the antithesis of everything that drew many people to DDG to begin with. I always find looking at methodology for surveys like this far more interesting than reading the papers. Two things immediately stand out. First, the study selected participants from place such as Amazon's Mechanical Turk + Prolific Academic. Both are services which pay participants peanuts to engage in various menial tasks. But perhaps more interesting are the questions they chose to ask to determine "objective knowledge of scientific facts." Among the questions used to deem this was one which asked whether "The novel coronavirus was unleashed in a laboratory in Wuhan and spread from there." I can't, for the life of me, understand why people's truth in science is on the decline. This is always going to reflect, in large part, who is in power in a society, since the mainstream consensus is so heavily influenced by the top. And in societies where people, by inches or by miles, become unable to speak freely - the top can effectively dictate consensus. In a society where those in power are are not only primarily motivated to achieve a healthier society and nation, but also have the intelligence and wisdom to achieve it - then following the mainstream consensus could achieve something quite remarkable. In a society where those in power are primarily motivated by their own interests, or lack the wisdom or intelligence to positively lead society forward, then of course everybody following the mainstream consensus means you're, vice versa, headed towards something quite awful. The paper seems to have largely equated "objective scientific knowledge" with liminal consensus. For instance, among their "objective scientific knowledge" questions asked whether, "The novel coronavirus was unleashed in a laboratory in Wuhan and spread from there." Another was "The numbers of people that have died from COVID-19 are artificially inflated." The latter was at least removed from the results, but emphasizes the point nonetheless that they found it appropriate to include questions that had nothing to do with science. So you end up with results that affirm that people who disagree with consensus disagree with consensus. No, you're the one that's suffered an incorrect reading here. They created different objective knowledge questions for each of the different studies (there were 5) within this study. I am referencing the COVID "objective knowledge" quiz. "Subjective knowledge" for each study was determined by a single question where participants were asked to rate their knowledge of the various topics on a scale of 1-7. The questions for this ("objective knowledge" of COVID) begin on page 36 of the supplementary materials page. [1] I predictably offered the most extreme example, but there are various other questions that are also more about liminal consensus than "objective fact". But, perhaps most importantly, the observed effect from this study was extremely small. And with only 34 questions, even a small number of questions that measure anti-consensus views, rather than scientific knowledge, is enough to create a false effect through what's basically an obfuscated tautology: people who hold anti-consensus views, hold anti-consensus views. [1] - https://www.science.org/doi/suppl/10.1126/sciadv.abo0038/sup... Yes. It's a complete non sequitur to ask somebody to self rate their knowledge on e.g. climate change, and then try to objectively measure that knowledge by asking e.g. what the largest organ in the human body is. It doesn't even make any sense. It's like me asking to self estimate your knowledge of javascript, and then giving you a quiz on C# to measure that objective knowledge. The study is also filled with various issues. For instance they also removed everybody who completely agreed with the scientific consensus on studies 1-4 (see buried in page 44 on the materials and methods supplement) who undoubtedly also rated their objective knowledge highly. They drew participants from outlets like Amazon Mechanical Turk where people are paid peanuts to carry out menial tasks ($0.85 for this study). That's obviously not going to be a representative sample of society, let alone America. The paper claimed to have preregistered their study, yet didn't provide a link to such - which completely negates the point of preregistering, and so on. Something I find quite troubling is how increasingly common studies of this sort are. This study is mostly junk, but it's enticing click bait junk that will also undoubtedly bump up this journal's impact fact as other's unquestioningly cite it more with the goal of generating interest even if in lieu of science. What exactly were the peer reviewers/editors doing? It seems that so long as one concludes the right thing in exciting enough fashion, what editorial process there is becomes quite deferent, a la Sokal. The China/Pakistan border clashes have resulted in fatalities on the order of several dozen in something where neither nation really wants to escalate. Ukraine would have long since lost this war if not for the US directing the funneling tens of billions of dollars worth of weapons, training, and so on to Ukraine. This support has been directly responsible for the excess deaths of Russians and Ukrainians alike numbering in the tens of thousands. Not only is this orders of magnitude more impactful than the other conflicts, but perhaps even more concerning is what in the world the endgame might be? By effectively throwing its entire influence into this war, the US has now effectively staked that influence on the outcome of the war. And it's the exact same situation for Russia. The two most nuclear armed nations are now in a conflict that is a must-win for both of them. IMO this conflict ending up going nuclear is still highly improbable, but highly improbable is far closer to nuclear war than we've ever been. Ignoring your attempt at predictably headed ad hominem, you again cannot make your 'conclusion' from the study. They used a non-representative sample, removed the results of those who fully agreed with the consensus, and just generally did everything trying to massage their numbers into the conclusion they wanted to make. Ironically, the numbers don't even support that if you do use the subscales. In all studies the overall effect from opposition was a fraction of a single point difference. In most studies opposition to the consensus in climate change was also predictive of a higher than average level of field-specific knowledge. You're definitely correct there on my misreading of the tables. To further clarify, I also decided to see precisely what "points" meant rather than continuing to just skim. They chose to rate true/false answers on a -3 to +3 scale driven by the respondent's certainty. This means one question wrong, out of 34, was able to drive up to a 6 point difference at max certainty. And so, somewhat serendipitously, my point, with some 'modification' remains that opposition in no case was rarely able to explain even a single field-specific question missed, at least not at max certainty. As for the replicability - again, this study arbitrarily removed people fully in line with the consensus. That makes it fairly safe to say that replication is a nonstarter. But I'd also add that another red flag for social science papers is when they collect a large number of variables that end up having no relevance to the published conclusion. Large numbers of variables is a key resource in p-hacking. And this paper was collecting all sorts of data that went completely unused and had nothing whatsoever to do with what they ultimately chose to publish. Like mentioned, I was more interested in the impact on the subtopic specific results because of what we discussed. Giving a quiz on American history to judge your knowledge of French history is obviously not a reasonable idea, even if the skill-set overlap would probably give at least some weak correlation. In the field-specific binarized case (which removes the -3 to +3 noise), the impact is 0.09 points. So that translates to a fraction of a question difference in results. And while I'm aware trimming extreme outliers, regardless of the side they end up on, I'm unaware of any study entirely removing a segment from their sample, from one side only, which is critical to your entire hypothesis, and doing so without any explanation, let alone justification, whatsoever. One thing I'd observe is that the observed effect is small enough that if this culled group had a knowledge specific score below the mean, then it's likely that their entire conclusion would be invalid. One other issue we have not discussed is the methodology not only resulted in a very non-representative sample, but also was indirectly testing something else. The surveys were done on the internet, and all of the general knowledge questions (besides the covid ones, which were just...) have answers which can be looked up in a matter of seconds. Something I recently considered was that many of the questions, the "good" questions, do ultimately test ideology more than knowledge. The obvious example would be something like "Humans share the majority of their genes with chimps." This is of course factually true true, but it seems much more likely to test ideology than scientific knowledge, in part because of how it is phrased. Imagine the question were framed as "Scientists claim that humans share the majority of their genes with chimps." Now you are no longer testing agreement with the scientific view, but knowledge of it. And perhaps a bigger issue is that there were literally zero questions that would do the same "trick" vice-versa for somebody who ideologically agrees with one of the topics, but otherwise lacked much knowledge. Testing this would have been quite easy by simply throwing in questions that sound like they fit the consensus but have an important aspect that makes them false. An example would be "Evolution is a process of improving a species which, over time, may lead one species to become an entirely new one." That is, of course, false - but somebody of low knowledge and high consensus agreement, would likely consider it to be true. My personal hypothesis would be that extreme views tend to be associated with high confidence and relatively low knowledge. And this could be extremes of agreement or disagreement with a topic. As Betrand Russell put it, "The fundamental cause of the trouble is that in the modern world the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt." Your statement implies dark matter cannot be falsified by a contradicting observation, because it (dark matter) hasn't yet been observed. But if it doesn't exist, then it will never be observed. So it, therefore, can never be falsified? If I'm straw manning you, it is unintentional. How would you propose dark matter be falsified? The former will tend towards a defensive attachment to an idea which leads to, as Planck put it, "Science [advancing] one funeral at a time." The openness of the latter leads to less certainty, but greater ability for progress. Consider the heliocentric/geocentric argument some centuries passed. Contrary to pop-science portrayals this wasn't an issue of Man against Church. The heliocentric view initially had numerous flaws and invalid assumptions. But because scientists of the time genuinely believed in the geocentric universe, they obsessed on these flaws and trying to use those to discredit the view, instead of impartially considering the idea and seeing if it could be patched and whether it would ultimately make more sense. The "right" answer, with negligible refinement, can often look much worse than the wrong answer which has had decades, if not centuries of mass refinement. And that can drive those with a "belief" to the contrary, to want to attack it. The analogs outside of science are as endless as those within it. Nobody is forced to accept a fact if they do not want to. There's a large gulf between awareness of knowledge, including facts, and agreement with such. This is an especially important nuance in this quiz, where the precise implications/meanings of knowledge vs ideology are a critical part of the study. Imagine that there was a secular Islamic expert. And he was quizzed on Islamic ideology in a similar fashion, such that he was obligated to imply belief in such, in his answers. Assuming he is being as accurate as he can in his responses, he would end up scoring as completely ignorant of Islam as he marked all beliefs as false. I disagree there's a clear trend here, even without the 1s, because there were clear exceptions such as e.g. climate change where, even by their metrics, anti-consensus views were predictive of greater knowledge. So you end up having to, at a minimum, limit the stated claim to specific fields. Argumentum ad populum my friend. It is absolutely worth making the questions more clear, because this is the entire point of the study. Do people who do not agree with the consensus on something lack knowledge, or do simply not agree with said knowledge? Conflating the two in your own study does nothing but set yourself up to observe a tautology (those who disagree with a consensus, disagree with a consensus), which a cynic may interpret as not entirely accidental. And no, I'm not referencing statistical power. If I haven't made myself clear, I think this study and their numbers, are both going to fall well into the endless black hole that is the replication crisis, which is especially pronounced in social psychology - which has an aggregate replication success rate in the 20s. What I am saying is that you can't make your broad claim based even what I suspect are deeply massaged figures. When Galileo made his case for a heliocentric universe, there was no silver bullet he offered. He simply personally felt it to be more probable than the geocentric model in spite the overwhelming evidence to the contrary given the evidence of the time. Would you thus claim he was lacked knowledge (of the geocentric universe) if he chose to respond false on a question "True/False Everything in the universe revolves around the Earth?" Measuring agreement is different than measuring knowledge. As for your hypothesis, what would you propose would be a null hypothesis to test your hypothesis? It seems to me that it would be "Somebody who opposes a scientific consensus will score about the same in a test of general knowledge as somebody who supports it." And the climate change example confirms that null hypothesis, which would thus reject your hypothesis. And then when in your 'aggressive defense' you end up hurting somebody else who now uses the exact same logic to start attacking you? This is how war (and terrorism) perpetuate endlessly. It only ends when one side or the other, and anybody who might have empathized with them, is completely annihilated or when somebody stops behaving, from their perspective, righteously. Neither option is probable, which is why society just keeps replaying history on an endless loop in history, with little more than technology offering a change of scenery. If you want to see what will happen tomorrow, simply learn about what happened yesterday. The only trick is realizing what role you're playing. With all due respect, that feels like a dodge. I decided to look at the result data for this survey [1]. I was unsurprised to find, in a simple skim of only the first survey, at least 2 comments mentioning this issue we're discussing. Asking an e.g. creationist "True/False The Earth is about 4.5 billion years old." and "True/False Scientists claim that the Earth is about 4.5 billion years old." are questions that are going to get very different answers. One measures assent with consensus, one measures knowledge of it. At least 2 people actually manually typing the issue out in a relatively small sample (for this sort of arbitrary specificity) means this is an extremely significant issue. My argument, in the most specific form, is that I do not believe this study measures, or was intended to measure, what the authors' claim it does. This issue is quite subtle, but I'm inclined to believe in malice over incompetence when these authors have spent years working these numbers [2]. The current study is a rehash of a study they did two years ago. The max assent group does indeed demonstrate reduced knowledge / increased self perceived knowledge. And there are demographic biases abounds. The desired trend varies by an order of magnitude in countries outside the US. So this study took the most extreme sample from a subpopulation they were already familiar with the results of, stripped out the subpopulation of that subpopulation which challenged their hypothesis, added in a number of questions that were more likely to result in noise than anything else (the population of those taking surveys for pennies a piece on Amazon Turk, that can explain the difference between e.g. UVA and UVB radiation is certainly near zero so true/false just gives you noise and randomness), and then published. Another fun sample bias: Literally every single person who took fewer than 3 minutes to complete the survey (again based on survey 1) and bothered to fill in some (generally random) answers indicated max dissent. An interesting issue in itself, but a further problem in this study given relatively few people indicated max dissent, so they're measuring people literally racing through the survey for their $0.85 likely without reading it beyond looking for the "Please select #2 as the answer to this question." questions. [1] - https://osf.io/x23c8/?view_only=29a92a9a707547149f210e5bf76a... [2] - https://osf.io/t82j3/ The "betting" was for $0.50, which was not lost if they failed. The only cost was not accepting an alternative $0.25 immediate bonus. There's this major issue of sampling only people doing online surveys for pennies a piece, and it is possible that this specific sample might meaningfully change their behavior for $0.50 (or $0.25, depending on how you look at it), but I wouldn't really assume as much. If they really wanted that extra quarter or two, they could have simply looked everything up online. Looking briefly over the data, anti-consensus views do seem to correlate well with questions that were basically just proxies for measuring that dissent again. For instance one question was 'man was alive at the same time as dinosaurs' type thing. The correct answer on 1-6 is a 1. People who rejected the evolution consensus scored 4.6 on it, with a mode of 7. The mean of all respondents was 3. The score of people who indicated max opposition to e.g. nuclear power was 2.85. Those samples were my first and not cherry picked, beyond intentionally picking a group that would likely have very different biases (opposition to evolution vs opposition to nuclear) to compare against. Imagine you simply framed the question slightly differently, but testing the exact same knowledge, "Most scientists do not believe humans were alive at the same time as the dinosaurs." I suspect you would have gotten radically different responses. And this issue (in various incarnations) is something I think that is absolutely destroying the 'soft sciences.' Quite small changes in experiment or survey can yield radically different results, and that can be exploited to "prove", more or less, whatever you want to. p.s. The reason I moved on is because it was simply poor phrasing in a casual anon chat. You look at a billion and one swans. For the first billion you see nothing but white swans, yet for the final one you look at you see a black swan. You now cannot say swans are universally white. All it takes is a single exception to break a rule. This is one of the many issues I have with social science - lack of falsifiability. Social science effectively lacks any degree of falsifiability simply because everything is based on vague probabilistic distributions which vary dramatically based on subtle nuances like asking an identical question two different ways, or testing on different populations in cases where the hypothesis is suggested to generalize - as here. If there was any notion of falsification, it would all be false. In many ways it's quite analogous to astrology which, if you are unaware, was indeed considered a science, studied in universities for hundreds of years. It's end, somewhat ironically, came not from scientific objection to the fact it suffered the same issues as the social sciences today, but from the Church who deemed it heretical in claims of defacto divination. So you have 7 photos, only 4 of them clearly confirm what you want to say, 1 likely contradicting it, and you're happy to take this as a universal? I also think your analogy doesn't hold for another reason. Look at the last study. This study is intentionally juking their numbers. They "learned" from their first study and removed every single sample that contradicted what they want to 'prove', magnified those that confirmed it, and even under this form of "science" - they still failed to show statistical significance for multiple categories. It'd be like noticing there were far "dark" swans in Eastland and so going out of your way to make sure in your next safari you limit yourself to Westland. If you genuinely believed all swans were white, and wanted to test that hypothesis, you'd have done the exact opposite. There is only one conclusion to make. I prefer 127.0.0.1. That's a "self" IP that will redirect to your own machine. If you have no web server setup, it'll just give a 404/not found error. If you do have one, then you have some more creative options given you're visiting it as a result of going to site you're trying to wean yourself off of. There's certainly plenty of great content here, but if you could see the hours you've spent on it, and it ended up amount to days, and weeks, perhaps months of time - it starts to become a consideration of imagining what else you could have done with that time. "If I'd spent those hours doing [x], I'd [insert desirable thing] by now!" Of course shit posting is often much more enjoyable than "doing [x]" or we wouldn't be doing it in the first place, so there's some life balance issues - but it's a real consideration nonetheless. I often wonder how many Einsteins went without ever truly finding their niche; not because of lack of development in some area, but because of it! The internet can provide endless addictive entertainment and enjoyment, even of a higher brow nature. It's easy to lose yourself in it. Imagine for a moment that this study was trying to demonstrate that e.g. climate change was primarily caused by solar variation a la Willie Wei-Hock Soon [1]. And he provided the exact same quality of evidence, and the exact same "issues." There is zero chance you would now be claiming this to be a "universal" in spite of the exact same quality, or lack thereof, of evidence. I was not shifting any goalposts, but simply referencing more evidence on the fundamental issue: that this study was intentionally biased and misleading with the goal of "proving", by any means necessary, a conclusion of which the authors had 0 interest in genuinely testing. As I suspect we'll be wrapping up, I simply want to thank you for the interesting and lively discussion on this issue. It's rare two people can disagree on the internet for more than a few posts without things devolving into 'You're a poopy face.' 'No, you!' [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willie_Soon But correlation is not the same as causation. In the past those of means and education continued to raise large families, and in the present exceptions abound. Israel: 3rd most educated country in the world, strong economy, fertility rate of 3. Thailand: about 50% do not even complete high school, relatively poor country, fertility rate of 1.5 - even lower than the US (1.8). European numbers are largely controlled by Islamic populations. Pew carried out an interesting study [1] on the numbers. The Islamic fertility rate in France is 2.9, the non-Islamic fertility rate is 1.9. In Sweden it's 2.8 vs 1.8. There is no European country with a non-Islamic fertility rate over 2. Ireland is the highest at exactly 2.0. The fact that these extreme trends exist even within Western countries, emphasize that it's primarily a cultural issue. I am not implying the West should adopt Islamic social views, but the irony is that we will end doing exactly that if nothing changes simply because they are reproducing in healthy numbers while non-Islamic groups are not. [1] - https://www.pewresearch.org/religion/2017/11/29/europes-grow... The exact scale might be transitory, but the issue won't be. Any society with a fertility rate below replacement will trend towards producing a larger elderly than youthful population. The lower the fertility rate, the higher this disproportion will be. Imagine you start with a population of 100 who were just born, and a fertility rate of 1. For simplicity, we'll assume everybody gives birth at 20 years old, and dies at 80: Year 0: 100 newborns Year 20: 100 twenties, 50 newborns Year 40: 100 forties, 50 twenties, 25 newborns Year 60: 100 sixties, 50 forties, 25 twenties, 12 newborns Year 80: 50 sixties, 25 forties, 12 twenties, 6 newborns Year 100: 25 sixties, 12 forties, 6 twenties, 3 newborns Year 120: 12 sixties, 6 forties, 3 twenties, 1 newborn There's always the same ratio people above a given age as there are below, for a given fertility rate, once an equilibrium is established. In cases where your fertility rate is above 2, this ratio will be below 1 (more young than elderly). In cases where your fertility rate is below 2, it will be above 1. Both relationships are exponential, not linear. I think another interesting issue that demonstrates is the sort of exponential snap, the "demographic bomb", in fertility related issues. In spite of an extinction level fertility rate, the population nearly doubles to 187 by year 60, before suddenly collapsing down to 22 over the next 60 years. And these are numbers that are not entirely out of question anymore in many places. South Korea's fertility rate has dropped to 0.84. Near identical axial tilt to Earth, meaning a similar seasonal cycle (none on the moon). Day/night cycles near identical to Earth differing by less than an hour (2 week long day/nights on moon). A land surface area near identical to Earth's land area, which means room for vast expansion. (moon is a bit more than 2x Russia) Somewhat more tolerable gravity at 0.38g compared to .17g on the moon. Vastly more tolerable temperature ranges. A day on the equator in summer can get up to around 70 degrees F, though nights hit -100 F. The large difference owing to no atmosphere. The moon ranges from nearly absolute zero at night, to greater than boiling during the day. And many more. These are just a handful off the top of my head. --- And some would consider the distance to be a feature, not a bug. It creates a necessity for a large degree of self sustainability which is ultimately a prerequisite to becoming a multiplanetary species. On the Moon, self sustainability not only more challenging, but ultimately not really necessary given it's just a stone's throw away from a resupply. And necessity really is the mother of invention. Ultimately I also don't even view Mars as a goal (though it may be able to over millennia developed into an amazing place, and I would be the first to sign on for a mission to such), so much as a stepping stone. By the time the first human settlement is established on Mars, we should be looking outward from there as well. Titan being a possible next destination. Perhaps so, it'll be interesting to see. As for my opinion of what caused culture to change, I think there's a nice way to reshape the question in an identical way. There's the interesting issue of how a middle class individual may state that they can't have kids right now because of the cost. Yet a lower class individual will happily do so and make things work, one way or the other. Obviously the middle class individuals could afford to have children and make it work if they genuinely wanted to do so, but it might be uncomfortable and require some sacrifice. So it all comes down to priorities. So the question isn't why people stopped having children, but why priorities shifted so radically away from what is ultimately the most fundamentally important responsibility of humanity? In the US from 1960-1980 many things happened. And one of these was a precipitous decline in fertility rates, plummeting by about 50% to where it would roughly stay to present day. It's quite unfortunate so many things happened in such a short time frame, because it enables one to create a reasonably compelling case for nearly any argument, including the common economic and educational (though those have many issues outside of this time frame). One thing that also happened during that period was a dramatic decline in religiosity. And IMO that left a vacuum for meaning in society. And that vacuum seems to have been filled, for most, by indulgent hedonism that would gradually transition into consumerism. Drugs, the "sexual revolution", and various other issues skyrocketed during this period. This would further transition into the endless pursuit of the ever more expensive next shiny thing, be those Jordans, iThing, or exotic/expensive selfies for social media image crafting. And what could be more antithetical to this shift in values and priorities than doing something that "might be uncomfortable and require some sacrifice"? There's certainly nothing more rewarding or fulfilling than raising a family, but that reward comes at immense cost and time. --- Ok, I wanted to hit more on how this hypothesis can also work as a casual explanation for the commonly observed correlations (education, income, etc) related to lower birth rates, but this post is already getting far longer than intended. The issue which really started the discussion on this was not the article, which I suspect relatively few read, but the Tweet/Video that the World Economic Forum published. You can find an archive of it here: https://archive.org/details/world-economic-forum-presents-th... . It was universally poorly received, which led to them removing the video/Tweet, and it's now being censored on platforms like YouTube. Their predictions, as stated in the video, to happen by 2030 , include: - You'll own nothing. - You'll rent everything. - You'll eat less meat. - "Western values will have been tested to the breaking point." The WEF, if you are not aware, is not just some random crazy think-tank. It's a collective that, as a whole, is arguably the single most influential group in existence. Their backing companies [1] include Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Mozilla, WalMart, the banks, and the vast majority of massive companies you can think of. Their individual members/delegates [2] include chief executives, heads of state, and so on. The sort of group that doesn't just make predictions, but makes predictions happen. That such a group thought society at large would respond positively to that video is simply odd. That they hold the views expressed in that video are something much worse than odd. These people, are at a minimum, unimaginably far out of touch with a society that they overtly aim to puppeteer. [1] - https://www.weforum.org/partners#A [2] - https://qz.com/1787762/davos-delegates-are-categorized-from-... The URL is quite odd in that it ends with a period which it seems that Hacker News is parsing, more normally, as a period instead of a part of the URL. In the following URL, manually add a period at the end: https://archive.org/details/world-economic-forum-presents-th... . Something interesting seems to be happening in society. We set aside religion, a trend that accelerated exponentially starting in the 60s, but had no real ideological or philosophical foundation with which to replace it, so it simply created a vacuum for meaning. In my opinion that vacuum was largely filled by consumerism and hedonism. But of course those alternatives aren't really alternatives, because they give some flighting moments of pleasure, but offer little to nothing in terms of long-term satisfaction. So we're effectively recreating, from scratch, much of the philosophy developed thousands of years ago. What you're describing is, in its fundamentals, identical to Stoicism. I'd highly recommend Marcus Aurelius' "Meditations." [1] It's a collection of the writings of Aurelius, a Roman Emperor who is oft regarded as one of the greatest leaders of society. Stoicism is most fundamentally about accepting the fact that there are many things one cannot change. The only thing we can change, about many things, is how we let it affect us. --- The most interesting thing about the writings is that they were never intended to be seen by anybody other than himself. So it's effectively a collection of post-it notes from a great philosopher-king to himself pondering his own existence, mortality, meaning, and inability to change things. It's also quite insightful to appreciate that perhaps the most powerful person on Earth at the time struggled with the exact same issues that affect us all. He wanted to change society for the better, but ultimately even a man in his position was unable to move a mountain no matter how much he tried. His life was filled with external perceived successes and internal failures. He not only failed to ultimately better society, but could not even better his own son. Aurelius is regarded as one of the greatest leaders, his son Commodus - one of the worst. When Aurelius died, he was deified and praised. After his son Commodus was assassinated at the age of 31, he (Commodus) was declared an enemy of the state, his name stricken from record, and public imagery of him destroyed. --- [1] - https://files.libertyfund.org/files/2133/Aurelius_1464_LFeBk... #That book includes two introductions which provide extensive context and other information which is quite important to understanding a fair amount of what is said. Aurelius' writings themselves begin on PDF page 59, which is page 25 in the book's ordering. It's difficult to estimate the exact wealth of the WEF and their delegates/companies, but it's going to be a very large share, and likely the wide majority, of all wealth on this planet. The group that owns everything, stating you will own nothing and instead just rent [from them] is something few will regard in a positive way. When the exact people actively working to change the world in pursuit of these predictions make them, they are no longer predictions but goals. If you put a hamster in a cage with a wheel it will, more or less merrily, continue to run along that wheel until it eventually becomes physically unable to and, in the longrun, passes. It's the blessing, and the curse of humanity, to stop and actually consider at some point, why am I doing this? And these questions aren't just an abstract search for meaning. Getting back to Aurelius, he and his son were given comparable power and wealth to do with as they personally saw fit. And they chose radically different paths. The path one chooses, in most of all things, is going to be a product of your own personal ethos, which in turn is going to be a product of how you view the world. And thinking about such things can not only provide greater contentedness, but also help direct you in unclear waters. Why do you do what you do, and is it in line with what or whom you want to be? Do people no longer generally have exams on paper? For lower level courses we had online assignments, and pen and paper exams - which is where the majority of the course grade came from. If you didn't [intimately] know what you were doing on the assignments, you'd fail the classes due to the tests. I think you're hitting on a more fundamental issue: benchmarks are pointless. It'd be extremely trivial to write a program that gets tired of doing the same thing, or that wants to engage in another task. And so if you set that as a benchmark for anything, it will likely be achieved by gaming everything to focus on the benchmark, rather than as a component of the real target. With something like AGI you don't need a benchmark, because it would be undeniable to anybody. AGI would be able to effectively learn from any form of material I give to it, apply the material in novel and creative ways, and generally and competently execute any task related to the material or its derivatives without further input. The obvious catch is in that definition one also gets recursively better self improvement, so AGI would trend towards rapidly becoming more capable than any given human, or even humanity as a collective, in every field imaginable (or not even yet imagined). It's this catch that makes one wonder if it will ever be possible. So many of the things we now view as absurd in the past came from people extrapolating outward from exponential progress in a field. As we discover the ever more exotic mysteries of our world, such as tree bark that takes away ones pain when chewing on it (also known as aspirin), why should we not expect there to be some fountain to reverse aging just waiting to be discovered? The universe is endlessly bizarre and interesting, but always seems to have this habit of cutting short the fun just before it becomes game breaking. More so than ever before. The only difference is that it's all a lot more decentralized. The easiest source of information is from legal filings. A lazy way to get this it to search Google for whatever, and at the bottom it will state something like 'In response to US DMCA we've removed [x] results from this page. You can read the complaints here, here, here...' Read the complaints. Otherwise you can search for more select filings. For instance this [1] is an older report from the RIAA on "Notorious Markets." They're quite a friendly organization - providing URLS, descriptions, and details on each site even including their modus operandi. Also if you happen to speak a language outside the big Western languages, then it's all trivial and a simple search anywhere will yield even better than above. [1] - https://torrentfreak.com/images/Notorious_Markets_Submission... The same thing is frequently true of Japanese video games as well, often seemingly arbitrarily costing several times comparable titles. I'm quite curious what drives this "cultural" phenomena. It seems almost certain that their price:demand curve is messed up to the point that lowering the price would result in increased revenue, but they seem very content to stick with this system - apparently outside of games as well. Anybody with any insights into Japanese culture/business? I've always wondered why this was, or if it's something as simple as inertia. Something I think we often forget about the past is that when they did the things we now look back on as see as being borderline inscrutable, it was invariably driven by the belief that it was also safe and productive. It just turns out they were wrong. This reminded me of the not especially brief trend of lobotomization for health benefits. In current society people might like to imagine the reality was something to do with socioeconomics, race, or other various identities. In reality people did genuinely believe in this. One of the victims of this practice was none other than the sister of JFK, Rosemary Kennedy [1]. She went from being a troubled young adult to being incontinent and having the mental capacity of a 2 year old. She was institutionalized with the entire incident being kept secret for decades. I suppose the nice thing is that a treatment like this (back to the electroshock your brain for health) will implicitly entail a reasonable degree of informed consent, because it sounds like a bad idea on the surface. And so if somebody agree to do it, they've presumably done some due diligence and not just relied on The Verge. Approved medical treatments which "seem" much safer, like taking a pill, can entail just as great of risk, but their apparently benign nature belies the importance of similar due diligence. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosemary_Kennedy It's always interesting to look at what these numbers exactly mean because it's deeply counter-intuitive. For the sake of simple modeling, imagine we have a society with 100 people with a fertility rate of 1, that give birth at 20 and die at 80. Here is how that looks: --- Year 0: 100 newborns Year 20: 100 twenties, 50 newborns Year 40: 100 forties, 50 twenties, 25 newborns Year 60: 100 sixties, 50 forties, 25 twenties, 12 newborns Year 80: 50 sixties, 25 forties, 12 twenties, 6 newborns Year 100: 25 sixties, 12 forties, 6 twenties, 3 newborns Year 120: 12 sixties, 6 forties, 3 twenties, 1 newborn --- In spite of having an extinction level fertility rate, the population nearly doubled in the first 60 years, going from 100 to 187. And it took 80 years to even see the population begin to decline. But then suddenly over the second 60 years, the population exponentially declined going from 187 to 22. This is very akin to the scenario in Korea, because they went from a fertility rate of 6+ to Because of the fact that we live much longer than we are fertile, it really damages any idea of "Well we'll just solve this when it becomes a problem." When it starts to become obvious there's a problem, the decline is already coming at an exponential rate. And it's entirely possible that such a small youth population supporting a suddenly massive elderly population will drive fertility rates even lower. It increasingly seems that the future of our planet will not be decided by politics, ideology, or anything of the sort. It will simply be decided by whichever groups have children at healthy rates. I agree with you on the latter point, but I want to also point something out on the former. Many people who are of no "proper" means to do so continue to have children. And they make it work, even if it may be uncomfortable and require sacrifice. So the issue is not one of finances, but priorities. Winning an IPO lottery being the baseline where you feel comfortable for having children doesn't mean that such is the inherent baseline, but that you simply prioritize comfort and wealth over raising a family. And that is okay. This nuance is important; it emphasizes the real issue is not economics, but culture! We've created a society that values the pursuit of wealth and comfort more than family, and it's likely this system is not sustainable. Not everybody can be wealthy, because wealth is relative and mediated by what exists. If 30% of people want something and there's only enough for 3%, then it doesn't matter what the relative wealth is among these people: 90% of people won't be able to "afford" it, and that will never change. A post-scarcity society will never exist alongside consumerism; we'll simply take what we can have for granted and lust over the new scarcities. I think there are many strong arguments against this, but most are debatable. So I'm going to focus on one of the arguments that I do not feel especially strongly about, but one that I think is simply undeniable. A smaller world population in the longrun is a defacto nonstarter. Many places in the world continue to have extremely high birth rates. And the wealth/education correlation that claims to predict the change of this seems, at best, extremely weak when put under scrutiny. Billionaires have high wealth, high education, and high fertility. Places like Thailand have extremely low education/wealth levels, yet their fertility rate is lower than even the US. Israel is the third most educated country in the world, has an advanced economy, and a fertility rate that is even competitive against some African nations at 3.0. The issue is one of prioritizing wealth more than family, which also explains why the trend collapses at billionaires (for whom family has effectively 0 impact on their wealth), even though the correlation would expect them to be having effectively 0 children. And this pursuit of wealth over family holds true in the West, but there's no reason to expect such ideology to spread. So the question is not one of a smaller world population, but of a smaller population of the groups that are not reproducing vs those that are. In other words should the West simply accept its own extinction, likely alongside those of its values? And to me, the answer to that question is no. By contrast I've also had email for decades, and suffer effectively zero spam. Perhaps one difference is that I use two emails. One I use exclusively for messaging friends/family and the other I use for everything else. And I don't use the former email on any mobile device either. The email I use for registering on sites, or using on mobile, is absolutely bombarded with spam. The email I use privately receives near zero spam (that isn't trivially filtered) even though it's a simple and common two word combination at a major mail server. Notably, I'm not registering for dodgy sites or anything like that on the spammed email. It's all major and ostensibly reputable sites. For sites I don't trust or care to receive a message from, I use throw-aways. I simply assume any site you register on is going to sell, leak, or accidentally expose your email (or any other information you offer them). Similarly for mobile devices. And that seems to be a consistently validated assumption. As recently as 1960 [1] their fertility rate was above 6. The neat thing too is that we can actually fill out the missing data perfectly due to the fact that the relative population sizes will always be driven entirely by fertility rates. A fertility rate of six means each older group will be exactly 1/3rd as large as each younger group, similar to how a fertility rate of 1 means each older group will be exactly twice as large as the younger group. So here is what the table looks like if we assume that Year 0 was the final year of 6 fertility: (148) Year 0: 4 sixties, 11 forties, 33 twenties, 100 newborns, (194) Year 20: 11 sixties, 33 forties, 100 twenties, 50 newborns (208) Year 40: 33 sixties, 100 forties, 50 twenties, 25 newborns (187) Year 60: 100 sixties, 50 forties, 25 twenties, 12 newborns (93) Year 80: 50 sixties, 25 forties, 12 twenties, 6 newborns (46) Year 100: 25 sixties, 12 forties, 6 twenties, 3 newborns (23) Year 120: 12 sixties, 6 forties, 3 twenties, 1 newborn [1] - https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/SPDYNTFRTINKOR ELO is dependent upon the pool of players that one plays in. Engine ELO's have no relationship to human ratings because no humans play computers under normal conditions. For an example of this phenomena taken to extremes, Claude Bloodgood [1] was a strong amateur who ended up as officially rated as one of the top players in the world (and #2 in the US) simply because he was only playing against a pool of other prison inmates who were in turn playing only against each other. So all his rating reflected was his relative strength in the prison pool. Computers are definitely much stronger than humans, but not 3600 better. Magnus would certainly be able to eek out plenty of draws, if not only because white can create "simplified" (as a euphemism for dead) positions in just about any variation if he really wants. And Magnus regularly plays these sort of positions literally at the level of supercomputers. I'd also add that much of the dominance of computers is not based just on raw ability alone, but more psychological issues. Humans can become tilted, intimidated, frustrated, tired, and so on. One of the last major human vs computer events was Kramnik vs Fritz. Kramnik, in a relatively simple position, ended up blundering mate in 1 with plenty of time on his clock. It's unlikely he would have ever made the same mistake against a human. It's just very difficult to get in the same mindset when playing against a human as when playing against a computer. Chess, in spite of being a game of complete information, is still extremely influenced by psychology. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claude_Bloodgood This is somewhat misleading because there have also been no classical time control human-computer matches since 2006 when Kramnik played against Fritz. That match more or less ended interest in these matches. Every game was drawn until Kramnik randomly blundered a trivial mate-in-1 in a simple position. That mistake was undoubtedly driven by psychological reasons. Playing against an engine is nothing like playing against a human and it's difficult if not impossible to put oneself in the proper mindset to play well. The following games were then also drawn until Kramnik decided to do the chess equivalent (when playing against a computer) of going for a hail mary, with black, in the final game to try to even the match score. Suffice to say, that failed and the match ended as a generally disappointing, for everybody, 4-2. There have been a variety of gimmicky matches since (fast time controls, various odds matches, etc), but nothing serious. You seem to be falsely equating the Wiki model, with the Encyclopedia model. Encyclopedias could be, and regularly were, referenced as factual and primary sources. The reason is that encyclopedias in the past were predominately written by subject matter experts. As an example writers for Britannica included no less than Milton Friedman, Carl Sagan, Albert Einstein, Marie Curie, and even Leon Trotsky to go in a different direction. [1] Wikipedia, by contrast, is written by whoever can engage in the Wiki-world equivalent of getting the most likes. And its writers are whoever wins what is effectively a glorified Reddit-like upvote system. Ostensibly this is balanced against the fact that editors cannot themselves work as primary sources on Wikipedia: Einstein himself would not be allowed to write about physics on Wikipedia, but this also means Joe Editor also can't write as a primary source. Instead everything is exclusively sourced from other sites. The problem is that this is where bias comes into play. If Joe Editor wants to publish that 2+2=5 in the mathematics section and he can find an article on The Verge claiming so, then he can do so. If somebody wants to correct him, and he doesn't want to change, then edit wars begin. And in these cases, the truth itself is secondary to more normal aspects of social media. This is where Wikipedia fails. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Encyclop%C3%A6dia_Britannica#C... And that's the trillion dollar line. The reason for its justification is because as an owner of a digital platform, you can't get sued by Joe for defamation because somebody said something defaming about him on your platform. Publishers can, and do, get sued for defamation because they're responsible for what they publish. Now let's imagine a hypothetical extreme where OnlineSite ends up censoring any posts related to Joe, except those that defame him. It's quite clear that the site themselves are now actively defaming Joe, but they can use 230 to hide behind that line making them legally immune. In short, the more censorship a site engages in, the more they are effectively publishing their own views and those they defacto endorse. The legalese defines this: "The term “information content provider” means any person or entity that is responsible, in whole or in part, for the creation or development of information provided through the Internet or any other interactive computer service." In all your examples except the 4th Facebook would clearly be the publisher/provider, and responsible. The 4th is where things get tricky largely because of yet another part of the law: "No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be held liable on account of any action voluntarily taken in good faith to restrict access to or availability of material that the provider or user considers to be obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable, whether or not such material is constitutionally protected" Wrangling over the term "good faith" is going to be a lot trickier, especially when plausible deniability enters into the picture. The people spamming bigger dick pills, viagra, and the like back in the day made money, and in some cases quite substantial amounts of it. They did so simply for the fact that even if 99.9999% of people didn't go for it, that 0.00001% was far more than enough to show a healthy profit after 'advertising' costs. The point is that advertising won't end until the formula of additional_ad_driven_revenue > ad_costs becomes false. And we're a long ways away from that given how inordinately expensive advertising is relative to the costs incurred by the companies selling the advertising. And each time that equilibrium price goes lower, the potential market of advertisers who may purchase ads grows. This logic suggests that, if anything, advertising will get even worse as ad revenues decline. Go low enough and we'll be right back to square one with Google Ads promoting big dick pills and viagra. That's to say nothing of the fact that as revenues decline, both Google and advertisers will be looking for ever more insidious and forceful ways to make you watch and make you consume. Imagine, for instance, the countless dystopias things like Google Nest could enable - if such products ever managed to gain widespread adoption. There's a very specific reason for this that can be illustrated quite easily: The current Wiki page on authoritarianism: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authoritarianism The same page, but from 2006: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Authoritarianism&... The Wiki 'definition' of authoritarianism has shifted quite radically in recent years. There's a line in the older page, completely scrubbed at some point, that's quite relevant: "Democracies rarely exhibit much authoritarian behavior except in transition to or from authoritarian states. Many (if not most) citizens of authoritarian states do not perceive their state as authoritarian until late in its development." Recent history (that extends beyond just the past 2 years) has emphasized that the vast majority of people are perfectly fine, if not enthusiastic, about authoritarianism when they share the values of said authority. This makes it near impossible to criticize authoritarianism, in and of itself, because it trends towards immediate hypocrisy. So instead people criticize a system of values they disagree with, while using authoritarianism as a convenient slur to make the critique sound more noble and meaningful than a simple value disagreement would. The same thing has happened to the Wiki page. The older page emphasizes quite clearly that the West has long since entered into the world of authoritarianism, but we don't want to imagine this could ever happen. So instead we've redefined the word in an effort to focus largely on the differences between the United States and "the bad guys." It's really easy to forget how incredibly large a mile is. A single square mile is just under 28 million square feet. A population density of 742/sq mile means each person would have about 37,000 square feet to themselves. Not exactly a struggle for leg room. Large scale population densities don't tell you anything, due to the fact that we have this habit of trying to fit as many of ourselves into the smallest places possible. San Francisco city, for instance, has a population density of 18,634/square mile. And while that's relatively dense it's dwarfed by places like Manila (Philippines) with a density > 111,000 per square mile. And if you want to go full on crazy there was Kowloon Walled City [1] in Hong Kong which had a population density in excess of 5,000,000 per square mile! That number's a bit misleading due to verticality, but not by much! That's probably the most densely packed area of a sizable population that there has ever been, and by a pretty wide margin. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kowloon_Walled_City That article determines a "positive transition" based upon the raw percent growth in unadjusted GDP since 1995, which is dubious. The "value" of that metric is illustrated by referencing one of the 6 Soviet Republics that page "forgot" about: Moldova. Moldova is Europe's poorest country and suffers from widespread poverty, rampant corruption, and is a major source of things like human trafficking of which the government is involved. Yet it's seen an increase of said metric in 250%, so the article must conclude it's been one of the most successful transitions. Handy instance to suffer a bout of amnesia on. --- I've started to become increasingly jaded about economic indicators not only because of articles like this, but because of how they are used in general. We seek data on things like economies not because those numbers matter whatsoever, but because those numbers are supposed to reflect of an objective measurement of the quality of life of people living under that economy. In effect, it's an effort to create objective metrics to try to impartially answer subjective questions. But it ultimately fails, because subjective determination is going to be based on a practically infinite number of metrics, many of which may be immeasurable. So why not simply ask the people? Should we not be aiming to maximize e.g. contentedness/capita instead of GDP/capita and just hoping it leads to the former, somehow? Of course that's a far harder metric to maximize, but that's the whole point. Just doing everything to maximize one metric's value and then waving a "Mission Accomplished" banner clearly is not getting the job done. It seems to me that one primary issue is that the article doesn't really bother to even try to discuss the pros and cons of the device, instead focusing entirely on partisan angles. The device itself could drive interesting conversation. It's effectively a hardware level packet sniffer (possibly router - it was not specified whether the device can unilaterally drop packets, or just sniff) installed on government level networks offered by a third party. The sniffer then engages in an opaque process to flag and collect any packets that trigger its opaque filter, and then engages in a further opaque processing from there with the data in an effort motivated by improving network security. There's a fairly obvious pro/con argument to be had here. When used benevolently, it could be potentially useful, though it's utility is going to be ultimately constrained by the incompetence of the actors they hope to work against. When used maliciously it'd be quite awful since you're sending arbitrary data sent to government organizations to a third party, and simply trusting them to behave responsibly with that data. But when you blindly jump in with labels, both political and just arbitrarily labeling it an "election security device" (even if that is one of the ideal purposes of it), all discourse is going to degenerate to the level of green goo sliding down a sewer drain. Wiki posted the 2022 report on life expectancy from the UN [1]. US life expectancy has now fallen to 70th in the world. The countries ahead of us now are including places such as impoverished micronations. Any explanation for this drop, needs to be able to explain not only the deaths but why the extreme relative impact. Most (all?) proposed explanations fail to do so. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expe... Unless they're referring to a different report than the one they linked to [1], the report did not say this. They did not offer anything in the way of explanations besides hand-waving proposals that, in some cases, were contradicted by their own data. They proposed the greater loss in minority life expectancy as being driven by "systemic racism as well as inadequacies in the US handling of the pandemic." What that's supposed to mean was never stated. The next sentence reflected upon a higher rate of non-minority deaths the following year which the paper claimed "likely has multiple explanations." None of those possible explanations were offered. They concluded with offering an estimated life expectancy in America of 76.44 for 2021. The final official numbers from the UN numbers ended up with 77.2. [1] - https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.04.05.22273393v... Because the field saw exponential progress which has started stalling out only relatively recently. And so now there are two possible explanations: 1) We're reaching near the end of where the current domain can take us. 2) We're making some sort of mistake or otherwise missing something that's the key to unlocking continued exponential progress. It's always natural, especially for those working within a domain, to assume it's #2. Unfortunately it seems our universe has this habit of always kicking us back to #1 just before the completely game breaking stuff starts happening. Outside the control of something does not mean the same as outside the reach of. For a typical tech example consider e.g. owning a word processor vs using a word processing software as a service. In the former your usage of that is outside the control of any central authority, but certainly not outside their potential reach. If the government deems your copy of that software is illegal, they may come for you [and it], but at the same time they can't simply whisk it out of existence - because they don't control it. By contrast, in the SaaS case - they can indeed simply whisk it out of existence, so far as you are concerned. This also has nothing to do with conceding who "controls property allocation." It's all about control/ownership. Yip, although there's also length contraction in play. The universe just starts contorting itself to ensure nothing ever exceeds the speed of light. What the GP post is referring to is called a 'relativistic rocket'. You can find plenty of calculators for them, like here [1]. It leads to really mind-bending scenarios. For instance a single human could easily travel a billion light years within their lifetime, requiring "only" to travel at 1G acceleration for 40 years. Of course in that time a billion years would have really passed outside of our relativistic rocket. If it ultimately turns out that there is no fundamental law of the universe that makes long-term rates of relatively low acceleration impossible, then the future will be a simply unimaginable place. Time itself will start to lose meaning as it becomes as variable as distance is today, at least for those able to travel. [1] - https://www.anycalculator.com/starshipcalculator.html I seems to me that Rome is more of a Rorschach test than anything else. Because there was no single cause that definitively ended the empire. Ask 20 historians to tell the prioritized story of Rome's decline, and you'll get 21 largely distinct tales. If you want to blame moral decline, you can. If you want to corrupt political systems, poor monetary policy, immigration, disease, war, social dis-integration (hyphenated only to emphasize the meaning), wealth inequality, or even self inflicted accidental poisoning - you can. And the worst part of all is that even if we had complete and absolutely perfect information on the decades leading to the end, you probably still couldn't find "the cause." Empires fail long before they collapse - inertia. One can easily argue that the Soviet Union failed decades before 1989. But for anything so monumental, inertia was enough to keep the corpse of a system moving forward for decades to come. And in the time of Rome, when the speed of dictate was that of carriage, sail, (and on rare occasion - pigeon) - this effect would have been magnitudes greater, which is difficult to even begin to appreciate the implications of. Perhaps the most interesting, and telling, thing of all is how empires towards their end tend to share not just one of the "symptoms", but many. Make sure you're comparing apples to apples. Launches are usually scrubbed because of weather. Repeatedly bringing a rocket to the pad on launch day that's ultimately not flight-worthy is different than scrubbing because of higher than nominal cross winds. And this case is particularly spectacular because while it's ostensibly just a test, they are literally using the exact same engines that the Space Shuttle used. Not as in the exact model, but literally refurbished RS-25 engines that already completed successful flights on the Space Shuttle. The initial SpaceX Falcon rocket was entirely privately funded, at a total cost of of ~$100 million. The first 3 launches were failures. The 4th launch was a success, and the rest is history. And that vessel would ultimately go on (through various again largely privately funded innovations) to revolutionize spaceflight. The same is now true of the Starship, which is again being entirely privately funded. The cost is certainly going to be much more than $100 million, but also nowhere near the absurd extremes of cost that Boeing imposes on the taxpayer. At this point "we" have spent tens of billions of dollars on this catastrophe. And the icing on the cake is that if this monstrosity is ever deemed flight worthy, it will likely already be obsolete. It's quite difficult to understand why giving a company billions of dollars a year, unless they succeed, does not seem to be leading to great outcomes. Maybe we should just give them more money. That'll fix everything. What do you think would be the minimal requirement to trigger social collapse? I'd claim it's much less than nuclear annihilation. We live in a deeply interdependent society with a society that demands excesses of consumption. Like the article mentions, one possible cause of social collapse could be something as innocuous as a solar storm. Or maybe there might be no cause at all. The Great Depression is interesting in that there was no external physical mechanism of the sort of famine, plague, or war behind it. It was driven entirely by economics. One day everybody is doing everything as they do and society is moving along fine. The next day, society is collapsing. And today we live in a more interdependent society with greater consumption and lower self sufficiency. The impact would be greater; the original wasn't exactly a walk in the park. So ultimately I don't really see the end of society as being the same as doomsday. It's likely to just be a liminal phase. And the optimist in me would like to imagine that at the end of the tunnel, we might even be able to come out as a much better people. It seems we, both as individuals and as societies, only seem to learn by sticking our finger in the fire. But at least once we do, we tend to learn not to do it again. I think this was probably more true in the past than present. US nuclear targets for the Soviet Union were declassified some time back [1]. And the Soviet targets probably looked pretty similar. And like you proposed the top priority was indeed for air superiority, because that's primarily how nuclear weapons were deployed. But ICBMs changed the game. In modern times our nuclear silos are intentionally spread out far and wide, not only in America but the entire world, and specifically designed to withstand a nuclear strike. This is without even mentioning the weapons deployed on mobile platforms such as ships or submarines. Nuclear war in modern times is going to go for the second tier of targets: industry/economic, civilian population, and medical resources. A bomb detonated around a nuclear silo in the middle of nowhere would most likely have next to no impact on the US. A bomb detonated in the economic center of New York or California would have an unimaginable impact. The scary thing about this sort of stuff is that a "small" blast could easily have the exact opposite effect, and create a rally around the flag effect such as 9/11. And everybody knows this. So should this ever happen, the attacker is going to make sure to leave more than just a mark. [1] - https://nsarchive2.gwu.edu/nukevault/ebb538-Cold-War-Nuclear... And what do you perceive the cause would be here, or that any sacrifice was achieve? When World War 1 was happening, it was being actively deemed "The War To End All Wars." What could possibly be more noble? Of course in the end it not only failed to end war but set directly the stage for far deadlier conflicts shortly to come. It's all just so often utterly bizarre when you look at the big picture. A Bosnian Serb assassinates an Austro-Hungarian royal, and the next thing you know Brits and Germans are killing each other over it? Commoners nobly dying for noble's ignoble causes. And now, over a 100 years later, the same underlying issues that led to the initial assassination still exist. In the paper [1] they're all listed. The most common, by far, were "coagulation disorder" or "other forms of acute cardiac injury". The give examples of the former as including pulmonary embolism, acute myocardial infarction, immune thrombocytopenia, and disseminated intravascular coagulation. [1] - https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0264410X2... The most critical section from the paper [1]. AESI = Adverse Event of Special Interest: --- 3.4. Harm-benefit considerations In the Moderna trial, the excess risk of serious AESIs (15.1 per 10,000 participants) was higher than the risk reduction for COVID-19 hospitalization relative to the placebo group (6.4 per 10,000 participants). In the Pfizer trial, the excess risk of serious AESIs (10.1 per 10,000) was higher than the risk reduction for COVID-19 hospitalization relative to the placebo group (2.3 per 10,000 participants). --- [1] - https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0264410X2... This study answers a simple question: "If I deploy this treatment to x people, how will this affect the outcomes of those people over the next y months (where y is roughly the same as the study length)?" And this sort of study, when impartially carried out, can provide a reasonably accurate answer to that question. I fully agree that there are plentiful problems with this. Such a study would conclude that smoking cigarettes is perfectly healthy! But going beyond that is generally not possible in any meaningful way, because one cannot see into the future. For instance you now claim, with hindsight, that effectively 100% of people will be infected by COVID. Yet at the same time these studies were happening, we were carrying out actions, ostensibly well informed and in good faith, that promised to be able to effectively eliminate COVID if we just e.g. shut down the country for 'x' weeks. And so you now want to compare risk(COVID) vs risk(vaccine), but these vaccines ultimately proved themselves unable to meaningfully prevent COVID infection or spread. So instead you need to compare risk(COVID) vs risk(COVID + vaccine). And similarly the vaccines also ended up with brief periods of efficacy, so again you need to factor in yet another variable: risk(COVID + vaccine + boosters x time). And that's really just getting started. Imagine trying to factor in completely unknowable, yet inevitable, viral mutations. Ultimately, these long term models are more likely to reflect the biases of the person building them than any actual relationship to expected outcomes. And when there are tens of billions of dollars at stake for a model to give the "right" answer, I don't think this is anything we ought ever aim for. Like in software, KISS. [1] [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle This study is looking at the data from the trials upon which the emergency authorization was granted. So you need to warp back to somewhere around August 2020 to December 2020. Extreme views at the time were more the norm than the exception at the time, both in terms of the potentially negative impact of the virus, and the potentially positive impact of various measures to combat it. Any request you make to Google's servers, including something as innocuous as e.g. Google Fonts can be used to shape and track you, your habits, and so on. When it goes through a proxy, that becomes much more difficult. What I'm trying to emphasize is that by your standard of evidence, no study could ever answer anything. And that's not an entirely unreasonable position to take. For instance I know of one scientist, who is part of the National Academy of Sciences no less, who believes that the studies against smoking are insufficiently compelling. And it's for, more or less, similar rational to what you're putting forth here. On the other hand, the viable ability to set up an insurmountable standard of proof does not really change the picture here. The data available, under the time frames studied, do not paint a positive picture of the safety or efficacy of these drugs. If you get into section 5 of the study, you can see how both the FDA and the pharmaceutical companies worked to pad the numbers to make them look better, including things like lumping thousands of individuals into the experimental group even though there had been no follow up on these individuals, meaning they had no idea of their outcomes. It was quite easy to imagine great uses for the internet, but they sounded pie in the sky - until they weren't. It's a similar issue with crypto. Being able to rapidly send or receive money anywhere in the world to anybody with a computer, independent of any third party, is itself already an absolutely amazing possibility. The only thing missing is largely what was missing from the internet for decades - large scale adoption for utility. One major difference here is that the grand vision for the internet stood to help governments in many ways, whereas cryptocurrency stands to weaken governments in many ways. Currency controls enables nation to try to tune their own local economies, control international trade rates, go infinitely far into debt, and can also work as a great weapon against enemy nations. Widescale cryptocurrency adoption would stand to shatter all of this, and that's something no major government is going to just idly allow to happen. I would also add that in the zeitgeist of the world today, the internet would likely have taken far longer to materialize than it did in the past, for reasons analogous to those with crypto. Can you imagine the US's response to digitally interlinking with China or Russia? For that matter China or Russia's view on the same. We live in a brave new world where each nation wants to strictly control their messaging while limiting, or eliminating, outside views. The internet works to undermine all of that. Just napkin mathing it, it doesn't seem like it would be surprising in the least due to mass transport. Take the cargo ship for instance. In looking up the numbers, a single large cargo ship can carry upwards of 20,000 20-foot long cargo containers each with a volume of ~1200 cubic feet. So that's 24 million cubic feet of storage. Break that down into pollution per item, it's going to be some value that's effectively zero. And the same is going to be true for most other transportation and movement along the overall pipeline, which is all going to be done at a large scale to reduce costs. And then you enter the picture. You drive 15 miles there, and 15 miles back in your vehicle - to pick up 6 limes, a few sprigs of mint, and a bottle of rum. The cost of transport/mile/unit there is easily going to be orders of magnitude greater than any other part of the trip, and it's not hard to imagine it exceeds the entire cost of the rest combined. To be clear on one thing, the entire point of decentralization is that while Unstoppable is 'distributing' these domains, once distributed they no longer own them and can in no way whatsoever do anything with them, even if they wanted to regardless of the consequences. Decentralization in the web basically turns many "digital products" into something closer to their physical analog, in terms of ownership. What I mean there is that if you buy a Widget from the Widget Mart, Widget Mart no longer has any ability to impact that Widget in any way whatsoever. It's the same with these domains. You buy it, it's yours. Somebody can only take it away from you in the same ways that they might take away your Widget. As you sound quite reasonable and self-aware, can you explain your rationale more? I have difficult understanding it. I had the exact same idea as this company and I'm sure thousands of others did as well. The goal wasn't to make money (though that's obviously a pleasant aside), but to fix something that, from my perspective, is very broken. Our current DNS system entails you paying an ever-increasing and perpetual rent to a company for them to do literally nothing. You are paying them to not remove your name from a database, which is less work on their part than deleting it would be. That's seems just so dysfunctional and exploitative. And just to also make sure we're on the same page here - when this company distributes your domain, they no longer own it in any way, shape, or form. Even if they wanted to go scummy and swap back to our current model (perhaps after gaining large marketshare), they'd be literally unable to - because they do not control, in any way, these domains once they are distributed. Greater web compatibility, and most features you need are built-in instead of third party plugins. With 1 click you have the ability to access or change a native: ad-blocker, https everywhere, script blocker, anti fingerprinter, cookie blocker. And everything has an excellent UI for configuring things which can be done on a per site or global basis. So for instance just blocking 'x' script, or only blocking cross-site cookies, or whatever else. I believe Firefox was adding in some of these features back when I swapped, but they've been playing catch up for some time now. There's also lots of other neat features like the topic of this thread, single click support for TOR, and I'm sure plenty of stuff I'm leaving out. I also find it to be vastly more performant/memory friendly if you're anything like me and happen to leave a gazillion tabs open because I'm totally going to eventually go read that really interesting sounding article that I opened 3 months ago. Brave not only shows 0 ads to you, but also blocks all ads, unless you actively opt-in to a system they have where you're paid 70% of the revenue gain from the ad in the form of a token. I do not, and will not ever opt in. The browser itself is also fully open source and you're free to verify that they're sending exactly and only what they say they're sending. You can also disable what limited analytics that they do use if you'd prefer them not see hyper-sensitive information like a bucketed grouping (1, 2-5, 6-10, 11-50, 51+) of how many tabs you have open. Not just French. They're popular in many parts of the South US as well, particularly in areas with Cajun/French influence. And delicious. And yeah, just the legs. You do not need a third party - that's one of the many great things about this. You can go download (or compile, or make) software right now to generate a completely functioning Bitcoin wallet that you can then send/receive coins from. That wasn't asked of kids, that was asked of adults to recall what they wanted to be when they were kids, which is going to result in different answers. Lego, through Harris polling, ran this poll [1] internationally not that long ago and the results were stereotypical. Respondents were allowed to pick multiple dream careers: --- China: Astronaut - 56% Teacher - 52% Musician - 47% --- US: Youtuber - 30% Teacher - 25% Pro Athlete - 21% --- [1] - https://www.businessinsider.com/american-kids-youtube-star-a... There is a severe demographic problem with this study (among others). A current trend in the social sciences is using Amazon Mechanical Turk and Prolific to run surveys. These sites are based around paying people pennies to compete menial tasks (like complete surveys), and populated with large numbers of "professional" menial task executers. This study offered the big bucks of $1.50 - $2.25. There are two major problems with this: 1) It doesn't matter how you normalize a sample when that sample is a niche subsample of society to begin with. This has always been a problem with the social sciences which previously relied heavily on undergraduates in social science classes, but that is going to at least be much closer to something like a representative sample than Amazon Mechanical Turk or Prolific can offer. 2) The people carrying out the tasks are motivated primarily by blazing through as many studies as possible while doing the bare minimum to get paid, and many fail at even that. In this study ctrl+f for "attention check." To this study's credit, they at least included numerous attention checks, but it emphasizes the issue. On average about 1 out of 6 participants were excluded for failing to correctly answer questions along the lines of "Please select C as the answer to this question." Journals are likely indulging this because it's going to generate endless "impact" (which is increasingly becoming a euphemism for clickbait), but it's undermining the entire field more than ever before. Look at the methods. The most accurate title would be: "Americans taking online surveys for pennies consistently overestimate how much culture has changed." I went into more detail here [1], but the sample is based on Amazon Mechanical Turk/Prolific. This survey is not just only Americans (or at least those that can pass for such; they had to be able to answer: "students in their second year of high school are called sophomores, that granola would be an unusual dish to serve at a Fourth of July barbecue, and that dialing 911 connects the caller to emergency services"), but an extremely biased subset of such. [1] - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32775623 If that was their motivation then why not simply offer an opt-in to heavily moderated servers? And a toggle to make it where that's all you see (if you want). This would not only make their job much easier, since presumably relatively few people want this sort of moderation, but would also increase the overall satisfaction of their entire userbase. People who want moderation for whatever reasons, can have it. Those that don't - don't have to. --- A tangential, but related, issue I've observed is that there seem to be an increasing number of measures being carried out in society that, in effect, drive widespread self censorship. Any interesting conversation, regardless of how otherwise sanitary, may be likely to motivate somebody to want to "report" others. See any thread on, for instance, dark matter. An esoteric scientific concept, yet one where emotions run wild. The only choice, in scenarios where reporting is likely to lead to penalties that are intolerable, is to simply not say anything at all that might cause even a single ripple in the water. And that is, in effect, not especially different than life in all of these unfree societies we were supposed to have learned from. The fact that we now seem to be becoming one of those societies, even if by a more novel path, is becoming increasingly apparent. On the chance you have not, I'd highly recommend reading Plato's "Republic". If you're short of time, this [1] is "book" (more like chapter) 8. The section from "And democracy has her own good, of which the insatiable desire brings her to dissolution?" and onward is unbelievable. Aside from the language and handful of references to values that have changed quite substantially, one could easily dismiss it all as an edgelord writing an uninspired metaphor with hindsight of recent events, down to the exact roles and actions. But the words take on a different meaning altogether having been written 2,400 years ago! It was this book that made me realize the old saying of history repeating itself was not in the sort of vague allegory that I once believed, but in very specific repeated actions in very specific orders - that keep repeating, separated by millennia. In an odd way it offers peace of mind. The world is not headed towards some unprecedented era of chaos. Instead the era we all grew up in (at least within the developed world), one of peace and relative stability, is what was unprecedented. [1] - http://classics.mit.edu/Plato/republic.9.viii.html I find there's a much simpler argument that, incidentally, leads to a similar conclusion but without the necessity of any conditionals (such as internationalism). Our power was primarily derived from our economic superiority. Even in cases of hard power, our military was and is little more than a reflection of our economy. We're much smaller than other nations such as China and India, but an overwhelming technological and developmental edge largely nullified that difference in the past. But that technological edge has been shrinking for decades, and there's no need to think this trend won't continue indefinitely. And as technological differences shrink, economics starts to become more of just a function of population size. And 340 million will never be able to maintain a competitive balance against 1.4 billion. We can already see this happening in many ways today, most innocuously from "American" companies increasingly kowtowing [1] the line. Beyond the fun wordplay, the word has an appropriate etymology. When the next great economy is already able to casually influence the backbone of our economy - the backbone of our power, it largely signals the end of one hegemonic influence and the unfortunately probable advent of another. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kowtow I agree there are many other factors in play, but the question is how do those factors compare with population? We can answer this objectively, or at least as objectively as equating GDP with economy, allows us to do. This [1] is a list of countries by their GDP per capita. It's quite surprising how closely all countries tend to fall together. The difference between Greece and the US in terms of economic output per person is less than a factor of 4. With China having well over 4x the population of the US, this sets a more visual benchmark: should China achieve the aggregate output/capita of Greece, they will have overcome the US economy. Of course the catch is we're speaking in nominal terms. Looking at something like the GDP per capita, in PPP terms [2], can help indicate how difficult a journey this will entail. A country like South Korea has a low GDP but is likely hitting closer to the tail end of their rapid growth phase. In spite of having a very low nominal GDP, they have a very strong domestic economy with an output/capita rivaling the West, in terms of local spending power. There is less low hanging fruit, for them to pick, than their GDP would suggest. But China is in a different bucket. Their economic output remains low per capita in both PPP and nominal terms. They have substantial room for rapid upward growth and continue to go in that direction. They will certainly overcome the US, and in the longer term picture they will likely end up with a larger economy than the US and EU combined. I'm anything but a cheerleader for this outcome, but I don't see any realistic scenario where this isn't the case. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(nomi... [2] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(PPP)... Were China as intrinsically disadvantaged, or the US as advantaged, as you frame it - then this would be quite a strong argument further in favor of the view that as technologies equalize, economic output becomes dominated by population. The economic gap between the US and China per capita continues to shrink at an exponential rate. This is the US GDP/capita divided by the Chinese GDP/capita for the past 40 years in nominal terms : 1990 - 75x 2000 - 38x 2010 - 11x 2020 - 6x As China has more than 4x the population of the US, 4x is the cutoff where they will also have a larger economy in nominal terms. They've of course long since greatly surpassed us in PPP terms. US GDP/capita : https://www.macrotrends.net/countries/USA/united-states/gdp-... Chinese GDP/capita : https://www.macrotrends.net/countries/CHN/china/gdp-per-capi... 1) Serialization for storage or transit 2) Serialization for storage or transit Unless the spec has changed, there's a fun issue. In protobuf there's no notion of null. So for instance a null list and an empty list are serialized identically. This leads to a nightmare in any system where null can have meaning by itself. I was always confused by this decision since there would be an endless number of ways to represent null that would have near zero impact on size or performance. The only cost I can see is the abstract one of making the representation less "elegant." There are a of course endless ways to overcome this issue, but I don't think serialization implementation details should ever be allowed to leak into the model of what's being serialized. Just begging for issues down the road. Can you elaborate on the reasons for the decision? I've always been quite curious on the reasoning there. And it's also precisely what helped such people the most. Abolition, and other pertinent topics, were regularly and vigorously discussed and debated in America. This was happening at the same time that in Britain calling for the end of the monarchy was punishable by death, later converted to merely life in prison. And incidentally, that is still the law in the UK [1]. Quite a relevant aside since while it was ostensibly not actively enforced, police are currently being quite heavy handed with protesters against the royal accession process, and that law gives them every legal right to do so. The point there is that had we lived in a country where censoring speech was legal, there's every reason to believe even speaking of e.g. abolition could have landed you in jail, or worse. Would this have deterred change? Maybe, maybe not. But the one thing is for sure is that it'd have made the country a far less free place for everybody. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treason_Felony_Act_1848 I don't disagree, but I'd add that this also pretty normal in modern games. AAA games charging $60 + $1000 in DLC make up a negligible chunk of the games market, yet receive nearly all the coverage, because that price markup is disproportionately directed towards advertising. Here [1] are the sales prices on Factorio by region (another benefit of using a distribution service), and keep in mind that they recently increased their prices by upwards of 50% after leaving early access! The cheapest its available is in Argentina where it goes for $2.80. It's an identical story with the vast majority of games. For games in a roughly similar vein to Factorio you might also look at Dyson Sphere Program, Rimworld, and Satisfactory among many others. The obscure exceptions in price are AAA stuff and Japanese stuff. Add in various sales, bundles, etc and it gets even more ridiculous. Epic is currently trying to become a viable competitor to Steam. The problem they face is that people would rather buy games where their games library already is. So Epic has responded perfectly naturally - just give everybody a completely free game library. Each week that give away 1-3 free games to people; that's included games like GTA V. We're currently in an absolute golden age for games and gaming. [1] - https://steamdb.info/app/427520/ Net neutrality was terminated in the US at the end of 2017, and this remains the case. An executive order in 2021 did not change this. Boeing's lies and conspiracies around the 737 MAX directly led to the deaths of hundreds. Their ultimate penalty was a settlement involving a fine equal to about 2 days of revenue, and compensation to the families of those they killed equaling to about 12 more days of revenue. [1] The release did not specify, but settlements of this sort generally require the victims to waive their right to further civil or other legal measures, so that's the end. The people ultimately responsible for these things not only don't go to jail, they tend to make substantial profit from it after all is said and done. In a a matter of weeks everybody had forgotten (except I'm sure those related to the victims), a slap on the wrist was given, and we're straight back to giving Boeing billions of dollars in taxpayer funds to do the only thing they're good at: killing people. On the off chance somebody doesn't understand the reference - Boeing is the 2nd largest defense contractor in the US, scoring upwards of $22 billion in contracts las year, after that settlement. [1] - https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/boeing-charged-737-max-fraud-... Information and knowledge on the effectiveness and side effects of the vaccines has changed in a rather extreme fashion since the earlier phase of the pandemic. And the virus itself has also changed in a rather extreme way since the earlier phase. Why would you expect peoples views, in aggregate, to not similarly change? The internet is fundamentally little more than the ability to send 1s and 0s from point A to point B. So you mean like me calling you and saying 0 1 0? Well, yeah kind of, but faster! And we can even have conference calls! It's going to change the entire world! Yeah, ok... Well, I'm going to leave now. Wait, sorry... I mean I'm going to '0 1 1 0' now. Wow, I can feel the world shifting already. The applications of a technology often are far greater than the most simplified fundamental upon which it is built. Private vs public all comes down to the interests of society, it's not religious dogma. Prior to the 60s it was perfectly legal to refuse to serve somebody because of their race or religion. The courts decided this was not in the public interest, and so that changed. Some time before that it was private companies used to also be able to fire anybody seeking to unionize. Then that changed. There is even precedent where private land used in a public way subjects the owner to the same standards as those of the government. [1] The current situation is pretty goofy. We've hyper centralized speech into a tiny handful of outlets, with those outlets increasingly recklessly operating with exactly 0 accountability to anybody, in spite of the dramatic and undeniable consequences of their actions are having on both individuals and society at large. IMO the one and only reason this hasn't been dealt with is because we're going through a brief phase of dystopia. Governments seems more interested in trying to myopically exploit the centralization speech to their own benefit, instead of actually thinking of the longterm, to say nothing of making society a better place. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marsh_v._Alabama Large companies are growing to levels that are arguably unsustainable. When you have billions of dollars in baseline overhead costs, an amazing product may not even get you in the black. You'd need to do that every year, and likely multiple times per year. It's simply not realistic. So the solution these companies are choosing is rent seeking. I'd add that this issue is affecting many other industries as well. Entertainment being a visible one. Hollywood has big budgets, big overhead, yet increasingly difficulty finding the big ideas. So we get "Men in Spandex Save the World #83." AAA games are behaving similarly. There seems to be less of an effort than ever to even feign that "Next Big Shooter" is essentially last years next big shooter, reskinned. This is why I hold the certainly uncommon view that we are probably nearing 'peak big business', at least until the next great frontier emerges. It's difficult to imagine these increasingly widespread "solutions" being sustainable in the longrun. One issue, among many, is a tragedy of the commons with many solutions. Charging rent sounds great for the individual company, but the more companies that charge rent - the more intolerant consumers become of it. See how online streaming went from a golden goose to a bloodbath for everybody once "too many" companies got involved. I think this maybe an example of an increasingly common scenario in life. We like to envision for any given problem that there are good solutions, and that there are bad solutions. And so if one solution is provably bad, then surely an alternative must be better. But in reality, there are often just bad solutions and worse solutions. The point I make with this is that attacking the failings of one solution doesn't really say anything about the alternative. It's often interesting how much wisdom there is tucked away in simple, old, folky sayings that one only appreciates much later. "Out of the frying pan and into the fire." Site last updated 7 months ago. Of course, but what he's saying is that you don't generate currency as a side effect of running your dedicated heater. Whereas the inverse is true with mining - you generate heat as a side effect of running your mining setup. When that's desirable, it can be factored into the net cost. Just imagine the amount of compute, mechanical and human, that's spent trying to force people to watch ads that they don't want to see to convince them to buy things that they don't need. Alternatively consider planned obsolescence. Devices are designed to break and be replaced rather than last today, as a rule. Consider just phones alone on this front. The amount of resources that consumes is unimaginable, and that goes well beyond just electricity or manpower. Ultimately our entire society is built around the largely arbitrary expenditure of absolutely massive amounts of energy and resources to accomplish tasks that, in most cases, are not especially useful or necessary. Optimizing GDP, a goal of most all developed nations now a day, is often just a proxy for increasing waste. Buying the same phone 20 times gives a 20x boost to GDP relative to buying it once. And yet this is the metric we've chosen as a measure for progress. Contrary to many other nations, the Constitution of the US is a rather plain organizational description. There is literally zero ideological, logical, or other sorts of rationale contained. That rationale rests within a number of places including the Declaration of Independence and in the rather extensive writings of the Founding Fathers, who notably made many statements such as, "And what country can preserve it’s liberties if their rulers are not warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit of resistance? Let them take arms. The remedy is to set them right as to facts, pardon and pacify them. What signify a few lives lost in a century or two? The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. It is it’s natural manure. " It is perhaps telling that had Jefferson made such comments in the media of today where anybody could actually read it, he would likely be actively censored - his comments and his person alongside. And his receiving a visit from men in black would not be a surprise either, especially if he somehow managed to still keep communicating with society at large in spite of the censorship efforts. Somehow I suspect this scenario is not exactly what the Founding Fathers had in mind when seeking to enshrine Free Speech in this country. You can read the original here: https://www.archives.gov/founding-docs/constitution-transcri... Full context on the Tree of Liberty quote: https://founders.archives.gov/documents/Jefferson/01-12-02-0... The interesting thing is I've had the experience of getting to live in a number of the places framed in the Western media as ones where bugs are commonly eaten (in Asia in particular). And it's been, at best, misleading. They're only eaten at all frequently in the more rural and extremely impoverished (which is to say extremely impoverished relative to an impoverished average) areas. Across multiple countries the people that do this have been referred to as "hill tribe people." And even there, it's not exactly as framed. When they are eaten they tend to be cooked in a way to try to remove all flavor (such as heavy frying) and then served with copious amounts of a flavored side (and often alcohol as well). In the less impoverished areas, what bugs are sold are often ironically targeted at foreigners thinking they're engaging in an exotic cultural experience, even though few locals would care to share that 'culture' themselves! There's a huge difference between something being made edible, often out of dire circumstance or extreme poverty, and something being desirable, let alone "the best thing ever." Surströmming is such a perfect example. It came from a different time and a different place, where you're eating your unpleasant fermented fish while trying to make it as tolerable as possible, or you're going hungry. The reason their eating habits changed is because through economic and technological development, they were able to move beyond eating what they can to eating what they want. In short, progress. It's rather more broad. The text from the bill itself, "The Secretary and the Broadcasting Board of Governors are authorized to use funds appropriated or otherwise made available for public diplomacy information programs to provide for the preparation, dissemination, and use of information intended for foreign audiences abroad about the United States, its people, and its policies, through press, publications, radio, motion pictures, the Internet, and other information media, including social media, and through information centers, instructors, and other direct or indirect means of communication." I don't understand the implications of that, because I don't know the details of the law beforehand. But something that's clear is that it opens the door to some very nasty stuff - especially if there is no obligation for source/identity disclosure. Yip. I think a large motivation for many games is not to make money but to make something that you personally want that isn't already out there that, where the money is just a nice perk. "UnReal World", for the most extreme example I know of, was released and has been in development for more than 3 decades. It's still receiving regular updates, with the dev kind of mixing game and life. It's a game about surviving in the Finnish wilds, by a dev who lives out in the middle of the Finnish wilds. As Biden gets into his speech, and for about 98% of the video - the framing is exactly as Snowden presented. Given politicians are the sort of people that obsess over the implications of the color of a tie, this visual was chosen absolutely intentionally: a flag hung vertically, blood red imposed on a dark scene, and two shadowy marines in the rear. I have no idea why they went for this visual, but it's difficult to attribute it to any motivation that is at all desirable. Incidentally, if you originally watched the video on CNN, I'd encourage you to check out your own link, past the 40 second mark! Because that leads to a much more light hearted (though not really, if you really think about the implications of this) issue. As this video was streamed CNN distorted the colors, in real time, to try to increase the apparent lighting while also turning the crimson red into something like a fuchsia pink. [1] If you think that link might itself be fake, feel free to just look at any of CNN's coverage [2] and compare it against the source videos. Everybody understood exactly the sort of imagery Biden's writers were looking to evoke. The only question that remains to be answered is why. [1] - https://twitter.com/burackbobby_/status/1565543514137677824 [2] - https://edition.cnn.com/videos/politics/2022/09/02/veteran-r... On the off chance you weren't aware, the story about an officer being bludgeoned to death by a rioter wielding a fire extinguisher was completely fabricated. [1] He was uninjured during the riots, and died the following day of a stroke due to a preexisting blood clot. Kind of interesting the massive propaganda campaign following his death that was maintained for months, even though the coroner's report on his death would have been available within days of his death. And the powers that be obviously knew, whatever the cause, it had 0 to do with the lie that was told, and repeated for months by the media, to the American people. The only people that died during the riot were unarmed rioters. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Brian_Sicknick Do you believe that your provided image is what they were going for? Or was it the image was streamed live everywhere? This [1] is C-SPAN's coverage, which is about as impartial as one can get. And they went from the framing that was entirely expected of them once Biden began to speak. I would urge you to consider just how completely obsessive politicians are about every single aspect of appearance: the color of one's tie, the lapel of choice of the day, how you hold your hands while speaking, even the tint of your skin. That his speech evoked the worst of imagery was, unfortunately, not just an unfortunate accident. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JemWkV2Vcic I don't think I'll ever understand upmarket stuff. A quick search yields mobile homes range from 784 to 1440 square feet, with an average retail price of $76,400 [1]. This is 540 square feet for $400k. For those unaware, mobile homes are not just the tin can on wheels stereotype. Some look no less gorgeous than this does. Except they're 2-3 times as large, and go for a fraction of the cost. [1] - https://realestate.usnews.com/real-estate/articles/how-much-... There is one issue with your argument here, an increasingly relevant one in contemporary times. You are implying that since one choice can be shown to be provably bad, it must therefore be the case that another is better by default. But this assumes that there are good choices, and that there are bad choices. Reality, unfortunately, is often not so kind, and instead leaves us to choose only between bad choices and horrible ones. And so emphasizing the flaws of one choice, says very little about the desirability of an alternative. In some ways I think game theory is most appropriate for chaotic systems. The goal is not to pick the system that works the best, under some ideal set of criteria, but the one that works the least-worst under the most hostile set of criteria. Anything can be made to seem something other than what it is from some angle or another - or some quote or another. The best of intentions can be turned into the worst, and the worst into the best. The question is one of intent. So I'll ask you. This [1] is the CSPAN coverage, which as close as one to get as definitive. And it is effectively identical to all other coverage as well. Do you genuinely believe the long zoomed out and angled images that are required to make this scene look less creepy are what the scene was intended to be streamed as? Or it was it intended to be streamed like literally every other single 'serious speech', the sort of which Biden's team, a group absolutely obsessed with visuals and apperance, have decades of experience orchestrating - front and center, zoomed on speaker? [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JemWkV2Vcic I'll close with one final note. Try to imagine this was otherwise identical setup, and even an identical speech. The only thing we'll change is that instead of the speaker invoking 1 day of riots in an effort to demonize his political opponents, it was instead a Republican speaker invoking the years of riots prior with the same motivation. If you genuinely believe what you're saying here, then you would hold those exact same opinions in such a scenario. Here's a rando image of Neptune: https://hubblesite.org/contents/media/images/2020/59/4788-Im... I'm certain there are nicer ones. That site has most (all?) of Hubble's images available with keyword search. The reason the rings don't show up is the same reason that Neptune is its real color in the Hubble image. The Hubble image was taken in the visible spectrum, while JWST images are colorized infrared images. Your timeline could use some work. Oblivion's 'horse armor' DLC was in 2006, and the first DLC came about a decade prior. The earliest I could find was the "Cuss Pack" for Redneck Rampage from 1997. Also, you cannot withdraw money from your Steam account. "Recommendation" doesn't mean what you're implying when its coming from an entity who is responsible for tens of billions of dollars in revenue for you and for whom losing the favor of could easily result in the collapse of your business. It also doesn't mean the same thing when, in many cases, the governments and the huge corporations are intermingled so heavily that public or private is more a matter of semantics than reality. If you'll excuse the sidetrack, I just want to hit on the "fire in a crowded theater" comment you made. It's frequently cited by people supportive of censorship, but it's quite an ironic choice once one learns the history of said quote. It was a comment quoted from Chief Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes (the same individual who also set legal precedent for state-driven eugenics with another oft referenced quote) in the case Schenck v. United States. And what was that case about? What was this "screaming fire in a crowded theater"? It was the analog that the government chose to use for being the same as them arresting people, under the Espionage Act, for the vile crime of handing out pamphlets encouraging people to resist the military draft. Shenck himself faced up to 30 years in prison. There could scarcely ever be a better argument against ever allowing the government the right to censor. There are many responses here, but I think one of the most relevant is that of natural monopolies. If you created a competitor that was somehow objectively superior to Facebook in every possible technical way, it would still almost certainly fail. Because Facebook's product isn't their software, but access to the billions of people using it. They are effectively doing little more than acting as a carrier for access to society. And you can't compete against that. This immediately puts massive scale social media in a very unique place. By contrast, public school libraries are anything but a monopoly. If they don't offer a book you want, there are countless other ways to get it that are no less convenient, to say nothing of the digital age and searching for 'book i want pdf.' This generalizes to other scenarios as well. At one time it was believed that private businesses out be able to restrict employment or service based on things like the race or religion of their customers/applicants. But as this started to become a more substantial issue in terms of scale, society decided otherwise. I don't get the point of being divisive on that. That quote is literally just describing corruption, which is present in all governments, though especially those in decline. Ideology has literally 0 relevance there. The past 2 years have had countless examples of such from people all across the political spectrum, and all across the world for that matter. "Rules for thee, but not for me." It's a perceptions index, carried out by a Western organization, polling almost exclusively other Western organizations, that deemed Western nations are just awesome. I am not suggesting that e.g. China is not corrupt (nor that Denmark is not awesome), but I am suggesting that it's as objective as poll of Eastern organizations on the same question - which is to say, not at all. The unfortunate thing is that corruption is in many cases all but impossible to prove or quantify. And in some cases there is a mixture of corruption and genuine interest. As one example a war that furthers national interests, but also ensures rich rewards for companies of which you will receive returns from (indirect or otherwise) ends up in a balancing act of trying to measure immeasurables - perceived self interest vs perceived national interested. Take the past centuries and try to find 80 years where trust in the powers that be would have been optimal, contrasted against endless skepticism, cynicism and general distrust. And there's no reason to think this trend is changing; a strong argument could made that it's trending worse. The point I make with this is that if we view things through the lens of being 'hard' vs being 'soft', then the worst case outcome of being 'hard' is relatively miniscule - looking a genuine gift horse in the mouth may cost one a 'gift.' By contrast the consequences of being 'soft' can be extreme. To run with the same analogy - happily opening your gates to that beautiful wooden horse from Troy. What a gift! The reason I use 80 years as the metric is because that is, more or less, the time before we get to discover the answer to that final question. And you never know whether you're in a good time, or a bad time. The bad guys don't simply announce "Hey guys. I'm evil. Let's go do evil things to those other guys under farcical rationale, because it sounds like a good thing to do. Who's with me!?" So all one can do is optimize for your entire life, or whatever remains of it. It also would not have been chivalrous to kill an opponent who yielded, so the only ones dying are those who were killed in short order on the battle field, or those who refused to yield in hopeless circumstance. Without commenting on the claims, it's interesting to consider how times have changed. Microsoft originally lost an antitrust lawsuit [1] over little more than tying Internet Explorer into their OS and not readily including alternatives. They not only lost that case, but the initial judgement was that the company was to be broken up. Microsoft started spending dramatically more money on "lobbying" following that. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_v._Microsoft_Cor... . This directly contradicts nearly everything that was stated by Snowden, where his identity is not only known and affirmed, but also came with extensive documentation affirming, more or less, everything he said. For one such example, here's a fun manual from the NSA on spying on Skype in realtime [1]. It even comes with a handy Q&A technical FAQ like ensuring you can also get the chat of the person the target is speaking to, or why you might receive multiple copies of one message (a target that is synching on another device has all of that data forwarded onto the NSA as well, so you get repeat messages). Quite user friendly! I'd love to see the UI. --- Incidentally, I'm not saying you're lying. The reality is that most of government is just bureaucracy. The NSA has tens of thousands of employees, a budget in the tens of billions of dollars, and their fingers in everything all the way down to World of Warcraft. [2] The guy tasked with spying on elves and death knights (which, shockingly, never turned up anything) is going to have a different view of the agency than the guy who is doing things like spying on people's Skype conversations, or the person who is producing the metadata upon which people end up being killed. [1] - https://grid.glendon.yorku.ca/items/show/74 [2] - https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/the-nsa-was-spying... Chess is a primarily mental competition, but players at the top of the world tend to hit their peak at around 35 years old. Players can continue playing at an exceptionally high level until the end of their life, but on average there is a gradual downward slide from that peak. Magnus Carlsen, the current world champ and arguably strongest player of all time, has decided to simply stop defending his title (held since 2013) at the age of 31. I think something that tech and chess may have in common as well is the ever-shifting grounds. Electrical engineering of today is not dramatically different than electrical engineering of yesterday. But programming (depending on the domain) is quite different today than yesterday. This is going to result in an age bias because at some point you start to simply become jaded learning 'Incremental, overhyped, and not strictly necessary new trendy framework/language [that nobody will be using in 10 years] #2,743.' For a man that loves winning and competing as much as Magnus I find it difficult to imagine he wouldn't be playing if he felt himself a significant favorite. His last opponent is a character with a well deserved reputation for implosion. He was playing no less worse than Magnus for 6 games, in a 12 game match. He then lost a single hard fought game and did his thing, blowing up and losing 3 of the next 5 games with abysmal (by his standards) play. That could happen again, but I think it unlikely and I'd say Magnus does as well. Nepo seems to have improved his mental game, and has been in great form as well - having just dominated a very strong field in the candidates with the highest score in modern times. Carlsen is very strong, but his title defenses have never really reflected that - ironically with the most recent exception. In the two defenses prior, he only managed to draw the classical section and relied on tiebreaks. His defeat is all but inevitable, and I think he wanted to go out undefeated. I think the one opponent he was hoping to be able to play against was Alireza Firouzja. Alireza is young and will probably become a world champion contender at some point. But Magnus would have been able to count on Alireza collapsing under the unique pressures of a world championship match and let Magnus then go out on top having undefeated having defeated champions from 3 generations. Instead Alireza collapsed at the candidates, scoring less than 50% in spite of being the (at the time) 2nd highest rated player in the world. These sort of comparisons are rarely meaningful, of the way you seek to imply: We have software that can beat any human at calculating partial differential equations. We don't have software that can beat even a mediocre cat-picture-identifier at identifying cats. It's easy to say it's an excuse without considering the world today. Saudi Arabia could easily grind the entire world's economy to a halt if they so desired. China could do even worse. And Russia is already demonstrating what they can do. And these are just the well known examples. Look to essentially any field (perhaps rare Earth metals, especially those involved in electric components) and it's the same story. The entire idea of an advanced or post-industrial economy is largely a facade. Absolutely everything we ultimately consume and use is dependent upon the most basic of skills, labor, and resources - the sort that 'advanced' economies strive to outsource as much as possible to 'developing' economies. But of course this doesn't change the fact that said skills/labor/resources are still the true backbone of your economy. Instead you've simply inverted a power relationship and become completely dependent upon those nations with said 'developing' economies. Think about what you are saying when framed in the most cynical fashion. 'How is basing my opinion of an idea, not on what is said but instead on my opinion of the speaker, a sign of immaturity.' The claim to signal to noise is little more than a high brow ad hominem, rather than an actual rationale. And similarly your choice of adjective of "rational", is little more than begging the question. Of course this is not taking your words in good faith, but it's also not straw manning you. Consider a slot machine company simply deploying an A/B test on the literal bells and whistles of their latest one armed bandit. They find that one setup increased any-word-except-addiction to a higher degree than the other, and so went with it. Would you consider this a social experiment? I ask because I am trying to understand where your objection is coming from. And if you would consider the above a social experiment, might it not simply be desensitization? A/B testing has become a somewhat regular part of 'engagement optimization strategies' at many companies which sounds perfectly vanilla, yet in many cases engagement is just the software word of choice in the above fill-in-the-blank. The study is carried out by the National Fertility Survey. Declining fertility rates drive immense problems in societies, and Japan is at the forefront of this because of both their age and fertility rates. Relationships are important on a micro scale. Fertility is absolutely critical on a macro scale. The numbers are extremely counter-intuitive because we live far longer than we're fertile. Imagine we have a society that starts with 100 newborns with a fertility rate of 1, in a world where everybody gives birth at 20 and dies at 80. To make this 'sim' slightly more realistic, I'm also going to add in some filler population in year 0 with the assumption of a 6 fertility rate. Incidentally this is exactly the case for South Korea which went from greater than 6 to less than 1 in an incredibly brief period of time: --- (148) Year 0: 4 sixties, 11 forties, 33 twenties, 100 newborns (194) Year 20: 11 sixties, 33 forties, 100 twenties, 50 newborns (208) Year 40: 33 sixties, 100 forties, 50 twenties, 25 newborns (187) Year 60: 100 sixties, 50 forties, 25 twenties, 12 newborns (93) Year 80: 50 sixties, 25 forties, 12 twenties, 6 newborns (46) Year 100: 25 sixties, 12 forties, 6 twenties, 3 newborns (23) Year 120: 12 sixties, 6 forties, 3 twenties, 1 newborn --- In spite of having an extinction level fertility rate, everything just seems perfectly peachy at first. The initial population is even seeing some very healthy increases over decades. As the high fertility group starts to die the growth sputters, but it seems less than catastrophic. But then when the generation that's failed to replace itself starts dying, it's like a bomb goes off. Suddenly the population is getting chopped in half every 20 years to say nothing of a large elder population now being supported by a smaller than ever youth population. In South Korea (and most of the world, including the US) the key initial inflection is between 1960 and 1980 where they went from greater than 6, to less than 2 fertility, which is now less than 1. So their 'great dying' event will start sometime around 2060. So far away, yet also so predictable - and with 0 doubt of its certainty unless something changes dramatically now. And that seems unlikely. I see China's soft power quite a bit differently. China has an increasingly large presence throughout all of Asia. There are obviously the government initiatives but in many ways the non-governmental stuff is far more visible. 1.4 billion people + rapidly growing middle class = Chinese are absolutely everywhere. Chinese tourists are playing an increasingly large role in the economies of nations throughout Asia, even including Japan with whom China has poor relations. There are also large numbers of students from China that are living/studying abroad (Gaokao), and so on. This is all creating an increasing intermingling of cultures and economies that's improving relations in a meaningful way. It's easy to discount this sort of stuff, but I think it is what really changes the world in the longterm. When people themselves are able to change their own views gradually over time, without effort at "directing" them, those resultant views tend to be quite difficult to ever change. It's in this domain that we were once unrivaled. Wow, I was about to argue against this 'unfairly cynical' take, but it's completely correct. --- (2015) OpenAI's original "Introducing OpenAI Post" : https://openai.com/blog/introducing-openai/ : "As a non-profit, our aim is to build value for everyone rather than shareholders. Researchers will be strongly encouraged to publish their work, whether as papers, blog posts, or code, and our patents (if any) will be shared with the world. We’ll freely collaborate with others across many institutions and expect to work with companies to research and deploy new technologies." (2018) OpenAI's "Charter" : https://openai.com/charter/ : "We are concerned about late-stage AGI development becoming a competitive race without time for adequate safety precautions. Therefore, if a value-aligned, safety-conscious project comes close to building AGI before we do, we commit to stop competing with and start assisting this project." "We are committed to providing public goods that help society navigate the path to AGI. Today this includes publishing most of our AI research, but we expect that safety and security concerns will reduce our traditional publishing in the future, while increasing the importance of sharing safety, policy, and standards research." --- Provides some interesting context to the fact that Elon left the company's board in February 2018 over "disagreements about the company's development." I had a positive experience with Linq2db: https://github.com/linq2db/linq2db I mention because I had something of the opposite experience with it. It not only ended up yielding the correct queries, but I saw a significant increase in performance. And the neat thing about it, beyond ORM and linq-to-sql, is a common interface amongst providers - so you can do things like swap from SQLite to Postgres with 1 line* of code, so long as you're not using provider specific extensions. That's pretty easy to define. An addiction is something that you want or feel you should quit or tone down, but don't have the self discipline to do. A hobby, even an obsession, is not an addiction. And similarly it's entirely possible to become addicted to "productive" things, like work. The Bezos-like individuals who have no lack of money yet still work relentlessly, even to the detriment of the other factors in their life, are a dime a dozen. And a person of his sort saying he wishes he could work less hard would be seen as little other than a humble brag, even if he may mean it absolute and desperate earnestness. And getting slightly philosophical for a moment, I doubt there's anybody on their deathbed that would regret spending as much time as they did doing the things that they enjoyed, unless those things started to themselves cause even greater problems. And a playtime alone does nothing to inform one as to the chances of the latter. For some, 5 hours a week might start causing problems - for others 60 hours a week would be perfectly fine. If even a fraction of what many are predicting comes to transpire over the next few months, then you can likely change 2008 to 1929. It makes one wonder what the software world would like if the whole notion of 'premature optimization is the root of all evil' never existed. Because that advice, well intentioned and perfectly reasonable when applied thoughtfully, gradually morphed into 'optimization is the root of all evil' contributing to this ongoing race between computers speeding up and software slowing down. And that's a scenario which a cynic would observe was almost certainly anything but undesired by the top players on either side. It's much easier to require what would be considered a supercomputer not long ago, to run a word processor, than it is to create scenarios where such power is meaningfully applied in a mass market product. Microsoft was one of the first companies to sign up for PRISM [1], doing so in 2007. I think there's a subconscious feel among many that because the media stopped reporting on these things, that it stopped happening. PRISM never ended, and almost certainly has only expanded and grown even more invasive and brazen largely owing society's apathy towards what Snowden revealed. Literally to this day one can read things like the NSA manual for using their software that enables real-time absolute surveillance of Skype: "User's Guide For PRISM Skype Collection." [2] The idea of any degree of privacy from any tech company hosted in America is a lie. The main difference with China is that we lie about our surveillance state, and force companies to lie about it, while China openly advertises theirs. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PRISM [2] - https://www.aclu.org/sites/default/files/field_document/Guid... Brave is 100% open source: https://github.com/brave/ Normally this might just be a platitude of the sort, "Go check it for yourself." But in this case that's not what I'm saying. Brave is going to be used by large numbers of tech focused users with a privacy/security bent. And they are also competing against Google who will make sure even the slightest slip by Brave is promoted across the entirety of the web. That code is scrutinized heavily. That the worst you can find about Brave is people making false statements about crypto stuff (it is entirely optional and opt-in with 0 coercion or dark patterns to push you there) speaks incredibly highly as to the current state of the Browser. Might that change in the future, as you seem to be suggesting? Yip! And when it does there will be a new Brave. But for now they continue to stay on an excellent path forward. I would say that the most fundamental core of science is based upon exactly two things: - Novel predictions : Predictions of things (the more the better) that would not be expected to happen normally (and the more unlikely the better), but would happen only (or as close to "only" as possible) if your hypothesis is correct. The sun rising again tomorrow is not a prediction, but the sun not rising tomorrow most certainly would be! - Falsifiability : A hypothesis needs to be able to be falsified, by which it can be safely assumed to be wrong. This is most often simply a failure of the novel predictions to emerge, but the more failure conditions for your hypothesis - the "stronger" it becomes. --- The path to get there and anything beyond that is largely inconsequential. For instance, much of Einstein's work for instance was largely driven by simply 'thinking it up.' When publishing his most fundamental works, he had absolutely no access to any unique resources, knowledge, or ability to carry out significant studies. He was working in a patent office as a low level inspector! Maybe if you squint hard enough, you might claim what he did was a scientific case study. On the other hand, there are also the more common contemporary "case studies" of the sort of where you run a quick survey on Amazon Turk and then make grand, largely unfalsifiable, claims based solely on that with 0 meaningful predictive value. I would not call that science. I'm not understanding where or what he's basing his statements on? This seems to be the bill he's referencing: https://www.congress.gov/bill/117th-congress/senate-bill/228 It's extremely short and can be easily read, it's a fraction as long as the article. The bill seems to do nothing except change various filing fees, and give ~half a billion to the FTC and DoJ Antitrust Division. I base this on the text of the bill as well as the bill's description itself: "This bill modifies and expands the schedule for graduated merger filing fees and requires that such fees be adjusted each year based on the Consumer Price Index." Elaborating on this, there is a passage quoted in the article from the most common text on "anti-racism" : "The only remedy to racist discrimination is antiracist discrimination. The only remedy to past discrimination is present discrimination. The only remedy to present discrimination is future discrimination." The consequences of this are easy to illustrate in orchestras. Orchestras have always been heavily dominated by white and Asian musicians. When it was argued that this was due to discrimination in hiring, the solution was quite simple and tasteful - swap to blind auditions. And that is something few would oppose. So they did. The problem is that not only did it fail to create more diverse orchestras, in many cases they became even less diverse than they were prior. So now the 'anti-racist' view is that orchestras need to begin being racist against white and Asian applicants, and start biasing selection by race. [1] Groups that disproportionately overperform become acceptable targets for racism. Incidentally this is not entirely different than the motivation for some of the darkest moments in our history. Alas people never seem to appreciate that the "evil" groups in times past never saw themselves as evil, but simply as people engaging in temporarily distasteful action for a greater future. That greater future never comes, but the distasteful actions certainly do. Of course, "this time it'll be different." [1] - https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/16/arts/music/blind-audition... As an aside about GPUs, things have changed a lot over the years. In the early 2000s games were being released that were impossible to run on high settings with current hardware, and your hardware was outdated after 3 months and obsolete after a year. Today An RX580 (released in 2017) can be had for $100-$200 and is enough to comfortably run any modern game at quite nice settings. It's been a while since I looked as well, it's entirely possible the Ethereum swap is pushing card prices down even lower. You only need the silly priced cards if you want to do something like play games on maxed out settings in 4k at a locked 120fps. They've been selling them at profit since the middle of last year [1], following the trend set the previous gen of consoles making profit on hardware in less than a year. Things in gaming, both in terms of prices and how consoles approach the business, has changed quite radically in the past ~decade. [1] - https://www.pcmag.com/news/sony-says-499-ps5-no-longer-sells... That's nominal, severely outdated, and severely misleading. Ireland is the third richest [1] country in the world on paper as far as GDP/capita PPP measures, while in reality the household income/capita is a small fraction of that. The reason their GDP is so high is that hundreds of multinationals (including Google, Facebook, Apple, etc) filter large sums of money through Ireland in tax avoidance schemes. It's one of the best examples of how GDP is a very silly metric. Incidentally, it's also the only country in the EU with a higher GDP/capita than the US. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(PPP)... Cheat detection isn't done by only by move analysis, but by an extensive profiling of a person and games based on many factors beyond even just the moves. For instance one of the easiest ways to catch a weak player cheating is move times. Such a player will have no idea whether a move is trivial or works only due to an exceptionally precise and lengthy series of counter-intuitive calculations that no human could do without a significant think. And so they'll tend to rely both in approximately the same amount of time. Even during the Carlsen-Niemann game it was meta-factors that initially clued Carlsen in. Niemann was playing without any significant effort or tension, in spite of playing in a game where he was outplaying the world champion. And after the game he was unable to explain his own ideas, proposed ideas that were simply losing, referenced games that did not exist, and was generally (relative to the class of player here) clueless. None of that final section is definitive proof of cheating to say the least, but it helps create a probabilistic profile of a player (and a game). The point of this is that even a computer that played human-like (which I would argue will not happen for the distantly foreseeable future), would be just one factor among many in busting cheaters. I expect this is why Magnus was also initially reluctant to directly accuse him of cheating. He felt he was cheating based on the meta-factors and probably got folks more capable than himself to evaluate the technical factors, and when that also came up as a redflag - yeah, the dude's a cheater. With good authors, I would always keep metaphor in mind. In the case of The Road, I think what you're hitting on arguably the single most critical question the book asks: do we cooperate because we're benevolent, or do we cooperate because we're selfish and cooperation furthers our own interests? When working together is clearly beneficial, not cooperating is simply illogical. But what happens when cooperation is not only not clearly beneficial, but may even be actively detrimental? What happens if you're starving to death, and you see a weaker man who has enough, barely enough, to feed himself approaching? And that is all there is? Adding a notion of a child, of the future itself, into the picture makes it all the more difficult. Let's take two hypothetical scenarios: --- 1) We maintain our current diversity of thought, race, views, and all other things - but we have an infinite and homogeneous world that stretches out, in identical fashion, in every direction endlessly. 2) We have the world the same as we're in, but everybody is literally identical. To the point that we're effectively 8 billion twins with an identical upbringing. --- In which scenario do you think there would be less war? To me this feels nearly like a rhetorical question, but it may well be that we simply see things very differently! I think this is a similar scenario that emerges in many aspects of life, and in nearly every aspect of life. It's also formalized in game theory. In game theory there are exploitative solutions that focus on achieving the most optimal best case scenario (you picked rock 100 times in a row, I'm going to pick paper), and game theory optimal solutions that focus on achieving the least awful worst case scenario (you picked rock 100 times in a row, but I'm still going to pick my choice randomly because otherwise you could predict I'm going to pick paper, suddenly swap to scissors, and exploit me). When things are going optimally, the exploitative solution will dramatically outperform the optimal. But when things are going poorly, the optimal will even more dramatically outperform the exploitative. So do you pick the scenario that will never do especially well but will also never do especially poorly? Or do you pick the one that can have extremes of achievement, but also extremes of failure? I suspect framed this way, few would ever pick the latter. But we humans have this annoying ability to convince ourselves of things like the failure scenario being impossible - even though history has endlessly repeated that not only is it possible, but it will happen, and generally far more quickly than one could ever imagine. I'd also add to this point: https://wtfhappenedin1971.com/ The implied causation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bretton_Woods_system Bretton Woods was a defacto global* monetary system with other currencies tied to the dollar, and the dollar convertible to gold at a fixed rate. Nixon ended it in 1971, at which point the government was unconstrained by any external forces when determining economic policy. The debt to GDP ratio in 1971 was about 35% and declining. Today it's 122%. Even before COVID it was 105% and rising. If this is not sustainable, then there will be a generation which will simultaneously be the last to benefit and first to suffer for this. Because many, and arguably most, corporations have grown too large to be sustainable owing to overly aggressive adoption of digital technologies paired alongside generous investment and financial policy that has assumed infinite growth (fueled by infinite consumption) as the goal, which is breaking down only so absurdly because we went from "We have branches in 3 different cities!" to "I have a business with a 1/3rd of the human species as my customers. Neato." rather too quickly. In less wordy words: Imagine you have 1 million customers. And 95% are satisfied per year. And 90% of those unsatisfied customers are able to be satisfied through the regular channels. These numbers don't seem awful, but at scale everything breaks. That's a total of 50,000 unsatisfied customers per year and 5,000 who are unable to achieve a satisfactory outcome through the regular channels. And that's with only with 1 million customers - practically a mom 'n pop shop by the modern mantra of growth at literally any cost. Consequently, you end up with a large number of customers who have irreconciled issues when going through the normal channels, unless you approach 100% effectiveness which will never happen - as peak possible customer satisfaction is only going to decrease in proportion to scale. So you end up in a scenario where accepting an increasingly large number of discontented customers just becomes a normal part of business at scale. But of course this will also lead to the downfall of those accepting this. Because customers, and citizens, once slighted - tend to remember it. You're absolutely right it's been going on for decades, but I think looking into that history is also telling. In 1953 Iran was a relatively secular and democratic nation that had generally positive, though flagging, relations with the West. Then their leader decided to reduce US/UK control over his country's oil assets. So of course we had to bring democracy to them. But since they already had a democracy, autocracy would have to do instead. [1] We staged a coup, overthrew their democracy, and installed an extremely unpopular puppet dictator and monarch. 26 years later in 1979 there was another revolution, except this one was carried out by the people of Iran, and not the CIA. The puppet (still ruling from 1953 interestingly) was overthrown, and in his place an Islamic theocracy was created. And since then it's invariably been headed by leaders that, for some reason, haven't been especially fond of the West - and frequently imply we're up to shenanigans. That scenario continues to this day. Ultimately I no longer really believe that we deserve the benefit of the doubt when it comes to black ops types scenarios. We've turned what should be a sort of last resort act of subterfuge into what increasingly seems to be a front-line approach to international relations. The most bizarre part is that these shenanigans never even really seem to achieve anything. Iran just being one example of going black ops to undermine one enemy, only to create one 10x more deadly, dangerous, and hostile than the former. All we really seem to be achieving is the fast-tracking of WW3. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_Iranian_coup_d%27%C3%A9ta... [2] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iranian_Revolution He is referring to the finite supply. In 1960 the entire US monetary supply (M2) was $300 billion. Today it's $22 trillion. When there's so much more money out there inflation is inevitable. Monetary velocity is the true driver, but greater supply tends to drive greater velocity. By contrast sometime around 2140 the final Bitcoin will be mined, and we're already reducing the number mined per block. Inflation can still happen for reasons besides supply, but it's generally much less probable. At the beginning of the Iraq War, and for sometime thereafter, we were led to believe that Iraq was actively developing WMD. We weren't invading a country, but saving the world from imminent catastrophe at the hands of an unhinged and crazy dictator. The proof included claims by dozens of different intelligence agencies, testimony from high level insiders in the Iraq government, surveillance photos of mobile biological weapons laboratories, definitive proof of purchase of Uranium for nuclear weapons purposes, under oath testimony, and of course endless propaganda: --- Washington Post - "Irrefutable" : https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/opinions/2003/02/06/i... NYTimes - "Irrefutable and Undeniable" : https://www.nytimes.com/2003/02/06/opinion/irrefutable-and-u... --- To imagine all of this was fabricated or based on lies would make even the most enthusiastic conspiracy theorist look at you a bit funny. These events played a major role in shaping my worldview. And what we're going through today is even more extreme. The one bright side of this is that if we can manage to avoid nuclear annihilation, I expect an even larger chunk of the population will join the jaded and cynical asshole family. It's not a pleasant worldview, but probably necessary for the survival of humanity in the age of mass media and mass weapons. I would go back to the root cause there. World War 1 ended up with Brits and Germans killing each other because a Bosnian Serb assassinated an Austro-Hungarian Royal. The Treaty of Versailles was nothing short of sadistic in the penalties it imposed on Germany which, shockingly, didn't result in Germany rejoining the modern world order (of the time) but growing to despise it even more. It is this which set the stage for the rise of a vegetarian artist who had a knack for oratory and riling up crowds. WW2 was likely necessary, but WW1 was not. And WW1 created WW2. The worst part is also always the propaganda. When WW1 was being carried out it was being framed, at the time, as 'The War to End All War.' What cause could possibly be more noble? Of course it not only didn't end all war, but even directly led to even more war. And the fundamental cause of the conflict which initially triggered the war persists to this day! Crimea is almost exclusively ethnic Russian. This [1] is from the 2013 Wiki page on Ukrainian demographics. The annexation polls in Crimea from 2014 were not fabricated or coerced, and their results were subsequently validated by numerous Western polling agencies, including Gallup [2]. That's the entire question of this war (and the one entirely absent from Western media). After the Russian leaning government in Ukraine was overthrown in 2014, those heavily Russian territories declared their independence, starting a civil war. Numerous efforts were made to resolve this were made (the Minsk accords), but went nowhere. Russia blamed Ukraine, Ukraine blamed Russia. So who gets to decide the fate of a people within an area? The people within that area, or the government with historic claims to the land of the area? That's not a rhetorical question because the traditional answer has always been the latter - generally changed only by war or collapse. But I think it's an important and fundamental one that must eventually be answered on a global scale if we ever want a peaceful world. At what scale does the right to self determination and rule begin? Obviously a household shouldn't be able to declare itself independent, but a city? County? State? Region? [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Demographics_of_U... [2] - https://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2015/03/20/one-year-a... Your comment is certainly true, but I think quite misleading to anybody who might not know the history here. The group you're referencing at the Crimean Tatars, a Turkic ethnic group, that were exiled under Stalin - with no relation to Ukraine or Ukrainians. Today more Tatars live in Crimea than before the exile. Well, at least in modern history, if we go back to times of the Ottoman Empire, things get much more complex. And Russia remains the home of the majority of Tatars today, where they remain a large ethnic minority. It's an important issue and certainly ironic, but not a direct factor in the current conflict. A slight tangent, but there's something extremely interesting on the topic of Ancient philosophers related to this Jobs' quote. Socrates wrote nothing down, to the point that some have claimed he was illiterate. And that is a possibility, though improbable. But the reason he claimed to not want to write anything down is because, in a nutshell, 'books cannot defend themselves' : words can be taken out of context, meanings misconstrued, and text made to mean what the interpreter wants to make it mean instead of what the author meant for it to mean. It's quite fortunate for the world that many of his students disagreed, but it's interesting nonetheless. The reason many economic measurements are based on year over year change (not just inflation) is seasonal trends. Numerous factors change, quite dramatically, on an annual basis. That affects not only the factor changing but many others as well. As but one example, retail business sales skyrocket in November. But that will, in turn, also impact monetary velocity, which will impact inflation, and so on. Seasonal adjustments are possible, but going year over year gives you the most meaningful data. A question for you. Imagine you're a doctor and after extensive research and your own medical experience and praxis, you conclude that, for instance, vaccination is probably a less than optimal choice for individuals under the age of 40. How comfortable would you feel publicly expressing this? One of the biggest problems when a society starts to become intolerant towards dissenting views is that consensus itself starts to become impossible, or at least meaningless. Most people don't care that much about most issues. Make it sting enough to dissent, and you'll eliminate dissent from all but those willing to choose this hill to die on. But in such a case the lack of dissent becomes meaningless. Or acceptance of difference. The underlying notion many seem to believe is that they are inherently right and so all they need to do is express their "mind-space" to somebody else, and that other person will come to feel the same. But the thing one forgets is that the other person also often feels exactly the same. And it's not even a matter of one person being right and another person being wrong. In any sort of reasonably complex topic, people can see the same data and make informed conclusions that are mutually exclusive. Seeing successful persuasion or violence as the only ends largely simplifies down to violence being the only end. Or, "The History of Humanity." The primary motivation for including individuals here seems to be academic achievement. Worldwide there are tens of millions of people with doctorates and this number is growing rapidly . A large percent of these individuals would fulfill the standard set forth here. At the time of this post the English language Wikipedia has 6,562,981 articles. The story of penicillin is an interesting one. As the first antibiotic, it's without doubt single most important medical discovery in modern times. It was discovered by Alexander Fleming in 1928. He left a number of samples of a bacteria to culture while on holiday. One of his petri dishes had been inadvertently exposed and when he returned it had grown a bluish green mold. But the interesting thing about this mold is that there was no bacteria around the areas where the mold had grown. It seemed to have repelled or killed them. He was quite excited by his discovery. But upon sharing his discovery with his colleagues they were largely dismissive. He gave a number of talks discussing the mold, where people were also universally dismissive. And he even managed to get a paper published, where you can guess the response. This isn't the end of this story of course, though it is for our purposes. It would take more than a decade but of course eventually penicillin would eventually be refined and shaped into the life saving drug that it would rapidly become. The point I want to make with this is rather evident. Had Fleming taken public views into account before expressing himself it's entirely possible we might still live in a world without antibiotics. And this story is the rule more than the exception for many of the most important discoveries in the progress of humanity. Human progress is heavily decentralized in no small part because the "right" answer often seems wrong at first, and is rarely enthusiastically adopted when it runs contrary to the views of a day. It was none other than Max Planck that remarked, "science progresses one funeral at a time", precisely because of this. There is no formal linking structure in many, if not most cases. Ctrl+V is the weapon of choice of many a programmer. To say nothing of somebody then adding superficial changes to the code to, for instance, fit their personal style or adapt it into their project. And then of course on top of it, Github is not the alpha and omega of code. The original code have been published anywhere, or even nowhere in a case such as theft. Then there's also parallel discovery. People frequently come to the same solution at roughly the same time, completely independently. And this is nothing new. For instance, who discovered calculus? Newton or Leibniz? This was a roaring controversy at the same time with both claiming credit. The reality is that they both likely discovered it, completely independently, at about the same time. And there's a whole lot more people working on stuff than than in Newton's time! There's also just parallel creation. Task enough people with creating an octree based level-of-detail system in computer graphics and you're going to get a lot of relatively lengthy code that is going to look extremely similar, in spite of the fact that it's a generally esoteric and non-trivial problem. One of the core strengths of Bitcoin is in dynamic difficulty adjustment. If there are fewer people mining then the difficulty to mine new blocks will automatically decrease, which will in turn increase the value/revenue per block. And vice versa in the case where there are more people mining. So regardless of the state of the market, you will always reach an equilibrium point where it will be profitable. The one asterisk that needs to be added here of course is that with sufficiently low difficulty, a double spend attack becomes more viable, but this is a somewhat overblown threat. It's low reward, extremely high cost, and 'easily' undone if the market so agrees. It shouldn't be ignored, because it is indeed a threat, but at the same it's also kind of a 'meh' threat. --- edit: And for those who are may not be aware. Even once the final Bitcoin is mined, miners will continue mining - something which may be counter-intuitive. Whoever mines the block will get no coins, but will get all revenue from the fees attached to whichever transactions are processed. Many people seem to believe that lab leaks are exceptionally rare: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_laboratory_biosecurity... That page offers "only" dozens of examples in recent times, but that is certainly going to be non-exhaustive and the potential magnitude of impact of a single of these incidents is difficult to overstate. Notably while the biosafety levels for each leak are not stated, at least two came from BSL-4 labs - the highest safety standard there is. One of the most informative and interesting things one can do to help evaluate the statements being made today from a site are to test the statements made in months past, and see how it panned out. Here is the archive for The Economist. [1] Of course past failure or success doesn't really mean the same will continue, but it at least gives a broad indicator that's much better than nothing. The war began on February 24th. [1] - https://web.archive.org/web/20220000000000*/https://www.econ... Or the "Iraq doesn't have WMD" of our day. I had a less than positive impression of this trailer, while simultaneously acknowledging that on objective merit it surely deserves a quite positive impression. And I think there's a very specific reason for this! The uncanny valley [1] is caused by things looking realistic, but not quite right. But the important thing is that in many this often causes a sense of discomfort or even revulsion. This scene in particular is aiming for realism in an everyday scene, and likely relying heavily on photogrammetry (which makes it look even more realistic). But it's far from perfect. And so some may be able to simply appreciate it as a step forward in technical achievement, but for others it's going to be triggering uncanny valley effects. I suspect this may be a driving factor in the negative responses. If this is the case this is going to be a major bottle-neck for graphics going forward. Even something as small as a character's eyes being in some indescribable way 'off' can trigger uncanny valley effects. So there's a long road ahead to trying to overcome the uncanny valley, but one where each step forward may not be able to be appreciated for the technical progress that is. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley The scenarios shown in the simulations were only using a tiny percent of each country's entire arsenal, the final fireworks being caused by 150-300 nukes. And that also didn't even speculate on new developments, such as 'typhoon nukes.' A tiny fraction of nuclear war is enough to completely end modern civilization. Unrestrained nuclear war is enough to end civilization. People, in general, want what's good for people, in general. Defense contractors want what's good for defense contractors. The two in many, if not the majority, of cases are not aligned. "Defense" contractors benefit from war while society, in the vast majority of cases, loses. Of course that's where the media comes into play. Invading Iraq on nonexistent evidence was actually 'saving the world from the imminent threat of an unhinged dictator actively developing WMD with the intent of using them, alongside endless irrefutable evidence.' The Iraq War, and especially the following two articles, played a major role in developing my worldview. I still return to read them on occasion. This is why you don't want media backed by the war machine: Washington Post - "Irrefutable" : https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/opinions/2003/02/06/i... NYTimes - "Irrefutable and Undeniable" : https://www.nytimes.com/2003/02/06/opinion/irrefutable-and-u... That quote from the article (50% missiles stopped means 50% fewer dead) is simply false. It simply means that more missiles will be launched towards each destination. The fact that this requires more missiles is inconsequential given the number of premium targets relative to the number of missiles known to be available. There are far fewer premium targets than nukes. Imagine the effects of just a single well placed nukes in NYC, LA, San Francisco, and Chicago. 4 nukes expended, 5,973 remaining. Now enter in 50% effective shields, thus requiring an average of 2 nukes. Now, it requires twice the nukes so there's only 5,969 remaining. Very comforting. Theoretical or practical? Perfect offense is never going to be fundamentally different than what we have today - any countries involved will be irreconcilably reduced to ash. Perfect defense? The reason the world has not had major open war between developed powers since 1945 is not because we've somehow grown enlightened or moved beyond war, it's because of the above. It's the same reason the Cold War isn't called World War 3. Nukes removed any sort of win condition in war. Perfect defense enables the return of win conditions, and the end of peace. That's the theory. But in practice one could reasonably claim that ever more irrational and unwise individuals seem to be making their way into positions of power. And in this scenario, nuclear war will happen. The only question is one of when. And so here obsession on defense, regardless of its cost, would probably be the optimal route. Both views seem quite reasonable to me. I was thinking the same about widespread trucking jobs 5 years ago. There's a recurring theme in neural networks. You can go from nothing to 90% in a year. And it's amazing. That naturally leads you to believe that perfection is little more than a bit more compute and a bit more massaging the data. Then over the next year you manage to get to 95%, further affirming your beliefs. But from then on every single fraction of a percent becomes exponentially more difficult. And it soon becomes clear that there's an apparently insurmountable asymptote long before you get anywhere near 100%. There are more trucking jobs than ever today. I was curious about traffic stats in regards to your statement. Reddit used to provide monthly traffic figures an various other data at https://www.reddit.com/about/ . That now redirects to some low-content page with obfuscated numbers that haven't been updated in 2 years. And it's not for lack of updating. The one thing I did learn from that page is that they just hired a new VP of UX, yesterday. One of the most interesting things in all of history to me is the longevity in Ancient Greece. Look up nearly any Ancient Greek one is aware of and you'll find life lengths not especially different than modern times. A study of 'Ancient Greeks of Note' [1] found an average life expectance of a bit more than 71 years. The obvious explanation for this is a survivorship bias, but the vast majority of these Greeks made their way into the history books many decades before their deaths. I don't find the class issue relevant (beyond of course agreeing that poor Greeks would have had shorter lifespans) since all the money in the world couldn't buy one a single dose of penicillin. [1] - https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18359748/ That's referring to an Indian man, not this individual. Interesting story nonetheless. It's not so simple there. To take it to extremes somebody who had literally perfect hygiene (to the point that he was exposed to 0 unintended bacteria/viruses/etc) would undoubtedly become gravely ill, and very possibly die, once being introduced into society at large. Our bodies are extremely adaptive. A common example of this would be travel. If you move to an area with looser standards of food handling/preparation, then you're probably going to get sick - and possibly quite sick. Repeatedly. Then eventually your body will get used to it, and you'll find yourself able to comfortably eat just about anything. So there's going to be some sort of a bell curve. Too much hygiene is bad for you. Too little hygiene is bad for you. There's some sweet spot that optimizes strengthening your body without over stressing it. In Ancient Greece one of my favorite little tales is a toilet one. Toilet paper, of course, did not exist. And so the Greeks used sponges, often on a short stick. And these sponges would be cleaned by swirling them about in as bit of water, or for the fancy toilets - a bit of vinegar. They had communal butt brushes in other words. And there are many other issues of similar effect. Many of the hygienic practices that we now generally believe are intuitive, were anything but. For instance the idea that doctors should wash their hands before examining patients or even doing surgery was simply unknown all the way up until the 19th century [1]. Incidentally, while a basic germ theory was proposed in the 16th century, it wasn't until the 19th that it would come to be accepted as valid. [1] - https://www.history.com/news/hand-washing-disease-infection The etymology of vaccine comes from vacca, which is Latin for cow. Vaccines were originally discovered after finding that milkmaids seemed somehow immune to smallpox, which otherwise not only made people gravely ill but had a mortality rate upwards of 30%. The reason, it was discovered, is that they were regularly exposed to cowpox which sufficiently strengthened their immune systems to provide effective immunity to smallpox. And thus the field was born. Herd immunity does not make vaccines work better, but is a tertiary effect whereby unvaccinated individuals can receive effective protection simply by living in an area with a high vaccination rate. In extreme cases (such as with smallpox) diseases can even be completely eliminated, but this requires extremely effective vaccines that prevent infection and spread, vaccines that are robust against mutations, and diseases that are unlikely to be able to exist without humans. None of these factors apply to COVID or the vaccines developed for it. Imagine, for a minute, that it was a crime for a politician to try to pass unlawful laws. That would, sooner or later, be abused by the group with political control to effectively criminalize opposition. Declare their opponents' efforts unlawful, convict them, and they're out of the way. You have to consider not only the effects of nominal usage, but also the effects of abuse. In this case, they're extreme. The entire point is that a smallpox vaccine does provide genuine immunity from smallpox to the point that was so apparent that we could casually observe even the tiniest micro-population (milkmaids) were somehow just completely immune. They didn't get it, they didn't spread it, and their immunity didn't just disappear in a few months or because of a slight genetic variation. And, also critically, there is no non-human transmission vector for smallpox. It travels exclusively between humans, contrasted against COVID which thrives in both human and animal populations. So if you were unvaccinated and spent all your time around milkmaids - you would not become infected, because there was no vector for the disease to get to you. If 90% of your company were milkmaids, you may get it if one of the other unvaccinated was infected, but the odds would be reduced. This is what herd immunity refers to. You can observe the effects of 'herd immunity' with the current COVID vaccines in places such as Gibraltar. They achieved greater than 100% vaccination rates, and early on, by vaccinating not only their entire population, but even a large number of migrant workers. They ended up with a death rate of 3,204 per million contrasted against 3,266 for the US. And their infection rate was one of the highest in the world at nearly 60%, but that was probably more so due to extensive testing than greater susceptibility. Another example is reading and language in general. You're parsing this statement dramatically faster than you would if you tried to actually consciously think about each word in this statement. And the really cool thing is that your subconscious pattern recognition is dynamic and robust. You can even fluently comprehend rndm abrvs adn tpyos wthot any efrt. Speech is similar. By far one of the coolest little experiences you get when learning a foreign language (that's outside your language family) is when speech that is completely incomprehensible, as in you can't even make out words or separations, somehow one day just 'clicks' and becomes a series of mostly unknown but distinct and recognizable phonemes. One wonders if the effect you're describing isn't the reason that self-directed entrepreneurship seems to be on a sharp decline in the developed world. Believe the media, let alone the internet, and one would imagine we have 8 year olds building nuclear reactors and curing cancer, in their basements. So how can this hare brained scheme you have ever possibly work? Surely somebody else would have done it by now. https://wtfhappenedin1971.com/ There's another critical date: 1971. That was the year that Nixon ended the Bretton Woods System. [1] Bretton Woods was a defacto global* monetary system. Other currencies were pegged to the dollar and the dollar was convertible to gold at a fixed rate. This created a sort of soft backing to the dollar. After it ended the final constraint the 'government printing' (this is not an entirely accurate description of the process, but close enough for practical purposes) infinite money became a viable option; one which they have vigorously pursued since. The above link offers a number of fun graphs demonstrating the changes revolving about that date. When a federal government can go tens of trillions of dollars in debt, that absolutely destroys any sort of economic normalcy. Because they can offer what's, from their perspective, monopoly money for real services while the rest of the economy is forced to use real money. This applies not only to businesses, but also states - which are constrained by financial realities. I suspect when this current system we've created blows up, it's going to make 1929 look like a bull market. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bretton_Woods_system That is what I was referring to. Building a fusor is not a demonstration of genius so much as it is a demonstration of resources. You need thousands of dollars in parts (at least as his was built) and a significant degree of knowledge about safely managing radioactivity and handling electrical components carrying lethal levels of voltage. None of this is obtained from genius, but from a father who's experienced in such and most likely an engineer. And I think this is why these sort of tales never have the implied follow through. The unstated implication is '12 year old builds nuclear reactor in toy room' is 'imagine what he'll be doing in 5 years!' And, the answer? Shit posting on Twitter, getting political, and trying to make a AR/VR startup. Not exactly the Atlas upon which the world can comfortably thrust all of their hopes and expectations upon. And nobody is. Ramanujan [1] was a once in a millennia level of genuine abnormal genius, and he dedicated his entire life to a single pursuit. Yet even that mammoth of a man could but scratch the surface of that which is out there. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Srinivasa_Ramanujan I think a big problem with Witcher 1 is that its vision for combat was relatively novel and not well presented. In the lore it's emphasized that fighting is supposed to be a sort of graceful dance and so the combat tries to mimic that. The combat is much more like a bemani (beat/music type game) game than an action RPG, even though it looks nothing like the former and everything like the latter. Once you 'get' this, everything makes way more sense, the game flows, and it becomes really quite fun. I played it when it first came out. I didn't get it, and quit before beating the first chapter. I later replayed it, got it, and ended up playing through it multiple times on max difficulty. Everything is. The balance between stay and remain within EU is not especially weighted towards remain in an increasing number of countries. The EU deciding to take any sort of a meaningful stance against free speech or free expression is, IMO, much more likely to push those still in the middle more towards leaving the EU than it is to push them towards remaining. It's an irrelevant act on its own weight, but there always comes a straw that breaks the camel's back. Now is just such an absurdly horrible time to do something that might agitate. Here's the article: https://babylonbee.com/news/the-babylon-bees-man-of-the-year... There's also a lot more history as well. Elon has done a [serious] interview with the Babylon Bee before [1] and also propped them on Twitter [2]. When they were banned he contacted the head of the site to confirm they had been suspended, and even mentioned to him that he might have to buy the site to fix their behaviors. [3] That was just before he ran the poll on Twitter, seeing whether people viewed the site as supporting free speech or not. [4] [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvGnw1sHh9M [2] - https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1331698780073320449 [3] - https://twitter.com/SethDillon/status/1511325246967660547 [4] - https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1507259709224632344 This is the article they were indefinitely suspended for posting: https://babylonbee.com/news/the-babylon-bees-man-of-the-year... That's only "targeted harassment" when redefining words in an arbitrary and disingenuous fashion. The article is not even especially mean hearted, let alone "targeted harassment." And then factor in the fact that the subject is a high ranking and public political figure on top of all of this. Abstractly, a planet is just a really really big starship. With technological advances, we could even eventually theoretically move planets. So phrased in another way, why would one choose to live their entire life in a small starship instead of a big one? The bigger one is the lack of any consequences whatsoever. For instance, do something that leads to the death of another person, even unintentionally, and you may find yourself behind bars for some significant period of time. Do it as a corporation, even on a large scale, and you'll generally suffer little more than a fine that is generally no more than a few days of yearly revenue, and of course zero consequences for the executives who in many cases are directly culpable - frequently making decisions consciously prioritizing short-term profit over all, including safety. Boeing being the contemporary poster child. Fun historic footnote on that as well. After China tried to enforce their ban on opium trade, Britain declared war on them to try to force them to accept it. The Brits won and thereafter claimed Hong Kong as one of the spoils of war. A spoil that was returned only in 1997, after which an invisible (and on occasion not so invisible) game of tug-of-war ensued. Can't wait to read the next chapter! In many places in Asia the penalties for crime, and conditions for inmates, make American prisons look like a resort. It's frequently little more than intentional sadism. For one commonly known example in Japan death row inmates are kept in absolute solitary confinement and never told when they're too be hanged until one day a guard walks in, and they're dangling from a rope a few moments later. Imagine hearing that gate swing open and the approaching footsteps, over and over and over. It could be your next meal, or the rope. There's also greater than 80% support for capital punishment, and implicitly this system, in Japan. Yet crime rates, especially violent crime, are practically zero. And what violent crime does exist is almost entirely inter-personal (argument turns violent, deal gone bad, etc) as opposed to random. The obvious explanation for all of this is simply that people are different. And consequently, mimicking the methods of a country with a meaningfully different population is highly unlikely to result in mimicking their results. Looking at history, I'm not sure this is a reasonable argument. Vast numbers of governments have gone down this path, and not only authoritarian ones. Yet there's no need for a 'bad' government to rely on the death penalty or whatever else. Disappearing people is the normal method operandi. It's faster and reduces the chances of somebody becoming a martyr. And incidentally, indefinite detention without trial or representation, of US citizens, was legalized in 2012 [1]. An initial legal case against it managed to obtain a permanent injunction against indefinitely detaining US citizens. That victory was tossed out by a higher court who ruled that the plaintiffs lacked the standing for a preemptive challenge to the law. So they need to be indefinitely detained, then when released (if ever) they might be allowed to challenge the constitutionality of the law. Great system. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Defense_Authorization... Read the post I was responding to. The author hypothesized that "revenge seeking" is why US legal system has worse social outcomes than Europe. Yet "Asia" (and by this I include a large number of countries) is revenge seeking embodied and has significantly better social outcomes than Europe. So the hypothesis seems unlikely to be valid. I have a reason to think such! The "obvious" target would be things like our nuclear resources, to try to create a win condition. But in most cases this would just be wasting weapons. Those facilities, as well as ones such as where our politicians will go hide while society dies for their decisions, are designed to withstand direct nuclear impacts. The goal of nuclear war, absent any chance for a realistic "win" conditions it to ensure that absolute destruction of the opposing country - beyond the ability to ever rebuild to a comparable relative strength. Our nuke targets from during the Cold War have been declassified [1], and it's likely that the Soviet Union's were similarly themed: population, industry, economic, medical. There's an extremely strong overlap between those areas and data centers. In any case this is also all slightly tangential. One of the first things that will happen during WW3 is the widescale mutual destruction of satellites in the sky, for both offensive and defensive measures. [1] - https://nsarchive2.gwu.edu/nukevault/ebb538-Cold-War-Nuclear... This [1] is something people should be more aware of. Those are our declassified nuclear targets from the Cold War. The Soviet Union's (and now Russia's) are almost certainly of a similar theme. While military targets did play a significant role, major targets included population, economic, industrial, and even medical infrastructure. What military targets there were would be significantly reduced today. We were targeting military targets, not to target their military - but to try to destroy their means of nuclear delivery (bombers). Today in the ICBM era, that means of delivery is largely nuclear fortified silos spread far out and in the middle of nowhere. Poor targets. Nuclear war isn't about defeating the enemy, it's about destroying them. If Russia nuked 100 military targets today, then tomorrow there'd be 20 million Americans looking to enlist, and every single aspect of manufacturing we have domestically or can influence abroad would be directed towards rebuilding at an unprecedented rate. The way you overcome this is by focusing on that rebuilding: population, industry, economy, and even medical. You probably have a much better chance of surviving a nuclear war if you live out in the middle of nowhere, even beside a nuclear silo, than you do living in a common population center. Though with the goal of destruction, even that may be insufficient since there's no reason to expect things like salted bombs [2] or other doomsday type weaponry would not come into play. [1] - https://nsarchive2.gwu.edu/nukevault/ebb538-Cold-War-Nuclear... [2] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobalt_bomb Starvation is more typically driven by organizational, infrastructure, or other tangential issues than by the lack of land. Africa is the best example. It's an absolute utopia in terms of the resources needed for survival, a simply beautiful land in general, and home to the highest rates of starvation in the world. It's those tangential problems that are causing it. And these tangential issues would emerge in spades after nuclear war. For instance one of the most basic is logistics. Think about how insanely much is just involved in getting an ear of corn from a farm to you. At the most fundamental you're relying on machinery, drivers, oil, gas, refineries, roads infrastructure, food processing infrastructure and a whole lot more - before that ear of corn is anywhere near you. And then there needs to be a means of distribution, and more. Our entire economy came on the verge of collapse because of COVID, and nuclear war would have an impact with so many orders of magnitude greater than COVID that I think even dreaming of anything even vaguely resembling normalcy afterwards is unrealistic. Violence happens after disasters when the food runs out. In practical disasters that tends to not happen due to rapid aid, delivery, support, and organization. In nuclear war, the food will run out. The latter statement may have been written/edited by somebody who did not understand what he was reading, because it's all consistent if you know one esoteric bit of knowledge: the destructive power of a nuke is proportional to the cubic root of its yield. This makes sense if you think about it because the volume grows in proportion to the radius cubed, so doubling the yield will do nowhere near double the damage. In other words, more small bombs does way more destruction than one big bomb if we assume the same total yield. To give a specific example, imagine dropping one 1500 kiloton bomb vs five 300 kiloton bombs. In the first scenario the destructive power would be about 11.5 units of damage. In the second example it would be 5 * 6.7 = 33.5 units - assuming no overlap. In other other words, the report assuming a small number of high yield weapons (instead of larger number of lower yield weapons - but an otherwise comparable total yield) was understating the impact of nuclear war, potentially dramatically. In other other other words - the report was being criticized for understating the impact of nuclear war in both cases. So far as we can currently understand, it seems that about 96% of the matter-energy of the universe is stuff that we cannot see, detect, or explain. Dark matter/energy. There's more than enough room for fanciful explanations. What you're saying is completely true. At the same time it's also true that tens if not hundreds of millions have died of starvation within the life of many still alive today. And the same was no less true of those individuals who undoubtedly did everything they could, and sought food absolutely everywhere they possible could. But they were looking for something which simply was not there. Sometimes human will and human ingenuity, no matter how strong or how brilliant, is insufficient to overcome a situation. And within these stories one can also see what happens to societies once normal social function starts to collapse. While this [1] article reads like a propaganda piece, the tales it recounts are neither unique nor exceptional given the situation. Of course it does feel weird to be here kind of arguing that, "Yes we will starve." I think my main point and motivation is that the consequences of what we're discussing simply cannot be overstated. There is a dangerous amount of misinformation that increasingly seems to be headed towards, 'Maybe nuclear wouldn't be 'that' bad.' Perhaps not misinformation. Because it's true that it wouldn't be 'that' bad, it'd be vastly worse. [1] - https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jan/01/china-great-fa... You care about what you have to say, and this phenomena at scale is why Twitter succeeds. The "important people" came after Twitter succeeded. And I'd argue that "their thoughts" amount to little more than a mixture self promotion, virtue signaling, and an occasional hot take. Twitter is likely more valuable to them than they are to Twitter, which is probably the driving factor behind the recent change. Validation checkmarks will now cost $20/month. Seems like a reasonable and simple idea that can quickly chip into overhead costs while, itself, having near zero overhead. A million people being verified would be a quarter billion $ gross per year. And while a million may seem like a lot, it just circles back to where we began. They're monetizing narcissism, and that's a very safe bet. One of the most interesting things to think about in this regards is the past and the crazy things they thought, and why they probably didn't seem especially crazy at the time. In the earlier ages of exploration of our world people have been able to discover ever more amazing things from springs mysteriously heated even in the coldest of times and places, to a tree producing bark that chewing on can make ones pain completely disappear (more contemporarily known as willow/aspirin), and endless other ever more miraculous discoveries. Why would it thus be so difficult to imagine there being some spring or treatment that could effectively end illness or even aging? A fountain of youth just awaiting its discovery. It was little more than a normal continuation outward from a process of exponential progress. But of course the exponential progress came to an unexpected end, and consequently the predictions made now look simply naive or superstitious. We're now currently in our own period of exponential discovery and the fabulous tales of achievements to come are anything but scarce. Of course, this time it'll be different. It's hard to measure objectively but I feel I was dramatically more impressed seeing first Falcon Heavy come down than I was seeing the first successful (non-heavy) landing. I've shown a lot of people (who aren't otherwise into space) the original Falcon Heavy landing video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbSwFU6tY1c The most common response, by far, is: "Is that real?" It really is just that amazing. Even look at the YouTube comments. It's enough to make even the internet become a place of shared awe, wonder, and inspiration. Makes one wonder what the world would be like if we had media that focused more on things like this and less on things that divide and agitate people. Since somebody chose to downvote the above comment, I think it bears elaboration for those who might not understand. A contemporary example is domain names. The current domain system is a monopoly, and it sucks. You pay companies a never-ending and ever-increasing rent to do literally less than nothing. A domain isn't much more than a key/value pair in a small database. You're paying never-ending rent to them for them to not go out of their way to delete your entry. Relying on a centralized competitor to offer something better would be dubious. If they gain substantial marketshare there's nothing stopping them from deciding to simply swap back to our current system. It could even be done retroactively since everybody has those lines in their terms and conditions that amount to 'We can do anything, and you can't do anything about it.' But with a decentralized system you have the possibility of a new type of domain where while one operator may be able to be the only one that can create them, once they transfer that domain to you it becomes literally impossible for them to access, change, or affect it in any way, shape, or form. Decentralization is able to turn various digital goods into something much closer to their physical counterpart where you are buying something that is no longer connected to the seller after checkout. And this can really help ensure the integrity of services that otherwise might be susceptible to bait and switch business models. Beyond network effect, nope. This is one of the more convenient ways to block in-app ads on mobile. Set your DNS to something like AdGuard's servers, and they'll resolve ad delivering domains to a no-op. And suddenly all major third party ads in apps or the web alike are gone. Keys don't "leak" but of course they can be stolen - like any real product. If you spend $40 million on your Van Gogh, and it's stolen - that's not going to be a happy moment. Fortunately keeping a key safe is much easier than keeping a physical asset safe. And you'd only need to access your archive the times when you need to change the IP for your domain or are otherwise transferring/selling it. I think one big thing has changed. In the past hegemony was enforceable. If two nations both wanted to declare themselves rulers of the world, that was solved through war. But nukes changed the game. Now outright war between "developed" (nuclear) nations has become impossible. I'd argue that this is only coming to the front (some 80 years the development of nukes) due to historical nuance. The US and USSR kept each other, more or less, in check. When the USSR collapsed the US not only had immense soft power, but also lacked any any remotely viable competitor. But that's all changed rapidly. Russia largely rebuilt, China is becoming the dominant world power, India is coming into their own, the Mideast is no longer content just being a lapdog, and even much of Europe is increasingly being coerced into agreement rather than genuinely seeing eye to eye with the US. So the US wants to stay the dominant world power, but has no viable claims to such, let alone means to enforce that. We're headed to a multipolar world, or nuclear war and then a multipolar world. Once choice is clearly optimal. Take a look at a graph of the US monetary supply [1]. Many factors can contribute to inflation, but monetary supply is generally the dominant driver. And since February 2020, the US monetary supply has increased by about 40%. You can also see a table of inflation levels here [2]. The causes today being blamed for the inflation happened long after the inflation. It's just gas lighting, pun intended. [1] - https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/WM2NS [2] - https://www.multpl.com/inflation/table/by-month You grew up in the age of elevators and have undoubtedly been completely immersed in them more or less your entire life. Do you think you know more or less about elevators than somebody who lived through the initial transition towards them? It's a fun example because of how wrong Hollywood (and intuition) gets this one. You're on an elevator and an evil terrorist cuts the cables! Oh no! What happens next!? Not much, besides you being annoyed at probably being stuck somewhere in between floors. People had to be persuaded that the technology was safe and so Elisha Otis' [1] regular demonstrations of his safety stopping invention is a big part of the reason of why elevators were able to take off. It's practically impossible to make an elevator fall down a shaft. Now us growing up with them simply take everything for granted to the point we have absolutely no clue at all about what we're using, but always have used it, so just assume it must be okay as is. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elisha_Otis#Lasting_success I would argue that this is not because it was difficult to see coming, but because most people have a bias that makes it difficult for them to imagine something that's "normal" abruptly coming to an end. This was the era of "I got a loan for this house in 10 minutes. I added granite counter tops, mopped the floor, and sold it for a $20k profit in 9 days." type shows. TV is TV, but that was genuinely happening. The market was just completely broken. It's quite interesting that the USSR collapsed in 1991, which removed the biggest external "us vs them" actor. But on the other hand there are also countless other factors that are going to affect society at scale: rise internet, rise of pharmaceutical psychotropics, surge in obesity, surge in autism, declines in testosterone, apparent reversal of Flynn effect, and more. With so many things happening it all feels like a Rorschach test when trying to piece together anything like a meaningful hypothesis. You should see a recent job listing for the IRS (Internal Revenue Service - tax department): https://www.newsweek.com/irs-deletes-requirement-that-new-ag... You need to be in good physical shape, willing to work a minimum of 50 hours a week including irregular hours, be on call 24/7, and of course also not only carry a firearm but be willing to use deadly force. I'm sure they were flooded with applicants. You mean Antarctica, not the Artic. The Arctic refers to regions/countries along the Artic Ocean which includes Canada, USA, and Scandinavia. The reason Antarctica is not developed is because of an series of treaties known as the Antarctic Treaty System [1]. It's an agreed upon 'pristine environment' for research. Development is prohibited and there are extreme measures to maintain its relatively pureness. For one fun example - poop cannot be disposed of on premises. It needs to be bagged up and shipped back home to be disposed of. Rocketry is a similar story. Rockets, since the 60s, have gradually become less capable and more expensive. For instance Boeing/Lockheed have been granted defacto unlimited taxpayer money to develop a basic functional 'homegrown' rocket system - the SLS. The goal was achieve little more than we did in the 60s. They started work 11 years ago, have received more than $30 billion, and and have yet to manage to get off the ground. Stay tuned for their latest failure - they will [fail to] launch on November 14th! For reference, we went from nothing to putting a man on the moon in 9 years in the 60s. If it ever manages to be fit for duty, the SLS is estimated to cost an average of $2 billion per flight, and is completely incapable of landing massive-load cargo on Mars, let alone transiting things back. It's completely and absolutely unfit for duty. Most of everything Musk has done with SpaceX was being mocked as literally impossible by Boeing et al (by Tory Bruno) while he was struggling to achieve rapid reuse among various other technologies which have completely revolutionized the industry. We would not be getting to Mars had SpaceX (or a similar company) not emerged. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org//wiki/Antarctic_Treaty_System On SpaceX this is false as it was entirely his vision alone from the get-go. There was (is) a joke in aerospace. How do you become a millionaire? Be a billionaire and start an aerospace company. Until SpaceX it was just a blackhole of money in spite of plenty of very clever individuals, including John Carmack, trying to their hand at it. On Tesla this your statement is technically true, but misleading. 7 months after the company was founded, and made up of just a handful of people, Musk invested and became the majority shareholder and chairman of the board. He would go on to eventually remove the original founders of the company (over disagreements that were never publicly revealed) before production began on their first product. The original founders played no meaningful role in the company we now know as Tesla. Musk essentially was the A series, which led to him becoming the chairman and majority owner of the 7 month old company, which at that point just had a handful of guys. He ended up dismissing the original founders of the company before production began on their first product. Their impact on the Roadster is debatable. Their impact on Tesla, as a whole, is effectively zero. The reason echo chambers are dangerous is precisely because of the lack of dissent. Imagine politics is little more than a math problem. The actual answer is 0, but one group insists the answer can't be any smaller than 43, and another group insists there's no way it can be large than -51. Split these two groups off on their own, and they're just going to diverge more and more. Those in the bigger group will flaunt their in-group virtue by insisting on ever large numbers, and vice versa for those in the other group. They will diverge further and further from reality, but bring them together and the two sides help keep other in check. Getting back to real history, the Nazis were never notably popular. Their best result in anything like a fair election was in 1932 where they took 37% of the vote [1]. They managed to get an enabling act passed by political maneuvering, not genuine popularity. At that point they created an artificial echo chamber, and the rest is history. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/July_1932_German_federal_elect... If they formed a normal coalition government, I would wholeheartedly agree with you. But they did not, and could not. They couldn't get 13% of the other 63% of people to side with them, even in exchange for shared political control! And that 37% was brief and their biggest moment in light of absolute civil chaos including things like a 30% unemployment rate. 4 months later, elections were held again - elections that the Nazis were exceptionally optimistic about. They ended up going down to 33%. Then shenanigans started. There would be no more fair elections in Germany for nearly 2 decades. Another excellent example of this was Starship Troopers. There were those that 'got it' and those that did not [1]. The one critical thing about subtlety versus overtness is that the former may be understood by a smaller chunk of your audience than the latter, but it will tend to leave a far greater impression. A point lost on much of contemporary Western media. [1] - https://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/lifestyle/1997/11/11/... Verhoeven, who lived through Nazi occupation as a child, created the film. Initially it had nothing to do with Starship troopers, but gained branding rights later on at which point the original movie (Bug Hunt at Outpost 7) was merged. Might you ever, in a million years, want to live in the world he builds? No, nobody* would. Yet could you imagine reasonable people finding allure in the ideology that's represented? Absolutely. Verhoeven doesn't really misrepresent that ideology, but instead also shows it leads to an absolutely horrific world without ever really appealing to any unimaginable scenarios. In other words he's not trying to show that the ideal is "evil", he's trying to show where it can lead. And this is far more compelling than modern satire of a similar nature which fails because it largely focuses on trying to make the ideals themselves so unimaginably evil that nobody could ever possibly be genuinely drawn to them without exceptional "otherizing", perhaps contributing to the ever widening perception gap. [1] This issue is perhaps once of the many reasons history seems to just play on an endless loop. In an effort to emphasize how wrong the past was we demonize it ever more. Yet if one goes out seeking the Devil, a grizzly beast wielding a pitch fork, forked tongue, and flames lapping about him, then you'd certainly never to stop imagine that the otherwise normal looking man in front of you is one and the same. The more we demonize the past beyond recognition, the less there is to learn from it. [1] - https://perceptiongap.us/ I don't really understand why we are always stuck in the past on things like this. 155 million votes, spread out over thousands of polling stations is a minuscule number. Why not have each voting station digitally scan/print every ballot cast, and then once the stations close - upload everything to a centralized and publicly accessible server organized by station and their reported polling result. If anybody wants to do a recount, they can - to whatever degree of confidence, and using whatever method they prefer. One might still make claims of ballot stuffing or exclusion, but there would be literally zero doubt that the count itself was accurate. Perhaps I phrased it poorly. When I refer to "scanning", I mean as in making an image of a physical source, as in a digital scanner, not scanning as in processing data. The idea is to create a publicly accessible collection of an image of every single ballot, organized by the station from which they were collected. This can then be manually cross referenced, by anybody, against the reported vote count and result. And yes, digital only ballots would pose a major problem here and in general. The concern because of this is reasonable: identification would allow voter coercion or vote buying. But I think there are two issues with this concern. The first is that our current system doesn't prevent this. Bringing recording equipment into voting booths is not allowed, but in practice has 0 enforcement or enforceability since many (most?) locations offer shielded voting booths that even include privacy curtains. The other practical issue with this concern is that buying or coercion would need to be of substantial scale, centralized, advertised, involved traceable transactions, and so on. And this is a criminal felony so the consequences for a leak are substantial. Ultimately, it just does not seem like a realistic attack vector. So in many ways, I would consider this a feature more than a bug. You can personally verify that your ballot did indeed get counted (at least if you're willing to dig through thousands of ballots looking for your 'secret code') without allowing anybody else to see how you voted. Before checking this out, people might want to take a look through the issues and pull requests of which there are 500+ and 50+ respectively [1]. I was really optimistic about this project and it was headed in a great direction, but it's not in a production ready state, and it seems that the main guy behind it has decided to move onto other things. It's been about a year since there was any significant activity. I just mention this because a lot of these little issues might only become more apparent after integrating the db into your project and so it can be a bit annoying. [1] - https://github.com/mbdavid/LiteDB This claim is regularly repeated, but strongly and directly contradicted by literally every study on the topic. Here [1] is one from Pew in late 2019. 81% of Americans believe the potential risks of companies collecting about them outweighs and benefits. 79% are very/somewhat concerned about how the data collected on them is used. The big issue 81% also believe that little or no control over the data collection. Interestingly not only do people also feel that the government will do nothing to hold companies accountable, they are also concerned about how the government is using their data. Such results are demonstrated in every single survey. People are overwhelmingly concerned about how companies are using their data, but feel completely helpless. [1] - https://www.pewresearch.org/internet/2019/11/15/americans-an... It really doesn't. Nearly every single major site is tracking you alongside enabling tracking by third parties. Something as innocuous as a call to Google fonts works as a sufficient tracking source. Your phone, regardless of who you pick, is not only tracking you but also readily forwarding everything on over to various government agencies with effectively 0 accountability. "Smart" cameras and other server connected street view cameras are even gradually destroying real life privacy - even being able to create effective real life tracking thanks to those handy OCR friendly license plates we all have. Trying to preserve your privacy by not using TikTok is like trying to combat climate change by not barbequing. It will have a non-zero impact, but even if literally every single person did this to the point that TikTok went out of business - absolutely nothing would meaningfully change. The founding vision of the US was one where the further away government was from the people, the less impact it would have on their lives. The Federal government was to have an extremely limited role in society, largely tasked with things such as international relations. Your day to day would primarily be affect by your state, and ideally on downward with a further delegation of responsibilities getting closer and closer to you. This also helps curtail corruption. It is ostensibly easier to coerce/bribe/etc a state than a nation, but you have to do this for every single state and then try to keep them all under your thumb. A federal government may ostensibly be harder to corrupt, but once corrupted they can affect your whims on a national level and be relatively easier to maintain control of. This decentralization of power seems to be the easiest way to have a functioning political system. It's always the same decision. Centralization paired with selflessness, benevolence, and competence will trend towards utopia. Centralization paired with selfishness, greed, or incompetence will trend towards dystopia. Decentralization will always just trend towards mediocrity as a mish mash of the averages of society. Page 3. The top two concerns are social media sites (85%) and advertisers (84%). This isn't about social security numbers. The paper also gets into data profiling, which surprisingly and encouragingly, the vast majority of Americans are aware of and also concerned by. Tracking your location in real life is something extremely few people would be okay with. It's interesting because this issue is also completely bipartisan. 75% of Americans believe there should be more government regulation on what companies are allowed to do with data, including 70% of republicans. The "CSI effect" [1] tends to lead people to believe law enforcement is far more capable and effective than it is. Murder is the most likely to be solved crime, and its clearance/solving rate in the US is currently trending to drop below 50% for the first time ever. In some high crime areas like St. Louis, murder clearance rates are already in the thirties. [3] The point of this is that the civility of society is, for better and for worse, not upheld by enforcement - but by an unspoken agreement to a social contract. If any remotely sizable group of people chose to break that agreement, it would be unpleasant times ahead. Even this issue aside, it seems self evident that trying to run a society through coercion would be unstable at best. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSI_effect [2] - https://www.murderdata.org/p/blog-page.html [3] - https://www.economist.com/united-states/2021/05/08/americas-... PRISM [1] didn't end when the media stopped reporting on it. If anything it's likely only become more emboldened given people's tepid response. This [2] is one of my favorite documents that was leaked. It's a user manual, "User's Guide For PRISM Skype Collection", for NSA agents spying on Skype "peer to peer" connections in real time. It even includes a helpful FAQ like agents wondering why they might receive copies of the same message multiple times. What happens there is when somebody they're spying on logs in via another device, their resync process involves everything being sent right on over directly, automatically, and in real time to the NSA again. They can even spy on video/audio in real time, with some promises to agents frustrated about audio falling out of sync with video - that they were working on a technical solution. The companies at the time participating in PRISM were Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, and others. That's undoubtedly been long since expanded. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PRISM [2] - https://www.aclu.org/sites/default/files/field_document/Guid... What empowered opposition or successes? Many seem to have confused the highly publicized 'telephone metadata collection is unconstitutional' ruling with PRISM. That was related to other domestic spying bills - section 215 of the Patriot Act and its subsequent renewal under another spying act, the "USA Freedom Act." These cases/acts had nothing to do with PRISM. Numerous cases have been filed against the NSA in regards to PRISM, with nothing even remotely close to success. They are invariably thrown out because the NSA acting illegally or unconstitutionally can only be challenged by somebody with standing. You only have standing if you can prove you have been surveilled and affected because of such. Nobody can prove standing, so it's impossible to legally challenge a likely illegal program. Great system we have. That's quite the strawman, even by 'arguing on the internet' standards. I'd be happy to continue the discussion because I find this quite an interesting topic, but only if you're going to participant in good faith. In 1916 a barebones model-T cost $360 [1]. That's $8400 in 2019 dollars, and $9800 in 2022 dollars. This is actually what led to the normalization of planned obsolescence. [2] The widespread availability of reliable and cheap vehicles posed a problem for manufacturers which had, to that date, primarily just competed on quality and price. What do do when you can't create something more cheaply, or of a higher quality? Curve some edges, strap a layer of chrome on it, and market it endlessly to get people to buy the fundamentally identical product over and over and over again. Progress! "Oh god, I can't believe you're still driving a 1916 - that's soooo last year." [1] - https://modeltfordfix.com/the-1916-model-t-ford/ [2] - https://en.wikipedia.org//wiki/Planned_obsolescence#History To be clear, you do mean makes the voters public right? Because the whole idea of this suggestion is precisely to make the votes public. And I do agree that, within hours, there would be models developed to effectively parse the ballots and help detect any discrepancy - something the current centralized operators just can't seem to manage. The problem is if the people casting the ballots can be identified by third parties. And in this regard, I don't understand what you mean or if that is what you are even talking about. I don't think technology improving over long time scales runs contrary to the nature of the question, or answers it. The first computer, the ENIAC, required a small building of space, cost about $6 million, and ran at around 500 FLOPs. Today a modern GPU is several inches long, costs a couple of hundred dollars for a pretty decent one, uses minimal electricity, and will run literally tens of billions times faster than the ENIAC. Congressional approval is regularly in the teens, and even presidents are now toeing into the thirties. The latter part being particularly unprecedented since there's no cognitive dissonance of the sort "Yeah congress is terrible, except my guy." The people ostensibly responsible for putting singular figures into office are now disapproving of even those figures. And the powers that be couldn't care less and are just doubling down even harder on divisive rhetoric, and frequently unpopular actions. So I don't think having a substantial None-Of-The-Above would have any positive impact. Beyond that there's also another issue related to the above. Because of aforementioned divisive rhetoric many people are no longer even voting for people they like or even want to win, but voting against a bogeyman of an opponent. They aren't voting for "their" side, but because they fear "the other side" winning would be catastrophically worse. I suspect very few people willing to vote in the first place would intentionally and actively "waste" their vote simply to make a point. And if you get some very small chunk of NotA then suddenly the powers that be might even claim that's an endorsement of them. Voting third party achieves the same as your ideal without the possible perverse inverse messaging of approval. Switzerland's been exceptional for many decades. They managed to remain genuinely neutral during both World Wars even as the world melted down right outside their borders, remain one of the few governments not dominated by the copyright cartel (for instance personal use copyright infringement is legal in Switzerland), and of course their direct democracy system. They do their own system, and they do it in a very social and capable fashion. But how long will this last? By contrast over there was an interesting recent poll: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=33454449 The majority of Americans now support new stimulus checks to combat inflation. I'm increasingly persuaded by Plato's 5 Regime's view. In a nutshell, each system has its own virtue which taken to extremes becomes its vice and leads to its downfall and transition into the next system. The 5 regimes being Aristocracy, Timocracy (an implicitly anti-materialist government driven by systems of honor - think Spartans or Klingons - the Wiki page on this topic is simply wrong), Oligarchy, Democracy, and Tyranny. Bad survey results. Another comment [1] observed that the survey claims that 44% of men and 74% of women have 0 sexual activity - including 'batin (some term in the referenced post resulted in an apparent auto-flag which I'm trying to avoid). That doesn't pass my sniff test, at all. The most likely singular explanation seems to be a bias or sampling error. [1] - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=33583682 Imagine a world where there was no other country but the United States, and even feel free to go back to 2010 or even earlier, if you want. Would politicians now somehow stop actively agitating and otherizing? Would the media stop doing the same as well? After all, it sells. And on the individual (or grassroots) level it's really no different. Post bias affirming rage-bait drivel and get all the dopamine-hit-generating upvotes in social media one might ever want. Measured analysis? Meh, who cares about that. And in the "real world" as well. As but one example higher educational attainment is strongly associated with dramatic increases in the perception gap [1] in society. And that gap is one of the primary driving factors in the divisiveness at all levels from politicians on down to you and I. [1] - https://perceptiongap.us/ If you let somebody borrow your car and they steal it, that's still a crime. You don't need to be a regulated and registered automotive lender to make it anymore or less of a crime. The law has surprisingly strong enforcement of even informal agreements (such as e.g. an email), and these agreements were anything but informal. Incidentally, protection of property rights is one of the primary roles of the government in a libertarian ideology. It's not anarchy. This post just sent me on an interesting web crawl. Summarizing what you said, alongside some other interesting discoveries: His aunt works at the World Economic Forum [1]. The World Economic Forum was promoting his organization, FTX. [2] He was the second largest donor to Biden's 2020 campaign. He was also the second largest donor to DNC primary campaigns [4]. He had a stated intent of spending up to $1 billion on the 2024 election [5]. The NYTimes, which generally has an overwhelmingly negative stance on crypto/tech/billionaires, is now running puff pieces on him. [6] It will be an interesting test of our legal system. It's increasingly looking like FTX was simply a giant scam/fraud, but SBF is extremely well connected and buttered all the right bellies. --- [1] - https://web.archive.org/web/20221112024919/https://www.wefor... [2] - https://www.weforum.org/people/linda-p-fried [3] - https://www.wsj.com/articles/its-a-close-race-for-ceo-suppor... [4] - https://www.opensecrets.org/elections-overview/biggest-donor... [5] - https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2022-election/crypto-billio... [6] - https://www.nytimes.com/2022/11/14/technology/ftx-sam-bankma... Here is a graph of BTC [1]. The price on November 16th 2017 (5 years ago) was $7,294. Today it's $17,027 (as of the time of this post). The absolute peak you're trying to reference lasted exactly 1 day: December 18th. By December 18th of the next year it was down to $3,500. [1] - https://www.coindesk.com/price/bitcoin/ Bezos parents were teenagers of no significant means. After they divorced, his mother married an "uneducated" (in the sense he had not attended college) Cuban immigrant, Miguel Bezos, again of no significant means. After Miguel graduated from the elite University of New Mexico, they moved to Houston so he could work for Exxon. During high school Jeff took on an elite internship working the morning shift at McDonalds. It's not entirely rags to rich because gramps indeed did well for himself and had a nice big ranch out in the middle of Nowhere, Texas. But it's pretty close to it, and overall a pretty cool story. He didn't found Amazon in high school. Instead, alongside working at McDonalds, he also graduated valedictorian, a National Merit Scholar, and so on. He then graduated from Princeton (almost certainly on a full ride scholarship), and again graduated near the top of his class (a member of both Phi Kappa Beta and Tau Beta Pi) with degrees in both electrical engineering and computer science. From there he worked for 8 more years until he set upon founding Amazon. He also started both Tesla and SpaceX with a "fortune" of about $300 million. $300 million is of course a lot of money. The reason I put fortune in quotes is because he was looking to get into aerospace. An industry where NASA, and their near century of experience, ended up paying an aggregated cost of more than $1.6 billion per flight, over 134 flights. A guy with a vision and a few hundred million, in this context, has what many would have said would be a 0% chance of success. Many people somehow seem to have this view that if you just have enough money you can solve any problem in existence. It's probably just the consumerist mindset taken to its [not so] logical extremes - where literally anything is for sale, even that which doesn't exist. I don't entirely understand why people are debating this point. The taxpayer doesn't pay for what he needs, he pays for what the government does. There are endless benefits to space for the consumer, but even if there weren't he's still paying for them. Don't like endless wars? Thanks for your feedback, now give me 30% of everything you earn so I can pay for them. Tesla at the time Musk took over was literally three guys, a cool name, and some big ideas. He then took over on design, direction, and development - as well as starting to bleed money trying to make it all happen. And ultimately the others would be out of the company before their first product hit production. They deserve a footnote, but their ultimate role in the company was effectively zero. Countries are polarizing both on the world stage and on the domestic one. And in polarized societies (of any level) it's not uncommon to see people do things that are self defeating, so long as it's perceived as negatively affecting "the other side" even more. The current clear demonstrations in the world, on both the global and domestic stage, are endless. He effectively did start a new company. Their entire series A funding round was $7.5 million in total, of which $6.5 was Elon. So he became the near exclusive owner of a new company with a few like-minded guys of a similar background. I don't think he had some nefarious plan to kick them out from the get go. Sometimes personalities and ideas just clash, as theirs obviously did. I always use Japan as a response to the ever-present suggestion that what goes down must come back up as it relates to economies and markets. This [1] is a graph of the Nikkei 225 (effectively the Japanese market) dating back to 1949. Keep in mind the scale - that's a logarithmic graph. They were the second largest economy in the world in 1989, with many expecting them to imminently surpass even the United States. [1] - https://www.macrotrends.net/2593/nikkei-225-index-historical... Fraud, and other such white collar crime, has very harsh high-end penalties when the government chooses to enforce it with each offense potentially reaching 20+ years. If the government chooses to enforce the law, SBF could easily spend the rest of his life in prison. The question is will they? That's what makes this case so interesting to observe. SBF is extremely well connected, donated to all the right people, and even actively advocated for their causes. It's a major, and very visible, test of the US Justice system. Nobody really knows for certain what things do to the body even in isolation. For one example, see Yellow #5 [1]. It's associated with all sorts of nasty stuff, but actually proving a causal relationship is not really possible. So some countries ban it, some require special scary labeling for products with it, and in other countries it's A-OK. And processed foods aren't in isolation. You're mixing up all sorts of stuff which can viably result in chemical and other changes which will vary by product, producer, and even time. Trying to pin all of that down is not really possible. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tartrazine#Potential_health_ef... Financial fraud has some of the stiffest punishments that there are. Every single charge generally carries up to 20+ years. Madoff, for instance, ended up getting 150 years. Of course Madoff ripped of the elites of society while SBF ripped off commoners and gave to the elites, something like a reverse Robin Hood. Real surprise the Sheriff of Nottingham doesn't seem quite so interested in his misdeeds in our tale. If one assumes behavior is largely driven by physical/chemical/electrical processes within our bodies then this would not be surprising. Those processes are going to affect our appearances and being able to roughly assess those processes in somebody else from a distance would be a top tier skill that evolution would certainly end up selecting for. A largely related example of this is smell [1]. I'm not referencing that particular study so much as the million other studies it also references and mentions early on. Our conscious appreciation of smell doesn't really reach much greater depth than "eww" or "aww", but there's a dramatically larger amount of subconscious processing that we do to come to that conclusion. For one fun example, men subconsciously rate the perceived attractiveness of a woman, based on a blind shirt sniff test, significantly higher when she is ovulating. Again, it's evolution baby. [2] As a random thought, this also goes some way to explaining the uncanny valley. When the pieces don't fit together into a coherent whole, the brain simply rejects the lot of it. [1] - https://cognitiveresearchjournal.springeropen.com/articles/1... [2] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDaOgu2CQtI One of the main problems is marketing. Adding more bells and whistles to something makes it more marketable. And so we invariably trend towards more complexity, even when it doesn't really provide any "real" return. This also drives constant changes just for the sake of change - to feel like what you have is genuinely new as opposed to a fundamentally identical rehashing of what you already had. Operating systems being the obvious culprit there. And the most frustrating part of it all is that often the more marketable concepts are often just worse. Flat design is one obvious example. It looks sleek and sexy in marketing especially compared to the janky pseudo-3d effects of times past, but not being able to determine at a glance which parts of your UI are interactable is objectively less functional. But functionality The one other thing I'd add is that this is not limited to software/hardware. Movies face the exact same issue. Explosions, effects, and "loudness" are highly marketable, people standing around talking isn't. So we went from movies focusing on personal interactions to movies focusing on people running around in spandex in front of green screens screaming and battling other people in spandex, all while stuff explodes around them and special effects zip and zap about, while music with all the emotional subtlety of a hammer to the head blares. Progress! This is not quite an accurate picture, unfortunately. The casino/house earns money on each hand played. Their motivation is to maximize the number of hands played. Their ideal scenario would be where poker was a 0-skill game where a bunch of players would just endlessly play against each other with 0 edge until all the money in the ecosystem was taken up by the house. In practice losing/casual players tend to lose their money pretty quickly, and winning/skilled players then take that money that they've earned and withdraw it - while waiting for another casual player. The house has every motivation to increase the amount of time it takes for a skilled player to wipe out a casual player. They also benefit from casual players going on 'hot streaks' early on. The goal there is to convince the casual player that they are skilled, and their later losses are "bad luck." The point being to encourage them to deposit more after they lose their money. I think this is something else because reality tends to be the exact opposite. Instead it's small groups of well organized radicals using their organization to impact everybody else disproportionately. To stick with safe examples, look at the KKK. A quick search indicates they hit their peak popularity in the 1920s with some 4 million claimed members, which would be ~3% of society. But of course they had an outsized impact on America. So you end up with a scenario where 3% of people were dominating the zeitgeist of 97% through intimidation. And there's no particularly clear way to combat this. The internet has only made this worse. Now ever smaller groups can coordinate extremely effectively and instantaneously, while also simultaneously working to create the perception of far greater numbers than actually possessed. The pink elephant here is that you have to try to be impressed by things like this. And try somewhat hard. It's a low quality picture of the Moon, the same body we had astronauts walking on and live-streaming footage from literally more than half a century ago. If we were coming from a background of zero, this would be amazing. But as we aren't it's really kind of a sad reminder that technological progress, or even stability, is not a given. By contrast when one watches the Falcon Heavy land [1], it's enough to give you goosebumps. I've shown that video to quite a lot of people outside the space world, and the most common response has been "Is that real!?" Even look at the YouTube comments and it's suddenly enough to even turn the internet into a domain of hope and aspiration. The problem is almost nobody knows about that, let alone the major ongoing progress since, or the implications of things like Starship. So I think, without much to be truly inspired by, people are (perhaps subconsciously) simply discounting the possibility of space going anywhere during their lifetimes. If Starship achieves even a fraction of its potential, I would expect views to change. Because that genuinely does create the possibility of an exciting sci-fi style future, as opposed to just trying to recreate the 60s. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbSwFU6tY1c Perhaps a silly question, but can somebody describe how they might lose $10 billion on Alexa in one year? I don't understand the math. That's enough to pay 33,000 employees $330k a year, or some recombination of such. I don't think the real numbers come even remotely close to that. So it presumably has to be hardware costs, but Alexa is software, and they have vertical integration of all servers which presumably would drive voice processing costs to negligible levels as well (and that's assuming 0 on-device caching/learning ability). And this is all assuming that the gross revenue generated by Alexa is $0, which also certainly isn't true. So I don't see where the numbers are coming from? It's amazing how quickly fake news is able to spread through "credible" news sources, all without even the slightest bit of real verification. I don't know if its scary or comforting to consider that if the political establishment wanted WW3, they could have it had it right there. The same intelligence agencies that convinced the world Iraq had WMD could have simply agreed with the story/Zelensky/et al, declare anybody debating it to be a "conspiracy theorist promoting Russian misinformation/propaganda", invoke article 5, and away we go.