Yes, I agree... what Crockford says makes sense to me. Know where they go, and use them consistently. This blog post doesn't make so much sense. It seems to say that you should be aware of the rules at all times and strive to use as few semicolons as possible (even going so far as to put them in front of statements). Yes, it would work, but I don't really see this as more readable. I live in a US town of ~6k people, and currently get 6Mbps on the lowest tier plan available (50 Mbs is readily available, just a bit pricey for personal use). I don't buy this argument at all, as there are metro areas that will have worse connectivity than some rural areas within the US. I also wonder what the real reason is. Registering to place applications in the android market is not free. Does the iPhone have a public bug database so we can search for issues? This is exactly true, and the worst mistake, imo. I have no idea how to find it in the Android Market, and I suspect many others don't as well. Zoodles works, though the quality of the games varies pretty dramatically. Linus did do the benchmark (see Comment #46). That's not really true... the iphone tracking happens regardless of location settings or applications. The location controls do not affect it at all. Who sends hashes of credit card numbers instead of the #s themselves? And how is this passed through to the processor? I've not seen such a protocol for sending CC#s from the browser before. "During normal operation or in Safe mode, your computer may play "Fur Elise" or "It's a Small, Small World" seemingly at random. " This is actually really old news. This story on it is from 2 years ago: http://androidcommunity.com/android-tethering-apps-pulled-fr... It is interesting that he says the Everex machines (from 2007) were "pretty much intended as a way to get up and running in your Chrome browser". It's funny how quickly things get ingrained into us, such that we barely remember not having them (Chrome was introduced in late 2008). > The main difference between Ubuntu-LTS and Debian is that Debian's stable release cycle is longer and more thorough. I believe that the debian stable release cycle is currently at about 2 years, w/ a very short support cycle afterwards. The LTS cycle is 2 years with a 3 years of additional support afterwards. Or just search harder: http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/plans/flexpayplans.aspx?direct=... (Yes, I know that these are FlexPay as well, but the prices are the same) I believe that both of those choices would have been even more "out-dated", though. Yes, and it's nice to avoid the increased memory overhead of running 32-bit GTK and 64-bit GTK. The increase in shared lib overhead is still fairly significant. With a sufficiently large block of ice, a few blackouts may not even be a problem. Yes, the battery of the previous tablets were much smaller. But don't forget, the previous tablets also cost close to 2k at introduction, had similar speed processors (but running more complex operating systems, with lower responsiveness), had lower quality displays, were thicker, and weighed a lot more. I don't see any of those improvements as being particularly non-obvious. > I agree with you, but you have to admit Samsung is pretty > clearly copying Apple's trade dress. It's the only tablet > that could be confused with the iPad at a glance. I don't think I have to admit that. Is it really any more iPad like (at a glance) than this: http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/759029-REG/Motorola_00... I don't think it's incredible to make that claim at all. The iPad has been around for quite a bit longer so you would expect to see a lot more of them in the wild despite only outselling android tablets by approximately a 4 to one margin at the moment. Despite this, I still routinely see android tablets in airports. I saw a galaxy tab 7" tonight (along with 3 people using ipads in first class). I've also seen a few galaxy tab 10.1s and a couple of HTC Flyers. To be clear, I also wonder if the actual ratio is 4 to one. I just don't think the number is completely outside the realm of possibility. Is there an explanation somewhere of how the gallery in 2.x infringed, but the gallery in 3.x does not? It's not immediately clear to me how the two are significantly different. In the US, airlines require that electronic devices be turned completely off during takeoff and landing. In my experience, this is rarely enforced. I'm not sure how your comment is substantively different from the article. He seems to cover both scenarios (just the mongodb process rebooting vs whole server rebooting) accurately to me. FSLR is profitable. Google Talk supports Video chat across a wider range of devices than FaceTime. The search button was optional before ICS, and will likely continue to be. The menu button will likely be handled similarly to Honeycomb (it will appear for legacy apps, and disappear for modern apps). As far as I know, manufacturers are still allowed to include hardware buttons for now, thus old phones can still be upgraded. I expect they will phase this out eventually though, thanks to the flexibility that purely soft buttons can offer. The honeycomb buttons really do work better than the ones on previous phones (fewer inadvertant taps, easier to tap when wanted, etc). > If resources are that plentiful and the OS is still completely open-source then its only a matter of time until this is exploited and the phone starts to lag. It's really not a function of plentiful resources. It's that the contract only allows applications to keep running, it doesn't guarantee it. So if resources are a bit low, Android has the right to kill -9 any background process. In Android 2.2+ this actually works really well, in my experience. I do agree with your other points, though. Matias Duarte is good at making it pretty, but his designs tend to be quite cluttered and complicated, IMO. I wish they would focus on simplifying and making the interface more welcoming. I am assuming he means the BizSpark program: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2009/03/stack-overflow-and-biz... That's not so much an end-run as a delay, though, IMO. > Maybe it works better on an Android - no, wait, that’d be anti-competitive behavior and Google would never do something evil, right? I don't see how releasing a full Android version would be anti-competitive in any meaningful sense. Especially since the Android app and webapp support for Google Docs is unbelievably horrible. It amazes me that something as simple as editing a document (or simple spreadsheet) is almost completely impractical on Android tablets. I found the layout of the website extremely obtrusive. I'd have preferred a much more basic layout, without so much fixed text/graphics. Chromebooks have at least 16GB of storage for caching things locally. For example, I believe that the Kindle app for Chrome supports offline reading. Then build the few things that still need Flex in Flex/Flash, and build the rest in HTML/JS. This is likely how most Flex apps should have been written to begin with. I think two landing pages would be useful due to the discussion of price on the homepage. When I first quickly skimmed it I was wondering why they were charging job-seekers so much. People scan sites for unfamiliar services very quickly. Having the pricing so close to the free service is likely to confuse some subset of readers. I expect that the Google Voice app will support this soon. What I really don't understand is why they didn't implement something similar for SMS. Google Voice SMS is nice, but the separate app for it is problematic. I'm curious if this really surprises anyone here that the entire process for the government purchasing three mobile applications (Android, iOS, and BB) was ~200k. This seems pretty ordinary/normal to me. Fortunately, they don't accept advertisements from corporations, and are thus uncorrupted by the donations from said corporations. Does anyone else just see this as them gauging interest in charging for this footage? Some of the wording almost makes it sound like a market segmentation strategy. I think I understand the author's point. They aren't trying to compete with Facebook, they are just attempting to exist in Facebook's market, make money by all of the same means, and attract the same customers who will then do most of the same things. Make sense? I here this kind of banter from Southwest FAs rather frequently. Despite this, I would estimate the compliance rate at less than 33%. I'm curious how much data you get, and for how much money? All of the top notification banners are the most annoying part of SO, IMO. Every time I go there I end up clicking close 3-4 times. I don't believe that I've seen netbooks with the battery life of tablets. That is (to me) a killer feature. Whoosh The point isn't that Apple is just like a violent dictator. The point is that these statements are (mostly) irrelevent to each other. The trains can run on time without a dictator. The user can have a fine walled-garden experience but still retain the option to (in a reasonably supported way) tear down the walls. For comparison, here are some US rates: T-Mobile: Unlimited txt/voice, 5GB data == $89.99 USD (2GB is 10 less, there is no cost overage after the cap, but the speed drops to less than 2G) Sprint: Unlimited txt/voice/data == $110 ATT: Unlimited txt/voice, 4GB == $115, 2GB == $95 I'm not sure how search in the address bar relates to RealNames. If that were attempted again, it would garner just as much hate. I think the difference with large batteries is that battery recycling is already fairly prevalent and covered by existing statutes (core charges, etc). I doubt many people would toss a Prius battery in the trash without thinking. I still don't think this is a good law, though. I don't expect this to have a material impact on battery recycling. I agree. I hate this concept of making it feel like an app... if I wanted an app, I would use the (awful) tablet interface. To me, the innovation of gmail was that it made a usable webpage, that worked the way a website should, and yet was still efficient and user-friendly. Part of this was done by copying the better aspects of the app world (keyboard shortcuts, eager fetching of messages, fast performance, etc). But it still fundamentally felt like an efficient, intuitive, information-delivery system (the web). Copying the worst aspects of the app world (multiple scrollbars per page/screen, massively higher cognitive load due to all the scrolling, etc) is not an improvement. Yes, guys who develop all day in Windows, look vaguely lost at a command line (constantly forgetting their place in the dir structure, not knowing the basics of rsync or scp, not knowing how to unzip a jar, etc) always call themselves Linux experts. Calling all Unix-like systems "Linux" is a common problem as well, unfortunately. But I run into Linux "sysadmins" with all of the same issues. There's a real problem with a lack of competence in this industry, IMO. Didn't these changes make the addition of dynamic content to the MOTD really trivial? That seems compatible with Ubuntu's mission to me. It sounds to me like this whole rant could have been replaced with a bug report on the documentation in Launchpad. I get what you are saying, but it's not quite as bad as it is made out to be. http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... 85% of the market is on either 2.2 or 2.3. Those are the two most recent phone versions in general distribution. I'd expect that in about 1 year, 85% will be on 4.x or 2.3. New versions don't really make it worse, and new hardware standards often do make things better. I've found that Perl works even better for this. my @allfiles = `ls /somedir/`; for my $file (@allfiles) { chomp $file; ... } Is a wonderful thing. It's not pretty Perl, but it's still better than Bash, IMO. Losing track of frequently shared video is a very different problem from losing track of never shared command & control. Oh, I agree completely that it's possible. I was just disagreeing with the assertion that getting an unencrypted video feed implies that it might be easy. I can imagine a number of potential scenarios for bringing down an aircraft like this, ranging from full control takeover to interruption of communication until fuel exhaustion and partial crash. Or perhaps we've bugged it and let them have it. Think we might want to know where they'd take something like this? My guess is that he subscribes to the theory that companies use questions that would normally be taught in college to filter out older applicants. Ie, some assume that time since college isa major factor in people knowing these answers. Personally, I find it terribly unlikely that any such filtering is intentional on any level. Actually, we are trading a browser from a company with a desktop monopoly and an internet monopoly for an environment in which said monopoly has ~40%, another monopoly has ~30%, an independent player has ~20%, and a bunch of smaller players (including Mobile) share the rest. And both the ~30 and ~20 are platform independent, largely FOSS systems. This certainly seems like an improvement to me. How many real PC end-users upgrade their operating systems? In the long run, this matters even less for Android than it does now. Is it possible that this is just set as the default activity for the android market intent? Ie, what happens if you clear the default intent handler from the settings menu? I suppose that may not even be possible, depending upon how much customization that they've done. Honestly, though, I don't think there is anything particularly nefarious going on here. I think they are just trying to make the experience more seamless, since I'm sure many users would be confused by hitting the Android market site and then being unable to use it from an "Android" device. > I replaced the launcher with LauncherPro to get rid of the Google search bar Isn't the Google search bar just a (removable) widget? I agree with your points about application eviction causing them to restart in a different state. I don't know why Google isn't stricter about requiring their applications to save state and restore to same (as iOS apps are supposed to). At least their first party apps should do this. OTOH, I'm not sure that it is the extra video memory requiring this. I think it may be that they have increased the heap memory allowed for each application significantly. I'm not sure, though... I haven't used ICS yet. Wow, that is really lame. I'm liking the idea of ICS less and less each day now it seems. Its ridiculous that they've gone so far backwards on both this and the voice search functionaity with this release. > Also just the other day it prompted me with a late notice about a cancelled weekly meeting. Isn't that just user error (failure by someone to send out a cancellation notice)? > I later got Real Player to work which allowed me to play some mp3s. That was one of my best days ever, I only don't think I've ever seen "Real Player" and "one of my best days ever" that close to each other. Seriously, do people actually still use Real Player? Doesn't Ubuntu have better solutions for playing MP3s than that? I agree... I see more dead accounts than live ones now. I don't think this service is in the success category at all at the moment. I still use it fairly actively, though. I've heard this argument (mostly from Googlers) before. I don't buy it though, as I occasionally (rarely now) see friends post things and get zero comments. The same comments will get tons of comments on Facebook. This thing has largely failed outside of tech circles and twitter style (celebrity) newsfeeds at the moment. Hopefully that will change, as I find it superior to Facebook in virtually every way. I've never used events or posting on other people's wall on Facebook. Those are Facebooks two remaining advantages, IMO. I know a lot of people use Facebook for messaging, but I would honestly prefer that they just email. I don't really see the advantage of a non-email email over just using email. Google+ email and chat integration are just fine. You don't have to manually put people into their own circles. If you share something, just start typing their name (instead of a circle name) and it will let you share with individuals instead of circles. It works the same way otherwise. I find the slowness surprising, actually. Whenever I've used + it always seems either the same or faster than Facebook. Perhaps this has to do with specific network environments or something? I have noticed that it takes a while for updates to propagate (caching, I guess) across to other users. That part is a little annoying at times. They both seem like they are thinking the same way to me. Both of them are wrong in some ways (self-discipline != consistency, and consistency alone was unlikely the key to the weight loss). See also: http://www.despair.com/consistency.html Is there any chance that this includes other uses of embedded Java (eg, Bluray players)? Sure, but how many of these are being used to browse the web? The description in the article just uses the vague term "embedded systems, such as the low-cost feature phones". Without some details on what is really happening, this data isn't very interesting, IMO. I wonder how this compares to the average salary for Ruby or node.js devs? > For all the Apple hate, Jobs stared down the record labels, and unlocked music. Amazon is responsible for getting the record labels to release music as DRM-free MP3. Now that I've used it for a while, I find that I hate it less than I used to. It's still one of the worst mail interfaces that I've ever used, though. Yes, but is it faster than EJC? I'd bet that's the frame of reference for most Java devs. No, I wouldn't consider it their duty. OTOH, the last time that Apple promised an open spec protocol (Facetime) I would have expected Google (or someone) to provide a high quality Android implementation. Apple didn't follow through. I don't personally have a problem with the standards that Google has advocated. Dart is unlikely to succeed, IMO, but I would like to see NativeClient (or something like it) picked up by the other browsers. Disabling the volume keys likely requires root, but modifying the volume setting does not. The few android applications that need to do this typically listen for volume changes and then change them back. For example, I've seen some kids apps (Zoodle's) that allow a parent to set a max volume. I see your point, but I think the post that you are responding to is clear that the Samsung bootloader is unlocked. If the bootloader is unlocked, you can do anything that you want with the device (including installing the tools to use root access). Services cannot listen for keypresses, but can't they change the volume? Why not have the service periodically check the volume and reset it to max automatically? Ie, something like: // Get the AudioManager AudioManager audioManager = (AudioManager)this.getSystemService(Context.AUDIO_SERVICE); // Set the volume of played media to maximum. audioManager.setStreamVolume ( AudioManager.STREAM_MUSIC, audioManager.getStreamMaxVolume(AudioManager.STREAM_MUSIC), 0); Unless there are more requirements here that I am missing, this sounds achievable without root. It would be interesting to see which distros are and are not affected. If Fedora 16 is unaffected, I'm going to disagree with your assertion that "most new distros are". Debian stable is unaffected, for example, so the production Debian builds aren't vulnerable. Flash should not be given the same treatment, because the browser itself bundles an up to date version. Nevertheless, the handling of QuickTime stinks. They should check the version number and only disable if it is out of date. Their current approach is just inviting complaints. This feature will be new for Ubuntu 12.04 (it is not in 11.10). Honestly, most people that I run into don't really understand how Google+ works. Basically it is the same poor, unintuitive UI that we've come to expect from Google. For example, how does a new user really learn what a circle is? And how does someone recognize what each input control is when sharing a post (at least one input box has no hints at all). I've personally seen people completely baffled by their first experiences with the product. And it seems each "update" just adds more tedium and complexity. Volume for circles is a necessary evil, but it should have been done in a much less intrusive and time-consuming way. Google seriously needs to rethink their entire UI strategy. Eg, why should I have to set a volume for each circle? Couldn't they figure out a better way for me to provide hints as The actual quote is: "Android tablet options abound, and Google’s operating system is as open as you’re going to find on a retail shelf. At the end of the day, though, you’re passing profit along to the Android device makers." Isn't that more of a swipe at Google/Android than at device makers in particular? Ie, presumably he feels that Android and their makers don't contribute back to the software community, whereas this device does? (Personally, I think he's wrong in that assertion, but I still don't think this is a swipe at hardware guys at all) The Asus transformer has done pretty well, and is almost certainly profitable (cf, http://www.pcworld.com/article/235925/asus_transformer_table... though I suspect those numbers are a bit high). I don't know how many of the other models would have to sell to reach profitability, but I'd be shocked if the cheap shenzen tablets were unprofitable (why would they keep going if they weren't?). Not to mention the Nook Tablet and Kindle Fire. The others don't seem to be selling as well, but that has to do with a very poor quality->price ratio (cf, any Acer tablet). Anyway, I think the argument that Android tablets aren't selling has been vastly overstated. There was a huge line for these things on Black Friday in the US for example. rsync can provide file-listings: jsight@jsight-ubuntudesktop:~$ rsync localhost:/home/jsight/hackernews/ drwxrwxr-x 4096 2012/01/29 20:02:48 . -rw-rw-r-- 0 2012/01/29 20:02:36 tmp1 -rw-rw-r-- 0 2012/01/29 20:02:38 tmp2 -rw-rw-r-- 0 2012/01/29 20:02:39 tmp3 -rw-rw-r-- 11 2012/01/29 20:02:45 tmp4 -rw-rw-r-- 11 2012/01/29 20:02:46 tmp5 -rw-rw-r-- 11 2012/01/29 20:02:48 tmp6 From the comments, it appears there is some debate about whether those incidents (twitter deportation) actually occurred. I believe that they have been running (and refining) this process since at least early 2011. It is surprising that they didn't do it from earlier than that, though. Which Samsung Android device has a locked bootloader? AFAIK (and some google searching seems to confirm) the Galaxy SII does not have a locked bootloader. I believe that the original Galaxy S was also unlocked. So which Samsung Android devices have locked bootloaders? Motorola and HTC tend to lock their bootloaders more often (though this situation is improving). > First, this is a five-year-old article. And a dupe. I believe this is why the title is "...5 years later and you're still doing it wrong". It's probably worth discussing why things haven't really changed in the past 5 years regarding this. That blog may have the worst design for a Blogspot blog that I have ever seen. What were they thinking? EDIT: I guess I'm getting downvotes for this so others must disagree. Make sure to go to the homepage ( http://googlevoiceblog.blogspot.com/ ) for the full effect. For me it is almost unreadable. Exactly... news reports claim that MS wants ~12/$500 Android phone. Based upon that, I think Motorola's claims are no more unreasonable. I tend to believe that it's important for a developer to pick up a couple of languages. But a point that I often see people miss is that it isn't so important to learn the language's libraries and basic syntax, as it is to learn the languages idioms. There have been many times that I have seen Java guys learn ActionScript3 only to misuse properties (unecessary Java style setter methods everywhere, no closures, etc) and other features simply because they didn't learn the core values of the platform. I doubt that they really gained much lasting value from the exercise in the end, despite using it for a few months. A few days with Clojure or another functional language in which they really focused on the core idioms of the language would have been more valuable from a learning standpoint, IMO. It's amazing how quickly and thoroughly Google has ceded the lead in this area. I know that the Android market supports application and data backup, but IMO the implementation is not as slick or simple as iCloud at this point. This is especially true for those of us with multiple Android devices (Phone + Tablet). But the lack of a comprehensive solution for photo synchronization is telling as well. I am glad to see HTC addressing the issue, but the lack of leadership on Google's part is really unfortunate. Essentially, they have taken up the strategy that Google had back in Oct 2008. There were a lot of early comments from Schmidt, etc that indicated the Android plan was to compete on the low end of the hardware spectrum. It sounds good, but I really question how much room there really is down there with the data plan requirements that typically come along with using any kind of smartphone. Do people really want to pay $100 for a stripped down device when $200 will frequently buy them a full-featured smartphone (with similar data plan prices)? Yes, that is the problem they are going to run into, IMO. A similar price-point will buy them an Android phone with quite a bit more power than an early iPhone, and a much more mature application ecosystem. So why bother with Windows? The TDD issue is really the biggest for me. I've run into many developers over the years who shout how much more efficiently things would be built if we all just did that. Surprisingly few do it themselves, though, due to a "lack of time". The contradiction in that never quite hits them for some reason. TDD has it's place, but taking it as an incontrovertible dogma is not useful. I agree with essentially everything that you said. The one thing that I'll add is that I was speaking specifically of Test Driven Development, not of tests in general. The benefits of using tests as documentation come regardless of religious adherence to test-first, and in my opinion are often hindered by it. I agree that tests can make great documentation, as well as adding value for a number of other reasons (regression, etc). I severely question the concept of writing them first in all (or even most) cases, though. I am not sure that I understand your mention of housing costs. Doesn't core inflation exclude housing costs as well? That's not entirely true for T-Mobile, actually. You still connect to 3G towers even after throttling, but you are slowed down to "2G" speeds. In practice, the 2G speeds are much slower than EDGE, but slightly faster than GPRS. I've worked at government agencies (recently) that banned all "third party browsers". Compared to that kind of policy, I think choosing Chrome is wonderful. I agree. Clicking on the website for the organization in question only reveals a handful of low-quality, low-resolution pictures. In general the best way to deal with a "problem" like this is to drown out the noise with quality content. He should be flooding the web with quality pictures of what he has, not trying to get Google to change an algorithm. I get your point, but the previous 50MB barrier still allowed for plenty of bloat. The main ingenuity that it promoted was the ingenuity to host the rest externally to be downloaded on first application launch. This download often took more than 15 minutes (the refund period), causing tons of complaints if the application didn't work for some reason. As the application is still restricted to 50MB, and the additional space is in the form of expansion packs, this isn't likely to result in larger code. I think it is mostly to solve the consumer complaint issue. 2.2 and 2.3 currently represent about 90% of the market. From an API standpoint, these are very similar. Is iOS really that much less fragmented in real-world terms? The dramatic variations in hardware are actually a much more interesting problem than the supposed issue of OS version fragmentation, IMO. OEM versions of Vista and 7 have license terms that forbid them being run under virtualization. From the site's FAQ: "Who should use this service? People who want to stay on good terms with their colleagues without having to log in to LinkedIn." I think this pretty much means it is for people who don't really want a linkedin account, but don't want to their coworkers to feel shunned. I don't see much point in this beyond that. If you actually cared about using LinkedIn to build a social graph around yourself, you wouldn't use this, IMO. Yes, I can see the appeal. I haven't used mobile safari enough to know if it is a lot better than the stock browser in ICS. It is definitely better than all previous Android browsers, though. The stock ICS browser is much better. It's actually better than the current chrome beta, imo. Just curious, which gateway are you using to get SIP service via Google Voice? I've tried a few, but ultimately gave them all up due to reliability and performance issues. It seems like the latency was always too much for me. I believe that the Blackberry 9700 has a 624Mhz processor, 256MB or RAM, and a relatively low resolution 2.44" screen. The battery is about the same size as that of a modern smartphone, though (1500Mah). I don't think it's fair to say that they have battery life nailed, as their approach to nailing it (low hardware specs) is one of several things that is killing them in the marketplace. Wow, some of these are amazingly insecure. It's really incredible that at least one of the developers of a paid security app stores the master-password encrypted (not-hashed) using a hardcoded private key. > I opposed the need for the amazon app store for example. I understand what you are saying, but I believe the reasoning applies more directly to other markets (eg, slideme). I don't think that the Amazon App store exists due to restrictive Google policies, but rather due to Amazon's desires to directly enter this market (cf, Kindle Fire). The 9700 is over 2 years old, but it had a smaller (much less power draw) screen and a slower CPU even by 2 year old Android/iPhone standards. The 9900 has better specs, but still has a small screen and a single-core CPU. If they fix those limitations, the battery life will likely drop to iPhone levels. I don't really think they can be competitive in applications without fixing the hardware, though. This is really good news. I just hope the article is correct and this can actually be modded fairly easily for T-Mobile(T989) and AT&T phones. Big Lots is a better place to go to get a HDMI cable (and a few other cables as well) than Best Buy. I'm not sure which company this says more about, really. I find the markup on cables at BB to be very frustrating. Why can I get a cable shipped all the way across the country for less than 1/8th the price of a BB cable? Yes, it is extremely difficult to predict which technologies will win over a 5-10 year period vs their competitors. Eg, predicting that jQuery would appear vs the evolution of some other system (ExtJS?). On the other hand, predicting what changes will occur to a legacy enterprise system tend to be much easier. In the overall scope of things, Java hasn't really changed that much over the past five years. I think that some long-range planning of the kinds of changes they are thinking about actually makes sense. The need for closures, reified generic types, and an improved type system is unlikely to change in the next 5-10 years. The article says that he looks for people in the candidate's linkedin profile, so that he can spam them as well (regardless of whether they are in the reference list). I'm not really fond of references for a couple of primary reasons: 1) IMO, they are relatively unreliable indicators for technical candidates 2) They leak the candidates active job seeking status to potentially untrusted colleagues 1 occurs primarily because references are self-selected to be people that the candidate has friendships with rather than people who will give the the most honest assessment. In large companies, this can often be especially easy for a candidate to game. The technique in the linked article will do nothing to resolve this, IMO. And 2 is made worse by this person's desire to interview people who aren't even listed as a reference by the candidate. I've worked for companies before where I would have had to turn down a restriction like this. The limiting factor on acceleration in the Toyota Yaris is ont the tires. In the US, AT&T used to restrict things this way. They quit doing so quite a while back. I am unaware of any other carriers doing this. I agree that this is obviously not what the question meant. My reading of the article is that the author was picking a bit of fun at the highway director's misunderstanding by including that. It's actually an interesting question, IMO. AFAICT, there is still not fully buildable source, and it is still somewhat less smooth than the stock browser. I wonder if they will fix those issues anytime soon? Until the code becomes more open this is a step backwards. Also: "Edward Serevan: I wouldn't characterize the JSE as being only for laptops and desktops. Smartphones have become capable enough to run the JSE." It looks like their expectation was that JSE would run on phones as well. So they were already planning fragmentation at this level. > You're going to tell me "you check against a digital signature". Except it doesn't work. You can only check parts of the binary, not the whole binary (as some content is unpredictable once it runs). I read this a few times, and I still don't get why you wouldn't check the whole binary. Care to elaborate? That requirement actually isn't as rigorous (or as difficult to implement) as it sounds. The keyword there is "password" instead of passwords. Based upon similar systems, I feel comfortable that this is not a typo. Whenever the user changes a password, the user has to provide a (single) previous password. This password is hash-checked against the current user password. Then the password duplication rules are applied. (Note, none of the above should be construed as an indication that I agree with this approach to password policy :) ) I think there are tons of reasons to prefer Mercurial over git (ease of use on Windows in the early days being a big one). I also think there are a smaller number of potentially more significant reasons to prefer git. But I think it's almost completely impossible to separate the success of Git from the tools ecosystem. I really think Mercurial would have been at least as popular as git in the long run if it had something as good as Github behind it from the beginning. The benefits of Github are truly astounding. I've just intentionally ignored that case in the past. :-) Ie, sending a password reset email will bypass the check, just as you suggested. There are some other things that people can (and I'm sure do) do to try to meet the requirement, but there isn't really a solution. For example, a lot of people who hit this restriction are just trying their old password with one or two characters appended, so you can try the hash of a few substrings of the new password. But in the end, none of that really keeps people from inventing new, easy to remember, and insecure passwords. Eventually people do learn to just alternate between about three different forms of passwords. IMO, most of these draconian policies are invented to make things look secure more than to provide real security. That seems appropriate for the TSA, right? :-) +1 I see plenty of blame to go around here, actually. The TSA shouldn't have required a pat-down, IMO. But we don't know exactly how this happened, and how should the TSA have known that the child would go into hysterics over this? Once the screaming starts, a lot of behaviors can change in pretty irrational ways due to the increased tension of the situation. The fact that the parents involved lost control of the situation with the child running away did not make things any easier. I'm not saying the agents should have handled it this way (I personally think they should not have), just that it seems like a series of unfortunate breakdowns on the part of several people. There are far bigger problems with the TSA than this, IMO. sudo do-release-upgrade It's generally better than dist-upgrade anyway. The only J2ME API that I've used is GPS, and it was far more fragmented and unreliable than any Android implementation that I've seen. (also, Android has a compatibility test system/process) I don't see how the OpenSSH code is expected to automagically insure that keystrokes sent from Google Chrome came from intentional user generated actions. Any XSS type vulnerabilities in this are likely the result of issues with the extension itself rather than OpenSSH, IMO. Interesting, but there's not a single mention of memory usage impact. Dalvik in particular makes some fairly severe tradeoffs to reduce memory usage. OTOH, I've often wondered if those tradeoffs are actually worth it in the end. This may just be demonstrating how weak/slow the Dalvik VM actually is. Python and C# are, IMO. Can you explain why you disagree? The G2 (assuming you mean the T-Mobile G2/HTC Desire Z) has 512MB of RAM. It's actually surprising to me that it has that little free on a boot, though Android often sees the most memory pressure immediately after boot. For example, lots of applications listen to boot events and make sure that various alarms are still scheduled. The descriptions for intrapersonal and interpersonal appear to have been reversed. Sony integrated it into a display, and it always seemed pretty clear that Google's intent was to get others to do this as well. "My wife was using the web version of Facebook's mobile app for months before she discovered she could download the app, and she's never complained about either." As a counterpoint, my wife often finds the Facebook Mobile app to be incredibly sluggish. Many users often don't complain about performance, but if you make things work faster they tend to appreciate it anyway. Great points. I like this rewrite for the plumber at your local McDonald's: "Think about it: something I did reached 10,000 actual living people and had an impact (however small) on their life. That would never have been possible if I didn’t know how to plumb." This statement works equally well for many professions. How is this a disadvantage? MS can ship cleanly installed hardware. In fact, they do: http://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msstore/cat/categoryID.4... Interesting... I worked in Charlotte for a few years and can't think of anywhere like this. I wonder who you could be referring to? > If a smartphone application exploits an image rendering or > font library, it doesn't gain any additional permissions. > It can't do anything with a vulnerable library that it > couldn't do otherwise. Haven't phones on both platforms been rooted via local exploits, just like the ones you describe? > The important attack surface on smartphones is local kernel exploits, which are rare. The important attack surface on Chrome is sandbox model exploits, which are rare. If this were in their policy, I would sort of agree. A return policy is not a warranty, and therefore a policy that disallowed returns after a major OS modification could potentially be reasonable. The problem here is that Newegg is not stating this up front. I've never had an issue with a mfg warranty in a case like this (most recommend not including the HD with returns anyway). I'm still a little confused as to why the customer didn't approach the mfg first. > I don't think any Linux vendors(Dell, System76,etc) will happily accept returns after you installed Windows on it. Citation, please? I am not aware of any other vendor with this limitation. The biggest problem that I've seen is that on Windows apps sometimes steal this association. I used to tell users to do this to launch Java applications, but it was surprising how many times they would end up in WinZip or some other Zip handling application. Java does try to get that to work by default, though. I have an Asus TF101, and I completely disagree. ICS has been awful, and the forums are full of complaints. The earlier builds crashed ~1 per day. Often you'd turn pick up the tablet only to see it in a boot loop, consuming battery at a high rate. They've fixed most of those issues, but they've left massive OpenGL renderer memory leaks. Gmail becomes unusable after a few hours of use requiring a reboot, for example. Just look at the xda forums for plenty of other people who are still having these issues after months of updates. Each one was supposed to solve all of the issues, but none have. No, Samsung has never done that. AFAIK, this doesn't actually kill the task. I believe that it just removes it from the displayed list. Also, keep in mind that ICS offers the ability to disable unwanted builtin apps: http://blogs.computerworld.com/19435/disable_system_apps_and... This removes them from the applications menus and prevents them from ever running in the background. Previous (interesting) discussion here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4114546 I think his point is that this rule is applied very generally. Eg, a 11" MBA is ok, and 13" MBA is not, but a 11" Netbook that happens to be extra thick is also ok. I don't think it will take "years" for a Jelly Bean 10 inch tablet. 91% of the Android market is covered by 3 major versions (2.2, 2.3, and 4.0). 72% is covered by just two major versions (2.3 and 4.0). This problem isn't quite as severe as its made out to be. Dealing with the diverse hardware ecosystem and implementation bugs are both much larger problems, IMO. I don't understand... the SGS2 doesn't have a hardware keyboard either. Why would it be a better bet? A lot of people didn't see the problem in splitting the horde of websites into categories (Yahoo! directory) before Google came along. I actually agree with the demarcation between sites for some of these concepts, as it gives opinion and other background concepts a place to flourish (cf, programmers stack exchange). But this tendency to want to create a perfect little taxonomy and then track down every bit that defies your view of that taxonomy is an unfortunate side effect, IMO. It happens far too frequently that good questions get knocked down that hole inappropriately, and it's never a good experience for the users when it does. I'm honestly surprised that the site has never found a better way to deal with the problem. When most users who encounter a problem like this for the first time feel insult at the site's action, perhaps there could be a gentler way of redirecting their energy? This post is hilarious when read a bit more accurately. Basically, you have said that there are two broad categories, rational people and irrational people. I guess it's a nice technique for argument, but I suspect that most people do not fit nicely into either of your buckets. I want to work from home, and do enjoy doing so. I also like working from the office and enjoy doing so. There's more to my job than lines of code that I write. Culture is important. Culture sometimes transmits via physical proximity, and sometimes other means (IM, Phone, etc). Sometimes one or two meetings a week (or even month) is more than adequate to cover the parts that don't communicate so easily remotely. Sometimes remote workers go to lunch (or dinner) with colleagues. Sometimes my whiteboard is a computer. Your group 2 covers a broad range of people and needs, some of which may sometimes require (or significantly benefit from) close proximity, and some of which often won't. Basically, people, personalities, and working style vary. Is this actually more powerful hardware than the Nexus 7? I don't get the impression that the CPU is faster. And it while it does have an amp, it does not have a 7" IPS display with a capacitive touchscreen. If anything, I would expect the Nexus Q to be cheaper to build if they were built in the same quantities. The build quality has been nice, but the software has been horrible. The TF101 has had major stability problems ever since the ICS upgrade. The TF201 has had simlar issues, from what I understand. Hopefully Google's involvement in the Nexus 7 release will remedy this. I have an Asus Transformer TF101, with a 10" screen. I can type at ~65 WPM on it. That's about 10 WPM slower than on a desktop keyboard. As far as I am concerned, that is perfectly usable. Having said that, at least one Android maker has built one with a 13" screen. I don't think it would be unusable at all, with the average tablet. I think he means an unofficial port. I expect those will be available fairly soon. 16GB may be recommended, but I have built it before on a machine with 6GB. The initial build ran overnight, and subsequent builds seldom require a rebuild of the entire tree. I think it's certainly possible to manage a small change without 16GB available. I haven't used iOS, but as an Android user I can definitely see why they haven't implemented it yet. It's a powerful feature, but at least on Android, it's also a usability disaster. Basically, the way it works on Android is that whenever an intent is passed for which there is no default, the user gets a dialog. The dialog will contain the applications that the user has installed for handling that intent. When there are 4+ items (eg, PDF) this can be confusing. Then when they pick one (hopefully the one they really wanted) they check the box to make it default. So far this is confusing for some people, but they generally muddle through somewhat happily. But there are issues... which protocols does the browser accept? Oh, http, https, and possible one or two more. So later they tap an https url and have to go through the same process again. The next day, one of their four web browsers auto-updates from the Play store. This clears the defaults, and they have to go through the whole process again. Seriously, the underlying concept seems solid, but the implementation is severely lacking. I hope that they (or someone) does this right in the future. I'm not entirely sure what a solid solution would look like, but I certainly don't expect Apple to copy the Android approach. It's completely incompatible with a number of their UX goals for the platform, IMO. > What do I do in the Play store if I know all the front page apps already (not hard)? Click on the categories link on the left side, and then browse. I don't think that new APIs are readily available to most users within weeks on Windows Metro or Android. I agree... I think many of us have been saying that for years, too: http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/06/where-are-the-high-... Despite the fact that many people primarily associate "Retina" with the iPhone (because that is where it was introduced first), I think this is the area in which it has actually had the least impact. Other phones had high DPIs before the iPhone 4, and the difference between the best Android displays and the iPhone 4 display was not overly dramatic. OTOH, pushing laptops and tablets out of low-DPI land is a truly remarkable achievement. Other platforms are much farther behind in this area, IMO, and at least on laptops have a much longer path to catching up. I do find it surprising that the results were identical. Having said that, my experience is that over low-latency connections N+1 selects are not as bad as they are often represented to be. I've occasionally chosen to accept an N+1 for a 5 row list of search results vs. "optimizing" to a JOIN for exactly this reason. Depending on the query plan, search limits, sort parameters, etc, the performance differences can be fairly non-intuitive. I don't think this explains your case, though, where N=20k. I'm not sure what could have been going on there. Not really: http://techcrunch.com/2009/06/03/crunchpad-the-launch-protot... The Nexus One used to have touchscreen problems as well: http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=6296 Hopefully Google/ASUS will respond well with fixes. It really does sound like a heat-related issue affecting the digitizer. Are you talking about this? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sigames.fm... . If so, it seems to be doing pretty well so far for a $10 app. AFAIK, this still does not support phones which lack a secure element (T-Mobile US, SGSII... probably others as well). Hopefully that will come in another iteration or two. The SGSII on T-Mobile that I mentioned (T989) does have an NFC chip. Personally, I would be suprised if it was. He probably tripped over some other heuristic (or was flagged as spam by a user for some reason), and they simply didn't reject him after a review. His email may have helped his case here. Either that or their algorithm really doesn't like you using the same word over and over again (this seems unlikely). Spam apps are a real problem, and I personally won't be bothered by this as long as the devs that complain (and presumably trigger a human review in the process) don't have their apps inappropriately removed. So far, I haven't really seen any evidence of a widespread problem with inappropriate removals, just inappropriate warnings. The linked article mentioned this: http://static.yubico.com/var/uploads/pdfs/Howto_GmailYubiKey... YubiKeys are relatively cheap and would provide a nice alternative to using a phone, IMO. > That was certainly not perceived as the "perfect" solution > at the time, and probably still isn't. There was room for > innovative differentiation in how user input was handled > (physical keyboard, Palm grafitti-style input, chording keyboard, something new). I understand why this perception exists, but I do not think that it represents a fair assessment of what happened. The first Android device after the iPhone was the HTC G1, with both a keyboard and a trackball. The first two "high-end" (IMO) Android phones were the Motorola Droid and Nexus One (one had a keyboard, the other had a trackball). There were also some Blackberry-esque designs built in the past couple of years (cf, Motorola Charm, and a couple of others). There have also been variations on hinge design and screen setups (HTC Desire Z hinge, and Kyocera Echo). Samsung themselves have built a couple of high end Android phones with slideout keyboards for both AT&T and Sprint. The fact that they've settled on a slate design has less to do with their attempts at differentiation than it does with providing what the market has been asking for. They've tried building the other phones, they just don't sell to as large of a demographic. I can't imagine anyone today picking Palm graffiti-style input over Swype, for example. If those were the concerns, it could have been dual licensed. Your A&P (Airframe & Powerplant Mechanic). This sounds a bit "No True Scotsman" to me. Most commercial projects that I've seen eventually grapple with the same sorts of issues that you mention. When they've faced diverse deployment environments, the results have often been worse than autoconfigure, from what I've seen. I guess that's because they aren't cathedrals, since the businesses behind them were focusing on market-demands instead of whatever it is that Cathedrals focus on? Your remarks are essentially Ad Hominem regardless of whether you single out 1 man or 100 individual men. I'm not really following your argument. Why would Agile shut doors to future change? It seems like one of the core tenets of Agile is to embrace the concept of change and willfully eliminate legacy models as you are able. I also think it's very naive to think of NoSQL as purely OODB 2.0. It is getting used for a lot of different things, that IMO are inappropriate for it. On the other hand, the movement is intended to solve a very different set of problems (DBs with various ACID levels depending upon scalability and durability requirements), from those solved by OODBs (API improvements that weren't), and traditional RDBMS systems. > But NoSQL is pretty much based on the idea that you store data from your application in a way which is close to the internal data structures, is it not? IMO, it's not. Try BigTable on Google App Engine, or HBase for some examples. IMO, these are often more difficult to relate to a programming model than a traditional RDBMS due to their inherent limitations. Of course, their structure is one of Columns/Rows as well. One of the problems with describing NoSQL as a movement is that there are a broad range of solutions to a broad range of problems that are being covered by the same terminology. On the other hand, I suppose there are quite a few NoSQL solutions that do not require structured input data and therefore may appear attractive to people who don't want to maintain rigid structures for data input. That's always seemed like more hype than reality to me, though. I've had pretty good experiences with evolving schemas within PostgreSQL and other SQL systems, and the challenges faced (data migration, dealing with old data in the model, etc) were essentially the same that I would have faced with something like a MongoDB system. I don't really see the advantage of NoSQL there at all. I can also see how they could be viewed as essentially OODB 2.0, and they may very well fall by the wayside for a lot of the same reasons. I do not own a Kindle and the Cloud Reader works fine for me. I've never had it ask for a serial # or anything like that. Perhaps this is a requirement for new accounts? > On Windows and Linux I cannot switch to an app bringing all windows to the front, I have to do it one at a time. I'm pretty sure Linux w/ Gnome 3 does it the Mac OS X way by default. I support a walled garden, as long as there is always a door that I can open. Every dealership that I've talked to for the past 5 years or so has had one (albeit, typically the "department" is one person at the dealers around here). Does Windows Phone solve these issues? Ie, is there review process actually better than Apple's? Or do they have similar support to (the overwhelming majority of) Android phones for loading alternative app stores? I haven't really seen much evidence one way or the other at this point. No, I think he is implying that major software is not a "mostly drag-and-drop" affair. In some ways, things have progressed and software is easier, but it's far from drag-and-drop for all but the most specialized problems. My Nexus One met the pavement/concrete a few times (~3) without a case. The third caused a smashed screen. I don't doubt your story, but there are definitely angles that are better for the phone to land than others. The Otterbox kept it safe after that. If they really rewrote it in a week, then either it was trivial or they were able to reuse the bulk of it. The Spoelsky article applies to neither of those cases. If you want to include the efficiency of the entire electrical pipeline, then you need to do the same for the gasoline/diesel engine. How much energy is used for the extraction, refinery, transport, and distribution of gasoline/diesel fuel? I suspect 26% efficiency for gasoline would also be extremely high compared to reality if those costs were factored in. Well, your car comparison started at electricity production. At the very least, your gasoline example should start at the refinery. Does anyone know the efficiency of the average refinery? Or distribution costs? My suspicion is that they are actually just as bad as the overhead of burning coal. If they released the Lumia 920 w/ Android 4.1, it would immediately be the second best selling Android phone, IMO. Cf, some previous discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4523380 The Tesla has ~180 mile range on a 30 minute charge. 150 miles one way with a charger at the office sounds quite practical based on that. It'd actually be less disruptive than a gasoline vehicle. I have a GSII (T989) in the US, and the latest official release is ICS (3.1). I'm not sure that it's completely bizarre. Dropbox will work on case-sensitive file systems, but it does very strange things if two files exist with the same name, but different case. I suspect MS just didn't want to deal with this complexity for what was (perceived) to be an issue for a relatively small number of people. To be clear, I don't necessarily agree with their reasoning, but I do see where it could have come from. The website itself has a lot more information: http://www.typescriptlang.org/ At a glance, this looks like a rather elegant solution to the problem of adding optional type-markers to JS without completely destroying the nature of the language (as AS3 did, IMO). First-to-file does not eliminate prior art. It also comes down to being right about it. It's often much easier to write something off ("that won't work"), than to accurately assess the reasons why it may not work, and possibly be part of modifying it so that it will. That difference is also subtle (just as subtle as the presentation in many cases), but also very important. On T-Mobile in the US, my 3G (HSPA+) frequently sees 13Mpbs down and ~5Mbps up with latencies of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interdictor_(blog) It turns out that many backup power plans have not been designed with longterm flooding in mind. I find parts of this comment to be unnecessarily paranoid. One of the major challenges for getting UAVs into the national airspace system is to integrate them with existing air traffic rules and systems. Beyond that, I don't see them physically being treated much differently from traditional police helicopters. I don't really see any evidence that police are disconnecting the transponders on those either. OTOH, I do have some concerns about the massive increase in numbers that these may bring, due to the decreased cost. It seems to open up some avenues for abuse. A machine with an infinite amount of RAM can have an infinite stack size. The engadget review ( http://www.engadget.com/2012/11/02/nexus-4-review/ ) complains of very bad battery life. TheVerge ( http://www.theverge.com/2012/11/2/3589280/google-nexus-4-rev... ) indicates it is ok. I wonder which is actually true? Getting Mac OS X to run on ARM is no big deal. I'm sure there are internal test systems doing this already. Getting the entire ecosystem moved over is a very big deal. I don't see how an emulation approach can work this time, as the ARM chips would not be significantly faster than the chips they are replacing. AbiWord was fairly close to this, and I believe it was part of Gnome Office at one point (along with Gnumeric, which was a pretty good spreadsheet app for a while). Do they use iPhones? I'm not really sure how placing a call is harder on a SGS2 than on iOS. From the demos it appears that this doesn't have keyboard support. That seems like a major drawback from an accessibility standpoint. It does look nice and easy otherwise, though. To be fair, the Nexus 4 is based on the size and the release number (it's the fourth Nexus phone). Hate? Cancer? These words are a bit strong, eh? Have you read the original article? It was a minor correction to a typo in some documentation. I'm pretty sure everyone who knows how to read English would have understood the diff without reading any comments. The amusing comment was no big deal in this case, IMO. Situations differ. Absolute rules for all circumstances are far more of a cancer than a little levity. At least w/ Top Gear, they definitely are. Don't most stoves in the US use 220? EDIT: oops, just realized that these are likely electric kettles. I was thinking of the stovetop variety. It looks like that link is no longer available. > But Linus said she lied. Strictly speaking, he didn't. "Compare these two statements - one from July 2011, one from yesterday, and tell me Carmen Ortiz isn't lying.." Perhaps Linus' words were "carefully crafted" too. He didn't strictly say she was lying, but he sure did imply that she was deliberately deceiving. You said: "If Linus said she made two _deliberate deceptions_, he'd be absolutely correct." Hmmm... (FWIW, I think deliberate deception is the same thing as lying) It works for some things. There is still no MMS (for most people), and the text messaging still isn't properly integrated into Android[1]. I still use it, but these issues are major annoyances, and haven't been fixed after several years. [1] Yes, I realize that it can be set as the default app for sending texts. Unfortunately this does not make third party texting apps work with it. What should be possible is to use it as the underlying text message provider, just like my carrier would be without Google Voice. Then all of the regular apps that know how to send/receive text messages would work with it seamlessly. To get over 1000 minutes, this would cost >$100/month. I'm not sure why it should cost more than a mobile plan for that. The pricing plans need a lot of work, IMO. I don't see where he said he was proud of it. I upvoted you, because I think you raise a valid question. IMO, to build a successful smartphone that is appealing to the average user, that smartphone will require a base of desirable applications. I see basically two routes to attempt to achieve this: 1) Build a phone that is so desirable to average users that app developers will find it profitable to develop for it (eg, iPhone). 2) Build a phone that is so desirable to developers that many will pick it up regardless of the profitability of the market. Then hope that these apps are of sufficient quality/desirability that they become part of making the phone desirable to average users. #1 is incredibly difficult to achieve right now due to the maturity of the market, with two major players. Even Microsoft is having a tremendous amount of difficulty with this route. For Canonical, I believe it would be effectively impossible. With #2, getting to step 1 (modest developer adoption) is easy. Where it often breaks down, is in getting the developers to build apps that aren't just appealing to them (eg, more terminal apps, more ssh apps, more special purpose tools that appeal to geeks, etc). But modest developer adoption is better than no adoption at all, perhaps? I honestly don't see Canonical having much success with this at all, but I don't think avoiding apps that are appealing to coders will help in their case. >Let's remember that this machine is $50 cheaper than the vaporware Samsung ARM ChromeBook. In what way is the Samsung ARM ChromeBook "vaporware"? It seems to be available: http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-XE303C12-A01US-Chromebook-Wi-F... There doesn't seem to be much benefit to the ARM over the "crippled Intel Celeron" so far: http://gigaom.com/2012/10/22/intel-v-arm-the-chromebook-perf... Do these machines have traction in the dev community? Aside from a couple of blog posts like this, I haven't really seen much. AFAIK, most sales are still to schools and a few enterprise installations: http://techcrunch.com/2013/02/03/maybe-those-chromebooks-wer... "Still, with over 2,000 schools now using Chromebooks, the real market for these devices sure seems to be in the education space. Over the last year or so, I’ve heard from a number of educators that they prefer to use Chromebooks with their students than an iPad (their students probably think the exact opposite…). Not only are they obviously cheaper and come with service contracts and management consoles for administrators, but having a full keyboard and larger screen clearly make them attractive devices in the view of many teachers and school administrators. The fact that the devices auto-update regularly and are pretty much safe from viruses also makes for an attractive selling point when compared to traditional laptops. For Google, of course, this also means many of these kids will grow up in the Google ecosystem of Gmail and Google Drive, which surely isn’t going to hurt it once these students go on to college or get jobs." If it's measuring public wifi, then I'm not surprised. I rarely see better than 2-3Mb. My HSPA+ phone easily beats almost every public wifi that I've seen, aside from the issue of data-caps. "You only save money with open office is your needs are very limited, your time is worth nothing, and everyone you might ever send a document to is also using OpenOffice." You do make some good points, but this sentence doesn't fit at all. There are quite a few scenarios where LibreOffice can be a $$$-saver, and it certainly doesn't require your time to be "worth nothing". That's true, but the Android approach for accomplishing it is kind of horrible. For one, far too many apps respond to message types that don't really make sense to me. I don't know that this problem is avoidable with freedom, but the lists of available apps for any particular action are often long and very confusing. I have witnessed this confusion with users, and it really hurts the platform in a lot of cases, IMO. I can select one to be the default "always", but this doesn't work well either. If there are five applications that can receive a particular intent, my selection of "always" will be lost every single time that ANY of those five applications are updated. So, in practice, my "Always" selection typically only lasts a couple of weeks. There HAS to be a better way. Mercurial is really nice, IMO. I always preferred it over Git due to the well thought out CLI. Unfortunately, it's usage hasn't seemed to catch on outside of a few (Sun/Java). Git keeps getting better, and I'd be hesitant to put anything new on Mercurial at this point. The tooling just doesn't seem to be keeping up any more. Remote workers require at least as much management competence as local workers. A lot of companies forbid remote workers from routinely being the primary child care provider (while working) for exactly this reason. Often the companies that do this are the ones with the most liberal work-from-home policies, IMO. The default tires and default sound system have residual value when ripped out. I am sure that the dealer would be happy to give you some fraction of their worth and then provide you the car without them. Or you could sell them yourself. Windows, OTOH, is something that you pay for, but generally comes in an OEM license. This license is non-transferable in most cases. How do we know that the number of people who work remotely are only 300-500? It seems to me that one of the big issues here is that Yahoo! has lumped together three types of workers: 1) Those who work remotely (not near an office) 2) Those who work near an office, and work from home 1-2 days per week 3) Those who work near an office, and have a regularly scheduled day off ("work from home") 1-2 days per week I suspect that he may be right that there are only 300-500 of category 1. IMO, these are the people that are getting unfairly hit by this particular move. Categories 2-3 need to be sorted and dealt with as appropriate. This move seems like a reasonable thing to do for Yahoo! to deal with them, under the circumstances. > it's also quaint to think of the days when a young kid put his home address on the internet and bad things didn't happen. Why would bad things happen due to that? Are there roving gangs of thieves desperately searching the internet for the addresses of people to rob? I really doubt things have much in this regard, and one likely could do this just as easily (and with the same relative safety) as in the past. OTOH, it tends to be far less useful/necessary now. Strange... I was able to enable third-party sources and install APKs from the web with no issues on my Kindle Fire HD. I don't think that it would be impossible to install an appstore on one. "Notably Gmail is better on the iPhone..." Interesting... I've always used Android and assumed the Android GMail client was better than the iPhone one. In what way is the iPhone GMail client better? RHEL has had update-alternatives for a while now as well. Java might have been, but I am not sure about Dalvik. Without the Java language conversion, I doubt Oracle would have ever bothered to attack Dalvik. On the other hand, so far this case has been nothing but a boondoggle for Oracle. It seems that is unlikely to change at this point. Agreed... FWIW, I remember something similar happening to both US Airways and United Airlines within a few weeks of each other about 1.5 years ago. Maybe he meant https://stackoverflow.com/ ? I see this statistic and think it makes the stated reasoning even less logical. From the article: "people are more productive when they're alone," and then stressed "but they're more collaborative and innovative when they're together. Some of the best ideas come from pulling two different ideas together." Really? 200 of 12,000 people were the difference between a collaborative environment and a non-collaborative one? I am willing to accept that their reasons may have been good, and may work for them. I simply disagree with virtually everything that they have chosen to describe as their reasoning. I think that they deal with this problem. Doesn't a modal dialog popup if an email is being slow to send (and you hit the close button on the tab)? I had the same thing happen for one of my cars. It seems like it has to be a glitch. Don't the 32bit and 64bit versions cost the same amount? I'm not sure why this would make MS angry. The file is a standard, but the contents are not. For the most part, that makes sense, but it would be nice if there were a few standards there. Eg, DISABLE_ALL_SERVICES=true|false. :) More examples here: http://serverfault.com/questions/526075/fixing-services-that... As it is, figuring out exactly how to do this has to be done for each service. It's tedious, IMO, though I understand the history of why this is the case. I've been on flights where inflight wifi was $$, but inflight WiFi access to Skymall was free. I don't think the growing availability of Wifi will hurt them among the type of people who buy their overpriced (and often useless) merchandise. When you feed coins to an arcade machine, you are essentially renting someone else's equipment for some period of time. The idea that occupying someone else's machine for a longer period of time would cost more than for a shorter period is a reasonable expectation on the part of the consumer[1]. There is no similar expectation when purchasing a game. It doesn't make sense for me to have to rent more time on a game on my own hardware[2]. [1] Nevertheless, the comparison is apt in some ways, as the process of encouraging people to feed more coins often distorted the gameplay in the same was as it does with IAP-based games. [2] I know, the current reason for much of this is that MANY casual gamers are resistant to put even $1 down initially. There are very few models that work for games targeted at this crowd, and IAP may actually be the best approach here. Is that documented anywhere? It would be crazy for AT&T to restrict access to AlarmManager. I would think that would break a large proportion of apps in the store. Cf: http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/AlarmMana... This is a very common API. This looks like it would do what you want: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/david-toledo/the-practic... This isn't talking about the same phone. Although it would be funnier if it were. The Ubuntu Edge for the network with more EDGE (2G-only areas) than anyone else! I like T-Mobile, but their network is sadly behind in many areas. It's also suffering from capacity problems in my area now. I think the reviews on this one are a pretty good indication of where this is going: http://www.amazon.com/LEnfant-tasse-portrait-Jean-Monet/dp/B... If it is going to work, then they have a lot of work left to do. I had a professor who unwittingly encouraged this kind of rote study. His questions were word questions that required you to describe in details certain concepts from the course material. All of that is good (in theory), but his grading approach was to mark off a point or two for minor discrepancies. In theory, this meant that if you had the concept, without memorization you would get points. In reality if you didn't include all keywords from the lessons, you would be docked points. People who memorized extremely well and parroted back his words almost verbatim would do well. People who worked to understand the material and write back their understanding often wouldn't. Sigh. The sad thing was is that from a classroom learning standpoint, he was one of the best professors there. But I would often end up avoiding his classes (my memory is often terrible at rote learning). Yeah, for a long time MySQL was completely easy on Windows, and Postgres required Cygwin. Granted, that was years ago now, but I think it hurt adoption significantly. Also, there has long been a perception that Postgres was slower. I still run into that from time to time today. It's worth noting that OpenJDK has had this fixed for a couple of months now: https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2013-2463 AFAIK, Oracle Java 1.6.0 is EOL, and thus does not receive patches in a timely manner (if at all). I don't think the Java Sandbox has had significantly more security holes than other similar sandboxes (eg, Flash). Most of these vulnerabilities are only applicable to environments which are required to run untrusted code. Here's a little comparison: Computer - Can see 360 degrees, 100% of the time - Can read the movement of obstacles in real-time, with very accurate estimate of each surrounding vehicle's speed - Can run 100s of simulations per second to estimate the odds of an impact - Can react almost-instantly with correct inputs to the brake and steering based upon real-time instant of surface conditions Human - Can react within .7 seconds with correct inputs to the brake and steering based upon real-time instant of surface conditions in ideal conditions - Can see ~180 degrees, with significant focal-point limitations - Can guess other vehicles reactions based upon experience Which do you think will have a better reliability rating in many typical driving scenarios? I'm not saying which way I lean on this. :) Nokia is like a ship with a hole in it, and Elop's job is to get it pointed in the right direction. Except he hasn't. He's just bailed water a little faster, and slightly reduced the sink rate. I give them credit for doing something daring and different (betting on Windows when they knew noone else would). It was a big gamble, though, and at least so far, it hasn't paid off. Android would have been a far safer bet in the short-term at the very least. Well, FileNotFound is a popular addition from what I hear. They were exceptionally large words. (Actually, I think that was just completely wrong... I have no idea how someone could have come up with that number) If they had done this a year ago, with Nokia quality cameras and design, it could have been successful. Right now, I have a lot of doubts. The name will obviously have to change, and I have a lot of doubts in their ability to create quality hardware with meaningful differentiation from what is already out there. Without a lot of funding, this will just end up being a rebadged version of something already available in China, IMO. The Moto X (and it's Verizon brethren) are selling pretty well so far, and they are US only at the moment. They also have dual-core CPUs and relatively modest specs by modern standards. No OS magic is required to make this run acceptably, Android does just fine on its own (as it does on my 2 year old Tegra 2 tablet running 4.3). There is a meme floating around that only Samsung makes money on Android, and that only high-end devices are profitable. Neither aspect of this has much evidence behind it. You are getting downvoted a lot (for various reasons I'm sure), but you really do make a good point. The jump from 16GB to 32GB is $100 w/ the iPhone. I think a lot more people would jump for $50. But probably not enough to sacrifice the (generous) margins given by a $100 increase. In my experience, power users need less storage than non-power users. How many novices have you seen with 16GB nearly full of photos and videos? I marked dislike on Actionscript because of AS3. Actionscript is basically Javascript, but with Actionscript 3 they added type annotations for static typing features. IMO, it did not fit in well with the language, and the integration between the two worlds (static vs dynamic typing) was poorly handled. T989 - Either an international variant, or a T-Mobile one that has been unlocked. 4.1 is readily available, and I think he used ones are ~200. Or you could find a Nexus 4 used. I bet some of those are in your price range. Neither has LTE, though, not sure if that is a requirement for you. > It's so incredibly unnecessary for so many different types of work, yet people still do it. Trained monkeys. It doesn't help that finding remote work is extremely difficult. Or at least that has always been my experience. Teslas do not take hours to charge when Superchargers are taken into account. The Superchargers can charge 50% in 30 minutes (80% in 40 minutes)[1]. [1] http://www.teslamotors.com/supercharger One could argue that the advertising situation has changed. Back in 2005, the types of banner ads that they opposed were heavy, often Flash driven punch-the-monkey junk. Now, they are putting non-animated (from the samples that I have seen) banners that are completely relevant to your search. Does that argument hold up? I don't really think it does. But maybe that is their angle? Apache Wave (I believe the intial code was contributed by Google): http://incubator.apache.org/wave/source-code.html I don't think it has gained much traction, though. VIA Motors is the closest thing to this that I know of: http://www.viamotors.com/ I hope you can find it... that issue has been driving me nuts for a few months now. (Granted, I haven't noticed it happening quite as much with the latest version in Fedora 19, maybe some of the issues have been fixed?) True, but that is still tens of thousands of people. Yes, that is the assertion in the article. *(though I draw the line at one maintenance script I saw last year. It was a Python script where every other line was os.system. It just struck me as rather pointless starting a Python interpreter if you're just going to use it like a shell script - you might as well do the whole lot in the shell to begin with).* FWIW, one of my favorite features of Perl syntax is that you can do things like this. A lot of my quick-and-dirty sysadmin scripts end up being Perl scripts with lots of backticks. It's handy for when they grow (as they often do) into more full-featured scripts. Same here... I have seen tons of XBox One advertising over the weekend, but very little about the PS4. The browser that is included with Android 4.4's source code is Chromium. This is still available. I'm not really sure what the author is trying to say, but it seems like an inaccurate article to me. I personally feel like AS3 is a less-dynamic version of Java. Making a statically typed language less dynamic than Java does not impress me. (I know that you can write in the more dynamic Javascript style w/o type markers, but the integration between those two worlds in AS3 is very poor) I agree... it is still horrible, but it seems to be slightly less horrible now. This was my first though as well, although the attack this time wasn't really SSH-based. It really does greatly reduce the frequency of attacks. Well, his choice of runtime was well over 5 years old (JBoss 4), and apparently not being kept up to date. I bet there are plenty of frameworks with security holes when not updated for five years. It also sounds like he may have been exposing the entire app server via his frontend proxy. Both mistakes are amazingly easy to fall into, unfortunately. That page appears to be down as well. I guess everyone is checking it at the same time. :) Is that a BSD thing? I've never had to enable it on Linux to avoid killing the process. It's interesting that you bring up sports and the military as examples. I suspect that neither of those emphasize team interviews to determine cultural fit to anywhere near the extent that the tech industry does. To counter your anecdotes, here are some more anecdotes: - Windows XP - Power went out at a critical stage of updates. Completely hosed the system, and wasted hours of my life having to rebuild (including rebooting multiple times to get updates installed again after the recovery). - Windows 7 - Cable giving my router IP addresses. Called ISP tech support... they had me manually plug the cable in and type cryptic commands at a DOS prompt. Is that unacceptible too? Also, I'm really baffled as to how the network going down could kill a Fedora update. The downloads happen before any significant filesystem modification in every version that I have ever used (certainly any recent one). I guess maybe some third party package does something weird during a POSTINSTALL script? I dunno. My usage falls into three categories: - Netflix (a lot) - Tab Casting (occasionally) - Youtube (very seldom) I suspect that AppleTV would work better for everything except for the tab casting for me. Even with the current limitations, I don't know of another settop box that does that as effectively as the Chromecast. Having said that, I have still been mostly disappointed with the device so far, as tab-casting has been basically the only free solution to local streaming so far. I am optimistic that this will change soon if the SDK is really open, though. FWIW, the Moto G comes pretty close to this. A lot of the cheap Android tablets do as well. I haven't looked into the API in-depth, but I can imagine some (fairly hackish) ways to accomplish this that wouldn't require much support from the native API. I hope someone does it. Almond+ is probably worth looking at. It isn't fully open-source (AFAIK), but OpenWRT is used for the underpinnings, and is fully available. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2037429657/almond-80211... The beta units are just now shipping, and I would expect full production to be underway within a few months. I won't entirely blame the legal interference for Microsoft's software design in IE. It would have been possible to keep the core HTML components without shipping a functional browser frontend. It would have also been possible to make these core HTML components versionable, so that a given Windows version could offer multiple versions of IE at the same time. The fact that they failed to do both of those things wasn't the fault of the courts. Some of their design decisions were explicitly made to make the browser itself appear more integral than it really was. I do get what you are saying, I just think it is a weak incentive. If you were making $96k would you forego part of your income in order to get a subsidy? Again, I'm not necessarily disagreeing with you w/r/t policies outside of the ACA, but weren't we talking about health insurance and a guy that makes $96k? In looking at the tables for Health Insurance Marketplace subsidies, I just don't see the major impact here. Having used Visual Studio, I am not convinced that native code vs. VM-based code is the issue. :) I was expecting some general trends that are not improving, and that indicate things that the industry should work on. There definitely are some (sigh). Instead I see: - Android phones have bad USB ports - Android phones have bad batteries - iOS phones have a bad browser - Some ramblings about WiMax (huh?) - A conclusion that wonders if we will feel like idiots when these problems are fixed (huh?) Which of these problems are not being fixed? Android battery life seems to be improving, at least in the devices that I tend to look at (Moto X, Moto G, LG G2, Note 2/3). The only Android device that I have had USB issues with was a SGSII (funny that his was the same :) ), but in general improvements to battery life improve that problem as well, as they reduce the number of cycles on the connector. I know nothing about iOS and its browser, but there is a good chance alternatives will form there as well. Should we really be focusing on some sort of idea that because things aren't perfect and tradeoffs have to be made, "technology still sucks"? It feels a bit like saying that all cars suck because my GT86 can't haul my boat. (Note: Don't take the above as bashing. The story is just a guy ranting on his blog, and not every blog rant has to purport to be something profound to serve its purpose. There is nothing wrong with that.) Yeah, it starts up fast. But there are still pauses and freezes when it does certain things. I don't find them to be particularly less significant than pauses in Jetbrains' products (which also startup pretty quick here). Two of the GMS moves do really bother me: 1) Location API changes - Moving these into GMS is a bad decision, and I think hurts the core platform 2) Hangouts - Moving messaging into a non-standards compliant and closed source solution hurts everyone (except Google, at least in the short-term) These to me indicate a move towards a more closed model within Google generally, and I think that is terribly unfortunate. > I predict a similar change will also come for Android. Because grandmas need protection of course. I'm not sure what this means. This is the way it has always worked in Android. In order to install apps from third-party sources, you have to enable developer mode. It's easy to do (just check a box in the right place), and is a reasonable precaution, IMO. Most of the malware that is available for Android comes from third-party sources. Yes, it's a good idea to be wary. As with most regulations, you'll get by with it as long as nothing goes wrong. The problem is that there are a lot of things that can go wrong. A few years ago, I read about a case involving a friendly fellow (private pilot) who received a call from his neighbor in the night about a sick relative. The two were friends, so the pilot offered to take the neighbor by plane to save time. The neighbor asked if he could pay to help offset the expenses, and the pilot said that the only thing legal would be to share fuel expenses (split 50/50). At this point everything seemed fine. However, the neighbor wasn't accustomed to the high cost of fuel in aviation and decided to check if the cost was reasonably calculated. Since he didn't want to appear accusatory, he called someone he thought would know, and this happened to be the FAA. The FAA saw this as him asking about the cost of the flight, involved themselves, and ruled that this flight did not meet the "Common Purpose" criteria, and it ultimately ended in an enforcement action. Here is a link to an FAA letter on the subject of ride boards. Unfortunately, it doesn't bring a lot of concrete clarity, but it definitely makes it clear that there it would be easy to cross the line with these: http://www.pilotsofamerica.com/forum/showthread.php?t=20956 I love flying, but I can understand that perspective. It's the same perspective that non-gamers tend to have about games. It's just fiddling around with a controller in front of a screen, what's fun about that? The same could be said of plenty of other hobbies (what's fun about fishing, for example?). But for the people that do enjoy it, it's obviously much more than that. It's about the challenge, the scenery along the way, and the places that you can easily reach with an aircraft that aren't necessarily so easy with just driving. Of course, people are wired differently. Maybe none of those things appeal to you personally. I think that is true for a lot of people, actually, and that is one of the reasons that flying is such a small niche hobby (obviously there are a lot of other reasons as well). I believe that trials are allowed on the Google Play Store. I wish that these were more widely used with Android games. To your first point, in general you face far fewer risks regarding such issues on employer covered plans within the US than on self-bought plans. The group policy should cover these types of issues, without risk of rescission[1]. As to your second issue, I agree with this. I think tying these things together has had a large and unfortunate impact both on people and on the US economy. The ACA is far from perfect, but it does at least move some of this in the right direction. [1] If it isn't obvious, I am speaking in generalities. As with all insurance, some conditions and medications are covered more prevalently and conveniently than some others. FWIW, I have started to avoid Yahoo Sports since the redesign. The site is much slower and more difficult to navigate than it was before. On a truck? No A-10 can fly while missing an entire wing. :) > If you put a bad CD in it you can lock the whole window manager up while it's thrashing the CD to be head or tales of it. Sometimes crash it. I remember visiting a relative's house a few years ago and noticing that they were very fastidious about removing a game CD from the drive when they weren't using it to improve performance. I thought it was a bit silly, as surely no OS would slow down dramatically just because a CD was in the drive. Of course, this was because I had been using Linux pretty much exclusively for quite a while. The Windows machine (running 7, if I recall) actually was really slow to open file dialogs and other basic things as long as the disc was in the drive. There was nothing wrong with the disc, its just that lots of things synchronously accessed it and weird times. I made me realize just how much less unpleasant OSes had become since I left that platform. I disagree with your assertion that this is a "very abnormal situation". However, I think that I agree with your main assertion. The improvement isn't really specific to bringing in Agile, but rather to giving the team a clear focus, and way to measure their improvement in deliverables. There are many ways to do that, it's just that Scrum happens to be a relatively straightforward and lightweight way to introduce that in a way that is compatible with many of these teams. Unlike a lot of those bad approaches, though, I don't think Scrum is necessarily a hindrance to a properly functioning team. There are a lot of good ideas in Scrum that are designed to get obstacles out of the way, IMO. So are you saying that there are cases where you have a choice like this? 1. Buy the item from Vendor X for $19.99 with Prime "free" shipping (fulfilled by Amazon) 2. Buy the item from Vendor X for $14.99 with $4.99 shipping (not fulfilled by Amazon) If so, then I would still choose the Prime option. Items that are fulfilled by Amazon fall under Amazon's support and return policies, which are excellent. Third-party sellers not selling under those terms tend to have much less favorable customer protections. Obviously those protections (and the integrated shipping) come at a cost, but my point is that there is more to it than just "free" vs. non-free shipping. As a US worker, I greatly prefer pooled vacation days. The companies that I have worked for that don't have this have _at most_ 15 days of paid vacation (usually either 10 or 12 until I had a few years of work there and had it increased). They had separate sick time, but only ~5 days of it. The pooled vacations one have 16-20 with sick bundled in. It's about the same if you are sick for more than 5 days (you'd lose either way). If you are sick for less than 5 days, pooled is clearly better. > One of the classic signs of a conspiracy theory is that it is not falsifiable: evidence to the contrary is actually evidence of the the theory! "Evidence" that could be evidence in either direction isn't useful evidence. :) The theory that they probably failed to pay some party (whether financially or some other form of power-kickback) was my first thought on reading the initial story. It seems to be as valid of a theory as any other without clear evidence pointing either way. Is that what happened? I honestly have no idea, thus I have no idea whether this incident points towards more or less corruption. I also had to hit enter several times on a few of these. It looks like there are some bugs on a few of them. I agree... StringUtils is awesome, but "foo".equals(someVariable) is not a case where it's use is important. Understanding that there is the possibility of an NPE and reading enough of StringUtils contract to understand that it deals with requires approximately the same level of "cleverness" as understanding the "foo".equals(bar) behavior. Code reviews should focus on more important things than this, IMO. You didn't import Scanner, and java.util.Scanner (what I assume you are using) does not have a readLine method. :) To me, he just looks like the next Giuliani. He has no chance in IA and may do ok in a few states in the NE. He will not win SC, and I don't think he has a chance at FL either. I don't think that presents a viable path to the nomination. > Try putting yourself in Eric Schmidt's shoes: from his perspective, the greed of an individual employee to generate recruiting commissions by violating a strict policy endangered a key strategic relationship. If said employee were aware of the policy, then he would surely no that this candidate was non-hireable, right? Firing for that sounds like a mistake. If we take the article at face value, his firing certainly does not look justifiable. On the other hand, the emails do not make it clear as to whether this was the recruiter's only policy violation. I agree... I really like the Chromecast most of the time. Browsing for content on the phone or tablet is much easier than via a remote sometimes. But there are other times when I wish there were another option available as well. Or just press the power button, which actually does make a lot of sense. There are a lot of things about Metro that I dislike, but killing the "don't touch the power button on a computer" idiom is one that I do like. Think pure thoughts. :) (for those who don't get the reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGX7N-CoaPo ) I don't really blame them either. Android will not automatically update apps that ask for additional permissions. I suspect that a lot of users end up never updating apps like this. It makes a lot of sense for the developer to request everything that he might want upfront. Since you said "Many" (even 1% could be many by some definitions) it is hard to dispute your assertion. Nevertheless, I think the # of Americans that can point out the US on a world map is well over 90%. I don't see any definitive data to the contrary. Maybe this should say that Ruby exceptions are hard to Google for? I search for Java Exceptions rather frequently, and frequently find good results. The article that you referenced says that 7/10 can find China on a map. I'd be willing to bet that a far larger number can find the US on a map. I'm pretty sure the poster that I was responding to was taken in by a fake study. The overwhelming majority of Americans can find the US on a map. I'm not sure what good this would do. Wouldn't the spammer just include the ones that had not opted in (while claiming otherwise)? It'd be hard to prove them wrong. I have a phone with a slightly larger screen than a Galaxy S5, that is also slightly smaller (LG G2). The efficient use of space mitigates the (few) disadvantages of a larger screen. A phone that is bulky and has a large screen would be impractical. That's why size matters. I don't really know who they are targetting with this device or their anticipated volume, so it is hard to say whether this will be "successful" or not. It seems certain to me that this is not a mass-market offering, though. The best reason, IMO, is that the tools around KVM (using QEMU) and virt-manager are becoming much more pleasant to use than their VirtualBox counterparts. The GUI could still use some cleaning up, IMO, but overall I have found the experience much more pleasant in recent virt-manager releases than the VirtualBox way of doing things. Fighting for share of the pie in the Android market would have created far more sales than fighting for crumbs of a virtually non-existent pie in the Windows market. Having said that, I agree with your final point. If you view the whole thing as a setup to extract maximum value via an acquisition, it might make sense. They may have been worth more as a MS acquisition target selling Windows phones than they would have been had they gone down the Android path. It's entirely possible that neither path would have led to sustainability as a standalone entity. I can see where it looks that way, but I don't think the effects are like that in practice. From the Wikipedia page, it appears that the career effects of this for the pilots involved were fairly minor, given the mitigating circumstances. It's unlikely that the patent licensing situation would have been different with Java ME. It is entirely likely that it would not have been completely open source due to Sun (and ultimately Oracle) restrictions on Java ME. Some of the content on JSTOR was actually public domain content. At the time, JSTOR did not make this publicly available. It is definitely debatable to consider the downloading and distribution of public domain material to be robbery. Since then, JSTOR has released these documents freely themselves[1]. They have also stated that this was their intention all along. [1] http://about.jstor.org/news/jstor%E2%80%93free-access-early-... But the "whole pie" in this case was just a few crumbs leftover from Android and iPhone. :) Arguably, one of the companies trying this is Motorola. They are certainly gaining market share (if not immediate profits). You may find the RDO distribution easier to get started with: http://openstack.redhat.com/Main_Page > The Lumia 520 costs $70 in the USA without a carrier subsidy and without a contract. I know this because I own one and because I just checked a few online retailers to see if they had increased the price. Prepaid carriers often still discount phones to prices that would not be workable without the expectation of the phone being used on their network. Similar things have happened with the Moto G, which retailed for ~180 in the US, but is readily available from prepaid carriers for ~100. Time will tell, but I expect that some will retail the Moto E for There are certainly places where they exist purely as a revenue function, but I don't think that it is accurate to imply that this is the case everywhere. Where do you see a figure for Apple TV profits? I haven't seen where that is broken out. On Android they sometimes do install OS level stuff (libraries, etc). I think he has a good point. The biggest difference I see is that package managers on most Linux distributions are designed to be extensible to support other sources. Application stores generally are not. I once voted -1 on someone for not having a good answer to this one a language that he had used for years. I regretted the vote later, as he turned out to be excellent. Having said that, it does surprise me that people have a hard time with this. Certainly I hope that you like your chosen language and understand the tradeoffs being made, but that is the point of the question really. Surely you can reason about these tradeoffs and have a discussion in this area? If your language is Java and you talk about how you are ok with their decision on erasure because of the legacy concerns, that's a good answer. I may (or may not) agree, but it's still a perfectly good answer. :) OTOH, it is strange to me that someone would have worked in a language for 10+ years and literally can't come up with anything that they dislike (even understanding the reasons for those limitations). No matter how good something is, it is hard to imagine working with anything (or anyone) for ten years without coming up with a few pain points. Fired employees are not always eligible for unemployment: http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/unemployment-benefits... It looks like a one-day unlimited pass is available: https://smartrip.wmata.com/storefront (although I don't think that price is attractive for basically anyone) The Apple Watch has widgets, but I didn't see where the phone had it. I hear this type of opinion from time to time, and I honestly don't understand where it comes from. My computer back in 1998 didn't do nearly as much as my machine today, and yet my machine today responds to everything almost instantly. It's probably an order of magnitude faster than the Linux desktop that I had in 1998. So did anyone with a pulse. :) The only part that garnered widespread opposition was the sixth point ("the most important reason"). Apple later reversed course on that particular position. And yet in his own words, the "most important reason" was to prevent other companies from using cross-platform libraries (such as Adobe Air) on the platform. That reason was reversed, and Adobe Air (including what was essentially compiled Flash) became available on iOS. (see daring fireball for more information: http://daringfireball.net/2010/04/iphone_agreement_bans_flas... ) The old Netscape Java Applet APIs supported dom manipulation: http://www.java2s.com/Code/JavaScript/Development/UsingJavaS... I believe that other browsers that supported applets supported these APIs as well. I don't think that anyone really wants to bring back Java Applets, though. I understand why these types of compilers lack reflection support, but it still bothers me (and general makes me want to avoid them). JavaScript is naturally a very dynamic environment, and both Java and Scala have some pretty strong dynamic capabilities of their own. But somehow when they are combined (GWT or Scala.js) you end up with something that is more static than Java or JavaScript. I know the reasons have to do with the static compilation optimization, but I still think this is a huge downside relative to languages that are designed for the browser from the start. It was reversed: http://playcontrol.net/ewing/jibberjabber/apple-ios-license-... Also, Adobe Air does not compile to Objective C, though it doesn't run in a conventional Flash VM either. See also: http://www.adobe.com/cn/devnet/logged_in/abansod_iphone.html http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6903202/adobe-air-ios-pac... Maybe this is an issue on iOS, but on Android you would just hit the back button. It's not the ideal experience, although the last time that I viewed the Play Store from a browser on mobile that was also pretty far from ideal. On Android, clicking a link in the browser generally takes you to the default application for that type of url. If there is no default set, then it will give you the choice of what to use to go there (possibly including the browser in the case of a link like this). Firefox doesn't support that, and would instead take you to the play website, that really doesn't perform well on a lot of mobile devices. I'm guessing this factored into their decision to discourage its use. I don't necessarily agree with this decision, but I think it is an exaggeration to imply that there is some evil intent here. It's not keeping you from doing anything that you could do before, and if you are really eager to get to the site just tap "Request Desktop Site" and it will still load. I switched user agents on Firefox on my mobile to see. It was not a good experience (it was actually quite slow, and I have a relatively fast device). As a technical user of Firefox who didn't know about either of these, I think I can say that they are not intuitive. I don't consider them to be "nicer ways" than the default behavior. > I definitely would not hold up Google's intent design UI in Android as some sort UI panacea. Yeah, I completely agree with this. Both Google and the hardware vendors have tried many different ways to both select and change the default. They are all terrible, just in different ways. I had a Samsung phone (T-989) that would open a popup after you selected a default app informing you of how to change the default later. It would do this every single time, so picking a default always took at least three taps. It was by far the worst implementation that I have seen. The AOSP behavior in Kit Kat is still the best so far, IMO, but it still isn't friendly at all to non-technical users. It's a hard problem. If it wasn't someone would have solved it already. Google Wallet works (and has worked) just fine with NFC payments on my Verizon phone. This is much less of an issue with modern phones due to changes in the way the secure element works. (EDIT: To be clear, I am talking about this: https://developer.android.com/about/versions/kitkat.html#44-... ) "long distance" charges continued for a long time after the split up. I'm not convinced that the splitup was a causal factor at all with regards to those going away. (As a reference, my most recent landline also had long distance charges just a couple of years ago. Getting unlimited was cost prohibitive relative to the benefit.) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QM3InfEH-cU If I type "add printer" into the search on Fedora (Gnome Shell), the first item in the list is "Printers" with helpful text letting me know that this is the tool for adding printers. It's much easier than it used to be, IMO. As an OS/2 user twenty years ago, I disagree. Really, it was about twenty years ago that I switched to Linux which didn't crash due to a simple application crash either. Stop making me feel old. :) I suspect that the proportions will be similar. There are plenty of amazingly reliable vehicles being built today. Ugh, I am glad that I had not noticed that before. He also mentioned using a simple shared drive. It would have been difficult to know which of these solutions was the right level of complexity and capability without knowing more context (a point which he seemed to make clear). I have worked on plenty of projects where both of those would have taken much longer than that with a non-DVCS. It was volatile before his passing as well. I think earnings volatility is an excellent explanation. That's not entirely true. A lot of public government data is fed into the creation of Google Maps. Google Wallet's NFC payments immediately send an email receipt. It works pretty well. Depending upon your definition of "memory leak" it may be impossible to prevent them at the language level. Java's claim was much narrower than that. AFAIK, upgrades are only supported from Windows 7 and up regardless whether the product is paid for. As someone that has had a CAC, it does work on non-IE browsers (including on non-Windows OSes) for most government sites. I would have guessed much higher for IE (closer to 50%). I'm glad that it is ~30%, as that means we have a relatively competitive market with a diverse array of quality products to choose from (and yes, that includes recent versions of IE). I'd prefer a new Descent Freespace. The story line and gameplay in that game were fantastic. That's an understatement. It's unbelievable to me how quickly we have moved from Now if only the laptop manufacturers would include SSDs in more mainstream models. It's depressing walking into the average computer retailer and seeing practically every shelf stuffed with slow HDs and salesmen trying to pitch the huge importance of minor differences in processor speed. And then the cron job (that only needs to work every few years) breaks and you find out about it after the fact when a user complains. > Rule: The seller is not given access to the reviewer's real identity and order number and cannot communicate with > them except for public comments (which are always a bad idea as you can be baited into a flame war by a smart competitor). I agree with a lot of your points, but not this one. As a buyer on Amazon, I love seeing sellers respond politely to reviews. I've seen sellers offer refunds, repairs, and other things a few times and this has been hugely influential in the level of trust that I had in them. On a few occasions, this has made it obvious that the original reviewer wasn't really being genuine or was just being overly critical as well. http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/S19022530/ - It looks like they are available in the US http://www.amazon.com/gp/review/RDZ1BWLOYU9CO/ref=cm_cr_pr_r... It looks like posting email addresses is possible? I have also seen phone numbers posted by sellers in cases like this before as well. I think a lot of people would hate having it be recursive by default. The Surface Pro is growing very well, though I don't think it would be accurate to say that it is signicantly taking away share from the iPad. As far as I know, the SP3 sold ~800k units last quarter, as compared to the iPad's >12 million. It's really hard to say how Android tablets are doing because the market for them is so diverse. Yes, everything about it is awkward. Is the timing right? Is the phone in the right place? Does this terminal even work with mobile payments (regardless of whether it appears to be one that _should work)? Does anyone even understand what you are doing if you have difficulty? It's not hard to see why this is having a difficult time gaining traction. The payoff for the consumer isn't particularly large, even when it works well. The notable exception might be vending machines. That has worked pretty well on the few occasions that I have tried it, and is much easier than a swipe. Yes, and there are plenty of people who would argue that is a bad thing. Oh ok. So it would be more open source if the upstream vendor contributed less. In Postgres' psql, Ctrl-C cancels the current statement. That's a more useful behavior than killing the entire psql process, IMO. I agree with some of your points, but in some ways I think you are overly optimistic. I bet that the majority of the people not in Charleston couldn't name the Charleston shooter either (not that his name is particularly important). Your point about them not knowing tax rates is absolutely accurate, though. Here is Spolsky on Java: "In particular, we didn't want to have to tell them to get a Java Virtual Machine up and running, because that's not easy, and they're not really a hundred percent compatible." https://stackoverflow.fogbugz.com/default.asp?W56 Of course, but we are talking about server side software here. It is more difficult than it looks, but then again support multiple Linux distributions with a simple Apache installer is more difficult than it looks as well. I suspect that this is a function of overestimating the effort on the Java side and underestimating both the demand and the work on the non-Windows side. They used to be an extremely Windows-centric company. Your scenario with complex software is a scenario that I have seen played out dozens of times in my career. It's always a bit bizarre when it happens. I wouldn't swap healthcare of today with healthcare from the 60s, though. Don't the latest Samsung phones (S6) still use pentile? I don't think those look bad at all. I see people switch or contemplate switching pretty regularly. There are a lot of people that don't really buy into the whole Apple experience or even run mixed environments (iPad + Android smartphone being the most common one that I see). I see a lot fewer iPhones among the non-tech/developer set than I used to. A lot of them are former iPhone users who have switched for one reason or another. I'm not saying they are a majority (they are not), but it is far from rare. There is a significant consumer safety element to the way Taxis are regulated. The fact that this is used to protect a monopoly is a separate issue and I agree that it is a real problem. The Tesla analogy is perfect, though. I've never felt like car dealerships being independently owned was a useful benefit. I don't see any reason why both models can't coexist. > EDIT: As I pointed out, right away, the first two commenters entirely missed my point. Could you clarify what that point is exactly? As written, you seem to be saying that identifying bad actors from good actors is extremely difficult due to other factors. I agree with that if that is the point you are making. I think there is something else here too, though? I agree that the Reddit user lacks the same level of credibility as the original author. On the other hand he is basically spelling out all of the things that I noticed from the original tweets. 1) The tweets mentioned normalizing currencies. In every international company that I have worked in, pay ranges varied by geography. I'm not sure how you could do this accurately as the cost of living between many countries in which Google operates is not directly comparable. 2) In reading the tweets it seemed clear that peer bonuses were only being rejected when they appeared to be for the work on the spreadsheet. I haven't worked at many companies with peer bonus systems, but most of them would have frowned on sending bonuses for something like this. It is outside of the purpose of the system. 3) Yeah, this person likes to "stir the pot" a bit. That's not always a bad thing, but it is bound to have some impact on a person's career (politics are everywhere). It's hard to separate the signal from the noise about what actually happened here. How does this turnaround time compare to the typical turnaround time for desktop operating systems? Probably only as a mirror. I haven't tried Tomato but I do use OpenWRT. I don't have anything particularly good to say about its web interface. Keepin mind that the actual protections here are relatively weak. In my experience, many of those don't care if they get the absolute latest version. And I can't blame them as many of the "improved" versions tend to come with battery and performance impacts for older devices. I do wish the vendors would keep up with security fixes, though. That's the real problem with Android updating, IMO. Why wouldn't they be allowed to fly over the Atlantic? Exactly... it isn't that GM-style revenues are priced into the stock it is that much greater than GM-style margins are priced in. Whether they will achieve that is a different (and still open) question. The Leaf is a Versa hatchback with some design flourishes. It's really not that different (though it does look better). "Nonetheless, I’ve seen multiple people defending and even celebrating it. (One outlet called it an “epic rant”.) " I don't think calling it an "epic rant" was celebrating it. http://www.itworld.com/article/3000564/linux/linus-goes-on-e... "Linus loses it in an epic rant about kernel code." isn't exactly a complimentary line, IMO. Yep... this video is informative in terms of the minutiae of some of these patents (and the alternatives): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgJiu3gr_LU That these patents exist in and of itself is not necessarily bothersome. That someone can argue that stretchy scroll is worth billions is. Thank you... it is funny how often people mistakenly try to use Dropbox for public file distribution. If it wasn't private insurance, what did you use? Yeah, it does mostly seem to be back. With the talk of needing to "mend" the database, I was sort of expecting it to take longer. I agree that the limiting factor is hard drive space. It would not have made sense to significantly increase the capacity of the drive by replacing Blu-Ray with something else. That would have just made the hard drive bottleneck even more pronounced. 500 GB really isn't enough for a heavy gamer. > Almost all video streaming services will downgrade the stream quality if they get a 1.5Mbps pipe, and any that don't are at a competitive disadvantage to anyone who is streaming from a phone and who actually only has a 1.5Mbps pipe. Yep, and this actually has some really annoying side effects for people with a lot of bandwidth but a low data cap. A lot of services have ways to manually control it, but some are surprisingly obtuse about it (Netflix). It is not really about subsidies in this case. It is about a change to Net metering and the addition of a new fixed monthly fee just for solar users. Fixed fees can significantly affect the cost of solar and some reports have this fee as high as $40/month[1]. The fact that they have also made this retroactive to existing solar customers adds a lot of uncertainty to the market as well. That can't help from a sales perspective. [1] http://cleantechnica.com/2015/12/28/nevada-solar-fee-retroac... It looks like the UK version is a lot different: http://www.cnet.com/news/nest-thermostat-finally-arrives-in-... https://nest.com/blog/2014/04/02/the-uk-just-got-a-little-mo... The Ecobee3 can be programmed to run the fans for a configurable amount of time every hour. I have run into people saying this for the last 15 years. I'm not convinced that micropayments will ever be solved. What would the total maintenance cost be over that 300k-500k period? I think that this is exactly right. I have personally observed users become confused over a URL not starting with www. Occasionally I have even seen them add it, just because it was assumed that all addresses should have it at the beginning. This might change eventually, but it will change slowly if so. Yes, and this will likely show up in shipment volume declines at some point if they don't find a way to mitigate it. I wonder if their financing plan is seeing strong uptake in the US? If it does, they may be able to boost margins a bit. I think that the APIs behind Rhino were a real hindrance, as was performance. Excellent idea... some notion of a review session would be nice. > Business guys are typically going to make more money than the coders are, it's pointless to fight this. Negotiating a better deal is pointless? What? I thought you were in favor of business. > The reason is that the business side is the human side, and humans are harder to deal with, ultimately, than computers are. I will not get into an argument about whether humans are harder or easier to deal with. I also will not get into an argument about whether software development is fraught with the same types of issues with dealing with people. Instead I will just point out that pay is not directly related to the difficulty of the work. It is a function of the value derived from the work, the availability of labor, the negotiating skill of the various parties involved, and many other factors (all to varying degrees). I agree with everything else that you said, especially the part about $$$/employee figures and their misleading nature. In general whenever you see $/(some arbitrary unit) in the financial press, be wary. It is sometimes a useful way to look at things, but it is incredibly easy to manipulate so that it ends up being a completely useless figure. I see it happen all the time, and these are often the most quotable lines as well (sadly). Yes, this rep is wrong. They started doing this before the FCC issue became an issue. TP-Link started doing this months ago, and as far as I can tell they did so before the FCC proposed regulation. Considering the time that it takes for a company like this to start acting, I would be very surprised if the FCC regulation has much to do with it at all. It does make a good excuse for them, though, I guess. I wondered the same thing. I use freenode every day and wasn't aware of any drama at all. Yeah, everything was better ten years ago. Like this ten year old youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNQXAC9IVRw (240p?). Web pages have become bloated, but they load faster on my phone now than they did on the desktop that I had in 2005. There are many frustrating things occuring with development now, but it is crazy to say that ten years ago was objectively better. I'm not sure that adding another OS was the thing to do to fight the ongoing trend towards a proprietary internet. A better browser, including a better mobile browser is much more useful than Firefox OS every could be, IMO. In fact, this is part of what makes pure OSS Android a practical environment to work in. I am very glad that they are continuing to put a lot of effort into Firefox on mobile. In my browser, this gets stuck at the "getting started" stage and never progresses. That seems to be a pretty realistic representation of his current chances in the primaries. Android doesn't run Dalvik any more and Chrome doesn't appear to be given "priority" in any meaningful sense. Their reasons may have seemed sound technically, but the business of building a phone ecosystem on a completely new OS were well beyond their abilities. > Apple is actually innocent here. Ok, I get that they were going up against a monopolist who appears to be dumping. In what world does responding to that by building a cartel of suppliers engaging in monopolistic behavior to raise the pricing above the price of physical books and fix the pricing across all retailers turn into "innocence"? We as consumers are worse off for what Apple did here. So what is an on-premise cloud? I don't see any issues at all on Firefox on Linux. If it can't be compiled to JavaScript reliably then how do you expect it to be compiled to WebAssembly reliably? I used AS3 at that time and completely hated it. It would have been a terrible approach for JavaScript to adopt going forward. TS is much more suitable for the dynamic nature of JavaScript, IMO. I know that AS3 had dynamic features, but they tended to have a lot of very strange limitations in actual use (it actually felt more limiting than pure Java code in some cases). I haven't tried Babel, though. It easily could be a better path forward. Does it have some equivalent of the typescript type descriptor files? I still don't really see the argument. It can already be debugged in its native form. I'm not sure how making the final product less readable helps with that. WebAssembly is primarily useful from a performance standpoint. It is Go and the title is interesting. I suspect that many of the upvoters didn't read the article and conclusions before voting. That usually works out ok, but sometimes it results in upvoting really obvious things like this. Well, anyone who has ever written a webpage with a single script has used it. I suspect that accounts for the overwhelming majority of developers now. I doubt that it means that majority is also writing the majority of their code in it. I'm not really seeing the issue. Struts is built on Java EE (which was implied if not explicitly stated). The backend in his scenario was built explicitly on JAX-RS (a Java EE component). He could have been a little more explicit, but I'm pretty sure that wasn't the point of his article. >> Immigrants are a self-selecting group > I find this offensive, as an immigrant. I am baffled as to what part of that is offensive. That immigrants choose to immigrate and put in the hard work to make that work out? Or are you objecting to the ideas that there are high barriers to immigration? Maybe I am just misreading something, but I am confused. Yes, comparing Linux and OSX in this graph does seem to be a less interesting data point than some of the others. In 2013 Linux and OSX made up ~38 percent of users. Now they are at ~48% while Windows has declined. Both Linux and OSX usage have continued to grow. To me that is the bigger story here. I'm pretty sure that was a joke. :) I have actually had printing fail more frequently on Windows than on Linux. Printers are quirky. Unfortunately those settings affect all devices and all connection methods. That often isn't desirable. Newer versions have a mobile data saver option, but I don't think they have rolled this out to everyone. It is a pretty annoying problem and I've never understood why they don't just provide the user with some simple options in the client. How do I do that on an Android or iOS device? I have been hearing this for about 20 years now. It still isn't true. There is a small industry of third party companies servicing hybrid vehicles at the moment, including refurbishing of battery packs. If the product is successful, similar services will emerge for Tesla products. The Mac example for batteries is an unrealistic one. For most computers, replacement batteries are actually relatively cheap. You do make a good point about the motors, though. I haven't seen much hope for an outside replacement for that, though. It may go down in relation to inflation, but I kind of doubt that it will ever go down in price in a literal sense. 35k seems to be the right price. At a PE ratio that is heading rapidly towards the single digits, I would argue that they don't have growth earnings growth priced in at all. Speed is kind of a funny thing with IDEs. All of my typical workflows are faster in Intellij than they were in Eclipse. YMMV if you are hitting different features than I am. Also, Java is an incredibly simple language. Well, he is presuming that the increased performance of a typical desktop makes the performance difference smaller. Considering that Atom performs pretty well even on my five year old desktop, that seems like a reasonable assumption. Although I think this is discounting the fact that the performance difference between desktop and mobile platforms is shrinking every year. I agree with you with regards to multithreading, though. It seems like that is actually important on both the desktop and mobile for compute intensive tasks. Sure, but I think his point is about perception. The GM brand is every bit as ugly and even if they rebadged a Tesla and sold it (or maybe an iPod) it would be perceived poorly. That is exactly how the current US law works. See also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_Independence_and_Securi... That sounds like exactly what happened in the crash scenario. The driver tapped the break, said "meh, the car will handle it" and then plowed into the car in front of them. I'm pretty leery of these systems at the moment due to people using them like this. That's just not what they are ready for at the moment and people's unrealistic expectations are leading them down dangerous paths. Tesla is not a self-driving car at this point. The fact that people rely on this as the primary means of breaking is completely crazy. > The other is to see whether, now that I'm out from under my 2 year phone "contract" with Verizon, I can coerce better pricing/capacity out of them. If you are currently paying the contract rate, you should be able to get ~20/month off. It isn't a matter of recognizing the 1%. You should be braking for yourself 100% of the time. If you occasionally fail to do so, the car will manage to save you 99% of the time. It is crazy to see a situation in which you should brake and to intentionally choose not to with a non-autonomous car. There was no engine in the front of that car. I agree that the confidentiality agreement was poorly structured. Really the whole fiasco indicates that this agreement was badly worded. The intent of the document was clearly to prevent the document itself from being used as a weapon against the company. Nevertheless it was used for that purpose. Land Rover being squarely in the middle seems very unlikely as well. This data is very suspect at best. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shockley%E2%80%93Queisser_limi... I think you math is a bit off here: > the Tesla Powerwall has 6.4kwh capacity, 5k cycles and > costs $3k. That means you can charge and decharge a total > of 32k kwh, for $3k, or in other words $9.35 cents per kwh > just to store the energy. 6.4kwh * 5k cycles == 32000 kwh for a price of $0.09375/kwh of storage. That still isn't economic in most places, of course. Oh, I see... the dollar sign that you put in front of it confused me. $9.35 is different from 9.35 cents. I have similar experiences. Bluetooth headphones on the phone have never been an issue, but the same devices become unreliable when paired with a PC. I found the NFC pairing feature to be pointless, tbh. The headphones still had to be put into pairing mode first, so the only step that it saved was going into settings on the phone and tapping the item in the list. It worked most of the time, but the one or two times that it didn't more than outweighed the benefits. I'm sure it varies from time to time depending upon the voyage. It would be interesting to see how much of the structure is modern as well. It isn't unusual to see fiberglass and other modern materials on replica ships like this. Yeah, this is really bizarre. It was confusing enough that Angular 1 and Angular 2 are completely different. Now there are two completely different versions of Angular 2 with potentially different support cycles (and different bugs). What is the advantage of this over something like a Chromebook? It seems like throwing a phone-grade CPU in it and giving it a little more capability would be more worthwhile than being completely dependent upon a tethered phone. Well, if that were the primary concern then USB tethering would work just fine as a solution. I have that regardless of whether I have this separate keyboard/monitor thing. I don't really see where it is an advantage in that scenario? There's 10 types of people in the world. The people who assume that you are wrong and interpret your words in the least logical way, and the people who assume that you are reasonable and interpret them in the way that assumes you to be logical. :) I bet this is using the same information as the builtin spam protection in Google Voice. What templating language did you use with Spring MVC? I think their plan has it costing less than 10k. 1 kwh of cells is ~$100 USD. They will likely use a 60 Kwh pack to hit the 200 mile minimum, or possibly a little bit larger with a 220 mile range. I use KeePass as well, but I have never tried it with a browser extension. That seems a little dangerous to me. AFAIK, that is just the Android HAL. I can't imagine that part using much memory. > Uber switching to MySQL over Postgre is rather scary, I wouldn't want to be a Uber investor right now. I guess you wouldn't have wanted to be a GOOG investor either? Most of their early revenue was from AdWords on MySQL. I'm pretty sure that their data rate is less than $10/GB now. I thought we were talking about McMansions? Do you really think that the shape of the support columns on the portico is what affects "healthy behaviors"? Hangouts live streaming to large numbers of recipients has been killed (Hangouts On Air) in favor of its superior YouTube equivalent. Hangouts video chat is still alive and well. Duo is the thing that will get hyped and abandoned in a year or so. Maybe then the features will get rolled into Hangouts and Messenger or something. The battery has an 8 year unlimited mile warranty. I believe that it is considered to have failed if it is at 70% capacity or below. In general, one should expect to get at least 300k miles (482,000 kms) out of a battery like the one in the Tesla before it gets anywhere close to this level. The enemy of batteries is heat. Most laptop batteries that I have had degraded prematurely due to poor heat management. Phones are kind of a different case. The phones that I have had with bad batteries to begin with (Galaxy S2, Nexus One, etc) were often recharged multiple times per day. 1000+ cycles per year for two or more years will degrade the battery a lot, as the degradation is largely based on the number of cycles. The Tesla P85D has a ~300 mile battery. Unless you are driving 300 miles per day, you are unlikely to see 1000 cycles in a year. If you do cycle it 1000 times, you've put 300,000 miles on it. That is really a completely different situation from the typical mobile phone or laptop usage scenario. This will only break the user experience if the app happens to have a bad experience in this mode and if the user happens to request to use it in this mode. It is hard to know for how many apps this would be the case. There is no way that they could guarantee that the experience would be perfect for every scenario, so that left them with two options: 1. Make the feature only work for apps that declare support for it. This would significantly degrade the user experience for some apps that would work just fine but have not been updated. 2. Make it work for everything with reasonable defaults that every app should be able to handle. Leave it up to the user to accept the degradation for the ones that don't (or to just not use those applications in those modes). From a user perspective, it isn't clear to me that option #1 was the wrong choice. I have often wondered the same thing. It seems like batteries in phones sometimes actually get smaller for no reason that makes sense to me. It might just be that the manufacturers think everyone wants a thinner device, though. I was very confused until I realized that I had a typo. I actually meant for that last line to say "Option 2". :) I actually agree with this. I implied otherwise due to a typo and now it is outside of the edit window. Oops. :) I don't see how. The cost seems to be prohibitive for them. It might make a little more sense for some consumers due to the excessively high retail rates for electricity in some regions. The article above implied that they would be about 5 miles away. I don't see that impacting home values. I get your point, but I think they are going for a slightly different strategy here. This is the highest trim level for them, produced in limited quantities and is being sold in part based upon its relatively exclusive nature. Highlighting the price difference doesn't always hurt luxury products. I'm pretty sure that it looks out of place in all of the Deskktop environments that you have mentioned. Didn't they actually have a car sales service at one time? It seems like I remember them doing something with this about 15 years ago. Making gun makers liable for all gun crime is exactly a "either you allow them to be manufactured or you don't" kind of policy. Saying that you want a solution is very different from saying that you want that solution. He didn't ask if we should "look at fixing that", he asked if IKEA should be liable. Also, 85% of statistics are made up on the spot based upon anecdotal data. Why do you assume 10% efficiency? That seems awfully low? I agree with regards to rooftop being an important part, though. It makes sense to use land that is already occupied to a large degree. It is funny that they love the spatial finder so much. Remember when Gnome did this with Nautilus? It was not a popular decision at the time. Although it obviously did have a few very vocal proponents. I think Amtrak uses cellular connections to the outside internet. Depending upon the part of the country, there is a good chance that the weak point is their link to the cellular network. People used to say that the surest sign of death for a project was to get a domain at Apache.org. This goes back at least ten years. I thought the same thing. Who would buy a model S with such a small battery and why the weird P at the beginning? Then I saw that it was Nvidia. :) It might have had that, although I seem to remember it not remembering window placement correctly. That was a long time ago, though, so I could have the details wrong. The lack of documentation about testing is a major annoyance. I really thought that they would fix that before declaring a final release of 2.0. To be fair, outside of testing I have generally found the documentation to be excellent. Also, the debugging tools seem to be pretty nice. In particular, Angular Augury looks amazing: https://augury.angular.io/ However, if you dislike the approach to templating, you will definitely dislike angular. This is one of those things that is controversial, regardless of which approach they had chosen. 18650 is a packaging size. The internals can vary. That statement is misleading as stated. There is plenty of evidence that emergency stents due to a heart attack save lives, thus prolonging the life of the person that would have died otherwise. Non-emergency stents are a different question. It seems like there is an increasing body of evidence that they do not prolong life, just as you said. Can you imagine what it would be like if every Linux distribution tried to build a competitor to Linux instead of a competitor to other distributions? That would be a hard problem even in the relatively small Unix desktop space. That is how hard the problem was to solve for Mozilla OS. They were essentially building a competing OS when they could have just been building a competing distribution. Android (AOSP) + Firefox + Firefox Market + Firefox Mail could have been amazing. Taking away those things doesn't make it not Linux. Adding those things wouldn't make it not Android. These guys could have had the best of both worlds. The lawsuit was not about the VM. Yeah, that sums up a lot of their problems really well. They were basically attacking a market segment that wouldn't exist by the time that they had completed products on the market. A lot of the things that he mentioned (package management, even development tools) don't necessarily require a GNU stack. Well, in context he was talking about replacing something that he did for his customers in a time consuming way with something that was even easier for his customers. I like support like that. :) Do they use it? Yep, this doesn't meaningfully change the equation, except for making the Nexus-quality phones even more expensive. If you liked Android before, this will look great to you (though very expensive). If you didn't like it so much before, nothing has really changed with this specific device to change your mind. The article headline is just clickbait. How terrible is it that he maintained a replacement for it instead? That is a pretty good analogy. Both are large, complex pieces of software with some fundamental flaws that lots of people complain about. Both have significantly less popular alternatives that often have larger flaws which are often ignored by the proponents of alternatives. Neither are going away any time soon. The more that you have to integrate with it, the more that you learn its lifecycle is extremely limited and poorly documented. The syntax for adding and configuring plugins is a horrible nightmare, as is the plugin API itself. Their attitude towards public vs private APIs causes a lot of pain during version upgrades of both the core platform and associated plugins. Basically, it is the worst Java build system in the world, except for all the others. In fairness to the language and tools, this seems to be more of a cultural problem than anything. You can do the same kind of version range tricks in typical Java builds, for example (Maven), but most people hardcode the values to keep builds as deterministic as possible. For some reason, the JS community seems to prefer just trusting that new versions won't break anything. Its either very brave of them really (or maybe just foolish). Since everything that he said was past tense, I'm not sure what would change? The same people who criticize 2016 Google will give 2006 Google a lot of credit. I don't see how Tesla would be any different.