That problem of "negative moves" is solved by the Chinese rules. A point is scored under them for each surrounded intersection plus each stone on the board. So you can defend any supposed weakness without losing points (you still lose sente and points if you needlessly defend when the score is not settled yet). You can even reduce your territories to two eyes each if you feel like. By the way, the Chinese rules let solve neatly all those cases handled by special rules in the Japanese rules. The bent four in the corner is the most notable one. Playing it out with the Chinese rules is a neat explanation why that corner is defined to be dead: the surrounding player defends any weakness without losing points and starts the ko. The other player has no ko threats and dies. Those defensive moves lose points under the Japanese rules so they have to make a special rule for that shape and many others. The only problem with the Chinese rules is that scoring takes longer and completely destroy the shape of the game: you fill in the territory of one player, take out the other's stones and count by grouping the stones in convenient shapes. Furthermore if you want to count during play you must remember how many stones have been captured because prisoners are returned to their bowl and are not stored in plain view (the score penalty is paid by not having those stoned on the board). Japanese rules are a shortcut that makes scoring easy but the tradeoff is the dictionary of special cases at the end of the game. I did something similar more than 20 years ago using Prim's algorithm for the minimal spanning tree. Spanning trees are not the most efficient way to generate a maze but I was studying CS and the maze generation was a good incentive to actually translate the textbook pseudocode into actual C (without the ++). I didn't do the fancy tree animation but you'll excuse me as all I had was a 80x25 ASCII terminal so it was probably a 40x12 maze :-) However I added a nethack style @ character and the hjkl keys to move from the entrance to the exit in the shorter time plus a leaderboard shared across all the users of our Unix system. Our terminals had a repeat key (i.e. keys didn't autorepeat, you had to press the repeat key as if it were a shift to make a key repeat) and that added to dexterity required to go through the maze quickly. The fastest time was in the 5-6 seconds range. I'm afraid the source algorithm has been lost on some tape long ago. HP Zbook 15 with Ubuntu here. Boot to an empty desktop: 15 seconds, typing the password included. I timed that days ago out of curiosity. Resume from suspend to RAM: maybe 2 seconds to the password prompt, plus all my programs are open and in the state I left them before suspending. I never tried hybernating to disk but I bet moving 16 GB of RAM back and forth to disk wouldn't be as fast, even to SSD (I got a dual disk system SSD+HD). I had enough syntax errors appearing after a copy and paste that ended up with difficult to spot unaligned code that I decided to use Python only for little scripts and when I'm forced to use it and nothing else would do. The problem with Python is that editors don't have hints to autoalign the code for us. Same problem with templating languages like HAML and Slim which, oh the irony, were born for Rails. Nevertheless many people like Python and it's growing strong (maybe stronger as system/desktop language than for the web) so those problems of mine are not as big as I feel they are. But how do you survive to them or make them not happen? I'm sincerely interested. I agree. go: about 2,550,000,000 results. go language: about 3,630,000,000 results. golang: about 1,950,000 results. I wish the poster published the Google query strings he used because I get very different results. Examples: gorest: 984,000 results vs 6580 in the post. ruby on rails: 11,900,000 vs 258,000. Unfortunately I couldn't find the news in English so I posted the link to google translate. A video with Italian audio is a http://vimeo.com/95952928 You can see how the holographic system looks like. A demo at 0:00, another one at 1:20 (the guy is remote there, the girl local). Skip to 4:00 for what looks like to be a different kind of hardware. We're at Ruby 2.1.x and every single gem I used in the past six months has been ported to it. I use Ruby only for Rails so I might be seeing a small environment, but it's 96 gems in the project I have in my editor right now. There are still many new projects in Ruby. I probably make half of my income with them. I agree with you, as a Ruby developer I'm not blown over when I see Python. I shake my head instead and I try to explain why. All those __method__ and all those mandatory (). The : at the end of lines. Can't the parser know when it's over like Ruby does? An else: on a line of itself is a very odd sight. And why must you have built-in functions and methods mixed into the language? Yes len(), I'm looking at you. I won't even enter into the religious war about semantic spaces, because that's a different story. It might be surprising to many, but Python feels like C to me. Maybe that's why it's popular as a system language. making people feel at home helps. Another reason of its success might be that it is a simpler C so it got many developers coming from C like languages (Java and PHP among the others). As a rubyist I feel as Guido made all sort of wrong decisions while designing Python but as Matz said "I tried to make Ruby perfect for me, but maybe it's not perfect for you. The perfect language for Guido van Rossum is probably Python." So everybody is happy and I think that the news about the demise of Python are greatly exaggerated. It's here to stay for the good and for the bad. I install rvm on my production boxes as explained at https://rvm.io/ then I put .ruby-version and .ruby-gemset files in the application directory to select the interpreter and the gemset (I might need to have different applications running - especially on staging machines). Finally I use bundle and a Gemfile. It's pretty easy. You got another answer suggesting rbenv which is also fine. Car engines are in liters over there I think. On the other side, TVs are in inches all around the world. > what common thing weighs a kg? Everything at 1 kg just seems to be too heavy I'm back from a mall so... 1 l of water is 1 kg. 1 l of wine too, for any practical purpose. Water is usually sold in 1 l bottles or 500 ml in restaurants and automatic machines. Pasta is usually sold in 500 g or 1k g boxes. Milk, sugar, flour and salt too. Oil and vinegar are usually 1 l. Butter is usually 250 g or even 125 g for smaller doses. Sure not many items seem to weight more than 1 kg but weight your clothes, you'll be surprised how heavy winter clothes are :-) Basically everything is priced either by the kg or by the liter (vegetables, cheese, meat, beverages, toothpaste, etc). It's required by law so we are able to compare different products of the same kind and different weight and get the better deal, quality aside. Obviously the label has a bigger figure for the price of the item than for the price by the kg. As you see, whatever the units are they a convenient for everyday use because all the economic and legal system is consistent with them. A transition in a country as large as the USA would be bumpy. I'd like to see it happen before I die but I won't bet anything on it, not until they are surpassed by some other country as the leader of the world. After that there might be some real economic incentive to a switch. Great, maybe it will spread to other countries :-) Actually I'd like to see the actual width of the screen (bezel included) rather than the diagonal, which is pretty useless. It's to the width that I've been looking at recently when I wanted to know which TV fits into the space I have for it. I started using vi in 1987 and switched to emacs in 1991. The macro recorder sold the editor to me. Then I scripted everything I could (I have fond memories of a mail client call vm) and eventually forgot most of elisp in the 2000's. I still use vi (vim, actually) when I ssh to servers for quick editing local configuration files. I agree that command composability and . (don't forget the dot command) are great and I sometimes miss them in emacs, especially the dot command which is like automatically defining a macro for the last command and running C-x e with a single keypress. I think this might be the defining tract of vi as much as ESC and command composability. All considered I still prefer emacs to the vastly improved vim we have nowadays. I just don't want to have to press ESC all the time before moving to another place in the edit buffer. I wonder if somebody could come out with a great idea for merging the two paradigms in some natural way. I'd love to have both emacs and vi in the same editor. There isn't enough cash to do that. Quoting http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/money/aggregates/aggr/html/in... (tab Background) "M1 is the sum of currency in circulation and overnight deposits;". From http://sdw.ecb.europa.eu/reports.do?node=1000003478 on April 2014 we had M1 = 5,498.8 billions Euro Banknote circulation data at http://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/euro/circulation/html/index.e... Banknotes: 948 billions Euro Coins: 24 billions Euro (*) One of the reasons is the mandatory minimum reserve. Check this http://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/implement/mr/html/index.en.htm... I remembered that reserve existed but I'm a noob at finance so I'm pretty sure there are more important reasons. You're not alone on that side. Every service must have its own user/password. Single sign on with fb/g+/etc is convenient but it is good especially for those companies. I run it in the Tint browser on Android and got Hacker News plus a few false positives, sites I never heard about and never been at (maybe some images included in other sites?). I got a much longer list of sites in Dolphin but that's my main Android browser. Again, many unknown sites but I can't remember or notice any random link I touch. I tried again with Chromium on Linux and got the cannot calibrate message. Firefox is my main browser and is not supported, luckily, let me add :-) I got one and I'm starting to experiment. I discovered that soldering can be a problem. First, I had to buy a solder. Second, physics is merciless and a mistake can toast your card (didn't happened to me yet) vs the run-fail-debug loop we're used to in sw development. Anyway, some hw modules have been tested with Espruino and the web site explains how to use them. My understanding is that you can plug almost anything into it, you just (!) have to know its specs and how to wire it to the board. It's not built-in but the Stylish extension does that. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tactile_paving For any project worth talking about Sinatra is too skinny. Basically you have to hack your routing in about the same way you do with Node's Express, enumerating the bindings between routes and methods. Obviously there are clever ways to do it but you end up reimplementing the resourceful routes of Rails. Another problem is that you really want to use ActiveRecord to access the database. Anything else it too painful. So you end up creating AR models and you have to manually include them. Finally there are views. I won't even enter into that. Soon you end up with a worse engineered Rails. I've been using Sinatra only for serving API requests for small projects. I won't touch it for anything else. Rails has http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionController/Streamin... which I never used. It seems that Lotus::Live isn't ready yet. I can't find any docs for it so I don't know how they compare. Could you point me to an URL. Thanks. The syntax is better than the CommonJS one. Check the side by side comparison at http://jsmodules.io/cjs.html However CommonJS is here now and JS engines might take a while to implement the new syntax. Example: the => (which is in the same ES6 draft) works in FF since version 22 and not in V8 yet. http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=harmony:specification... The problems I experienced with TDD in Rails applications (it's about the only way I'm using Ruby) didn't derive from object orientation or dynamic typing. They came from time and money constraints, especially in those one hour or one day rushes to get a new small functionality into the code base and deliver it into production. If a company has an internal development staff the technical debt can be repaid later on. If a company works with consultants paid by the hour, there might be never enough money to do it. An application with reasonable test coverage can quickly turn into an application with 100% broken tests and weeks of work to fix them all. But this isn't about Ruby or OO, it's about customers and the amount of money they want to spend no matter how good you are at explaining them what's happening to their software. I have a Rails 3.2/Ruby 1.9.3 application that will be hard to port to Rails 4/Ruby 2.1 because of that. The point of the original post could be that writing that application in Haskell would require less work on tests so we could have less technical debt by now. Maybe. But when integration tests break (originally run with Selenium) because the UI changed so much and there are many new functionalities to test, I don't think the language can help. It's back to having enough budget. I suggest bashmarks http://www.huyng.com/projects/bashmarks/ to bookmark directories and jump there with a quick command. I also like to alias ..="cd .." and alias ...="cd ../.." to quickly navigate up. For immediate satisfaction you might search history map of the world on YouTube. There are plenty of videos. At the other extreme you might buy an historical atlas. In between there are sites like http://www.chronoatlas.com/ Fake players are not necessarily a bad thing. You don't have to program them to fix the game as the company pling worked for did. You can make them perform as average players or even weak ones (so you have many winning and happy real players). You decided to openly advertise them as NPCs and that's ok but you might have just hinted about their nature. Plenty of games have bots and NPCs. Actually, up to the time of Internet games everybody played against bots all the time and the end level bosses were usually very strong. Nobody complained (too much) about it. Installed, started. xiki status says it's running but I'm back in my usual shell and nothing works any different. No mouse interaction like in the video. Maybe I'm missing something obvious, maybe the tutorial (Where is it?) or is it an OSX only thing? I'm on Linux. I started the web interface, used it to hook xiki to emacs, restarted emacs and run into the unfixed "error: el4r-instance is dead" bug. I stopped using xiki. Maybe I'll give it a try when I'll have time to investigate but it's 2014. There are too many tools battling for mindshare and if something doesn't have a good tutorial and doesn't work out of the box isn't giving a good signal. The first commit in git is from 2008. https://github.com/trogdoro/xiki/commits/master?page=17 From http://www.linux.com/learn/tutorials/778419-meet-xiki-the-re... it turns out than "Craig Muth, has been working on Xiki for ten years". Maybe not a mature project but not an early stage one. The TC post includes this quote from Xiki's author. "If this campaign succeeds, the money will let me dedicate the time needed to bring this next, drastically improved, version of Xiki to the world." Apparently he's looking for about one year's worth of money to work full time on Xiki. Why he didn't do that before, I don't know and it doesn't matter much. But using Kickstarter he's able to be very specific about what one should expect to get as a reward. Example: 35 $ buy a t-shirt and 10 votes for vim or sublime support, no specific features. 2k $ buy a command for your company. He writes "See the Twilio command in the video for an example". So it's true that if you donate a lot you get more. If only companies from a specific domain fund Xiki it could turn out to be a very domain specific shell. However being strong on a vertical market could be a nice strategy. Unfortunately it's out of Xiki's control. Yes, and more than that: he didn't know what Google Map is. He is 74 and can be excused for that. Fast forward ourselves into our 70+: how many new things we won't know or care about then? Thank you for that link. I finally understood why Guido added the colon before an indented block (second paragraph). It's not needed by the parser, it's only to make it easy for programmers to understand that a block is about to start. Actually: "after early user testing without the colon, it was discovered that the meaning of the indentation was unclear to beginners". So it's aimed to beginner programmers . That's why Guido inflicted that useless and silly looking colon to all of us. How about making it optional in future? Ruby is perhaps more dominant than Python in web development. Not that Rails is necessarily better than Django, but it seems there are more Rails developers than Django ones. However Ruby seems to be pretty much confined to web development and deployment tools. It also makes great DSLs thanks to its block syntax. However in general Python is more popular than Ruby. One reason is that Python is used for system programming (e.g: the Linux apt system), desktop applications, big data (thanks to numpy) so you might find it a better investment for general purpose software development. Another reason, which maybe explains the first one, is that Python looks more similar to C++/Java. Basically it's a simplification of those languages (the {} pair traded for a single colon, no type declarations, etc) plus some handy shortcuts. Ruby is from a somewhat different lineage (Smalltalk) and it shows in many places (e.g. the do |variable| ... end blocks). It can be used to write more natural language looking programs and combining that with some metaprogramming sometimes both amazes and unsettles programmers that come close to the language for the first time. I suggest that you learn a little of both of them, working on the problem you want to solve, and decide by gut feeling what you would like to work with. I went the Ruby way because I can't stand some of the syntax of Python, not that Ruby is perfect. I don't disable JS in the browser preferences. I use FF with No Script to enable it selectively for only the sites and the functionality I need. Example 1: HN needs JS only for voting so I don't enable it here unless I want to vote a post or a comment. However HN's JS is trivial and can be easily inspected so I might want to enable it permanently as well. Example 2: YouTube requires JS from 6 domains but I can keep four of them disabled and still be able to view videos. I really don't need googlesyndication.com, plus.googleapis.com and googletagservices.com (among the other things I'm missing comments but who cares). Some of them are probably just spyware. I also don't need google.com but Google Maps don't work without it so I probably already enabled it before going to YouTube. Example 3: TechCrunch is a nightmare of nested JS requires. However I can read it without enabling any JS and it's also much faster to load. If your site is (example) an Angular single page application I'll probably enable enough JS to make it move and check it out. If there are so many JS dependencies that I can't find the right combination and I see JS coming from well known spyware domains I might decide to skip that site completely. There are sites like that. If I'm really interested I fire up Chrome and give them a try in there. Actually, I might install the new Opera only for using it as a honeypot for that kind of sites. Nice effort but bad idea: leave the number at the left and the number for the points. The visual icons don't give the same amount of information. Well, we can't have only two phone manufacturers with their own OS, Apple with maybe 3 different aspect ratios and Google with another two or three. Everybody wants its share of the cake so we'll inevitably end up with many different screens and OS, basically how it has been until 2007. I prefer to have designers and developers clever enough to adapt to variable aspect ratios on two OS than an ecosystem fragmented into a zillion of technologies. I think we've been lucky. The replay button of The Fifth Element trumps that, but it's not available yet http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7wOX2WqbXE Maybe I misunderstood your comment but parent was about Aliens, this is about The Fifth Element. Different movies different fictional weapons. TFE's one is more fictional. A smart watch no. A smart wearable maybe, but definitely not attached to my wrists. It's too uncomfortable (25 years since I wore a watch) and monitoring my vitals doesn't matter to me, maybe when I'll be old. Probably I could use a wearable computing device attached to my cloths. By the way, most cloths have been presciently engineered to hold those devices. They have pockets. I've got a smartphone in one of them, which is much less a phone than it is of anything else (internet browser, email client, video player, clock, game console, ebook reader and more) so I'm already into wearables together with a good chunk of the human population. I can see me replacing a smartphone with something functionally equivalent that spares me the need of reaching to it. Not glasses, they won't be as light as the prescription glasses I'm wearing. Maybe VR contact lenses interfaced to a base device in a pocket (inspired by Vernor Vinge's Rainbows End) but unfortunately my eyes started to refuse contact lenses years ago so I'm waiting for direct neural connections :-) So you can write the new functionalities in the new popular framework and keep the old one running. Why that's a better choice... well it depends on case by case. However this is a bit like a reverse proxy that load balances many different web apps. You could have different applications written in different languages serving requests to the same url. Furthermore I don't see anything here that load balancers haven't done since the '90s. Maybe I'm missing something but maybe that's why everybody is puzzled. Yeah, capitalizing on such an effort might spoil the fun but... The code has been licensed under an Affero GPL v3 license so anybody using it in production must release any modifications done. So it's not really stealing the idea or the code, only the business model, which the OP apparently doesn't want to pursue anyway. A non Affero license (or MIT, BSD, Apache) would have shut him off from his code (I can't decide if those using those licenses are masochists or just extremely kind). With this choice of the license the OP will get fixes and improvements and probably be happy with that. Furthermore he could be hired to do them, regardless of the license. That's about the general feeling Italians have about Milan (I'm Italian, I've been living there all my life), nevertheless they keep coming here :-) If you can work and get your customers remotely you don't want to be in Milan, but be careful about bad ADSLs in rural areas, which unfortunately are the ones where you want to be. You might aim to one of the many medium sized cities that are pretty everywhere. Look for one close to an airport, an high speed train station, sea or mountains depending on your tastes. By the way, Internet speed in Milan is 100 Mb/s download / 10 Mb/s upload if you have fiber, or something up to 20 Mb/s with ADSL. Fiber really give you those speeds, with ADSL it's up to your luck. Why not? It generates HTML which may have all the browser incompatibility issues a programmer can fit into a PHP file (replace with your favourite web language). I worked for a telco years ago. We had separate development and operations teams. Operations worked on 3 turns of 8 hours, 7x24. They took care of every installation (pre-production and production) and they usually did them in the night shift. The staff was rotated over the months and there was no particular employer burn out. By the way, one full time equivalent (that is, a hypothetical person working 24 hours a day all year long) equalled to five real people. That is, if they wanted ten people to be always available they had to hire fifty. You can easily understand why these arrangements are not common for Internet companies. Furthermore telcos have different requirements. Devops wasn't there yet and I wonder if it is accepted by management even now. My bets are against it. I also wonder if companies like Google, Amazon and Facebook are organized in that way too. Maybe I'm blind to evidence but why should they be different? Another lesson to be learnt is that it's nice to have the source code for the tools we are using. Ok for the multiple user support. I didn't think about that. However http://www.engadget.com/2014/08/06/android-smartphones-are-a... Furthermore if the phone is as large as the tablet maybe your tablet is your phone or viceversa. There are tablets that can make phone calls with regular phone SIM cards. Example: the Galaxy Tab 3 which starts at 7". I've seen people doing that without a earpiece. An odd sight. I'd say that if you want to fund a startup with $100,000 you go meet that startup and get to know it very well. Google is relying on somebody else to make that assessment so my guess is that the cost of those services to Google is much lower than those $100,000, maybe much much lower than that. They sure have unused capacity in their server farm, network, storage, etc. I'm not saying that they're doing an advertising stunt for free but $100,000 worth of anything doesn't necessarily means that $100,000 are leaving Google's pockets. Plus all those dynamically typed languages which are intrinsically built on the concept of generics (JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby). /sarcasm Nobody uses them because nobody needs generics. Dolphin is affected too. This leaves us with little alternatives. Tint is affected. Dolphin is affected. Firefox is just horrible on mobile, come see this page and you'll understand why (they can't get font inflation right). Chrome and Opera are what's left. Anything else? There are many font inflation bugs open on Firefox mobile. One of them was opened about HN https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=707195 in 2011. Others are about reddit. Others are about other sites. Firefox didn't grok a way to handle font inflation in a reasonable way. All the other browsers did. I quote a Firefox developer: ------ From a UX perspective, we should really try to fix this somehow. Reddit and ycombinator look terrible in our browser right now. Some examples: ycombinator http://cl.ly/0l2f2v0p3v0e290J0A0W Reddit http://cl.ly/1M452m2a2D3D04070S1I These pages look perfectly fine in stock Browser -- they are a little wonky in Chrome but still better than us ------ https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=707195#c27 That was 2012-05-01. I agree that's a matter of opinions but I think that the OP has a point. JavaScript is easy to understand for everybody coming from C, Java or PHP even if its core is very different from those two languages. Haskell might be cleaner but it's difficult to get for people that used only procedural languages, which are most of the programmers working today (especially if the expected domain for PureScript is web programming, frontend or backend). There is a functional language called Elixir which runs on the Erlang virtual machine. Elixir has been designed to look like Ruby even if it's very different. That makes Ruby programmers (and maybe Python ones too) feel at ease in their first approaches with the language. When you realize how different the two languages really are you already grokked enough of Elixir to keep you going. There isn't that feeling of "oh my, I can't make it" one might have when looking at code like this http://svn.openfoundry.org/pugs/src/Pugs/Eval.hs when knowing only about C/Java/PHP/Python/Ruby Anybody knowing Ruby or possibly Python should compare that with this https://github.com/elixir-lang/plug/blob/master/lib/plug/con... So, my take is that if a language designer wants to create a functional language that will lure really many procedural programmers into it, s/he has to design something that looks like C or Java. PureScript is too much like Haskell (plus I hate indentation-sensitiveness, but that's almost only a subjective matter). Time will tell. Instead of having a common /usr/src/* for a dev team (I remember I had one in the 80s) we have our sources on github now which allows for larger and more distributed dev teams. Not exactly the same way to collaborate but it's solving the same problem with a bigger central server. Time is round, old solutions always resurface with some differences. Definitely great for boardgames. A large tablet in the middle, phones or smaller tablets all around. And if somebody calls you, don't answer and keep playing :-) Malaria kills more people than ebola (up to now) but cars kill twice as much as malaria does ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_traffic-re... ). You could blame me for comparing deaths by cars with deaths by pathogens but let me explain. Malaria and ebola can't be compared, malaria and cars can. Malaria and ebola are transmitted in very different way. You get malaria if you live in areas where some species of mosquitos carry the malaria plasmodium. This means that it doesn't get you if you don't enter one of those areas. You can't get malaria in NYC. You can be hit by a car there because cars are definitely endemic in NYC as they are in most of the world. I'm worried by malaria. I don't like the side effects of it prophylaxis and I don't want to risk getting sick (the prophylaxis are not completely effective) so I don't travel in areas where it's endemic. I sincerely hope we can make a vaccine against it. I'm also worried by cars as anybody else and I take the usual measures (watch left and right before crossing a street, drive carefully) but there are few places to hide, right? I'm much more worried by ebola because if it gets big enough there will be little we can do to stop it: it's going to overcome quarantines and get to us in our cities across the oceans and it kills with 50% efficiency. If we want to think about something that could send the human population back to 3 billion in a few years we shouldn't look at malaria or cars, but at ebola. That's why also to me this is "a far more dangerous pathogen." Let's concentrate on ebola now, we'll get back to malaria when we'll have fixed it. Another emacs user here. I don't know which version of emacs you use and on which OS but this is what I can do with emacs 24 on Ubuntu (X11, Gtk). Open another window of the same editor (a frame): File, New Frame or C-x 5 2 and then move it to another workspace. This seems quicker and more efficient than opening the whole editor again but maybe this isn't faster in your setup. Emacs starts a server if you include (server-start) in the .emacs file. Then you can open files in that emacs like this $ emacsclient -n file I have a alias ec="emacslient -n" in my .bashrc The -n is to make the command terminate without waiting for the buffer to be closed in emacs. Maybe you want to do without the -n if you use emacs inside other programs (e.g. for editing the log messages in git) but I usually use vi for quick edits. Unfortunately running two emacs with one server each doesn't ends well so the emacs server is almost bound to using new frames in multiple workspaces. Customers use Dropbox, it's difficult to move them off from it. Jump on the time machine and read about university concerns when the city of Hamburg joined this trend in 2011 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/mar/15/german-universi... Is there any German here that can tell us how it is turning out to be? Thanks. They can ask. A court order to reveal your password is enough. If you don't comply you usually run into troubles. This Wikipedia page http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_disclosure_law explains how it works in some countries. There has been a ruling about that in the USA recently http://blogs.wsj.com/law/2014/06/26/mass-supreme-court-defen... They are destroying other companies revenues (but let's wait and see) and making revenues for themselves (they want to launch a PaaS at the end of the beta). This is what we call business and it happens all the time. Example: Apple and Google have been doing it to Microsoft in the last ten years. Doing it by open source doesn't make it less or more moral than doing it by close source or any other lawful way. Anyway, even a pure open source model would have been very moral in my humble opinion: it might harm one company but it lets many more companies lower their operating costs. One company performs worse, many companies perform better. Overall that's a good thing for me. Despite their share of problems (the author explained what's wrong with CoffeScript in his opinion), languages compiled to JS will keep flourishing unless some future ESx will turn it into a more conventional language. Even in that case, being the native language of the "internet virtual machine", people wanting to use a language-X-look-alike for the front end will keep designing their transpilers. In my case I never considered CoffeScript because of the indentation/semantic spaces thing. I had to work with those languages sometimes and the troubles I had when moving blocks of code around and copy/pasting examples from the net have been enough to undo any gains from a cleaner syntax (assuming it is cleaner). No Python either here, obviously, nor HAML or SLIM for templating. Irony: they've been invented in the Ruby community which somewhat prides itself of using a language with a better syntax than Python (I second that, Python looks too much like a C with defs which is maybe the reason for its success: familiarity.) My main gripe is that it makes moving code around painful and it introduces bugs that are difficult to spot. Literally. The rule in the '80s and early '90s was never ever exchange floppy disks with anybody and never insert other people's floppy disks in your PC. Enter the LAN and the USB sticks, problem solved. Not. I'm afraid we have to go back to exchanging files over the LAN. Or turn on our WiFi cards in hotspot mode and create a LAN ourselves. There are going to be good opportunities for desktop and mobile apps. Obviously Evernote and Dropbox are already here but they are not exactly the same thing. Apparently all the ZBook HP laptops are missing. I'm writing this with one of them. At the time I bought it I would have been interested in a query like this: screen 15", up to 32 GB RAM, 3 physical touchpad buttons, no number pad (which turned out to be very hard for 15" laptops - I didn't want a Mac), at least 512 GB internal storage, 4 cores, 1080p or better, next business day on site assistance. Price, battery life, optical drive: don't care. And of course 16:10 aspect ratio, but that would have returned an empty set. I eventually had to compromise on the number pad even if I almost never used one and I'm not using it now that I have one. I have to shift the laptop to the right to keep the space bar right in front of me. The center of the screen is aligned with my right hand. I wonder what all those PCs designers are thinking about. Well, my HP ZBook 15 has those keys were they should be. The first row key sequence is ESC, F1 to F12, INS, DEL, Home, End, PGUP, PGDOWN. Maybe this is the only advantage of having a number pad thrown it into the keyboard. This is the layout http://www.pcpro.co.uk/blogs/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/DSC0... As a programmer I always wondered what a number pad could be useful for so it's interesting to know that there are programmers that put it at a good use. I even upvoted you because I find this interesting. I usually code web applications. I think that most of my numbers go into CSS hex color strings and into my invoices. What are your use cases? In the past I used number pads to play video games and nethack. Not much of them in the past 10 years though. Ah, you meant this http://www.notebookreview.com/assets/14637.jpg That was the laptop I had before the ZBook. The old keyboard was better because of the lack of numberpad but I don't feel the position of those keys on the ZBook to be unconvenient. Obviously this is subjective and I respect your dislike for them. I'm quite picky about those kind of details too. Personal preference: I don't like the OSX desktop environment. The global menu and the bar at the top are a no no for me. I remove them regularly from any Linux DE I use and if I can't I don't use that DE (no Unity here). I tolerated them on the very first Macs, the ones with tiny screens at the beginning of the 80s when we were always working full screen anyway, but IMHO they don't belong to 15" or larger screens. Using OSX as a hypervisor to run Ubuntu in VMWare or VirtualBox seemed a waste of resources to me. Installing Linux as the only OS on a MBP doesn't always give optimal results, so no Mac. However MBP 15"'s 16:10 screen and the keyboard without number pad are good things (but Fn Backspace to Del, ugh). It would have been great to fit the ZBook 15 inside my old HP nc8430's case, plus the ZBook removable panel at the bottom. BTW, maybe the new keyboard has a better feeling than the old one but that was good too. Do you mean new custom components? I was also asking that question to me. I noticed a "Want More?" box in the bottom right corner of the component list: "Tell us which service you would like to have." This can solve the backend of many simple web apps. That leaves us with the space between Bootstrap and Stamplay. I guess that many customers would accept an interface made by standardized components if that means that they could pay ten times less. Is there any tool like that for the frontend, better if it can work in combination with Stamplay? I switch WiFi off when I leave places with WiFi connection but sometimes I forget to do it. I know people that think that the phone they bought "has Internet" and they must pay a monthly fee for that. They don't ask themselves how that happens so I guess that some people never turn their WiFi off unless they must learn to maximize battery life. According to this interview from June www.businessinsider.com/linus-torvalds-qa-2014-6 he used a Mac Air but switched to a Sony Vaio because of the screen (no details given). Did he change again? Possible. Anyway, obviously Macs work with Linux. There were some little problems with Linux and the latest Macs when I made my research at the beginning of the year. That happened with the old ones too and were fixed along the months. I had to buy something pretty quickly in February (the old laptop was dying) so I went for a HP laptop I knew worked reasonably well with Linux despite being as new as those Macs. HP's cheap on site next business day assistance was part of the reason for buying from them again. Another reason is that I can open the back of that laptop without screwdrivers and swap RAM and discs. Apparently I can swap also the CPU but probably sockets will change before I'll need to do that. Out of curiosity I googled for Dylan and this is what it looks like http://opendylan.org/ I think it's := a little bit => too heavy: with :: ; but I like the use-of-hypens in symbols instead_of_underscores as in Lisp and as a common practice in CSS. So many shift keys saved! That should be the standard and who cares if we wouldn't be able to write a-b. a - b is more readable anyway. Check a large piece of code for a general feeling of the language https://github.com/dylan-lang/http/blob/master/common/http-c... It's from 1992 so it's got a chance to influence Ruby (1995). If you look at both you'll clearly see many similarities in the general style of the language, despite Ruby making a lighter use of punctuation and that can have a large effect. Open that Dylan code side by side with this Ruby https://github.com/puma/puma/blob/master/lib/puma/server.rb which has more or less the same role in a web server implementation. The main Dylan repositories have a fair amount of activity so it's a fringe language but not dead https://github.com/dylan-lang The latest America's Cup catamarans sailed faster than the wind both upwind and downwind and that's even more counter intuitive. You probably saw them in the news. Explanation at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sailing_faster_than_the_wind tl,dr: it's not the real wind that matters but the apparent wind (the self made one you feel when riding a bike) so if build up enough speed you'll always be sailing upwind and build up even more power. This is an even faster boat, build for speed records http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnjyusAgk8I Is it only for US residents? Do you have an Android app? A course I've taken on Coursera years ago did exactly that. Not that would have been a big problem for me to setup the software we needed (I was on the very same Linux distro anyway) but it saved time to me too and I didn't read all the usual bullshittery (funny word) in the forums. So Dear Professor, you had to deal with the command line to setup your own machine, do it in a VM and let your students download it. For extra safety pin the versions of the software your students will be working on (for example Octave) if you're afraid that an automatically updated new version will be incompatible with the assignments and all the other stuff you prepared for your class. I agree. They are quite incomprehensible. I looked at the Ruby version https://github.com/cognitect-labs/transducers-ruby because I'm better at Ruby than at JS and Ruby is usually more readable than JS. No way to understand it. I had to dig into the documentation and learn how it works instead of figuring it out from the way it looks. The less efficient equivalent is (1..100).select {|n| n.even?}.map {|n| n * 2}.take(5) which is self evident to anybody with a couple of days of Ruby on his back. I think tranducers are a good idea with still the wrong syntax. Probably the Ruby way to transducers would be along these lines. (1..100).transduce.select {|n| n.even?}.map {|n| n * 2}.take(5).run like we build SQL queries with AREL. Maybe this will never work but a possible implementation is adding transduce to a bunch of classes (in this case: Range), having transduce return an object (a Transduceable?) augmented with transducing equivalents of some methods, letting those methods pick sensible defaults for the composition operation and initial value based on the type of the object on the left. Maybe adding transduce to Enumerable is enough to get all the most important classes covered. Probably we need a further method call to actually run the transducing operation we built, that's why the final .run This is probably not as general as the transducer ruby gem even if we enhance it by passing the reducer and the initial value as arguments as in transduce(reducer: :push, initial_value: []) but it should cover most of the use cases and anybody would be able to read it. This makes the difference when having to urgently fix bugs in the code somebody else wrote two years before and then left the company. The way the man page is formatted is great but I don't like the scrollbar inside a scrollbar effect. It's been traditionally a worst practice. It's better to have the man page take all the vertical space it needs in the main frame and add a Close button to the end of the man. By the way, from http://pigshell.com/v/0.6.2/doc/psty.html "Websocket server: Every unix app on the desktop which uses stdin/stdout can participate in a pigshell pipeline" so maybe your request has already been implemented. Contact is far more likely cause of infection, agreed. But when sneezing we spray a tiny amount of fluids. Are they not enough to get infected even with a low probability? Given an high number of occurrences any low probability yields an event. First of all, don't flame me too much because if you follow my advice it wouldn't be C++ anymore. This is not a suggestion about the post but an invite to think. I always wondered why somebody designs object oriented languages with functions and eventually run into this kind of problems. An answer might be that they're not willing to wrap fundamental types with classes, even if it would be only syntactic sugar that the compiler can easily unwrap without losing efficiency in the generated code. Probably this is not the only reason, as for the case of Python's len() and the like. Python's designer actually wanted functions to make sure all classes had the same methods, exported as functions. Furthermore there might be historical reasons, in the case of C++ to make it look like C. Too many differences can scary people away. Think about what it took to make Objective-C successful, the almost impossibility to use any other language to program on a given platform. Finally, there is convenience, as in void fn(int x) {...} main() { ...; fn(x); ...} By the way, Ruby solves that by adding fn to the Kernel class so it allows the same convenient syntax in a complete OO world. Anyway, an OO language in which everything is an object doesn't suffer from the kind of problems the post is trying to solve. Years ago I went to Ruby from Java and a little of C++. I was happy not to have that kind of int vs Integer duality. Then I looked at Python and found it a little bit weird with functions mixed to methods, but that's the way it is. So my advice is as radical as unrealistic in the case of C++: if you want to change the language, make it use methods where it still uses functions. The compiler will deal with that. Remember that when you'll design your next OO language :-) > Each of those searches is one less that Google can use for serving up ads Those are direct competitors but Google is competing also with anything that keeps me away from the Internet. Given that we have Internet access every time we wish, with a phone, any activity that doesn't generate chances to make a search is lost money for Google. Sleeping, first of all. Make your own list for the rest. We can look at Google Glasses in a new light: a device to eventually be able to serve searches and ads everytime we're awake. No adblock there, I bet. They don't suck, because they do well what they are designed to do. However their use cases are pretty limited in my experience. I usually don't want to capture the whole desktop or a whole window. Most of my screen captures are to report bugs in web applications I manage or to get images for analysis documents. In both cases I need only relatively small areas of the screen. I use shutter to select the area I want to capture and I save it as png. Using Print Screen or Alt Print Screen would mean to use Gimp to crop the images to their relevant areas. Too slow. With Azure they are more or less in the same business. I just tried gnome-screenshot, which I didn't know about. It fails with an error after capturing an image because it seems it needs the gnome shell and I don't have it (nor unity) but from the man page it seems it's more or less functionally equivalent to shutter. There are two nice things with shutter: 1) the icon that sits in the notification area (or whatever it is called in a given DE) 2) the list of all the previous screenshots taken. They come in handy for those days when I have to capture dozen of images. That and the incredible role of sound in the UI, so annoying for today's standards. It seems they were communicating to the users of consoles and arcade machines. Maybe both techniques were inevitable at that stage of the general public training to technology. Both were abandoned a few years later when Windows 95 and then the web made the PC really mainstream. Their language was totally different and we all got used to it quickly. Interesting but it lost me when I had start to have to do pixel accurate manoeuvring. That was challenging when I was 16, but it feels so pointless now (30 years later). By the way, apparently it doesn't work with the ad on the bottom turned off by either NoScript or Adblock (connection to server lost). I'm a devop, not a system administrator. I setup and administered a number of single machine web services for my customers along the years, almost all of them with Debian plus some Ubuntus recently. Database, application server, web server. Nothing fancy. I also use Ubuntu as my primary desktop (some sort of gnome fallback DE) after I removed a lot of cruft if comes with by default. From my experience what I need on a desktop is very different from what I need on a server. On a server I don't care about displays, keyboards, backlighting, sound, USB disks, mics, scanners etc. On my desktop they are very important. There are a number of companies offering Linux VPSes with 512 MB RAM and they can be good to host a low traffic web service. Good luck running a modern Linux DE on a 512 MB machine. Not impossibile but not very productive. So I can imagine having very different init systems for desktops and servers if this means that the server won't be encumbered by a number subsystems which are of no use to it. Furthermore binaries instead of scripts and opaque log files leave a bad taste in my mouth. They make me figure a future with a Windows like event viewer to browse the log files, over a terminal based ssh connection. I'm quite concerned about it. It will waive one of the biggest advantages of a Linux server over a Windows one. A fork, or an alternative init system, could be a good solution. We should run this experiment, pick what we like and don't harass the people on the other side. We will see the results after some years. The satisfaction of the admins will decree the winner. I'll look into that. Thanks! For example I use pabbrev mode in emacs, which learns what I type. It hints me away from most misspellings because it suggests the correct alternatives before I type them. Most of the long method and variable names for me are a prefix plus a TAB. Nevertheless I'll try this gem. Exactly. I can't see me contributing to this if I can't be sure I'll be able to get all the pictures with all their metadata. There have been enough services built thanks to user contributions that closed their data later on. I think we deserve guarantees that this isn't going to happen. Maybe I'm being pedantic but it's possible to perform a reentry without being in orbit first. Most notable cases, the Apollo missions. They plunged directly into the atmosphere without entering orbit. Details and rationale at http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=607491 A very peculiar orbit but OK. So my next candidate is the Startdust mission. That went into a solar orbit and released a capsule to return samples to Earth on a fly by in 2006 before being sent to visit a comet in 2011. That capsule is quoted to have been the fastest reentry for a man made object at 12.9 km/s, which is faster than Earth escape velocity at sea level. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stardust_%28spacecraft%29#Launc... I assume it's the same effect I see with Opera (blink) on Android. Fixed positioning and small screens don't play well together, especially when zooming. They should have designed it with also a mobile layout but probably they didn't think it was worth the trouble for that kind of site. I expect that most of its audience comes from Macs, so at least 11" screens. Interesting tests. How do they prepare for the real world, where the answers are to be found and not given? I have my pictures on my computer and I have native applications to edit them. For my needs the free ones (as in beer and as in speech) are good enough. I can Save as... the images I find on the web and edit them too (licenses that allow reuse, Google has a search for them). So far the only feature that Polarr has and a native application doesn't have is that photo styles from the community thing (not a quote because the spinning pictures are covering the words on my browser most of the time). Unluckily the home page doesn't say much more than that. Can somebody explain it? Thanks. Welcome Windows10! What next, maybe a network oriented display manager to be able to open a window on another pc, phone, tablet, xbox? ;-) Or the JVM. Many languages compile to it, even some with their own interpreters (one example: Ruby). Or the Erlang VM (Beam). There is at least Elixir that compiles to its bytecode. I have a 10 years old TV (still a CRT because they were better than LCDs back in 2004, but that's not important). It will stop working more sooner than later and I'll have to replace it with some sort of smart TV. Whatever I get inside it I decided what to do with it long ago: keep it off the Internet. Instead I'll hook it the the very same Raspberry PI with OpenELEC I'm using right now. If something breaks because it can't call home, I don't care. Obviously I'll be careful to buy one of the most dumbed down smart TVs on the market. All I need is the screen. Half a liter in a few hours is way less than a cyclist needs. This is renewable and a bottle isn't but I can pack much more water in the volume of the device and get other water when I stop. If I can't find water maybe I'm in bigger troubles than half a liter can save me from (in a desert, really?). It's not worth it. However, put a bigger device on a car or on a boat and that can be useful. I have a HP Zbook 15 and I'm happy with it. One of the reasons is the trackpad with physical buttons. The keyboard is good too. Unfortunately it has a number pad, completely useless. I rather have a keyboard centered with the screen instead. Apple got that right. Most PC manufacturers don't. A more interesting report would be which ISP by country let their customers use IPv6, landline and mobile. If servers are IPv6 but people can access them only over IPv4 then we're still at IPv4. "Don't be evil" is the corporate motto http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_be_evil That's a very difficult motto to change. Removing it would mean "we're free to do evil now" and that won't be received well. Anyway, I wonder if is there anyone left who thinks Google is still faithful to their motto. Yes, me too and knowing that I never wrote "don't be evil" on the door of my house. Google did it and they put themselves in the position of having to be more moral than anyone else, to everybody. Well, it saves time compared to having to download the VMs and keep them up to date. Nevertheless I'll keep downloading the VMs and do without a MS account and let them in into my exposed server. If the VMs call home I can disable their networking in VirtualBox. That theme has a slide-to-next/prev-post feature. Tapping shouldn't activate it but maybe it's buggy with some browsers. Opera Android doesn't (same engine of Chrome). As European I always feel a big difference between cities that evolved in the course of millennia and cities (or parts of them) that have been built after cars. They have different patterns. It's not the grid, Roman cities have that too, (check Turin in Italy). It's the size of the roads, all the space used for cars' infrastructure, which separate buildings and makes those cities difficult to walk (first thought LA). So an evolutionary theory of cities should take into account their environment, whether they are in symbiosis with something else (example: cars) or where they "live", on the top of a hill or in a plain, and which constraints they must obey to (regulations, space, etc). This is going to be interesting. Prompted by this post I tried to run my latest Rails 4.1 app with Rubinius. It's been a long time since I wished to give it a try. I had to comment out some gems which don't work with Rubinius, all stuff I use only in development (byebug, binding_of_caller, did_you_mean). There is a Rubinius debugger but I didn't try it http://rubini.us/doc/en/tools/debugger/ I had to remove the space after the arrow in lamba definitions like -> () Then I run rake spec. I bumped into a few show stoppers here. One is due to some compatibility issues with the mail gem. There is an open issue on GitHub about that and it should be fixed in the gem. In general, if gems don't support Rubinius reliably we can't use it. And if we can't use it many gems won't have an incentive of testing against it. The second one is that I got an overall feeling that Rubinius is slow. The examples include many integration tests with capybara and the js driver. Rubinius runs them in 7 minutes and 13 seconds (with spring) without the ones that failed. RMI 2.1.4 runs them in 1' 54" (all examples green). Maybe it's slow only for this kind of workload but such a difference in testing is hardly bearable. Too bad. That's also what I was thinking but I'm a little wary of using something in production which I don't use in day by day development and I run tests against it only a few times. It seems a recipe for letting bugs slip into deploys. By the way, I googled a little and removing simplecov shaved a couple of minutes out of the rake spec times. Still too slow and very inconvenient, even if I can still use simplecov with MRI thanks to conditionals like if RUBY_ENGINE == "ruby" ... end Well, it's the different form factor. Soft and brick-sized bread doesn't belong to the Italian tradition. Slicing what we have it's not that difficult and in most cases there is no need to slice anything. We just break it with bare hands and have it. North Americans can check these pictures to get an idea https://www.google.com/search?q=pane&hl=en&source=lnms&tbm=i... Even the form factors that require slicing are quite small and not particularly soft. Slicing them is quick and easy. Almost offtopic because not directly related to symbols performances in Ruby but, coincidence, I was reading a 2011 post from Rubinius site http://rubini.us/2011/02/17/rubinius-what-s-next/ a couple of minutes before seeing this on HN. At almost 50% of the post there is a code snippet that explains why Ruby method calls must be slower than the ones of statically typed languages. It also explains how Rubinius was addressing that 3 years ago. Hopefully they'll optimize that in all language implementations. Interesting read. Thank you. There is a draft RFC for returning errors in APIs based on JSON. http://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-appsawg-http-prob... Their example: HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden Content-Type: application/problem+json Content-Language: en { "type": "http://example.com/probs/out-of-credit", "title": "You do not have enough credit.", "detail": "Your current balance is 30, but that costs 50.", "instance": "http://example.net/account/12345/msgs/abc", "balance": 30, "accounts": ["http://example.net/account/12345", "http://example.net/account/67890"] } type, title, detail and instance are attributes defined by the spec. balance and accounts are extra attributes added for this error. I suppose that if I want to return validation errors to decorate an input form I'll have to add many custom attributes like those. It's the DOM element to upvote this whole post at the top of the page. I agree that polluting JavaScript's global space is bad. I wonder if this could be a vector for some attack. Probably not because it would be well known for a long while (but I didn't know about it untile 5 minutes ago, thanks). People with 11" or 13" Macbooks inevitably do. Same thing for people with 13" PCs, the ones called ultrabooks. People start using non maximized windows at 15", more if on a Mac because the UI encourages full screen windows. The trend to large fonts means that PC users with 1366x768 screens don't see much of a page if they keep windows small. Combining all those factors, most laptops users browse the web with full screen browsers. Tablets are always run full screen. I'm on a full HD 15" laptop and very rarely maximize windows, but I see I'm an exception when I look at co-workers screens. The only Google services I use on my Android phone are Maps and the Play store. Occasionally Drive and Docs because of a customer that uses them. I search in the browser. No sync. It works perfectly fine. But that's how I use Google on my desktop too. If you are used to more integration you won't survive that :-) As a developer who makes money with Ruby (not exclusively) I'd say: 1) I'm happy with Ruby as it is now and I don't want to see type annotations in method definitions. If I ever need static typing I can pick one of the zillion languages that have static types right now. I believe that I'll be served better than with a language that got them as an afterthought. I still remember C (without ++) and Java. 2) JRuby does JIT and it's not particularly faster than MRI. After all even the JVM must resolve method calls at every method invocation instead of getting them resolved at compile/link time. Rubinius tries to do some magic there but it's still in line with MRI performances (a little slower actually). Based on the benchmarks I saw for JRuby vs MRI I'd say that only long running programs will get sped up, but after all who cares about interactive programs completing in 1 or in 0.01 s? Development time is definitely more important there. However I trust Matz on that speedup factor and any 0.00x% of speed if welcome. Most of the points are about scarce resources that must be retrieved using a specialized network of experts. If a company has to build a solution, there must be a market large enough to make it profitable in the long run. If no, we need some crowdsourced enterprise similar to what OpenStreetMap did for maps or Wikipedia did for general knowledge. Some random thoughts on some points that stand out more for me. There are tools for 4, but non barely noticeable. There are problems with batteries too. 13 is disturbing. I won't work with him and he probably won't be willing to hire me. 14 would be great but I'm afraid paper and pencil are still the best tools if we want to trust the results of an election and keep ballots anonymous, notwithstanding a lot or research on the subject. I won't trust any solution with an IP header that can be traced to me or with a database that could receive fake votes. At least in physical elections parties can send their representatives to polling stations and check if anything strange is going on. 29. Indoor Maps from Google is tackling that problem. Probably they are not the only ones working on that. Getting 31 for free is pretty common in Europe and probably in other areas of the world. That's not a matter of being in 2014 but of where one lives. Transferring money across countries in Europe (and even across different banks in the same country) is not that fast. Maybe it takes a couple of days. Doing it with PayPal is probably the closest thing to instantaneous transfers. However actually getting those money out of the bank or PayPal as banknotes is more difficult. The times when banks and states where letting go the money in their vaults are long gone. Larger greeds and larger debts mean that there are de facto limits to how much you can cash out per day. I don't even want to think about what I should go through to get 10,000 EUR in cash at my bank. I checked what I have on my Ubuntu 12.04. $ env|grep LESS LESS= -R LESSOPEN=| /usr/share/source-highlight/src-hilite-lesspipe.sh %s Safe, as long as source-highlight isn't buggy. I also checked my .bashrc and found this # make less more friendly for non-text input files, see lesspipe(1) # NO! I don't want this! # [ -x /usr/bin/lesspipe ] && eval "$(SHELL=/bin/sh lesspipe)" So yes, lesspipe was the default and for some reason I commented it out. I vaguely remember at being annoyed about less showing me something different from the actual binary content of the files. Nope, but it's almost Christmas so the Doctor will be investigating soon. A better solution: no data caps, even if it has to be enforced by regulations. A discussion about the implementation of the spec in jquery. It started on June 21 https://github.com/macek/jquery-serialize-object/issues/24 This 3 parts series from 2013 explains in details how the GIL works http://www.jstorimer.com/blogs/workingwithcode/8085491-nobod... Disclaimer: it's linked in the omniref.com page too. Why distributing source code in a zip and not putting it on GitHub or any other similar service? It was more of a genuine question than of a criticism. There are obvious advantages about having a public repository if one is distributing the source code. But there might be disadvantages too, even as little as the setup time. I should have made the question more explicit. Elixir is Erlang with some Ruby-like syntactical sugar that vanishes when you look very close at it but makes the transition very easy. It's not like moving to Erlang or Haskell or OCaml coming from procedural languages. I have experience with Sinatra and Rails and I did a small project with Elixir and Phoenix in September. My bet before looking at the benchmarks was Phoenix >> Sinatra > Ruby, and that's the way it turned out to be. I was curious about how Martini and Node would compare. That said, I enjoyed developing with Phoenix and it's really similar to Rails in its structure. The differences are about having views+templates (decorator pattern) instead of Rails' plain views (which would be Phoenix's templates) and having first class handlers for websockets. The developers of Phoenix answered quickly to all my questions and to the issues I opened on GitHub (it's still 0.x software in heavy development). Anyway I still can't use it to replace Rails in the projects I do for my customers. There many reasons for that, some about Phoenix and some about me. 1) There aren't enough developers and it won't be wise for a customer to become too dependent from me (or any other developer) 2) There isn't an ecosystem comparable to the Rails one yet. Example: it can take forever to develop a replacement for all the basic functionality a Rails developer gets for free from a gem like devise (everything that revolves around authentication). 3) There might be many useful tools from the Erlang world but it takes time to learn them and become decently productive with Erlang and Elixir. How to make decent money while going back so many years productivity-wise? Obviously this applies to any transition to any ecosystem. 4) Performances usually don't matter at all: most servers have to sustain only low loads and Rails is good enough for that. In 20 years I probably had to work with only two web applications were speed really mattered. One was done with Java, the other one was PHP+Java and it was constrained more by the db than by the frontend. However I would consider Elixir right now for any heavily concurrent server, let's say a game server with thousands of players. They are pretty much the same. This is what Erlang's creator wrote about Elixir 1.5 years ago http://joearms.github.io/2013/05/31/a-week-with-elixir.html tl;dr there are good innovations and bad things, not a surprise :-) I used Ecto in Phoenix to connect to PostgreSQL. I didn't try it to connect to anything else but I understand that it should work with most DBs. Which doesn't mean having a data cap. It could be 1$ per GB on wireless devices (where bandwidth is really limited because of collisions with everybody's else traffic) or whatever amount it makes sense. Wikipedia pages are quite skinny. Servers usually pay per GB with many VPS providers right now, with a monthly quota included in the base fee. If you have your own datacenter you pay per GB in other ways. That said, subsidising the access to one own website could be seen as a fair commercial practice or anticompetitive behavior. It depends on so many factors that I don't even want to get into it. If you switch completely to native mobile applications you disappear from the web. That's a lot of people and a lot of incoming links. Mobile apps are less discoverable and they put the install time between "I want to see this" and "I can see this". Sites are trying hard to shave ms from the home page loading time, go figure how well it fits into the picture the minute it takes to decide to download something and get it installed. I think they'll go for a two pronged approach: traditional web site with content plus a mobile app (actually at least two of them). Furthermore, my phone can display an infinite amount of web sites but it can store only a not so large number of apps. And it doesn't have anything as convenient as start typing the name of a site to have the browser display the right url, inner pages included. That was the article that made my know Rogue! Exactly. Rewriting views is something I really don't want to do. Example: I'm building pages server side and using AJAX PATCHs to update data on the server. The server responds in JSON with a html attribute contaning the very same HTML Rails partial used to create the page. This spares me from having to build a SPA (which for many reasons is not OK in this project) or two different views, one Ruby and one *.js which would be unbearable (as you wrote). I looked at intercooler supeficially with the hope it could be a foundation to standardize my AJAX calls (I did something myself but it still fluid). I'm not sure I like the way it puts so much information in the attributes of the DOM elements actions are bound to, but I'll keep reading. I prefer doing those stuff all in JavaScript and minimize the impact of frameworks on the DOM. It's still no time to commit to any of them. Let's wait until the dust settles. Macs are hugely popular in Italy among web developers. What I usually see is in offices, coworking spaces and conferences is a sea of glowing apples, my Linux laptop (I don't like the OSX GUI), very few Windows laptops, usually not the ones of developers. After all if you deploy on Linux, why develop on Windows? OSX is a good enough approximation. I don't know what the average salary is (I bet it's not very high) but paying € 1500-2000 every two to three years for a tool you use to work is not out of question. My HP laptop is in that range but it will probably last more than the typical MBP (crossing fingers). However people resell their Macs quite easily when it's time to buy a new one. Furthermore the computer is a cost so it lowers the taxable income. According to our fiscal laws if you lease something (somebody does that with computers) then it is completely a cost. If you buy it, you can deduce only 20% per year over 5 years. This doesn't apply to goods sold for less than € 500. Small companies are starting to buy Macs as well. Probably the boss can't have the face to keep a Mac for him/herself and give Windows boxes to the developers :-) Large companies tend to stick to Windows PCs but they are becoming less inflexible. Again, people used to iPhones started to think that they could work with Macs as well and so it's starting from the top there too. Most of the mass (fuel) will be waiting in orbit. They need to bring down to the surface only the fuel to get back to orbit so they won't need half of a Saturn V. They still need to launch a lot of fuel from Earth. This is a ranking about PPP. There are about five Chinese persons for every American. The sum of their income will keep getting larger and so will their economy. GDP and economic output don't automatically relate to how well people live but they do relate to the influence a country has over the world. If we care about how happy people are in their country then maybe we should look at http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/ There is no clear number 1. It serves a different purpose, but speaking of tiny JavaScript interpreters there is also the one for the Espruino boards. Last time I checked it was said to be 95% compatible, but I don't now against which specification. Probably it's OK for most tiny applications anyway. Source code at https://github.com/espruino/Espruino Espruino boards at http://www.espruino.com/ I don't want to sound conflictual but many Java/C* professionals use tools written in Python and Ruby daily. I'm thinking about Bitbucket (Django) and GitHub (Rails). They seem to work well enough. tl;dr the Khoisan lived in the part of Africa that kept good throught all climate changes phases. The other populations suffered reduction in numbers and eventually part of them spread to Asia and Europe. It took them a long time to recover and finally outnumber the Khoisan. What do you use to do that? Thanks. I bet that google.com will still be visible in Spain. Search results include links to copyrighted material: web sites like elpais.com which id © EDICIONES EL PAÍS S.L. and a zillion others all around the world. Is Google removing this'd sites from the index for searches originating from Spain or it will pay the fine? This is to show how unreasonable that law is if it's really as general as it looks. Well, if Spain is going to behave like the USA Reddit and HN founders could end up being the subjects of another Richard O'Dwyer case http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_O%27Dwyer Basically it ended with a fine (which seems absurd to me) but that UK guy had to fight for 18 months against a request of extradition to the USA for having created a web site in the UK which (I quote Wikipedia) "did not host any infringing media, but American authorities say it contained indexed links to media hosted on other sites, and defined it as a "linking" website". This looks like Reddit and HN to me. Even if your country doesn't comply with the request it's not possible to shrug it away unless an agreement is reached, or you have to be careful never to step into a country with extradition agreements with the one that is trying to get you. That is a severe limitation to personal freedom. Everything falls apart if we start applying everybody's laws to everybody in every country of the world. I'm pretty sure I violated some laws of some countries writing this. No need to wait. Rust has basic unit tests inside the source files doc.rust-lang.org/0.12.0/guide-testing.html Too slow, gave up. Btw, they have counterparts in the Ruby world: https://github.com/stympy/faker (which states to be a port from Perl) and https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl I use them in a Rails db/seed.rb file to create a new dev db every time I need new data to play with, especially after changes to the schema. > Mongo is kind of the worst in this - it clusters in one weird way, has bad tooling, and subtly destroys your data at scale. I'm genuinely interested. How does Mongo corrupts data? Thanks. This is more than worrysome. I googled for it and found this http://docs.mongodb.org/v2.6/core/replica-set-rollbacks/ Is this behaviour what you are referring to? > A rollback reverts write operations on a former primary when the member rejoins its replica set after a failover. A rollback is necessary only if the primary had accepted write operations that the secondaries had not successfully replicated before the primary stepped down. When the primary rejoins the set as a secondary, it reverts, or “rolls back,” its write operations to maintain database consistency with the other members. So the "majority" write concern is not safe. However it seems that the number of nodes that must confirm a write can be configured http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/core/replica-set-write-concer... From what I read there it seems that if you want to get a confirmation from all the nodes and one gets offline you'll be waiting forever (but there is wtimeout). I'm afraid that any db cluster with any technology has similar problems. If you're using Firefox maybe you're using NoScript. It's from Sicily too ( http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/it-security/an-interview-wi... ). It's unfortunate and maybe it can be engineered in a better way but still I'm happy to trade CPU and RAM for uncluttered web pages. Whenever I watch somebody navigate without AdBlock, I always wonder how they could get used to make sense of all that mixed mess of ads and content. Furthermore if sites are paid per click my pre AdBlock contribute to all the ads sustained web sites was probably way less than $1. They are losing little by my use of AdBlock. One reason I didn't click ads was precisely that they are so intrusive and ugly. Thanks to AdBlock I'm spared with that and they don't lose bandwidth and CPU to serve ads that won't be clicked. Win-win. I suggest http://rubyweekly.com/ which has more content but Planet Ruby could be a nice complement. Well, most of the times but not always. I use Ubuntu and I don't like having a bar on the top of the screen and the modal menu at the top, which are the primary reasons I don't use OSX. I was using Gnome 2 with all the menus and icons moved to the bottom bar, plus Compiz for the virtual desktops cube which I find a more natural way to remember where I am than with sliding desktops. One day Canonical introduced Unity, with a bar fixed to the top. No way to remove that, so I started using gnome fallback mode, or whatever is called. Enter Gnome 3, with much more workflow changing features. We can work around almost all of them now, not so much years ago. I kept using gnome fallback, which unfortunately requires more and more tweakings to mimic a subset of the functionality of Gnome 2 (which was all I need to work). So I ended up with an Ubuntu 12.04 with kernel upgrades (the hardware enhancement stack from Canonical) and a DE that doesn't work as well as it used to (some quirks here and there). It's very much the first lines of the post about OSX. At least Linux gives me more flexibility than OSX does. I used Cygwin when I was on Windows but my advice is to use Windows for the client programs and run a headless Linux VM for everything else. Export its filesystem so you can use Windows to edit files but ssh to Linux to work with a terminal. You'll get a real package manager too. I pay HP about 100 Euro per year for a next business day support and whenever something breaks in my laptop they either send me a technician or mail me the spare parts. In the last 8 years I remember the technician coming here to replace a worn out keyboard (5 years) and a screen which was developing some whitish pixels. The shipped me a couple of hard disks, one of them just in case the problem I had was related to the disk, and two new power units. No complaints ever. If you develop with Rails do it on a VM, even a headless server you ssh into and export the filesystem to your Windows editor. Ruby on Windows is an inferior experience, because most of the developers in the ecosystem are on Mac and Linux. The servers are on Linux. http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:G5ixtTG... I do have a physical hard disk for my backups but I also backup some critical data "on the cloud" (actually, some servers of mine). There is always a chance that the pc and the disk are stolen by a burglar or my house catches fire. Then there is the matter of making the encryption and access keys survive any of those events. They used knives for those robberies, not guns. That's enough to reduce the risk of being killed. Monopoly used to be fun, that can't be denied or we'd be at a loss explaining how much it sold. That game mechanics (taking the other players out) is not regarded to be so fun any more, as the success of German/Eurogames demonstrates. The best games nowadays are the ones in which all players compete (or think so) until the end. There is a fairly authoritative ranking at http://boardgamegeek.com/browse/boardgame I never played WoW but it also sold a lot. I also never played Mario Kart, but I played tons of other car games. When playing against the AIs many of those games usually help the player to catch up by noticeably slowing down the leaders. Some games also make the AI cars faster when the player is leading. Obviously that's less appreciated :-) However when one gets good enough the AIs can't compete, and that another obvious design decision to make players happy. Tried it. It's wonderful. I think it will replace psql quickly, at least in my workflow. Exactly. I create an array of functions one week ago. Not that it's usual: I had to google how to .call() them :-) Anyway, .call is pretty much used inside many libraries. I just checked the ones in a project I'm working on. It's in jquery, bootstrap, store.js The post and the product page at http://www.energous.com/overview/ don't have much details. However the product pages has some data about the power output: > Power Delivered to a Consumer Full-Featured Product > 4W delivered simultaneously to 4 devices, 0-5 feet > 2W delivered simultaneously to 4 devices, 5-10 feet > 1W delivered simultaneously to 4 devices, 10-15 feet > Delivering on average 2W to 4 devices simultaneously within the charging envelope Things that concern me are, in random order: - Is it safe to keep the device (let say it's a phone) in a pocket or close to one's head while is it charging? - Is it safe to sit/sleep for hours in between the charger and a (possibly somebody's else) device? - How focused the power beam is? - What are the safety measures to prevent other people stealing the power? Think about the family living on the other side of the wall. Probably Bluetooth pairing, but I'm not 100% sure. - Does it cause reduction of bandwidth for WiFi? (it uses the same frequencies) - Compliancy with regulations about electromagnetic pollution? They started the certification process in the USA for a receiver ( http://www.energous.com/energous-completes-initial-fcc-part-... ) but I'm more worried about the transmitter. To be more precise: by looking at the response in Firebug's Net panel I see Blacklisted for abuse This request has been blacklisted for sending too much traffic to rawgit.com . Please contact the owner of the site that sent you here and ask them to use cdn.rawgit.com instead, which has no traffic limit. Nevertheless I wonder if this will work when Firefox's search as you type is enabled. I guess the browser should eat up all those events, but maybe I'm wrong. Can't check it because of the blacklisted script and no time to write my own test now. With such degree of character's reuse you must trust the attackers are not the admins of a site where you use those password, because they can look at the cleartext entered on the keyboard. Obviously this is still an improvement over using the same password123 for every single site but those nasty admins could easily check if a password ends with characters matching their domain. Then all the schema falls apart. What if one doesn't use any calendar product? I usually agree with my business partners on a date/time by voice, then more often than not they create a GC event (probably to mark it in their agenda) and I get an email that I don't answer. They know I'll be there. I guess that x.ai is valuable if people don't talk each other and let it decide the time of the meeting but it probably works only if one annotates all his/her life in a calendar. This is basically what I do sometimes in Rails apps backing some light jQuery frontend. They are traditional web apps with a few pages doing many front end tasks (think about adding, editing, deleting entries in an address book). They are done by sending $.ajax calls to the server. Some of them get JSON responses but some of them just get HTML and replace the DOM of some elements. That HTML is rendered using the very same partials used to generate the page when it was loaded first (think about the s in that address book's ). This is DRY. Obviously having all the templates in the client would be also DRY but I don't want to have some templates in the client and some on the server. It's either all or nothing and, at least for me, it's just easier to do some of those things on the server. > so we decided to pick something else I'm sincerely interested. What did you pick and for what reasons? How did it end? It's a traditional web app, so it works with HTML. We don't plan to have anything else any time soon so the priority was on the time to have the HTML ready to go. I did a Rails app serving JSON exactly one year ago, to a small Angular front end. It's was a little disheartening to see an empty page loading and then making JSON calls and thinking that by then a server rendered page would have been already fully loaded. That's why I said that it's all or nothing: either a single page app or many html pages. A few single app pages don't do well, unless they are preloaded with server rendered content. I browse with NoScript. Most sites are usable without JavaScript, maybe not as good looking but who cares. A few sites are not usable and I don't like them. If I really care about their content I enable some of their scripts. After a little, one gets good at recognizing the obvious candidates to enable and the obvious tracking scripts to keep disabled. This and that if I want to see videos (maybe I don't want), this and that if I want to hear audio, not that because it's the ad script, etc. If I don't really care, I go somewhere else. The same content is usually available elsewhere. Maybe, but you'll still be paying more taxes than you would if you were based in almost any other country. Too many useless state expenses here, and they turned into too much debt and taxes. Check how many Italians with the skill set to open a startup moved to London and Berlin in the last few years. Having quite well in mind the most common problems with localization I tend to use strings like this: Directory searched: 10. Files found: 0. They are not shiny but a direct translation is OK in Italian and it could be OK in the other languages of the post (Chinese, Arabic and Russian). Different country and different times but at 10 I walked to and from school alone, probably also before that age, can't remember. It would have been odd to go there with a parent, are you a mummy's boy? Furthermore everybody did it, no danger at all with the exception of one road crossing. One or two years later I started walking to that very same school with my younger brother before going to my new one. They started at the same time but luckily they were only a couple of blocks apart so I could manage. I sympathize for those kids and their parents and I'm worried seeing the same things happening here. Luckily no police involved, only apprehensive and omnipresent parents. Ruby has Opal http://opalrb.org/ a Ruby compiler to JavaScript. Or Decaf http://trydecaf.org/ Or http://rubyfiddle.com/ if you want to be literal about Ruby in the browser :-) It gained 0.07% but lost positions to Perl and... PL/SQL, ABAP, COBOL, Assembly. I had to google ABAP, it's SAP. I did a little of each of the other languages and lots of Perl in the 90s. I work with Ruby almost half of the time now and I'm not worried about its health. Opera Android: I see the comics and two left and right arrows for a fraction of a second and then I get a gray page with a link to a getwebgl site. What for? I don't think so. Criminals would have to get bigger guns and would be more willing to fire, police too. People would risk getting shot much often and won't get around firing to criminals anyway: I never seen that happen even in countries like the USA with free access to guns. It's lose lose for everybody unless for the ones that sell guns. Partially offtopic, but looking at the case of that laptop I wondered if I am the only one that slides them to the right to have the touchpad and the spacebar aligned with the central symmetry axis of my body? That means having 2/3 of the screen to the right of my eyes, which is a waste because I end up piling windows with important information to the left, for not having to tilt my head to the right. I believe that the reason for that (IMHO) ergonomically poor design is the will to include the numberpad. With the exception of Macs it's difficult to find any 15+" laptop without a numberpad. Is that feature so important? My numberpad lies there unused since I bought my zbook 15 one year ago. Maybe if I were playing games I would find a use for it. I write specs or code, so there are no many numbers I must type and it's easier to reach for them on the row above the letter keys. How about optional cases without a number pad and centered keyboard and touchpad? I'd pay an extra for that (plus another extra for a 16:10 screen, but that another story). Or maybe people wanting a number pad should pay an extra. I wonder what are the numbers for the two groups of people "I must have a number pad" and "I don't use it". I thought that the latest Flash for Linux was 11.2. Where did you get v 15 from? Thanks. The old Italian keyboard (last seen in the 80s) was like that. It was qzerty too. Numbers moved to the unshifted position and Z and W swapped place. From what I see at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keyboard_layout there are very few keyboard like that now. I'd go with a number pad myself if I had to use one of them. On the bright side, if the US keyboard had shifted numbers the keys !"£$%&/()=?^ won't be shifted and a programmer might actually be using them more than numbers. It's a demo site dropped and rebuilt every night. Register with a mailinator email not to reveal your own. It looks definitely out of place on Ubuntu (a Gnome fallback desktop here.) It looks like something ported from a Windows 8 desktop and it ignores the system setting for the color of the title bar. I also wonder why they are implementing an integrated mail client. It seems a waste of developer time which could be spent on something more important. That said, the browser is pretty fast. Chances that I'll use it: maybe, but not as primary browser. I'm using FF with some vital addons as my primary browser (Firebug, NoScript, AdBlock, SelfDestructingCookies) and Opera/Blink as wordprocessor and spreadsheet on Google Drive, to separate concerns (customer mandated docs). I can't see me leaving FF for this (I didn't for Chrome) but it could end up replacing Opera if they keep it minimal. Unfortunately all those .flatMap(_.wrapCallback(one)) .flatMap(_.wrapCallback(two)) ... or .then(Promise.promisifyAll(one)) .then(Promise.promisifyAll(two)) ... are noise making the signal difficult to read. It should come down to nothing more than one | two plus the error handling clause. That's not JavaScript but you got the idea. Syntax is important. I still have bad dreams about arrays() hell in an app written by a customer with CakePHP 1 (a Rails clone with an approach that didn't suit PHP well). I'll skip over the $this-> mess. I'm not much into asynchronous languages. Is there any examples around with a built in and slim syntax for concatenating callbacks? Thanks. I played a little with Elixir (and Phoenix) months ago and I know the |> operator, which is not exactly what I was looking for in my reply. I'll look again at Elixir and at how it handles callbacks. The second week of the last August, on vacation thorough Turkmenistan. Not that they don't have Internet but there was no WiFi in hotels and I didn't care to go to Internet shops. I survived well. Me too. I immediately removed the Hello icon when I read Telefonica. Apparently it's because of Tokbox but I won't trust one more telco then I have to. An ironically verbose language given the origin :-) I think you can't ever be sure of that. The data exchange usually is like this 1) Customer browser on seller site: the customer clicks on Pay 2) Seller server to payment gateway (hopefully over an encrypted channel): I'm S (important) and somebody is about the come to you to buy Y with order number Z. In case of success please redirect to U1, in case of failure redirect to U2. 3) Payment gateway to seller server: ok, thanks, my transaction code for this is T 4) Seller server to browser: redirect to the payment gateway (the browser has been waiting since step 1) for order Z (you don't mind if somebody pays for you) 5) Customer on payment gateway (https): check that S and Y are what is expected (this is fundamental), type in credit card data, click Pay. 6) Payment gateway to seller server (on a safe channel): transaction T has been paid for. 7) Payment gateway to customer browser: redirect to U1 8) Customer browser on seller server: page U1 says thank you for paying, goods are being delivered. What makes you sure that the payment gateway is not a rogue one and will pay your seller? It's that you can see the order's data in step 5. However you can't be sure that the seller site has not been MITMed and you've been redirected to the wrong payment gateway. The only safeguard for that is the authentication and encryption in step 2, but that's not under your control. Https between the customer and the seller site doesn't make the transaction any safer. On the other side, what makes the seller site safe against scammy customers is step 6, but I saw some eshops relying only on the information sent in step 7, which in some cases could be forged by the client. Coffeescript's origin is in the Ruby community. The first interpreter was also written in Ruby. Ruby interpolates strings with #{} so that was a logical choice for Coffeescript. The significant spaces thing was ironic given that Python is kind of the biggest competitor of Ruby (×) in the modern scripting languages space. Personally it's the main reason I'm not using CS (or Python or HAML or Slim), transpiling is number 2. (×) kind of because Ruby is probably more successful in web development but less anywhere else. All of this looks great and I'll give it a try as soon as I get some spare time, but there are a couple of things I didn't understand. 1) Is this cross platform or are you still going to have separate code bases for the UIs of iOS and Android? Looking at the code in the demo there are components like View, Text and Image. As basic as they are, are they the same on iOS and Android (same behaviour, same arguments)? It was pretty clear from the first minutes of the video that View is build on top of the native view of iOS (he showed the objC code). Is that React code building for Android? 2) I guess that one must still be proficient in iOS and Android, unless they make the monumental job of rewriting all the iOS and Android documentation for the React components they implemented. I expect to have to reference the native docs to understand the meaning of the arguments and do the job of mapping React to native. That has always been a pain point in many UI abstraction layers. I'm more into Ruby than in JavaScript even if I have 10 years of Ruby vs 20 of JS on my shoulders. In my experience Python is always easier to read than JS. It's easier than Ruby for the part that spares me from a silly looking sequence of end end end at the end of some nested block (but that : before a new indentation level looks silly too.) The syntax of both Ruby and Python beat squarely any C-like language, even if Python looks strange to me. Perhaps is the mix of objects and functions that makes it look a little C-ish, or the many __name__ one has to write in same cases. Anyway... I would do without JavaScript's {} () and ; or Ruby's end (which bugged me a lot 10 years ago) but unfortunately that easier syntax is offset by the too many times it came biting me with nasty bugs after I cut and pasted code around during refactoring. Or having to take really care of how many spaces I'm deleting to match the indentation level I must reach. The editor can't autoindent all the file for me. It's bad enough when I'm working in YAML files (the format of Rails's i18n db, another ironic choice) and I don't want to deal with it in all my codebase. So in my experience significant indentation is evil because as a matter of fact is making me less productive. Lot's of people share the same feeling, lots of people are happy with that. No problem, there are so many choices that we can always pick what's best for us. PS: I just thought that maybe an editor could autohide Ruby's end (or color it almost away) and still be able to autoindent code. Maybe I'll try to tell emacs to color end in dark blue (black background) and see what happens to code readability. I see that many old and new web applications run inside sandstorm, so it's a framework to manage apps. They probably have to be adapted a little but I don't think that WordPress has been rewritten to fit into sandstorm. Anything will do, probably. Furthermore you can download sandstorm and install it on your server. Does it have something equivalent to Adblock's element hiding helper? I'm using it a lot to hide useless (to me) parts of websites or ads in disguise. Alternatively, is there a FF extension similar to it? Thanks. There could be a misunderstanding. The editor indents the code and keeps it indented properly whatever it happens, not the programmer. I don't have to worry about which indentation level is the right one for the code I'm writing and the bugs I'll create if I get it wrong. I press tab and emacs places it where it must go, if it's not already there, which is the case unless I'm doing copy and paste. At least this is my experience with languages that have block delimiters. I add to the point: doing it on a game many can't even make half way through. I wonder how this strategy is going to affect the bottom line of Microsoft. People writing with CLR languages are deploying web apps mainly (or only) to Windows now. They're going to have an option to deploy to Linux soon. This means less revenues from OS and DB licenses, so it looks bad. Do they expect a large number of people leaving Java, Node, Python, Ruby and picking up C# because of the Linux deploys? Those people would probably have to buy Windows and VisualStudio licenses to code in C# in a VM or just ditch Macs for PCs. More desktop licenses could make up for lost server ones but if I googled well a server costs more than a desktop. Or maybe they're playing a longer game: open source as much as they can, hope some network effect builds up, find out how to profit from it. In the medium term they might be losing money tough. Am I missing something obvious? This might be the answer, but it's going to become part of distributions so I could run .NET on Linux on AWS or on my own VPS hosted anywhere. I can't see any reason why Amazon won't provide a Linux .NET image to boot from. Obviously MS can try to provide better and faster images for their Azure servers, maybe even their own distro. I can't wait to see Microsoft Linux Server 2018 :-) Prices for cloud servers are falling, so do they really plan to take part to a race to the bottom? I remember this discussion from November https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8582096 I never tried C# but I did code in Java with vim and emacs. Not a nice experience. Java more or less requires an IDE. I assumed C# would be the same but I could have assumed too much. See also https://github.com/twerth/bashmarks Edit: what I'm actually using is https://github.com/huyng/bashmarks The original link is what I googled on my phone before being able to check it on the computer. bashmarks don't have fuzzy search but they have completion. g and I can see the 12 bashmarks I defined. No need to list them. Does goto has completion on bookmark names? That's a killer feature. Anyway I'll give goto a try because goto a_file_name could also be a killer feature. But a short name is also a good thing. I think I'll rename goto to some single letter, maybe t. I hope you don't mind. I had to google what Universal Apps are (Windows is a very remote technology stack for me), got it now. About the .NET on Linux move, so the strategy could be to make more people willing to develop with .NET, bet that they buy VisualStudio, which means Windows desktop licenses and be prepared to see Windows Server replaced by Linux instances running (hopefully for them) on Azure. For that to work they must be bold in selling Azure and luring developers to the .NET stack. I don't foresee developers leaving their 5/10 years investment on other stacks en masse. Maybe new developers will consider .NET as a viable alternative to all the other open source tecnologies. It's a generational gamble and it's going to pay only if they really can compete against AWS and the other VM providers. However I understand that they must do something, or they'll end up as the company that makes a console and an OS for video gamers and for cheap computers. I'm not sure Windows (and transitively Microsoft) is a positive brand and its continuity an illusion worth keeping. It reminds me of antivirus, slow boots, periodic reinstalls to make XP quick again, BSOD and many other things that drove me away from it years ago. Anyway, if one never tried anything else not to leave home could be reassuring and it seems that Win7 wasn't so bad anymore (but I still get calls from friends with infested Windows machines). No last mile unbundling: does it mean that every operator has to deploy its own cable from street to home? You're correct about the carrot but the stick is that companies will pay another politician, who'll get funds to be elected instead of the one who refused to be bribed. It works on Firefox Linux too. It's possible to rotate the ship only on a 2D plane, we must use + and - to move on the 3rd axis. This makes navigation slow and goes against our reflexes built with years and years of videogames. I hope it gets added soon. The nicest thing of this interface is being able to see the links to related pages/stars. For reading a page Wikipedia is best, but this is a better tool for exploring the network. A suggestion: ESC to close a page. I remember I already heard that, but is there a way to proof it? Annihilating electrons with positions obviously isn't enough. I'm less than 50 and I remember how life was (Italy here). When I was little some children had polio and couldn't walk properly, I didn't know why at the time. Luckily they were the last ones and luckily I was vaccinated. However I had both measles and mumps, not a big deal but maybe only because I was little or because of proper treatment. I think every child at school had them sooner or later and all of them came back to school. We were the last ones not to be vaccinated against those diseases. As an adult I got vaccinated against hepatitis, cholera, yellow fever, typhus, tetanus etc (I travel around the world on vacations). No consequences. Vaccination for me is an obvious choice. I can think that measles is easily survivable but I won't expose a child of mine to polio. Get all the vaccinations they offer you, it's a good investment. However, if you don't live a problem you don't really appreciate it. Example: talking with people born in the mid 80s, it was impossible to convince them that there was a real concern about nuclear war at the time they were born (remember Reagan, Brezhnev, Andropov, the Star Wars shield?) Obviously nobody was going to fire missiles, they say. Go read the newspapers, watch the movies, etc I say. No way. Yes (+1), and to be clear: I would vaccinate my children against measles and everything else. My parents would have done it too. Maybe I should have written "I could think that measles is easily survivable..." I wonder how often it happens that people connects remotely to a Linux PC with a camera. When I do it is because I ssh to another laptop of mine, maybe to shut it down after I lost the desktop (maybe the graphic card crashed). OK, we should support as many use cases as possible but it could be acceptable to tell people that if they want to setup a multiseat machine shared with strangers (students at school? They can get very creative) they disable mics, cameras and don't plugin dvds and usb drives. Servers usually don't have any of them. Finally, if you give somebody a sudo you accept that s/he can shutdown the system remotely, normal case for a server. I also wonder how other OSes handle that, I'm looking at Windows and OSX. With VNC/RDP/Teamviewer/etc you get full access to the Windows desktop and all devices. I guess OSX has the same, plus sshd. So, maybe supporting a fringe use case is making more common use cases more inconvenient? Maybe I was lucky in my choice of Linux distro but I never had problems with WiFi or plugging in USB drives since I started with Ubuntu 8.04. All I can say is that I was surprised about how a drive becomes available much faster than on Windows. That was the case with XP and still is the case with Win 8. Could you give some examples of USB drives not working or new networks not found? Thanks. Ok, I understood why I was puzzled. Ubuntu opens a file manager window whenever I plug in a USB drive and it tells me about available WiFi networks. XFCE on my netbook does the same. Probably some other distro is more silent about those events. Same with me. I prefer Gnome to KDE because I've a feeling that it saves me half of mouse clicks but Gnome, KDE Unity or what else save so much configuration time. Furthermore it's easier to google solutions when something goes wrong, which in turn are extra time savings. Even if this is a different game it somewhat reminds me of countless games of minesweeper 20+ years ago. Luckily (or unluckily?) I'm no more as addicted to these kind of games as I used to be or I would spend all the night playing this one :-) By the way, you always have the option of dual licensing your (A)GPL code, because the code is yours. You can AGPL your web app and make a deal with a company for a commercial license that will let them derive another web app from it without having to distribute changes. You can make deals with different clauses with different companies. Better be safe than sorry, in any country. What happens when one dies, who keeps moving that data? Companies eventually close. Millennia old documents made their way to us without anybody carying about them. Digital data seem to be intrinsically different from analog ones in that continuous care is needed. What you propose is a solution but I can't see who's going to do it for free as walls and caves did for paintings and inscriptions. The new Opera has the same engine of Chrome and none of the inconveniences. I'm using Firefox as primary browser and Chrome in another virtual desktop to work in Google Drive because it's a little faster (maybe too many extensions). I replaced it with Opera and it works well. I have no idea if it can use Chrome extensions, never installed one anyway as it was a single purpose browser. I quote a page of Stross' Glasshouse which I'm reading right now. "We know why the dark age happened [...] Our ancestors allowed their storage and processing architectures to proliferate uncontrollably, and they tended to throw away old technologies instead of virtualizing them. For reasons of commercial advantage, some of their largest entities deliberately created incompatible information formats and locked up huge quantities of useful materials in them, so that when new architectures replaced old, the data became inaccessible." There is a trend of not owning a car, at least in Europe, thanks to companies like car2go, moovel and many others. Uber too. Autonomous cars will further the trend. Cars are going to become a B2B product, not exactly Apple's playground. But this is in the long run so it could not matter even strategically. About winning the smartphone war, if Apple won it, that was the war for cash. Android won the war for usage, same way IE won the browser wars. I wonder what's the margin on a car. If you have to make low margin products to keep selling high margin ones you end up low margin overall. So, if Apple goes for $50+k cars, it will still be a high margin business but even more biased towards the richest consumers. If it goes for 10k cars, that will be a big change in strategy. It's literally too long to read. I clicked on it out of curiosity, read the first lines, started scrolling faster and faster, didn't reach the end. But somebody will find it too short and overly interesting. Luckily we are all different :-) I didn't know about cycle.travel until I read OSM's announcement this morning. The site is great even if a little slow. I planned a 110 km route mostly on unpaved roads and it did well. I run into a couple of glitches but I don't know if they happened because of the routing algorithm or the data. Is there a way to report them beside taking a screenshot? It would be nice to hear from Ferrari about the rationale for the design of the chassis. They protected the rear wheels, which could improve safety. They didn't close the cockpit, which is a matter under discussion for safety reasons too. The front wing is a little naive, not as developed as real world ones, but this is a concept. The tunnel under the car is interesting: what's for? Some applications could have to serve fast requests (maybe ajax calls to a json api) and slow requests (full page rendering) from the same servers. In this case the technique from the post should be tweaked by creating two classes of requests with different averages and variances. A server should be taken out from the pool only if it doesn't belong to any of the classes. I posted to the forum right now, same nick as here. How about the sub files with the same name of the video file you selected? Some players open them automatically and it's very convenient. I'm sure there are other cases like that. https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1080319 tl;dr there are other command line options to do everything -remote does in a more sensible way. You should install Firebug. It's better than the integrated dev tools in almost all areas. About writing extensions we had this on HN in September 2014 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8285744 I sometimes use the dev tools but I prefer Firebug. Maybe it's only better looking but there are some real advantages. I'm on a phone now and can't make a side by side comparison. Relying on my memory won't work :-) The dev tools are faster, that's for sure but Firebug is not slow enough to switch. I'd like the two teams to merge. I confirm that a high waiting time can be due to a damaged disk. I had a server that became slower over the time notwithstanding a constant number of requests. It took me a while to notice a 90% waiting time in top. A disk was dying, I got it replaced and the server got speedy again. From the post: "Smartphone owners “use an average of 24 apps per month but spend more than 80 percent of their [in app] time on just five apps.”" So you want to be one of those 5 apps, maybe being into the other 19 is acceptable. There isn't space for everybody. I'd like to know how many web sites smartphone owners look at every day. My unsupported by data gut feeling is that there is more space there: bookmarks are not more manageable than apps but web sites can be discovered and accessed from other sites and even linked from within apps (think FB). I won't recommend going app only. Example: Techcrunch has both and I don't think they would ditch the site. Anybody from TC here? I dare to say that apps are for frequent readers, probably not all of them. Don't tell me, because I use both (mainly emacs), but maybe is to do something like this https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BITBUCKET/Edit+onli... It can be strategic even if limited to quick edits and for some subsets of the repository now. Anyway I can think of a GitHub augmented with an IDE and integrated with a CI and CD system with deployment to a Heroku. It could let you write code from pretty everywhere, occasionally even on a tablet or a large phone. Somebody will use it. The blog ends on October 2012 and the latest commit is from December 2013. Are there more recent news about the project and/or is this post related to some forthcoming releases? Edit: I found https://github.com/okfn/textus-viewer and https://github.com/okfn/textus-wordpress from 2014 so somebody is still working on it. Actually Google Docs has version control with single keystroke granularity http://features.jsomers.net/how-i-reverse-engineered-google-... but they don't expose it with a UI. That was discussed on HN time ago. Etherpad probably has something very similar built in. However I don't know of anything with the advanced functionalities you describe. Canon buying it's own .canon gTLD and closing it down is a way to allow http://canon in the address bar of a browser. This is fair IMHO because nobody else is expected to use a .canon domain, no more than a .canon.com one. Buying a generic word and closing it down is a different matter. Tying .blog to only one service is very different than doing it with .blogger. It's a way of saying you won't have any other blog platform than mine, no matter if you're using your self hosted WordPress or one of the many services that compete with Blogger. This would be bad no matter who's going to win the bid for .blog or any other generic word. I think you're right for now but in future we could get used to those naming conventions. Think about the evolution of web urls in print: http://www.company.com www.company.com company.com company will be the next natural step. Maybe the step afert that will be naming the company after the domain name (some domains have hyphens in place of spaces in the name of the company now). If it were not for the huge cost everybody could have its own gTLD. We could end up being surprised that a given company still has the .com suffix. "It's a small one, they don't have money", we'll think. The UI was fine for me in 2002 and is fine today. What would you change? The giant step in usability was the intrusion of a fast search engine. Outbound filters were another nice improvement but not as important. Not UI anyway. Email / password please, before anything else. As a rule I don't signup any service unless it makes me create an account separate from any other one I have. My password manager remembers them for me (keepassx). I can see another problem. I explain it with an example. We know there are two Apple, the music company and the electronics one. The relationship has not been easy en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Corps_v_Apple_Computer but they have a trademark in their own business space and that's a case contemplated by trademark law. However there can be only .apple gTLD. I'd like to see what's happen has soon as one of the two Apples tries to get it. This won't be the only case. Plenty of TVs and monitors still have a VGA port, so that's not a surprise. Furthermore this is basically a PC from 10 years ago and not a top notch one (I'm looking to HD, CPU and network card - I had a laptop with 10/100/1000). It's interesting that you can still run a 2014 OS on that hardware. There is probably some value in using an Intel chip instead of an ARM one even if I bet that most Linux software runs on ARM too (all my Linux boxes are x86_64). Everything in the other replies plus Syncthing. If you don't trust Dropbox you should encrypt your files before copying them to the Dropbox folder because you can't trust the client too. You should encrypt them with a key the client cannot read from fs. Basically you're going to use it as a backup service because you won't be able to work on files in the DB folder. Maybe one of those file systems that work in user space and store only encrypted data will do. Check this http://www.howtogeek.com/121737/how-to-encrypt-cloud-storage... Everybody would be disappointed if they were not the eyes of an exogorth staring at the probe and waiting for a lunch after so many years. I expect to have to support HTTP for a long time on my sites but it would be nice to start using HTTP2 with browsers that can handle it. I can see two problems: 1) How can they coexist on the same server? I googled a little but maybe with the wrong keywords. I found this but it's pretty shallow on details http://nginx.com/blog/how-nginx-plans-to-support-http2/ 2) I still want to serve HTTP1 optimized content to HTTP1 clients. I hope web servers are going to let us serve different content based on protocol version. Maybe the application server needs to know about it too. Anybody here with first hand experience? Thanks Ruby got them customers within the bounds of their time and money budget so it did its job. Nothing in the post suggests they have regrets about it but it would be interesting to hear from them. I get a certificate warning when accessing the site on Android 4.4.2 NET:ERR_CERT_CERTIFICATION_INVALID with both Chrome and Opera. All is fine on Ubuntu. Non paywalled news from another source at http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/05/us-europe-ebooks-t... And even if they didn't have an office there, they have customers in Germany. When there is money flowing there are many ways to punish a company. I believed to have it too but I checked and I've got the Chess program from PSION instead, which is for the 16kB ZX81. I remember that I lost every single game. I keep it on the old CDs bookshelf, with a cassette of Defender. They're maybe the last two tapes left from those years. The ZX81 is somewhere at my parents house. I also kept the BASIC Programming Manual. I develop with Ruby and JS now, probably no less than 16 MB for any program I run :-) Maybe the algorithm can make better recommendations using data from multiple web apps but I suspect that it could be a commercial choice leading to a paid service (think about NewRelic). It's completely legit, nevertheless I'll prefer to keep my usage data inside my own box. From their diagram about Discourse it seems it could be a 30% boost. Yes very different model, and you realize that the syntax is not so similar once you really start working with Elixir: you start using constructs that don't belong to procedural languages at all. Similarities don't go much further than def do end (but there are too many do and too many different def in Elixir) and the sensible naming of some Library.functions() to match classes and methods in Ruby's standard library. But hey, making a good first impression is extremely important and Elixir has been engineered well in that regard. It's not one of those I'll-never-ever-be-able-to-read-it languages. I think it's difficult to draw a line between improvements and derivative work (what your "entire work") could be. The GPL plays safe and requires redistribution of everything. I'd play safe too, with BSD I could end up seeing a company getting rich starting with my code and locking me outside of any improvements. I'm not so generous. Which sounds very fair: I helped you, you help me. Improved is an understatement. Symbols have been garbage collected only since 2.2.0 (December 25, 2014) and 2.2.1 has been released a few days ago with a patch for a corner case that was leaking symbols. Leaking them was what any Ruby https://github.com/jruby/jruby/issues/2350 but I think it's not released yet. Rubinius will follow but there is no estimates for a release https://github.com/rubinius/rubinius/issues/3280 Apparently Rails 5 will take advantage of symbols GC to use symbols as keys for the params hash instead of strings. It uses strings now only to prevent DoS because of uncollectable symbols. Actually it is part of the argument. I watched the video linked to the post. The speaker says that symbols and strings are converging. Frozen strings are symbol like and symbol GC made symbols string like. Symbols were a performance optimization and we are close not to need it anymore. I'm not sure there isn't more about symbols than that but I'll think about it the next time I'll write some Ruby. I'll pretend I have only strings and see what happens. One thing for sure: we'd need a syntactical shortcut because having to type "string".freeze everytime is unbearable. If the right shortcut is :string or the lispy 'string, I don't know but if we need it symbols are fine even if symbol.class could end up being String. Most people update the kernel when their distro does. Ubuntu 12.04 LTS is currently at a .5 version with kernel 3.13. There seem to be no plans for a 12.04.6 with a newer kernel but we'll see. Maybe TSYNC can be backported to 3.13 (I'm unsure about who has to do it) or Chromium can be compiled without TSYNC (distro's choice). If nothing happens this is going to cost Google some users but obviously it's their browser and their choice of how to implement it and where it can run. My 2 cents: 1, 2, 3: OK. 4: I don't understand what's the purpose of this element. A spinner? 5, 6: OK. 7: OK, this is very similar to what slack uses to show new users what to do. 8: OK. 9: does one really want to do that to a logo? Oh well, personal choices :-) 10 to 13: OK. 14: I'm afraid it will be difficult to look at. 15: This looks dangerous. A phisher could set all the screen to a 100% div which is a link to the phished for site and get it's URL in the address bar. By carefully handling events and drawing elements it can collect clicks and keypresses and maybe MITM the real site without the user noticing. Is this called Safari link because it is how Safari displays links? 16: I don't get it. My first thought is that it was an accordion. 17: OK. Great. I didn't know (actually I didn't know about TSYNC until today). Thank you. This site has a fairly good explanation of the benefits of 16:10 http://sixteenbyten.com/ 16:10 is better than 16:9 for anything but watching movies because the screen would be as wide anyway, so the 16:9 turns into a reduced height display. Furthermore watching movies with a little black stripes above and below the video is not so bad. You probably had a replica set and maybe an off-site replica. What are you using now, a single PostgreSQL instance, a master-slave cluster or any other distributed setup? If positive, which one of the many psql distributed technologies are you using? Thanks. http://www.google.com/chromebook/pixel/ this works (Italian IP) Netscape wa giving its browser away for free too. I remember I was downloading it from netscape.com without paying. What made Microsoft subject to an antitrust investigation was bundling IE with Windows. MS lost the case but too late for Netscape. To answer another reply to your post, that's also the difference with Linus distributing Linux for free. No bundling. Furthermore there is the open source vs closed source issue which is no small difference too. They also give you the source code. That makes the whole issue so different that I won't use Linux and OO as an analogy for this Indian case. The keyboard can't get OTA updates unless it can communicate with the update server. That means it has either WiFi or 3G or the tablet gets the files and uploads them to the keyboard. Probably the latter. Never had a problem with it, both on WinXP from 2001 to 2008 and with Ubuntu since then. I never changed the default settings. All just worked. They've been all HP laptops. Yesterday version was better on my Galaxy S2 with Opera (blink engine). The new one has left and right margins that reduce the area available for text. That's much visible on the home page. The comments pages are maybe the same but I've got the feeling that text is smaller because I don't remember having to tap so often to read. A close up (Google Maps) https://goo.gl/maps/IE3NH There are some pictures in the imagery at the bottom of the page. If you explore the map you'll see the channel from the Tiber river to the sea the article writes about. It's used as a harbour for sailboats and motorboats. I really never paid for it. According to http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netscape_Navigator it was free for non commercial users. There were a few changes along the months but eventually "the full version of the browser continued to be made available for free online". Exactly. Dear Google, not that I don't appreciate your efforts but please open source the server side application, let me install in on my VPS and point my phone to it. I'll be happy to start using Google Now then. But don't forget to open source the app too, to be sure that nothing funny is going on inside it. If you want to support the team you should buy from http://store.arduino.cc/ or from any other site. You should not buy from http://www.smartprj.com/ which is the Arduino Srl site. The filter by single country is not particularly useful. I'd like to search by all countries (or checkbox some of them) instead of having to perform N searches to find who's the best provider. I don't understand the problem that was solved. Android devices can forget a WiFi network (long press the WiFi icon for the menu), manually select a network (same menu) and can disable WiFi and/or 3G. You never connect to a network you don't want to connect to. "We’re okay with one brand making everyone’s cellphones, because no company could do so without enormous scale" Is this claim backed from any market figure? I believed there are far more Android phones than iPhones. Anyway, most of the reasoning in the post is sound but I wonder how a smart watch (Apple or anything) will appeal to people that grew up without wearing watches (it's been only a fashion statement in the last 20 years) or decided to do without it (like me since the beginning of the '90s, there is always a clock around). Is this market really going to be as large as the one for phones? There is only one sure way to make money as an app developer, iOS or Android: getting paid to develop for customers that will publish those apps on the stores. And there is only one sure way for those customers to be profitable: give the apps away for free and make money with the service people access with those apps. In the software world think Trello, Slack. Other services, think Uber. If you want to make money through the store, by selling your app, it's very hard because of all the reasons discussed in the other posts here. The analogy is somewhat clumsy but he really gets to the point eventually. His words: "Does it make more sense to spend a lot of time and resources making sure that only those that absolutely require help get it? Or does it make more sense to just guarantee everyone gets help and make adjustments after the fact? What's more efficient? All the interviewers, interview equipment, calculations, personal judgments, and spending of resources on stuff we don't even need? Or is it more efficient to just skip all of that, and cover everyone, no questions asked?" Again, more verbose than the post you're replying to but the point is the same. There is no cliff effect with basic income. You get $1000 because you're alive. If you get a job and are paid $1100 for it, you make a $2100 total. Without basic income your job would be worth only an extra $100 and I understand that it might not be worth the effort. Probably you'd be losing money because of travelling from and back to home. By the way, the cost for whoever pays those $1000 of basic income is lower because they get back part of them by collecting taxes. It's very difficult with a touchpad unless one is left handed. Keys on the right, aim on the left: bad for the 90% of us. I should look for my mouse. I know I have one somewhere. You might want to add http://loopback.io/ which is a node.js module to implement JSON APIs. It has its own way to do it so we could say it's a standard from the industry. Maybe it's too early to call is "standard" but it's getting traction. They're sending people around to give talks and 1 hour training events. I'm coordinating a team of developers using it. So far it's OK. That's democracy and freedom of movement. They are orthogonal and orthogonal to capitalism too. We are used to live in countries with all of them but you can have any combination of them. Some MOOC have both video and PDF slides. I remember a computer graphic corse on Coursera. The videos were obviously useful in many ways but the PDFs were better for finding the formulas when doing the tests. The attack is still going on. Details at https://status.github.com/messages They describe what they're doing to mitigate it. The latest message is 0:09 UTC Hour 118: Mitigation remains effective and service is stable. They are on Rails 3 which is pretty old for Rails standards and they got there recently. See http://shayfrendt.com/posts/upgrading-github-to-rails-3-with... This is their architecture in 2009 https://github.com/blog/530-how-we-made-github-fast Couldn't find anything more recent. "land-use regulations in the West End of London inflate the price of office space by about 800%; Milan and Paris the rules push up prices by around 300%." I live in Milan so I think I'm qualified to write about this. The office space one wants is close to home or to metro or train stations, unless one lives outside the city. In that case the best office space is close to the highways on the same side of the city you're from. I used to work at 10 minutes by feet from office, then exactly at the other side of the city. It took one hour to get to office, by car or public transport. I preferred public transport because of the free time for reading. I work mostly from home now with customers within 30 minutes (walking of cycling), which is even better. I can understand that zoning rules limit the number of offices and houses that can be build close to the best areas but as a city dweller do I really want to see buildings built everywhere, in every single space between existing buildings or replacing smaller ones? Call me selfish because I don't care about raising the country GDP but I don't think so. Maybe it's because I'm European but my ideal of a city is not a large archaeology. It's more like this http://goitaly.about.com/od/moreitaliancities/tp/small-itali... and Milan is a reasonable compromise between access to fast Internet, customers and quality of life. People born in those other cities won't agree but they still come here to work :-) Yes, thanks. Most of the people you meet are useless to build your business. But even one in a hundred could make the difference and sometimes somebody you met years ago and almost reciprocally forgot can trigger a positive chain of events. If you can afford sending somebody to every event do it. If you can't, select a few of them and get known as the "person who does X". I was in the GPS trackers business 8 years ago and people still asks me about it. I'm doing something else now but a company asked my advice a couple of months ago and I found a consultant for them. I got to the site with my tablet and I couldn't see anything. I suggest to embed a video somewhere in the page. Maybe I'll remember to look at it on the computer later on but this is a way of losing potential users. Btw, here's a video for other mobile users http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=plr7CZuWPJQ This reminds me that with git sometimes you don't have anything to push to. Example 1: a repository is local by definition and if you work alone you can back it up to your USB disk and never push it to any remote. Example 2: there are many ways to send diffs to other developers. Push is one of them but you can also use git-format-patch and git-send-email together to mail them to your team. http://git-scm.com/docs/git-format-patch http://git-scm.com/docs/git-send-email They can start selling new servers only in data centers outside France, move the current VPSes and eventually shut down or sell the data center. The transition can last years but it can be done. By the way, my bet is that France lawmakers don't even know that OVH exists (unless they do some lobbying) and don't know it's the third largest in the world. Now that they know they'll be counting votes gained against votes lost for every option (and money too). Then they'll decide what to do. My 2 cents. I had an Android phone since 2011 and an Android tablet since last December. I do use Google Play to install apps and for nothing else. I use Google Maps without being logged in. I don't use Gmail nor Chrome (also on desktop). I search from within Opera (I bet this is very unusual). I know it's anecdotal but given my experience the only thing that would impair Android is the lack of an app store. Books, movies, music etc don't matter. Only apps. There are alternatives to Google Play and there will be more if for some reason Google decide to shut it down but a search engine and a little QA for apps is convenient. Having to wander through 4 or 5 app stores would be a bad experience (btw, I do use FDroid for some app not on Google's store). I think immediate consumer convenience can turn into a bad consumer experience once the company providing it becomes the monopolist. Monopolies do bad things to customers in the long run. So we can end up with large consumer inconvenience and unhealthy economic ecosystem. I prefer a little less convenience now and let competition improve it a little bit or keep it at a reasonable level. In my part of the world (Europe) there has been a kind of triple point in March 2012 http://gs.statcounter.com/#browser-eu-monthly-200807-201504 Chrome and FF overtook IE, then Chrome kept growing, FF and IE kept falling with FF maintaining an edge over IE. Thanks for the reference to Differential Synchronization, very interesting! https://neil.fraser.name/writing/sync/ They have two data centers in France and one in Canada. Canada is too many ms away so I probably have to relocate my services to another company. Too bad because the price was good even if customer service is abysmal (for VPSes). Anybody here knows about another company selling VPSes with similar prices and features? Thanks. I might be wrong but in the case of Apple it seems that to its customers it's Apple that matters, not apps. It's a brand many people want to buy because of the same mechanisms that make people buy luxury brands. The only time I remember when Apple's branding wasn't really enough has been in the 90s when graphic designers left Macs for Windows machines because Adobe software run so much better there. It was an undeniable combination of hw and sw problems. All of them came back and more thanks to the iPod first and the iPhone later. So you might be right that too many inconveniences will send faithful customers away (I gave an example) but I don't believe commoditized apps are such a problem. People buy Apple because it's Apple and only a barren app store could drive them away now. "Internet.org doesn’t block or throttle any other services or create fast lanes -- and it never will. We’re open for all mobile operators and we’re not stopping anyone from joining. We want as many internet providers to join so as many people as possible can be connected." Dear Mark, this open-to-ISP initiative is one way to look at what you're doing. Another one is closed-to-most-of-the-Internet. Let's turn it into an open-to-all-Internet initiative (web sites, mail, etc - all protocols), with no other costs for service providers (web sites, etc) than the amount of money they're paying to get online right now. Then I'll believe you're really trying to help those poor people by giving them free access to the full Internet, not only to what you think they must be allowed to access. Forgive me if I'm skeptical about how unbiased you are about it. Thanks. Common market but different fiscal regimes. It seems absurd but it makes sense when you think that each country is jealous of its fiscal incomes because they are what keep them running. In no way an Italy would let an Ireland grab its share of taxes only because Italian companies prefer to incorporate in Ireland because of lower taxation. Only a common EU fiscal regime will solve that, but think about the impacts on those countries that are spending too much and will have to change their speding patterns (from no more useless expenses to laying out public workers). Cheers from the Italian Ruby Forum and thanks for starting this initiative! You can try and I'm sure you'll find someone that accepts it but I won't be your customer. As a customer I want ownership of the code, to be able to fix bugs and add functionality without having to go back to you. In a few years you might have changed field of business or be too busy or too expensive to work for me again. It's a risk I cannot accept. That said, for small trow away projects I could accept that you keep the IP but I'll want a discount (to remark that I don't think this is the normal way to do this business: photos != software). It won't be the first time a company has to disclose its source code to a government to keep doing business in that country. Apple 2015 http://qz.com/332059/apple-is-reportedly-giving-the-chinese-... Microsoft 2003 http://news.cnet.com/China-to-view-Windows-code/2100-1007_3-... Sometimes yes, but sometimes you started writing CGIs in C, then Perl, than you wrote your microframework, then you decided to use a standard one. This has been my evolution and even if I don't understand everything inside the frameworks I'm using now I have a general idea. And furthermore, what can we do about it? Writing code from scratch or maintaining or own frameworks is more or less the way to losing customers, unless you are a Facebook and you call engineer and push a React. I used Phoenix for a small project last September, not much more than a toy but anyway... Pros: websocket support is good, the developers are friendly and answer questions, the app is faster than what I'm used to with Rails. Neutral: Elixir looks like Ruby but it's very different. Be prepared to learn everything from scratch. You need also to know a little Erlang and the OTP framework to be able to use some useful library functions. OTP is a world on its own. Cons: the tooling is very immature, probably like the one for Rails at the time of the 1.x releases. Be prepared to write many things by hand instead of requiring gem_x and automagically get functionality for free. This is going to slow down developement, increase costs and possibly get you outbid from competitors. Nevertheless it could be OK for internal projects used to get familiar with the framework. > It’s natural to assume that service providers like Ancestry will be good custodians of our data, No, never. Not Ancestry or anybody else. In this very moment my computer is running my daily back up my Google Drive (customers write stuff there) to my USB disk (I know, I should need a better disaster recovery solution). Not that Google doesn't provide a good service, but I don't trust them to preserve all my data until I need it, possibly tens of years in the future. I better care about it myself. I consider anything stored "on the cloud" as expendable. If I really care about it I back it up in multiple copies. I have a couple of servers where I send encrypted backups using duplicity. Is this too much for the average computer/tablet user? Yes, but there won't be a market for proper consumer backup until enough people has been burned by this kind of things and all cloud services will start offering an export procedure. Meanwhile I think it's worth using self hosted services. For my company I have a self hosted redmine with all the details of my projects. Ok, you have a point. Trust is natural (think about the attitude of little children) and education goes like "don't trust strangers". Hoping for the best often is a sub optimal strategy. I was starting from that assumption. Reputation. We pick banks, stores and neighborhoods based on reputation. We trust some of them because they proved to be good and we don't trust others (I bet there are areas of the world and maybe of your city where you won't walk alone in the night.) We get educated to trust according to reputation. Personally I don't trust much Internet services because so many of them die young. I always wonder how many years any of the services I have to use for work will stay with me and how I can move my data somewhere else, in the few cases it makes sense (example: you can export Trello's data, but then what?) My customers and I use them because they are so convenient but I'm sure that sooner or later one of them will die in the middle of a project and we will be burnt. I have redmine wikis from 8 years ago. I'll have Trello's boards for the projects I'm working on now in 2022? But I also don't trust much any "normal" company. I expect that they make their interests first, mine maybe. I buy from them but caveat emptor. "We fill our aeroplanes because of the way we design the interiors, the amount of money we spend on the brand, and [in] getting the job done." Is this really how people pick an airline? I type in my destination in a web site, sort the options by price, discard the ones with too many or too inconvenient connections, pick the cheaper. The airline is not so important. The plane definitely not, given that on intercontinental routes they are more or less the same and some companies are geographically placed on optimal locations: going from Europe to Australia with one or two stops in a single day basically means flying through the Emirates. "Your Apple Watch app acts like a separate process running on a separate device, however behind the scenes the OS runs a ‘skeleton’ like version of your host application on the user's iPhone and the Apple Watch extension in tandem, both on the iPhone" I totally missed this limitation until now. So the iWatch works only if you have an iPhone and the phone is in communication range with the watch? What can the watch still do if the phone is offline or too far away? Can anybody here estimate the money lost due to late flights, crews, etc? I don't know where to start from but I'd love to compare it with the costs of keep using paper. No. Having used the MIT license means that Company X can take .NET, make its own modifications, distribute them in binary form and don't share them back as source code with MS or anybody else. Apparently MS isn't afraid about it. MS is the copyright holder so they could make proprietary updates whatever FOSS license they used, GPL v3 included. I don't think is too little but I'm sure they are late. Too late? Probably not but imagine if they did this 10 years ago, the impact it would have had on Java and many other ecosystems. I bet many of them would have been smaller and MS larger. The post has a point about a better onboarding experience. This is an analysis of Twitter's one http://www.useronboard.com/how-twitter-onboards-new-users/ (not my site) About the main point of the post, I remember not having a good feeling at Twitter's strangling the 3rd party apps. It's possible that they already have all the people willing to chat in public about anything now (and the marketers) so they won't grow much more than this, but for sure a thousand companies developing business models on the top of a 140-characters messaging bus can have more ideas about expanding the platform than the only one controlling the bus. Problem: not all those ideas will benefit Twitter, some of them could even be detrimental to it. I think it's a sort of common dilemma, my platform or theirs, my vision or the one of customers? Historically both choices played well or badly. Twitter made their bet, let's wait another couple of years and see. Sadly true. That's why I'm not using Firefox on android despite using it on the desktop. They never got the right algorithm for font inflation (that's how they call it). HN displays ok in Opera Android but mostly because Opera can reflow text on zoom. That fixes almost everything. I tried it with Opera Android and I get a cursor in a white page. I can type but nothing else. Is this a desktop only editor? I sometimes use this tablet to type or annotate Google docs files so there is definitely some space for mobile editors. As a 10 years Rubyist I'm conflicted about this. First, if I wanted to use a static typed language I have plenty of them to chose from, when I started using Ruby and more right now. One of the reasons I'm using Ruby is that it works well enough without having to tell types to the interpreter (which is already pretty strict about them because - example - it doesn't automatically cast strings and numbers into each other like JS and Perl do). However, in some very rare cases an object without method M gets passed as argument where an object with method M is expected and the code fails at runtime. It would be nice to catch this in advance, but if the price to pay is to start declaring types like I did in C and Java, no thanks. The problems I had because of dynamic typing have not been big enough to go through all that pain again (and code pollution.) We'll see what Matz ends up proposing to us, then we'll discuss it. I hope to be able to keep my code free from type declarations and optionally throw in some constraint when I really want to be sure that an object belongs to some class or has some methods. Nothing more. Where do you live and have free buses? I know, but I think it's difficult to make static type inference when you can build both the class and the method dynamically. Examples: object.send(expression) or Class.send(expression) are hard enough, building the value of Class at runtime adds extra complication, adding that method only to that object is further along the way of complication. And I'm probably only scratching the surface. So, either Ruby 3 is so different from Ruby 2 in a way that Python 3 hasn't been from Python 2 or its static typing will be limited to some scenarios. If you do too much metaprogramming you give up using it. Something like using a subset of a language to get some bonus features (example: JS and ASM.js Better than their first attempt but still not the real thing. If you want to give internet for free to some people there are no alternatives than paying them a full blown data connection with no artificial limits. I believe that my original comment of 2 weeks ago is still relevant: "Dear Mark, this open-to-ISP initiative is one way to look at what you're doing. Another one is closed-to-most-of-the-Internet. Let's turn it into an open-to-all-Internet initiative (web sites, mail, etc - all protocols), with no other costs for service providers (web sites, etc) than the amount of money they're paying to get online right now. Then I'll believe you're really trying to help those poor people by giving them free access to the full Internet, not only to what you think they must be allowed to access. Forgive me if I'm skeptical about how unbiased you are about it. Thanks." (Edit: typo) They are not obligated to do so. They are obligated to do what the majority of the shares want to do, even giving all their money away in charity. If the CEO doesn't comply, the board elects a new CEO. Anyway the shareholders usually care about profit, even short term one, so companies as entities usually "care about getting money". By the way, this is a quote from Facebook's IPO letter http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1326801/0001193125120... (it was pretty debated at the time so it's easy to remember it) "[...] we frequently make product decisions that may reduce our short-term revenue or profitability if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our mission and benefit the aggregate user experience and will thereby improve our financial performance over the long term. These decisions may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our user growth and engagement, our relationships with developers and advertisers, and our business and results of operations could be harmed." It was easy to write that at the time of the IPO but as shareholder become more institutional I believe that the pressure for short term gains increases. I wonder where Facebook is now. I'm not familiar with taxation in Germany. How are taxes on electricity and on gasoline? Maybe without taxes the costs are not too different, and taxes could be shifted from gas to electricity if gas cars usage plummets (they have to get taxes from something...) And is that a good thing? You are not forced to update (in another environment, I have customers with Rails apps in production of version 2.3, 3.0, 3.2, 4.0, 4.2) but you have the option to develop with the latest technology. In those Rails examples: I'll start new projects with Rails 4.2 and Ruby 2.2.2 and not with what I had two years ago. In the JS world, I'd start with ES6 and the latest v8, not the old one from node. Exactly. I was about to post the same comment. No advantages over the browser scrollbar, only some extra problems for the developer and the viewers. Understood but I think you got on the wrong side of the tradeoff. 99.999% of sites use the browser scrollbar and that should be a hint (check apple.com and tell me they don't care about branding.) Do you really want to be remembered as the site with a great tech demo AND a bad scrollbar? How can that be an improvement over just "a great tech demo"? Furthermore I don't appreciate brands taking over my desktop and reducing the usability of my browser (and your site) but that could be just me. I researched it. These data are both from 2014: http://www.dw.de/german-electricity-price-is-half-taxes-and-... "A typical household that uses 3,500 kilowatt hours of power per year pays about 85 euros ($113) a month for electricity." "About 45 euros, just over half the monthly total, is composed of taxes and special levies imposed by government." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuel_tax#Germany "Fuel taxes in Germany are €0.4704 per litre for ultra-low sulphur Diesel and €0.6545 per litre for conventional unleaded petrol, plus Value Added Tax (19%) on the fuel itself and the Fuel Tax. That adds up to prices of €1.12 per litre for ultra-low sulphur Diesel and €1.27 per litre (approximately US$6,14 per US gallon) for unleaded petrol" So petrol and electricity are taxed about the same but diesel is a little "cheaper". Chances are that taxes won't change much even if all of them switch to electric cars tomorrow. I'm using the prices in the Wikipedia page. I assumed they were correct in 2014. Or, in the 2 billion years since the common ancestor, it had plenty of time to evolve those genes like we did. There was an article in SciAm about living fossils recently and how inappropriate that term really is. Yes, I think it's about changing the default presentation order. That could be a feature of the client, psql, pgcli, pgadmin3, but it won't be portable across them unless it's some metadata stored inside the db. Is there any db with that feature? Edit: munro answered that. PostgreSQL does it but it's expensive because it has to rewrite the table. Strange, I have the same Firefox on a Ubuntu 12.04 and the video plays. Did they fix it in the last 3 hours or did I install some uncommon codec? This is the direct URL to the video https://d3j28ekqdam5rw.cloudfront.net/assets/slinky_demo-4c0... What I want is to get (example) the latest nginx and postgresql as soon as they are released, that's why I install them from the developer's ppas both on debian and ubuntu. However I understand the merits of your conservative position (I read your other post too) but I feel that I'm missing too much in that way. There are many desktop applications that I install from 3rd party ppas on ubuntu because they are too out of date in the distro or unavailable, and I think no developer uses the distribution version of languages (node, ruby, erlang, etc). There are package managers for them and you need them server side too. Then you get used to use the distribution ppa only for the core OS and stuff you don't care much about. I'm not sure that I want to dockerize the desktop, and how silly would that be for less or ls, but in a way 3rd party ppas and conservative distros paved the way for it. Yes. Punishment by death is not a option in many countries of the world so you should think twice before doing it in a game. However fighting and killing people is not an accepted behavior nearly anywhere so by this reasoning nobody should play those games, but we do and we realize the difference between playing and reality. That's what makes that question interesting. I did feel that execution to be different from in play killings, but exactly why? Only because years and years of training myself to think they are different? Don't know yet. I think you can start investigating Joe for an email he sent 10 years ago and that your scanning algorithm picked up from the archive only now. Maybe you're searching for matches with different keywords (the X in "war on X" changed). That email and the actions could have been lawful at the time and now, but Joe could be marked as suspicious and all sort of unpleasant things can happen to him and his friends. Or the OS went too short, so to say. There are two problems here. 1) Windows' limit of 260 characters per path name is incredibly small for a modern OS and that was true many years ago as well. 2) Npm approach relied on well behaved OSes and file systems allowing long path names. It's not future proof because you don't know on which OS and file system you'll need to run, maybe some limited embedded device. Ruby's rvm solved that problem with a single directory level and a gem@version naming scheme. Seen last Monday and my first thought after reading the title of the post :-) Do they allow multiple SIM cards for the same person? The unrivaled masters of this art are the North Koreans. http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/07/travel/nk-mass-games/ Plenty of videos on YouTube, search for human pixels Don't know about all of Europe but basically every serious cyclist in Italy wears a helmet. It's very rare to see a road bike or a MTB cyclist without one. The opposite is true for short range cyclists inside cities. Basically nobody wears a helmet. Small children sometimes do, less frequently their parents. Given the number of cyclists using sidewalks in cities (tolerated but not allowed) I think cyclists are quite worried by drivers. Given I always ride in the road (better surface, no obstacles, faster) I think they are a little too fearful (crossing fingers). By the way, because of our climate that collar airbag won't sell well here. It could be handy replacement for a scarf in winter but nobody's going to wear it in summer. About the north of Italy: it's NYC's weather with less extremes (0-35C / 30-95F.) Maybe safer but also a way to tell cyclists to be very patient and don't think of going anywhere quickly. Cycling on sidewalks is only a little worse than that. I prefer doing like cars, waiting in the middle of the road. There are usually cars waiting there too and they act as a sort of shield. Obviously on large roads it can be difficult to make it to the center of the road and in that case I do a Copenaghen left myself. Basic income is a kind of Quantitative Easing for people instead of for banks. If they can create money out of nothing for banks they can do it for everybody. That said, I remember this article about a well known futuristic society that possibly made the transition to a post scarcity world http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2013/11/18/star_trek_eco... I'd personally be happy to live in that kind of world. Where we are and where they are are known, how to perform the transition is still to be understood. If I remember well the texbooks, communism is about common ownership of the means of production (typically factories), not about personal private property or money. I bet I would have been executed back at the time of the October revolution for saying this, but you could have a market even with communism: if nobody want apples and everybody like oranges, guess what is going to be cultivated and what's going to cost more? It doesn't matter that the state (the people) owns all the apple and orange trees and processing factories. They'll allocate resources as the market want. Unfortunately communism almost always came with central planning, maybe because the guys in charge were often dictators and, as you wrote, private initiative was not well received. Furthermore they had to differentiate from capitalism as much as they could (that was marketing), and anything remotely looking capitalistic was forbidden. As an Italian living in Italy (bidets in every bathroom here) I can't think of any more convenient way to clean myself after I used the WC. I experienced the Japanese one in Japan and it's not as effective, but it's better than nothing. You might want to follow these instructions to secure your ssh server and client https://stribika.github.io/2015/01/04/secure-secure-shell.ht... Be careful: not all clients support the newest algorithms. Example: Ubuntu 12.04 ssh client doesn't support curve25519-sha256@libssh.org (I'm still googling how to upgrade to the latest openssh, anybody has the answer?) In general, check that you are still able to connect to your server before closing your last ssh connection to it. I know only three reasons for that: 1) MySQL is bundled in so many low cost PHP hosting services that it is an almost forced choice if you're on a tight budget and presumibly at a very small scale. But anything would do there, maybe even a SQLite backend. Furthermore you usually don't have to really "know" the database you're using if all you do are basic selects, inserts and updates. Chances are that your code will work on any DB and MySQL will be perfectly fine for that kind of applications. 2) At large scale, setting up a cluster of MySQL servers is a more established practice than setting up a cluster of PostgreSQL servers. This is slowly changing as replication features are added to PostgreSQL's core and BDR will be fully developed for 9.5 or 9.6 but it will take time before you find as many experts of PostgreSQL than you have for MySQL. 3) The diagramming tool of MySQL Workbench is far better that anything you can get for free for PostgreSQL. The closest match is Valentina Studio which is not as usable. I can provide plenty or arguments for not using MySQL though. I'll leave them to a search for why mysql sucks but I want to add some of mine. I'm migrating a project from PostgreSQL to MariaDB (drop in compatible with MySQL). The customer made the choice not because of technical reasons and I don't think I can get into the details. The annoying facts we are facing: 1) A whole mess with TIMESTAMPS that is getting sorted out only with MySQL 5.6 and MariaDB 10's switches for 5.6 compatibility http://shankargopal.blogspot.it/2013/03/mysql-566-timestamp-... ("In MySQL versions prior to 5.6, behavior of columns with default values for the TIMESTAMP column type is pretty much nonstandard [...]") 2) A pretty horrible procedural language adding complications over the PostgreSQL one and lacking some features we gave for granted. We must do some processing inside the database not to move whole tables to the application server so we have a few stored procedures. What used to be a 3) The lack of row_number also gave us some problems in grouping records on some columns and picking the ones with the most recent timestamp for each group. See http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1895110/row-number-in-mys... for examples. We built our query over this answer http://stackoverflow.com/a/9652359 In general, MySQL has a pattern of being the only database among the big relational ones that doesn't have feature X or supports it in a non standard way. 4) MySQL's EXPLAIN doesn't seem as informative as PostgreSQL's EXPLAIN ANALYZE but maybe we're still missing something. Summing it up, IMHO MySQL is OK for INSERT/SELECT/UPDATE applications with simple queries but this experience is confirming my years long policy of trying to steer clear from it. Edit: 5) If you're using Ruby, the mysql driver (mysql2) could be slower than the PostgreSQL one (pg). I have a seeding script written in Ruby and it got unbeliveably slow with MySQL (20 times as slow). I opened an issue and you find the details there https://github.com/brianmario/mysql2/issues/623 One of the mysql2 maintainers has been kind and helped me to fix the problem in this particular scenario (grouping inserts together) but it seems that the PostgreSQL driver is more efficient at sending data to the DB (it uses prepared statements, mysql2 doesn't yet) so your application could have a performance boost by using PostgreSQL over MySQL. Be careful: this problem is Ruby specific, most probably not due to the database, and probably it's workload specific (you could say that Ruby's slow anyway, but still, when nearly all of what you do it talking with the database...) Opera 29 Android: first two demos on the home page ok, last two demos black. Chrome 42: same thing. Firefox 38: same but much slower. Stock browser (4.4.2): everything works, a bit slow. I'm really surprised: this should be the most old browser on this tablet. Drivers integration? Nope. As long as we keep deploying on Linux there is no point in developing on Windows. I'm perfectly happy to use Ubuntu as my desktop, most people around me use Macs. A VM for testing with IE will be enough and there are web services for that. With the open sourcing of .NET we're probably going to see .NET applications running on Linux servers too. So Windows clients get less and less valuable. Remember that there is also a reduced version of Visual Studio for OS X and Linux now. Chances are that MS is sacrificing Windows (for developers) to increase the market share of Azure (Linux servers there). The general public will keep buying whatever they find at the mall. (Edit: typos) The picture in the Techcrunch post is pretty clear. The browser talks with an adserver (step 5). And how could it get ads if it didn't do that, pick them from a static list compiled into the browser binary? Soon out of date and hardly interesting for advertisers. GETs to the adserver combined with the in-browser selection algorithm leak details on the browsing history of the user (if he's got this ad he could be that kind of person and been there and there). Maybe not the worst of the spywares but about as concerning as any ad in a web page. Clever. I'll probably turn it off but is much less worrisome in this way. Could you share the link to that discussion? Thanks. Old Galaxy S2 here. It has a FM radio, it uses the earplug cable as antenna but it can play through the speaker. Same thing for my older Nokia N70. A related question: what's the best practice to encrypt the FS of a server and allow unattended reboots? One doesn't want to have to type in a password at each reboot (no unattended reboots and impractical for large number of servers) but the password can't be left attached to the server. So how is it done, if it is done? Thanks. Exactly, that's why the password shouldn't be on the server, but having to type it in every time is inconvenient. Nothing I've been able to think about is secure so I was asking. I also understand that any attacker gaining access to the server while it's running (the usual scenario) gets access to the unencrypted file system so maybe it doesn't make much sense to encrypt servers. Still I'm curious. The novels and short stories of Peter Watts (scifi) http://www.rifters.com/real/shorts.htm I can see 10 posts at once on my 4" phone on the HN home page, only 6 in the app. This is a cons for the app. The number of lines of comments is about the same, but a little more in the browser. As a browser I suggest Opera because it reflows text after the double tap for zooming in (Android, no idea if it's available for iOS and/or it has the same feature there). It's a really nice feature on most sites, much more on HN. Given how good HN is on Opera (I mean it) I don't think I'll use the app, still it looks good. The image previews are a nice idea. Definitely yes, but (example) the rear light of my bicycle insists to be powered by two AA 1.5 V batteries. Two rechargeable ones don't have enough voltage to light it so I need disposable batteries. The front light works with 3 rechargeable ones. We should stop building stuff that needs throw away batteries. Firebug still has a better UI. The dev tools seem coming straight from the 90s (Chrome's ones too) but they feel faster. Advantages and disadvantages in functionality are mixed, but I end up using Firebug almost all the time. Unfortunaly I'm on a tablet now, if I were at the computer I'd give you examples. I wish the teams merge and give us dev tools with a Firebug UI and all the functionalities of the two tools. At the computer now. Here is a comparison of the tools. It's not in depth and limited to what I usually use. Inspector, HTML editing, Net panel: Basically the same. Storage: you can inspect localstorage and IndexedDB with dev tools. You need https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/firestorage-p... for inspecting localstorage with Firebug. No IndexedDB support, but I never used it (localstorage is so much simpler) so I didn't search much. Firebug can delete cookies (maybe that's another extension, can't remember), dev tools can. It could be even, depending on what you use most. Console: dev tools autocompletes functions. Inspection of variables is abot the same but Firebug displays more information without having to browse all the values tree. Firebug's console is multiline which is handy for typing in short scripts. However that means that commands run only with CTRL-Enter. I prefer Firebug. HTML structure: the same but the dev tools bury the DOM tab into a right click menu. I prefer Firebug's UI. CSS editing: the same. Script/Debugger: almost the same but I prefer Firebug because of the way it displays information about the variables (similar to my reasoning about Console). Aesthetics: Chrome and Firefox dev tools looks more primitive than Firebug to me but this is very subjective and I have a theory about it. Web and mobile have been moving to a minimalistic and flat design for the last few years. Having used computers since the 80s that reminds me of some designs of the 80s/early 90s. The flat Windows 8 desktop mode decorations are somewhat similar to the early Windows (check http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2009/03/operating-system-int... ) with obviously everything that more pixels, colors and animations allow. Still I can't feel it a bit deja-vu like some elements of fashion that came back after forty years (example: the brown color - Europe here, USA could be different). Younger folks will say that are Firebug's 3D buttons to look dated and I understand it. But just wait some 20 years and I bet you'll start having that feeling too :-) As I said: very subjective. Summary: that basic functionality is more or less the same and the difference is probably more a matter of UI and habits than of technical merit. There might be some use cases where you need to dig into dev tools' options and enable more functionality. Dev tools win there. "It could be argued that it [(Apple)] doesn’t gather enough, as Google Now, Google on Tap and other holistic offerings have the potential to give users much more lateral movement and ‘delight’ moments on Android specifically due to how much data Google gathers on its users." Many years ago, thinking about the future, I imagined to have a device that would give me more or less what Google Now can give me. What I didn't imagine is that it would be a central server to collect all of that information (about everybody) and send me only a feed. This is very mainframe-like and that was the time we were starting to use Personal Computers (IBM/Apple/any) so you could forgive my naivety. Still I think that's possible to build a Google Now without a server owned by a single central organization and there are things like this https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9204954 to prove it (and also prove how hard it is). So I'm left with not using Google Now and most Google services (no Gmail) because I feel that letting a company access to all those information is creepy and a transitive distrust for every company in similar markets. Recap: what I want is my data only in my hands and clients that query servers and collect the information I need. No clouds thanks, those are good only for encrypted backups. If I want sync and continuity, that should go through a server I control. One of my customers (maybe two of them) use WebEx. They're paying for it but WebEx has a free plan to make a call with up to 3 people. The web client requires Java but a native client was preinstalled into the Samsung tablet I bought 6 months ago. Quality is good. Screen sharing seems to be better than with Skype and Hangout. By the way, I had too many problems with Hangout so I can't recommend it, even if today I had a four people conversation (audio only) and it was perfectly fine. So it's the opposite approach. Thank you, I'll try to remember it. Any plans for other languages and locales? I immediately noticed the temperature in F in the example about the weather in Lima. I think everybody there uses C with the exception of American tourists :-) Seriously, it looks a great product. Maybe it returns even too much data in the JSON. I wonder how to take advantage of all of that if I don't know what people are going to ask. They're going to ask silly questions just for fun even if I have a vertical app (example: a mortgage calculator), because this is not a web form with constrained input fields but a free form input. The numbers I get into the answer could be unrelated to mortgages. Do you have examples of best practices? Maybe just write and speak the answer? Thanks. Maybe answers are spoken a bit too fast but that speed makes the demo more impressive. To be fair, recognizing another spoken language is a much larger effort than localizing a web site. I was curious to know if they have plans to move beyond English, maybe next year or 2017. Plans for an Android app? Trello's one is quite good on a 8" tablet. I can do meetings without a computer. You don't want to type URLs, especially on mobile, but the fact that all the items on the home page of HN are links to web pages and not to screens inside apps should hint to a definitive advantage of the web over apps. And to why having a web site is mandatory and having an app is optional. If the web and apps where in the same competition I'd say the Web can't lose, but I don't believe they compete. They serve different purposes with some overlaps (think Google Docs, the web site and the apps). The recommendation is metric http://www.iata.org/pressroom/pr/Pages/2015-06-09-02.aspx It's 55 x 35 x 20 cm which is rounded down quite a lot to 21.5 x 13.5 x 7.5 inches. That is only 92% of the volume of the metric size. Be sure to get a European bag :-) Ok with your first paragraph and free TV with ads predates the Internet, ok. But free newspapers with ads are a 2000's invention, at least in my part of the world. Newspapers used to be protected by a paywall, currently some hundreds of Euro per year. Problem is: people usually read only one physical newspaper so even one Euro per day would be ok, but they read articles on random websites linked by Google News. Either you micro-pay each article (0.01?) or you won't afford news anymore, unless you read them on only one website again. Maybe that kind of world would be great for aggregators. Think Flipboard. They could buy content from newspapers and resell it with a subscription. That would work for Blogger and Wordpress.com too: pay for access to all the blogs on the site. Maybe this is the first step of an Apple's strategy to become a news/blog aggregator. Damage the competition and take over. Another trade off is speed vs data duplication. http://blog.websudos.com/2014/08/16/a-series-on-cassandra-pa... "Duplication of data is not only possible, but it’s also encouraged and often the only way to model the SQL equivalent." Symbols are used all the time in Ruby (and a bunch of other languages), not as duct tape but as a very core feature of the language. Why should it be different in JavaScript? The most simple way to use them is to replace definitions like this one var north = 1; var south = 2; var east = 3; var west = 4; var direction1 = north; var direction2 = south; direction1 === direction2 ? "ops" : "ok"; The programmer is doing the work of the interprer/compiler here and make sure to pick unique values for all the constants that are going to be compared together. With symbols that becomes var north = new Symbol(); var south = new Symbol(); var east = new Symbol(); var west = new Symbol(); var direction1 = north; var direction2 = south; direction1 === direction2 ? "ops" : "ok"; which is an improvement even if it is (in a traditional JavaScript way) so much more verbose than Ruby's direction1 = :north direction2 = :south direction1 === direction2 ? "ops" : "ok" I just wish they'll add some syntactical sugar to do without that "new Symbol()" thing and create symbols as needed like Ruby does. Unfortunately, from https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/JavaScript/Referen... Symbols and JSON.stringify() Symbol-keyed properties will be completely ignored when using JSON.stringify(): JSON.stringify({[Symbol("foo")]: "foo"}); // '{}' We're going to manually serialize them when they leave the RAM. It was an example of replacing constants with symbols when the value of the constant really doesn't matter. Purposely not fancy stuff. I understand the advantages of enums (among the others, their values are constrained) but does JS have enums? Let's assess the pure mathematical effectiveness of this cap with an example: there are 3 landlords renting for 11, 10 and 9 fictional units (to keep numbers simple). The average is 10. 11 is legal but can't increase, if 9 is lowered 11 isn't legal anymore. I'm sure this is taken into account and they'll revise the limit every few months or years. However a fourth landlord can enter with 11, increasing the average to 41/4. If everybody starts renting at the upper limit the average will move up closer and closer to 11. This means that at the next check they'll be able to rent at 11+10% = 12.1, increasing the price by 10% per cycle (or they change the rule). For the tenant this is better than getting a +40% on renewal. For the landlord not much so. I suspect that if the rent price detaches too much from the sale value of the house landlords will start selling instead of renting. Big real estate companies get a chance to build up a large portfolio of houses when that happens. You can also use NoScript for that. > I don't rely on hundreds of ad-supported websites now. I don't know if I do but I might do. The reason I don't know it is that I use AdBlock but whenever I google something I go to a few well known sites and to hundreds of random blogs. If I had to pay for each of them I'll probably use the Internet very differently. I didn't know about Iridium. I'll give it a try. How do they know that the phone is used by a teenager? I expect that the SIM is on one of the parents but I don't know how that usually works in Korea. I wish they were GIFs. Actually the are .ogv which I can't see on my Android tablet (and probably neither on iOS). I had to go to the computer to see them. To answer you're question: I have no direct experience but check this http://www.apptamin.com/blog/capture-iphone-ipad-screen-vide... Show create table was so awkward to me after years of \d table. I remember I had to google even desc table and show databases :-) Anyway, you might want to check http://pgcli.com/ for a free alternative cli with completion. I started using it over the standard psql and I recommend it to everybody. "UK court". Reading "European court" made me think it was a ruling by an EU level court. That would have a different fallout. I think you guys are using the word monoculture to mean different things but you share a common worry. _frog is worried by a language monoculture, having to develop for a platform in only one language: the platform mandates the language. Other examples: Java for Android, Objective-C for iOS (Swift now). You are worried by a framework monoculture, Rails dominating Ruby. That has no parallel in the JavaScript world. Other examples: iOS development dominating Objective-C and Swift? The common worry is that monocultures harm their environment (JavaScript harming the web and Rails harming Ruby). Given the success of Rails and the JavaScript-based Web one wouldn't say any of those type of monocultures are bad for making money (and look at real monocultures in agriculture and animal farming) but farming teaches that if you don't have enough diversity you are exposed to problems. Being able to program the web in many different languages would be both good (pick the tool you like most) and bad (example: "sorry, I can't take over this webapp because it's written in OCaml and I only do Ruby and Elixir, find somebody who knows OCaml") but not different from what we always did when developing for the desktop and the web server. Both did well. If we're heading there we'll cope with that (customers will stick with the "big" languages, as usual). Water is trapped inside so basically this umbrella is a cup. All the water spread on its surface will be at the bottom of it after half an hour on a bus / metro train. Be careful when you get out and open it. You better turn it upside down and empty it. Apart from that, it seems to be more convenient to open and close in a crowded environment (metro stairs in rush hour) than the traditional design. Ok, I didn't realize that. Thanks. As a fan I want cars that are fast in corners, with high lateral accelerations, and can overtake easily. That has been difficult to achieve because the former usually hinders the latter (KERS and DRS were introduced for that and have been reasonably successful). Finally, remember that (almost) by definition Formula 1 cars must be the quickest racing cars on the planet measured by lap time. The latest rules reduced the aero package and made Formula 1 closer to GP2 and Champ Car. Montreal circuit, from the Wikipedia page: Formula 1 2004 1:12.275 Formula 1 2014 1:14.393 Champ Car 2002 1:18.959 They have an advantage in Austria. The turbocharged engines perform better than the old v10 and v8 because of the altitude. We'll see what they do at Monza, an engine track at sea level (less than 200 m altitude). They've been 4 s slower than the 2004 record last year. Maybe not. http://www.itworld.com/article/2921047/hardware/no-you-wont-... More anecdotal evidence. I have two very old SSD. They are the 4 and 16 GB SSD of the early EEEPC 900 Linux version https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Asus_Eee_PC#Eee_900_series Needless to say, that netbook stays shut down for months but it still works when I turn it on. It survived many summers at 30 C. I don't know which kind of SSD it contains but being from 2008 it shouldn't be anything too fancy. If/when production is free you don't even need to compensate the creators. They can get whatever they want, like any other guy, and they'll create only when they feel like it and not (say) once per year to pay bills and buy stuff. However there are goods that are scarce by definition. Example: that house on the beach you've been dreaming of. Even if you don't mind getting a different one (maybe in a different place) there will be only a finite number of houses on the beach all over the world. So, even in that kind of society we'll need something similar to money to get access to scarce goods. Hopefully that will be linked to the value or the social stand of a person. We almost always measured that as price times the number of sold items but there are zillions of other possible metrics, especially if the price is zero. It could be who has the biggest free gun but that's undesirable, so probably some form of police will be necessary. As web developer and user of web sites I feel your pain but for the small web sites it's a matter of better being safe than sorry. Some countries have pretty hefty fines against sites that send cookies without notice. The real answer is we wait and see but my belief is that with prices falling to zero the greedy kind of person is going to be at a disadvantage. Probably there is a threshold. If there is need of very little money then enough good content will be made available for free because authors will keep creating no matter what and there will be little money to pay them anyway. Then the ones who insist getting more than claps or a legion of followers (that's power) will get less and less. I'd say that competition prompted that change of attitude. LibreOffice is part of it. We've been raised with Word and Excel, then we discovered that LO and GoogleDocs were enough in the vast majority of cases and Windows was not necessary. Microsoft could be late with going were people moved to. Not too late, but they can count they money they didn't get. The answer to that question is "it depends". If the author is the kind of person that sometimes clicks on ads, then blocking content will make a difference to those sites. I never clicked ads before discovering AdBlock, so the fact that I've been using it for years now didn't deprive them from any money. Before anybody asks if I gave a chance to ads-filled web sites recently: my tablet doesn't have AdBlock (I run Opera on it because it so much faster than Firefox) so I see all ads and I still don't click them. Luckily I have AdAway on my rooted phone and it blocks all ads, in browser and in app (it uses the hosts file.) Let's pretend the problem of linking to content inside another app will be solved without using a webview (so: native app to native app). You still can't beat the ease of tapping a link and getting to a new site you never heard about. Having to go through the store first to install a native app you don't have yet will be such a bad experience that could kill mobile content. I can't believe Apple is really willing to head into that direction until they keep selling devices to access mobile content. Furthermore do we really have space for an app for every site out there? Probably Apple really prefers to please its customers with faster load times. Some of them are content producers but they are so many more content consumers. You need a proxy server that removes the meta tag for the app store from the HTML file. I never saw a warning for malware and phishing in the browser. I do receive phishing emails obviously, but they are easy to spot. I read mail with Thunderbird and sometimes I check the source just to see which strange URLs they're using this time :-) If you read mail in the browser maybe disabling those checks is not wise. Agreed. Disabling HTML5 video DRM could be annoying and geolocation is solved by the popup, as you say. I live at 150 km from there, eat that parmesan very often, and didn't know anything about this. Interesting read and thanks to all those workers. I used lint for C some 20 or 25 years ago, then moved to using dynamical languages (Perl, Ruby, JS.) Not much use of static analysis tools for those languages I thought (but for example check https://www.infinum.co/the-capsized-eight/articles/top-8-too... ). I used Java sometimes and took advantage of Netbeans/Eclipse's hints about Java code but I use emacs for everything else (some vim too). I used jslint on a JavaScript project a few months ago. It catched a few things I overlooked, I learned a couple of things (example: it's useless to define a var inside a loop) but it's also very opinionated and insisted that I write code in a way that pleases its author. I had to refactor working code to make most of the warnings go away. I ended up with something that worked as well as the original but was much more complicated to read (at least for me). I stopped using it and regretted making all those changes to the code. There are some configuration switches but nothing that could make it work for me. I should check jshint but unfortunately jslint primed me against that kind of tools. I prefer to catch errors with tests and test coverage tools. They must be used anyway and they bend to me, not the other way around. The thread is from 2004, it should go into the title. I've been using Windows XP until January 2009, then I reformatted my laptop with Ubuntu. One of the first things I noticed was that it instantaneously recognized pen drives without going through all that found new device dance. OS X is also fast at mounting USB drives. I just can't understand the technical reasons that make Windows annoy people with that. Is it still the same with Windows 8? I had no idea and googled this page https://www.mongodb.com/post/45116404296/how-banks-use-mongo... "Tick databases are real-time database servers for capturing, managing, and processing market data." They go into the requirements after that. I've got a Redhat 6.2 CD. I wonder if it installs on some old laptop of mine but don't wait for news anytime soon :-) I think that's a good idea. You can lose all the drive by pulling it out without stopping it first. It happened to me a couple of times. Even if that scan and fix thing was only a way to scare people into ejecting drives, I think it's worth it. You have a point with those dialogs. I didn't use Vista but I remember all the clamour about UAC and how it further trained users to click blindly without understanding what's going on. Setup.exe's next next next could have been the first serial offender of that kind. I'm sorry for that other issue. How does Windows complain exactly? Build it, if there is something to build. Scripting languages usually don't have builds but JS minification and dependencies installation could be a build. Find and read the code paths that perform some recognizable action. Run tests, read them. Add a new feature with tests or pick an open issue and fix it. You're going to have to debug something and that will give you more insight in the inner workings of the code. The audio is flash for me too http://connect.soundcloud.com/soundmanager2/soundmanager2_fl... (Firefox Linux) The funny thing is that the video is mp4 but on Firefox with NoScript it shows the same kind of placeholder as Flash does (when allowing instagram.com but not cdninstagram.com). My first reaction was "wow, Flash?!" And I missed the flash in the audio player. I think this is it. They should change the blueprint of their body and rotate eyes and snorkel by 90°. A pretty major adjustment. This also means we could teach something about swimming to dolphins :-) It shows up also on Firefox 38 Ubuntu 12.04, Adblock Plus 2.6.9.1-signed. Maybe Volt http://voltframework.com/ but I didn't use it and it's hardly mainstream. I did the design of a project that used Angular inside Ionic with Firebase as backend. They integrated well, no particular problem. Just be careful not to keep websockets open unless those you really need. Close the others. They'll keep the CPU busy and bleed the battery. The only major problem was with Firebase itself, when we had to start duplicating data because it's a tree and it doesn't have joins. But it would be unfair to complain because it's like that by design and we knew what was expecting us. Is there any service like Firebase but with joins? Maybe that they'll have to meet in person many people that are reading these news now and be asked about it. Many embarrassing conversations will follow. Or that an Internet native should not do this. I think many of us have been looking for an available domain for a site and found all of them registered years before and parked since then. The normal way to proceed is look for another name and try again. Mehta is doing it wrong. However I don't like the general idea of squatting, also on domains. I'd be happy if there was an easy way to prevent it. Somebody suggested incremental renewal fees for unused domains, but how to tell if a domain is unused? It won't be difficult to automate some "working" site for parked domains (think of those blogs that are populated with content automatically scraped from real sites.) Other ideas? That's a legitimate use and that's another reason for it is difficult to detect if a domain is used. Wonderful narrative but an awful show on a phone. The images keep disappearing when I scroll. I can see them sometimes, then they are replaced by a block of solid color. Some images never come back, some do. I dare to say that most Ruby code is written in Rails projects and we almost always know were a method is defined, because of conventions (models, views, lib, concerns). It's when the developer is too smart that we get into troubles. The only project where I needed ctags in the last years was a php zend application that I had to get familiar with to be able to design its v2. So it might be another issue with Rails' influence over Ruby: not many chances to move beyond the fence (me too.) I don't understand why KS created that badge if it's self appointed and doesn't mean that the staff actually endorsed the project somehow. It looks like customer deception now, both from projects and KS. OPA in Italian is IPO in English (actually not only Initial, any of them). Definitely a good omen for startups :-) I can't comment on the game because I won't have time to test it on my computer today (a summer Sunday is a little peculiar) but I recommend providing a tablet interface: the map at the top and buttons below it. There is plenty of space for them (pun intended). Check that they are arranged well in both 4:3 and 16:9 screens. My first reaction was that Read it Later is paying Mozilla for that tight integration but it's not true. Check this https://www.reddit.com/r/firefox/comments/38aorv/psa_mozilla... "this has absolutely nothing to do with money. We're shipping Pocket because we love their product, and so do our users. Pocket is, by very far, the most popular reading-list add-on used with Firefox." Apparently they went too far: it's the most popular extension of that kind among people that care about reading lists (hardly the majority I think) and it's being hated by everybody that don't tolerate imposed choices. No good can come for Firefox and Pocket from this. If I were Pocket I'd ask Mozilla to unbundle the code into an extension as soon as possible because this is starting to be a PR backslash. I'd use Sync with my own server but Firefox on Android is not good enough (rendering is too slow, font inflation sub par, etc) so I don't have anything to sync with. I'm using Opera on my phone and my tablet. Opera doesn't sync with personal sync servers so I'm not syncing between them too. Vulnerabilities increase and usage decreases. I wonder if an economically sensible decision should be to EOL Flash soon. Are they still doing any money out of it? 1. Yes. 2. If one is the kind of person that thinks that the answer to 1 is no then probably the answer to 2 is no too (sorry if this sounds harsh). 3. Probably an effort proportional to the competitive advantage it gives to you. I answer to myself because I just read this http://www.theverge.com/2015/7/13/8948459/adobe-flash-insecu... from Facebook's CSO. "It is time for Adobe to announce the end-of-life date for Flash and to ask the browsers to set killbits on the same day. — Alex Stamos (@alexstamos) July 12, 2015" Bug: enter a VISA number (example: the 4111 1111 1111 1111 test number), enter an expiration date, enter a 4 digit security code. An error appears: "enter a 3 or 4 digit security code". I entered 4 digits so the message is inappropriate. Probably it should be "enter a 3 digit security code", assuming that all VISA cards have 3 digit codes. I went there with Firefox without ublock and saw my public and local addresses (docker0, eth0 and virbr0 - VirtualBox). I installed Disable WebRTC https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/happy-bonobo-... and all the addresses disappeared. NoScript mitigates the problem because WebRTC won't work with scripts blocked but I'll still have to disable the plugin to make it work on legitimate sites. It's annoying and I'd prefer a browser permission popup along the lines of what has been suggested in other posts here. I'm not familiar with both OpenStack and Python so I might be totally missing the point but JavaScript has a similar problem with DOM attributes and CSS rules. It accesses them either as strings or as camel cased object properties. Example with jQuery el.css({"background-color": "red"}) el.css({backgroundColor: "red"}) Can Python do the same? I bought a Zbook 15 last year (the G2 is the 2015 model) and I'm pretty happy with it. I replaced Windows with Ubuntu, had some issues with shutdown/suspend and Usb 3 but I eventually fixed them. Nice to know it's got more Linux friendly this year. I confirm. I had a machine similar to that one up to 18 month ago. It was fast enough to develop web applications (Rails, JavaScript). The only problem was the RAM limit at 4 GB. I replaced it with a ZBook 15 with 16 GB RAM. It's faster, so doing the same kind of work becomes more convenient, but the main advantage is not to have to close some programs to start another one. That's particularly handy when working with virtual machines or multiple browsers. Using Capybara alone one gets most of the stuff they had to implement (page, with, retries, ...) but I'll look into those gems you suggest. Maybe the Scala ecosystem is still immature on the side of integration testing. They could implement them in Ruby if they are familiar with the language. I don't feel OK about using two languages but at least it could enforce strict separation between integration testing and the application. Ruby's Capybara encapsulates Selenium and waits until elements appear on the page (the default timeout is 2 seconds). So you can write simple sequential code like click_link('bar') expect(page).to have_content('baz') and it will work even if the baz element is injected into the page by an Ajax request to the server triggered by clicking on bar. I've been using it for many years but I didn't check how they implement it. Maybe a callback from a MutationObserver? https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MutationObs... Documentation at https://github.com/jnicklas/capybara#asynchronous-javascript... What I read is that it's faster for long running applications (example: web apps) because the JIT can optimize the code. It should be slower for anything else, example: tests (very unfortunately). I don't know what the edit-reload-check workflow could be with JRuby and how well it can integrate with editors (few Rubyist use IDEs, http://www.sitepoint.com/ides-rubyists-use/ ). Anyway, I'm doing a bundle install with jruby on a Rails project right now. Let's see if it completes and passes the tests. I've been doing some progresses but there are a few (almost) show stoppers. One is that startup is really slow. rails c takes 25 second to give a prompt vs 10 on with Ruby 2.2.2 and almost 0 after spring has started. It's not something that a developer likes to work with. Second one: still immature. The PostgreSQL adapter warns NOTE: ActiveRecord 4.2 is not (yet) fully supported by AR-JDBC, please help us finish 4.2 support - check http://bit.ly/jruby-42 for starters Not something I want in production. Third one, now I'm stuck with the JDBC adapter not connecting to my developement PostgreSQL over a unix domain socket. Maybe it can't (perhaps JDBC does only TCP/IP) and I have to reconfigure PostgreSQL to accept connection to 127.0.0.1:5432. That means any other application I'm working with won't work anymore and I should reconfigure them. Summing up all together I'm not particularly eager to keep testing JRuby. Maybe somebody will solve those problems. I'll give another try to it next July. JRUBY_OPTS="--dev" lowered the startup time to 12 second, basically on par with MRI. Thanks! I googled you suggestion and I found https://github.com/jruby/jruby/wiki/Improving-startup-time I'll try a few suggestions that look like doing with spring does (Theine and Drip). My other problems are with JDBC but if database drivers don't support Ruby's largest use case (Rails with ActiveRecord) probably JRuby will be negatively impacted. This is about the "ActiveRecord 4.2 is not (yet) fully supported by AR-JDBC". The other one (unix domain socket) is a minor issue but any small nuisance loses developers along the way. I've been using it for months, it's definitely an improvement over psql. I recommend it to everybody. I realized that PostgreSQL can listen to both the Unix domain socket and a TCP address so I've been able to run the tests. I'm stuck now with the integration tests failing because they can't run the Selenium Chrome webdriver. I opened an issue. I also have some failed tests on a model, still didn't looked at them. I won't convert this app to Sequel only to check that it works with JRuby. Neither I'll write the next one with Sequel. If JRuby doesn't handle AR it's over for me. It's JRuby that must be compatible with MRI (the reference implementation of the language), not the other way around. That until the majority of rubyists use JRuby as default. It's too risky. I understand your feelings but legally speaking the only abuse of that kind would be taking GPLed software, modifying it, distributing it and not sharing it back. If the software has been licensed with BSD or similar licenses that don't require to share modifications, then the original developers are perfectly fine with not seeing anything coming out from those corporations. Their choice, no abuses. Why not sales to travelers? Is there no extra productive capacity or is it because the not for profit statement? Great demo. Out of curiosity, why not compiling the C algorithm with emcc into asm.js and probably get better performances (but a much larger js file) ? Apparently Froome lost some of his doping as Quintana completed yesterday's final ascent 30 second faster than him (sarcasm directed to Sallet). Still some fans were angry with Froome and were visibly happy to see him lose ground. People should be innocent until proved guilty also on a bike and tv pundits should be cautious about what they say. I never download the app. I get to the site either following a link (example: from HN) or from Google. The site is a commodity I might never come back again to. I only need that article. Which sites hosts it is not important. Why should I lose time installing an app (with who knows which permissions) I might never use again? And if I come back to the site for another article the browser is good enough. What's the rationale for those kind of apps? It's hard to test a page that uses a font you don't have access to and you can't virtualize OS X on other OSes. Web pages shouldn't be pixel perfect (there is PDF for that) still sometimes you have to fit text into fixed width areas and you want to see what happens. I also use a separate browser to log into Google for those customers that use Google Docs. Email is in Thunderbird with my own accounts, but I have a gmail account for YouTube and Gdocs (and Android, Analytics, ). I'll be happy to be able to have the option to separate the accounts of all Google properties as if they were from different companies. I don't need to share data among them and I don't log into them anyway unless I really need to do something (example: tell gmail to forward me invitations to share documents). Not the most common setup, that's sure. > If you want to be blocked from downloading malware? Guess what? You have to check with a central db first. Or it could download the db and do the checks locally. There wouldn't be privacy concerns about MS knowing which sites one's browsing. But Ruby 1.8 is EOL. I also got some customers running Rails 3.0 with 1.8.7. I told them they have to rely on good luck not to be hacked and they also made the financial decision not to upgrade so they are running an unsupported language version on maybe an unsupported OS (can't remember which OS they're using). Some analysis of SGX: https://www.virusbtn.com/virusbulletin/archive/2014/01/vb201... The Devise gem does that for free. I remember me coding it in my first Rails application so many years ago and I'm not keen to go back to it: it feels like wasted time. Phoenix didn't have it one year ago and it's sad to learn that it doesn't have it yet. Somebody will write it sooner or later because it's almost core functionality of a registration and authentication system. I've been using a proportional font since the beginning of the year. It took one week to adjust (things look weird for a few days). I tried the Input font time ago and didn't like the way it looked, but maybe I have to fiddle with its settings and find a way to make it look nicer. I'm using DejaVu Sans inside emacs now. The only shortcomings with the font are that l (lowercase el) and I (uppercase I) to be indistinguishable, but it's rare that they cause trouble. Uppercase o and zero are distinguishable (zero is narrower), but maybe a marker inside the zero would be handy. Not sure about that. Context usually is enough to make them apart. Overall a page of code formatted proportionally is much nicer to look at than a monospaced one, so I'm not going back. It would be nice for editors to support alignment with proportional fonts inside lines (see http://nickgravgaard.com/elastic-tabstops/ ). Maybe this is not going to play with Python and similar languages but automatic transformation of spaces into tabs and vice versa has been around for years and we have more CPU cycles than we need now. They released this tool a couple of years ago https://stripe.com/blog/announcing-mosql In the post they wrote "Here at Stripe, we use a number of different database technologies for both internal- and external-facing services. Over time, we've found ourselves with growing amounts of data in MongoDB that we would like to be able to analyze using SQL. [...] MoSQL does an initial import of your MongoDB collections into a PostgreSQL database, and then continues running, applying any changes to the MongoDB server in near-real-time to the PostgreSQL mirror". So they could have been run that migration on MongoDB. They are French so they bill in Euro. Btw, does anybody has news about that data center intercept bill passed in France in May? http://techcrunch.com/2015/05/05/france-is-one-step-closer-t... All "normal" stairs, windows, roofs, tables, chairs look the same. There are good reasons for stable architectural patterns. There are good reasons for web design patterns too. Go back to the 90's and early 00's. There were so many different styles. A few won and became the ancestors of today's styles. Many more lost and got extinct. Sure, there are other styles that nobody thought about that are better than what we have today. They'll get created from time to time, copied and refined. I usually pay to wrap my luggage with plastic, see www.cnbc.com/2014/04/02/travelers-pay-to-protect-luggage-with-plastic-wrap.html I do it more to protect the suitcase than its content. I think it defeats the purpose of a TSA lock. Is it still allowed in the USA? Use /dev/urandom instead of /dev/random See http://www.2uo.de/myths-about-urandom/ for the reasons Your fingerprints are already on the phone, they don't need to ask. After getting access to the phone owner accounts and data they can use other investigation methods to get proofs that can be used in a trial. Tl;dr, fingerprints are a password replacement only against people that can't read them. The How does it work section of their website doesn't explain how it works and the FAQs are empty. How did you get enough information about their technology? The only difference I see between Medium and any newspaper site is the number of editors. They say that 300,000 people published on Medium, a newspaper has a much smaller number of writers. I know that such a scale could change many things but I get to Medium by a search on Google, links on HN,FB and similar services, exactly the same way I get to a random newspaper article or blog page. Content has been unbundled and Medium is not special in that regard. Am I missing something? I was there on vacation one month ago and I have no trouble believing this article. The number of tourists paying European level entry fees to museums, parks and attractions is just too big (incredibly long lines everywhere, very few people from outside China). By comparison food is about 3 times as cheap as in western Europe and goods are as cheap as one expects from China. Still, and I know this is not the point of the article, they are too many to live well, no matter how rich they become. Life there is a sequence of long lines. Three weeks there have reset my baseline for many things. When I came back home (Milan, Italy) I was surprised by how silent and desert it is and by how much sky I could see. Hardly the feelings one usually has when getting here. I was about to comment that it is so slow to be unusable (seconds before tiles appear after zooming in) but apparently it's not the same for everybody. Or HN or some other site are slashdotting the tile server rigth now? The most straightforward designs of roundabouts don't have a good safety record for cyclists. This post gives some hints based on the Dutch experience http://www.aviewfromthecyclepath.com/2014/05/the-best-rounda... I pasted this URL from Wikipedia https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2a/FloorGob... and got {"error":{"locale":["can't be blank"]},"url":"//d1spq65clhrg1f.cloudfront.net/uploads/tmp/1443856576-19861-9975/FloorGoban.JPG"} Apple and to some extent Microsoft impose the look and feel of the apps on their platforms (desktop and mobile) but nobody has control of the web. It's just too large and decentralized. Best practices are all we have but not everybody knows them. Just check the number of pages with a light background and text of a color too light to be read comfortably, or that you can't pinch to zoom on a tablet and you need a lens to read. Edit: check this http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3129953/ about reiventing the wheel, a horizontal scrollbar to flip pages instead of the plain vertical scrollbar of the browser. Your image is 404. The text on the site is not black but it's 90% OK on my tablet (8" and about 2500x1600 px). Black text would probably be better. There is also a lot of useless ( ) margin on the left but I can punch to zoom and make the text fill all the screen. No issues with font color at that size. ( ) Useless because I want to read the text comfortably on the tablet. The screen of my computer is larger and I probably won't mind that margin there. Almost. I believe that half of the people that approach Phoenix coming from Rails stop when they realize there isn't any registration and authentication framework as good as Devise. The closest match is Addict but it covers only the basics and requires too much work. If one has to write his own product that could be OK. If one has to code for a customer it erodes the profit. I understand your point but from a quick glance to the code it's C#, not the easiest language to port to other OSes. It's open source but it's going to be a Windows only program for the time being (I'll be happy to be proved wrong). I worked in a project that had to implement an ebook like ui like that. Not trivial. Why did that have to it in that site is a mystery. There are client side password managers. Example: keepass/keepassx. I did play outside in that kind of environment because mid-rise houses had internal courtyards big enough to accommodate all the kids. Parents were ok to see us playing there, they were not ok to see us on the street with cars and people passing by. "This film is not currently playing on MUBI but 30 other great films are. See what's NOW SHOWING" Why? That was for a movie that I could pay to watch but they don't let me watch it. I wonder how they could be in business. Still they are so it's probably a sensible choice that I fail to understand. Thanks for answering. So the movie I wanted to see is currently available in another country or has been available in mine but not now. The UI could be tweaked to explain that and not (negatively) surprise customers but it seems that you already know that. Probably you have plans to improve it. Your approach is similar to TV, a list of programs to choose from but not the full catalog. Given these terms I'm not sure I'll ever be a customer but this business model seems to be serving you well so I can hardly criticize it. My take: the Grand Tour ending into Italy, the Roman ruins and the resulting cult of ancient stuff as time delivered them to us. That's why it's anathema in the western world to even think about restoring the Colosseum to its original form (I'd love to hear its architect about it) or painting the Greek statues with their original colors http://io9.com/5616498/ultraviolet-light-reveals-how-ancient... Paywalled article, can't read it. I remember the December 2014 France plan of limiting or outright banning diesel cars. http://www.autoblog.com/2014/12/01/france-moves-to-ban-diese... https://www.carthrottle.com/post/no-diesel-cars-in-paris-by-... This car makers reaction in June looks funny now https://europe.autonews.com/article/20150626/ANE/150629983/a... Non paywalled article at http://recode.net/2015/10/09/twitter-is-planning-company-wid... They used to send me messages about that yearly few but they always ended up extending my membership for free every few months. Then they stopped asking. WhatsApp is de facto free. Or open your dev tools and set .no-js .single .main_content #no_js_blocker to display:none; and remove the max-height:400px from .no-js .single .main_content That's all is needed to read the article. What the JavaScript is for? Who knows. Many measurements == little change? It sounds vaguely familiar of overloaded computing systems. Maybe we'll run timing attacks on whatever the quantum world is. This computes the exact distances of Earth to any planet in the solar system apt-get install aa https://packages.debian.org/source/sid/astronomical-almanac 10 days deserved vs 25 years undeserved? It's a joke. He should serve at least 25 years too. I've been on vacation in China this summer and a tourist guide told me that they can have as many children as they want, but 1) they have to pay some sort of one time fee for the second and successive children (maybe 10,000 Yuan? can't remember) and 2) school, healthcare, etc are to be paid in full for those children. Basically if you're not reasonably wealthy you can afford only one child. Yes, the 10k limit kills it. After that you can still search old messages and find them but you lose the context because you see only a few lines around them. Either your FOSS project has a budget to pay Slack or you're bound to lose any valuable knowledge and decision buried in the archive. If you don't care losing the chat history after 10,000 messages, then Slack is free. 10k seems a big limit but it's only a few days away if you start integrating bots for GitHub, Bitbucket, Frontify etc. On a project a customer of mine disabled all those integrations because we couldn't go more than one week back into the past. Thery were not willing to pay Slack and we were losing track of decisions and accountability. When that happened we started writing down more things into Google Docs and the conversation shifted naturally from Slack to the comments of the docs. That had the (IMHO positive) side effect of reducing the time spent chatting about the project and of increasing the time spent to actually build stuff. Duplicate of https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10488886 Am I the only one who doesn't like those links to the NYTimes requiring registration or social login? Here's the news from another source http://www.startrek.com/article/new-star-trek-series-premier... (courtesy of the other thread) > At some point early last year, the standard knock against Twitter—which had long ceased to be “I don’t want to know what someone’s eating for lunch”—became “I don’t want everyone to see what I have to say.” That's always been the point with Twitter for me. There are very few things that I want to discuss in front of potentially every person in the world. I wonder why it took so long for people to realize it. Writing this here is not the same as writing on Twitter, different size. I'm an Italian living in Italy. AFAIK the article is correct about the history of languages here. I never heard about capicola. I googled for it and discovered that it's called capocollo here, a word I heard but can't identify. It's more commonly known as coppa which is what I've been calling it all my life. It's good :-) Coppa is a cup (the one you win at competitions) but it's also used with other words to denote something being above something else (southern Italy usage and I'm from the north). And that's probably how it relates to capocollo, which is a part of the animal around the neck. You can glimpse the Italian Wikipedia page about it https://it.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coppa_(salume) Bypass of the NY login: original text from https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=es&sl=en&tl=es&u=h... I always do it both to preserve battery and for privacy (and I never turned on location services) but a customer of mine, in the business of counting people entering and leaving stores, told me that about 60 to 80% of people has WiFi turned on all the time. That was a surprise. I would have taken a zero off those figures if I were to guess. Or when you leave your country. I didn't know about the CTE optimization fence. I was starting to use CTEs but I'll have to work around them. Thank you. It's very interesting. I looked at the video and I'll try to download and make it run. I played a little with share.js time ago so I have great expectations. I see that you support basic authentication and oauth is marked as experimental. Authentication is not the core of your project but it's very important if you want that people downloads and use your software for something real, collaborating over the internet instead of playing with it locally. Many countries have some sort of photo id's, think of driving licenses. What's odd here is that they have to wear it in plain sight and use it all the time. A company badge is a credential valid only within the company, this is valid across the country for all kind of purposes. I won't feel comfortable using my passport to open doors. It's disproportionate to the importance of the credential. There are years I don't use my passport at all. Please don't post urls that require logins. Post this instead https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=it&sl=en&tl=it&u=h... Google Translate, paste URL, from English to a random language then click the button for the original version. I think that Google got the permission system right with its Docs. The documents I work with are almost only technical documentation or meeting minutes on projects from customers, 95% text a few spreadsheets. I give editing permissions to the people I work with, view permission with the people I don't want to edit the document. It's not fine grained but I never needed more than that since I started using Docs in 2008. On those projects we have designers who share their designs on Frontify or Invision. We only have the permission to view and comment. Even in this case is not fine grained, it's on the whole page. I think this covers the 99% of business cases and possibly more, furthermore page wide permissions are something people is familiar with (least surprise principle) and a degenerate case of fine grained ones. The bridge in Bilbao is a nice solution, more practical because it doesn't require to travel to the top of a building and down from the other one. Furthermore it looks prettier, but this is subjective. However you can't use it when boats are crossing so maybe this is the reason for the design they are using in Copenhagen: unrestricted access. I agree to most of the points of the post but this > It does not need a traditional TV tuner, cable or antenna connector or any other remnants of a previous era in TV technology. They drive up the cost, increase the complexity and bulk up the form factor, while serving no modern purpose. It’s time to throw them out. Even the USA still has free to air TV channels. They are the norm everywhere else. I'm watching news right now on a TV through the antenna connector and the built in DVTB decoder. That's what marks the difference between a TV and a monitor to me. Edit: spelling. The optimization fence in PostgreSQL is usually bad for SELECTs but it has it's own benefits. See this thread http://www.postgresql.org/message-id/201209191305.44674.db@k... It's open source by any means but it works against their backend. They say that it also works with Google Calendar but I didn't understand if it completely bypasses Timekit in that case. Did anybody implemented a server API compatible with Calendar? I'll try to use it as I'm working on projects with many API calls but for sure I'll alias it to something shorter, maybe "api". Good idea. It would be useful to integrate it with the routing definitions of popular frameworks. Example: generate the definition file from Rails' routes.rb I skimmed through the paper. It's packed with formulas and technical details. I can't judge if it's a relevant contribution to the subject but... the title. Do they need that to be noticed? Just imagine "Embarrassingly Fast Electromagnetic Waves but not any Faster" instead of "On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies" (Zur Elektrodynamik bewegter Körper) http://.ca/wiki/Zur_Elektrodynamik_bewegter_Körper Thank you and my upvote. It smelled of clickbait but it wasn't. Apologies to the authors. Out of curiosity, why do your company need racks of mac minis? Even making sure that a program keeps compiling can be a big effort. Target platforms keep moving, toolchain changes, libraries die and must be replaced, it's not trivial. I hope they find a way to manage all of that because I don't want to use web mail and I don't know of other equivalent clients on Linux. No Linux, nothing to see here for me. In part because text formatted into many shorter lines is easier to read. The longer the line and the more space you need between lines. This is basic typography [1]. But that doesn't account for the white space on the top. I don't get that in my Firefox but I checked with Chromium and I see it. It's the advertising/social buttons banner. Once again adblockers win the day. [1] http://www.fonts.com/content/learning/fontology/level-2/text... This is somewhat mitigated by the buffer cache. The random writes are stored in RAM and hit the disk later on, possibly when it would have been idle. On a developer laptop there is usually no difference. I remember I run some benchmarks with a pretty large test suite of a Rails application: POSTGRESQL in a ramdisk vs spinning disk: no difference in performance because the data never left the buffer cache. With substantial amount of data you hit the disk and solid state memory wins. I'm sure that it persists them to disk but the test suite keeps running at the same speed, so it must happen when it's less inconvenient. Buying enough RAM to cache there all the DB is a common recommendation even if it can need some careful configuration http://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/18484/tuning-postgres... You can use that to replace code by monkey patching $ cat hi.rb def method puts "hi" end method load("hello.rb") method $ cat hello.rb def method puts "hello" end $ ruby hi.rb hi hello You must engineer your application to execute the load method and that's it. However I wonder if this is really equivalent to what Erlang does. I remember http://rvirding.blogspot.it/2008/01/virdings-first-rule-of-p... I don't think you can count on the file system to actually persist data on disk when you call flush(). Example http://rhaas.blogspot.it/2014/03/linuxs-fsync-woes-are-getti...