It wasn't always like this in Europe. Extended vacation time was one of the many hard-fought rights won by the socialist/trade-unionist movements of the past century throughout the continent. Not even Thatcher dared attacking that right (she dropped a few national holidays here and there, instead). Things didn't turn out quite the same on the other side of the pond, sadly, and this is the result. Well, in Britain the regime is usually fairly generous, with 24 days + 8 national holidays (guaranteed to be working days) being the norm for middle-class jobs and IT. We already know about France. Italy, last I checked, had an average of 20 days + 13 national holidays, with teachers being famous for their 3-months summer break (which in practice is little more than a month, but anyway). Yes, there is always pressure about choosing the right time for the business or public service, but at the end of the day it's a right and if you don't exercise it you're entitled to a lot of extra money -- which is why employers are keen on people actually taking time off. I'm quite interested in the concept, but it looks like your site has been "hackernewsed". The same scheme has been run in Manchester (England) at the Victoria Station car park for as long as I can remember. Luckily my Italian accent and angry face is enough to keep thugs at bay, but I bet they're tolerated by local police as long as they don't threaten the locals too much. In order to fight the scam, ticket machines now print your plate number on the ticket itself, so if you buy one from the thugs, you are risking a fine. The fact people keep doing it shows very clearly how parking charges in central Manchester are unrealistically high. Porn has also been somewhat instrumental in affirming individual freedom and occasionally pushing the boundaries of civil rights. Similarly, illegal p2p helped shaping a debate on the limits of current copyright legislation (which is far from over). Not all innovation is technical. Around Greater Manchester, reg-tracking ticket machines are still the exception. It might have something to do with costs -- i bet they break more easily (they need input buttons) and cost more upfront. Or it might be that local authorities here are still somewhat sympathetic to the little guy... It's supposed to be Old Labour territory after all. Nokia's doom was the deal with Intel, brokered by OPK, which basically dropped Maemo for Moblin and set their plans back two years. Without that, they would have produced at least three Maemo models by now, with big chances of one being a strong competitor. Elop is now trying to make the best of a losing position, but he's too predictable and "corporate" to succeed in the smartphone market. He should have kept silent on the MS deal until he had a working WP7 model, then make the announcement -- give the press a story about a new wonderful gizmo, so that they won't talk about failure and layoffs. As it is now, by the time "Microkia" devices hit the market, share prices will be so low that any Gordon Gekko under the sun will be ready for a takeover. It would take Nokia two years to steer back on MeeGo, two years they can't afford; it's not going to happen. Look how long it's taking them to get a Windows Phone model out, after steering in January and committing all resources they still have... It's a shame, without the useless Intel deal this phone could probably have hit the market last summer and could actually have had a real shot at changing things. Now it's dead in the water. After wasting my time for months on the N900, I'm not going to touch again a dead platform. You don't know Nokia's SOP very much, do you ? :) Their production processes are all about cranking out slightly-different versions of the same hardware/software combinations, as fast as possible, and market them as "new". Post-release upgrades are basically non-existent, even when bugs and problems are huge -- this was made very clear by the N97, but careful observers knew it from well before then. This phone won't have variations, the platform is commercially dead, so they'll just push it out of the door and forget about it. Add to this that the Maemo/Meego line has historically been seen as "experimental" (i.e. by the time a device shipped, development had long moved on and backward-compatibility had been broken), even more so now that WP7 is the name of the game for Nokia, and you can see how little they'll care for this phone once they have your cash. Nokia has had problems with NORTH-AMERICAN carriers. Everywhere else, they get along with carriers much better than, say, Apple, and this was one of the reasons for their demise. One of Jobs' great moves was to explicitly stick two fingers up at carriers and sell something CUSTOMERS wanted; Nokia was so busy making telcos happy, they started thinking customers are just a stupid herd who can be made to buy any sort of crap. Yeah but the product teams have long moved on by now. Because there are so many Qt-based apps for Symbian already, right? Oh, wait... Part of what ? They've already announced Qt won't run on WP7. They've basically offloaded everything-but-developers to Digia [1]; and I bet Digia will have a big say in what the remaining Qt developers in Nokia will get to work on. Qt might be part of their low-end strategy on S40, for big-numbers / low-profit emerging markets. Considering how iPhones are now immensely popular even in places like Cuba and how low-cost Android devices are getting ready to hit those markets, I bet that strategy will soon need revising as well... [1] http://www.engadget.com/2011/03/07/nokia-sells-qt-licensing-... Indeed there is a disconnect between the Google+ "streams" and the old-school Buzz, which does know how to interface to Twitter. That's probably one of the worst problems with the service (which is still technically in "trial mode", for what it's worth). My mother doesn't know what a mailing list and couldn't manage one to save her life, but she's quite active on Facebook. Email is the command line, social networks are Windows. I've suggested a similar feature through their Feedback link, although the other way around: G+ should detect your contacts' default languages (via GMail, for example), and then automatically create circles for different languages (you could amend them manually where you have bilingual people). When you post, G+ should then detect the language (Translate can do that!) and suggest the right circle. To work properly though, you'd also need an "intersect" feature, so that you could share something with "people in English-speaking circle AND people in Friends circle". Edit: in any case, considering their experience with Orkut (which was overrun by Brazilians and Indians using their own idioms), I bet Google is already working on language filters of some sort. It's been used by googlers for more than a year already, so that's probably why the number is so high. As the proud parent of a very chatty daughter of two, I wonder: what would be an equivalent sort of project for girls? At the moment she likes Duplo/Lego because it's one of the few areas where we connect over the gender divide, but her other roleplay and games are all about caring and she's very empathic with other children (worrying when they cry etc). I do wonder whether pointing her towards hackerdom would really be the right thing to do. Not nitpicking here: your social value does not disappear, your social status does. Smart employers will recognise your potential, and probably try to exploit your situation; don't let them get away with it, as long as your language skills are good your value to any business is intact. I say this as an economic migrant who went through a few years of "adjustment". Talk to the local embassy of the country you want to move to. In Europe, most countries give US citizens preferential treatment; chances are that they'll easily allow you to stay, but you might have to renew the visa every year or every X years, at least until you apply for citizenship / marry a local. You can work in English in any Scandinavian country, in Germany, in India, in South-Africa. You'd almost certainly struggle in Italy, France or Spain. Their remit also covers fighting the trade of counterfeited goods. There are a lot of Italian luxury items being counterfeited around the world every day (Armani, Prada etc), so the GdF was given a lot of power and money to fight knockoff traders. Then the local RIAA-equivalents managed to equate unauthorized copies of digital content as "counterfeited goods", hence involving the GdF on policing the internet -- previously a task left to the Postal Police (the separate body policing communications in Italy -- yes, it's weird how we have so many different corps, no wonder real criminals are never caught). The GdF is powerful, much more than the average Police corps, and they really don't understand the internet. Nobody can reign them in, at the moment -- some members of government are currently under investigation for corrupting GdF elements to (guess what) favour PM Berlusconi's businesses. Yeah, Italy is fucked up, that's why I don't live there anymore. Not that things are getting much better in the UK... Arch Linux is the most "vanilla" distribution you'll ever find -- their philosophy is that the machines should download original packages directly from upstream and customize them as little as possible. I know quite a few KDE devs work on Arch. Btw, for the same reasons, installing Arch is not as easy as Ubuntu or SuSE; you'll have to dig in quite a few config files. This sort of perception is what makes one think that train services in other countries are always better than in your own backyard. The truth is that, in Europe, the average level of railway service is more or less the same everywhere these days; the exception is recent high-speed technology, which is only available in a handful of countries ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-speed_rail_in_Europe ). This is how pg interpreted it. I wouldn't be surprised if the real reaction was more about _disgust_ rather than fear: I personally do like the functional programming and everything-is-a-symbol paradigms of Lisp, I just hate THOSE DAMN PARENTHESES and would probably try hard to avoid using Lisp at my workplace. Some people have the same reaction when confronted with whitespace/indentation in Python, doesn't mean they're afraid to learn it. Wikipedia says 19,000. I believe most of them will be safe, probably even in Sales, considering how the two companies hardly overlap at all. (unless Larry is really thinking to grab the patents and then chuck everything else to some Taiwanese company) Well, except for android, they can probably keep Motorola separate (as they said), wait for patent wars to stop/calm down, and then resell it. No real integration effort would be required. Could it be that your CDN and caching will refresh on Friday? I wouldn't be so sure. A lot of child-genius types end up regretting their youth and feeling like failures for the rest of their (long) lives; the risks of peaking too soon are well documented. I hope he stays humble and does what he really wants to do, which might be in a completely unrelated field, with the same intensity he's shown in this endeavour. Actually the "technology" behind wisdom teeth is quite smart. How many organisms feature resources timed to "spring" 20 or 30 years from birth, to replace lost "components"? You experience them as painful because your teeth don't rot as they used to; until the XX century, it was common for people to lose many of their teeth by the age of 30, so they were grateful for an extra set. They'd probably be dead before 45 anyway, so just a few would suffice to chew your way through the last years of your life. This is because Google Plus is so slick, it makes you forget that it's been online for less than two months. You're comparing the ecosystem of sites launched more than FIVE YEARS AGO with a brand new project. The minute they release the damn API (we're all clamouring for it, but how long did it take for FB to have an API?), every developer and his dog will scramble to support it anyway. The reports I've seensay they had a live datalink (I guess one-way only) which lasted nine minutes. They said they're happy with the data anyway, even though they don't know where it crashed (technically they don't even know it crashed, only that it stopped sending data), so they're clearly not relying on a black-box. More red tape, exactly what businesses need! Even multinationals don't enjoy having to spend extra resources to keep track of such arbitrary requirements. Will they need to register only the IP of their VPN gateways, or also the client IPs? Will they need to specify the type of software they use? What are the chances that they'll also be asked for certificates, so that spooks can snoop anyway? If I have a website running on servers in Jamaica, selling paper planes, and I use SSL because it's the right thing to do, will Pakistani customers be able to buy anything from me? Obviously I haven't registered with the Pakistani government, chances are that I don't even know what Pakistan is! This is unbelievable. (On the other hand, it's a wet dream for the likes of RIAA...) Yes he would. Queen was one of the most "commercial" bands ever, constantly rehashing their music to sound like the mainstream-of-the-day and selling out to the highest bidder. They knew that being a pop band is just an act, and what matters is how many records and tickets you sell. Freddie was quite happy to get money to be a showman, and would probably laugh at modern "indie" sensibilities like you wouldn't believe. Hell, they happily sold "We are the Champions" to any sport organization willing to pony up some cash. Tell that to Walt Disney -- last I checked, he built his fortune by "plagiarizing" out-of-copyright stories. And what about all those movies based on Wells, Verne, Conan-Doyle, Christie, Austen? One of the most successful songs ever, in economic terms, is "Whiter Shade of Pale" by Procol Harum: a blatant riff on two compositions by Bach. The likes of Rolling Stones and Eric Clapton would have gone nowhere without the ability to ransack the humongous catalogue of blues classics -- if the original black musicians and composers had enjoyed modern copyright terms, you wouldn't have had any of that. Same for Bob Dylan and folk songs. All art is derivative, originality is a myth. Sorry, am I reading correctly? Peldi should subsidize you starting your own business? That seems unfair to me :) Aside from the clear moral judgement you're making here, which doesn't belong in any salary policy, the problem with your argument is that chances are that you made that choice while maintaining a "urban" salary... i.e. you are fundamentally exploiting a loophole in "classic" remuneration systems thanks to telecommuting, and you're now complaining that those systems might be catching up. "If anything this sets up a reverse incentive to live in NYC like a college student and pocket the difference." It's a choice; everyone makes lifestyle choices, like you say, as an employer there's nothing you can do about that. Peldi's policy gives you a chance to make enough money to live comfortably wherever you want to live; I think that's quite a perk, for most people. If your lifestyle choices completely trump your professional interest in joining the company, you'd probably not be a good match anyway. Besides, the policy is weighted by bonuses, and sounds more like the starting point for a conversation rather than a straight-jacket. Knowing the man a little -- we went to the same highschool, although he already was a celebrity and I wasn't ;) -- I'm quite confident he'd do his damnedest to find a satisfying and realistic agreement for anyone interested in joining. I'm amazed at some of the replies here. "He'd pay a better-than-average base salary -- THAT'S NOT ENOUGH!" Guess what? Outside the Valley bubble, more often than not it IS quite enough. It could also benefit from better copy. "Everything from a timeline's colour scheme and date range to its background image and intro text can be changed in the Settings tab." -- a wall of badly-punctuated text, really unappealing. Kudos for the app though, it does look nice. More auto-importing and some iPhone action please :) I've lost my breath trying to read it... would use a comma or two. It's also completely useless and out of context -- that's a help box, not a sales pitch. They were accepted by European sport federations a long time ago, usually because Middle-Eastern federations refused to accept them either on ideological or security reasons. It's usually not a big deal, they're crap at everything except basketball, as far as I know. Yeah, to me this looks like a way to isolate the profit-making but old-school DVD business from the disruptive but fragile streaming platform. Studios are squeezing streaming providers for royalties at the moment, and sooner or later either the small players will fold, or streaming will fully replace dvds; by splitting services, Reed is trying to maximize its chances of maintaining at least one solid business. Still, the right thing to do would be to maintain technical integration between the two, maybe spinning off the analytics / suggestions as a third company providing services to both for a nominal fee. When your adversary is successfully framing the debate in radical and irrational terms ("You wouldn't steal a car, so you shouldn't steal a movie"), the only answer is to escalate your own radical rhetoric until a fair compromise can be reached; you create an incentive for your adversary to not be completely obliterated if/when you'll achieve total victory. If you start by admitting that your adversary has a point, there is no incentive for him to come to a compromise: he's shaping your reality, so you'll never win. At the moment we need a lot of rebalancing in terms of online rights and copyright, so the likes of PP can only be welcome. (Besides, making the Bond franchise a feature-long advert "much more than they do already" is pretty much impossible!) Usually long enough to vest any shares they've might been granted by the acquisition deal, not a minute longer (and often, even a lot less). That's usually between 6 months and two years. Yeah, because Facebook is SO private, and completely devoid of impostors and stalkers. Honestly, if this is the worst that anti-googlers can come up with, well... it isn't much. I can't help but think of bitrot. You spend an afternoon "scrapbooking" in real life, and you get something that your grand-grandsons might, one day, inherit and read in awe. You spend an afternoon scrapbooking on FB, and in ten years FB goes bust or whatever (Geocities, anyone?), and you've got nothing. I guess the real test will be my wife -- she loves scrapbooking. (this, and the first time I went through the presentation my brain was screaming MYSPACE really, really loud.) "FB as a utility" can happen only if they maintain their humongous userbase. Nobody signs up to FB "because I'll have a single-sign-on identity to use somewhere else"; they sign up to interact with their friends/family/peers, play silly games and post pictures of their cats. Zuckerberg has to constantly throw them a bone to keep them sweet while he goes spreading "Like" buttons and SSO apis through the web. The way he's managed to eat Google's lunch for five years, by coming to the SSO problem from a completely opposite trajectory, is impressive and quite cunning in its own way. I do believe however that in the long run G+ will probably do to them what IE did to Netscape. It's quite ironic how he says "Our VPN service and VPN services in general are not designed to be used to commit illegal activity", and then "there are many other legitimate uses such as the ability to unblock GEO-restricted websites." Hello, why do you think most of those sites are geo-restricted? Because of copyright laws . Circumventing those blocks in most cases means you're breaking those laws -- at the very minimum, you're breaking contractual obligations that you and the service are supposed to obey under penalty, and at worst you're committing fraud by claiming you come from a different country. By caving to the court order without a fight, HMA's owner opened the gates to every copyright troll under the sun to come knocking for logs, court order in hand. I'm the first to admit I've used HMA's webproxy to get around some stupid company firewall; I knew perfectly well I was breaking company policy and could have been sanctioned. I clearly relied on HMA not to spill the beans. It's called HIDE MY ASS, for g*d's sake. Nice to see I was wrong. A privacy service lives or dies on its reputation, and HMA's reputation is now gone forever. If it can be proved, above reasonable doubt, that you're using that IP on purpose, with the only aim to bypass such geographical restrictions on content distribution against the will of content owners... well, it'll be a tough day in court. Note that I'm not saying that IP == actual physical person or GeoIP == actual physical location. A lawyer would have to prove that you were using that computer, with that specific IP, on that date-time, and you were accessing that content in full knowledge of the fact that only US-based consumers were allowed to do that... Which is very difficult, but not impossible. Laws are always interpreted , at the end of the day. I'm sorry, you're sorely mistaken. I've worked at Oracle (been acquired) and i've seen numbers. Licensing is not the main source of profits, support is; they might sell it differently, but that's where they make the real dough. The margins are astonishing. And look at the numbers they just posted about Europe: +50%. At these levels, that's huge. I'd be happy to PAY for new screensavers or any other way to have custom screensavers without going through the pain of jailbreaking -- i have one of the recent versions which are difficult to root. I actually tried last year, opened a company and moonlighted for a few weeks. In the end I simply couldn't muster enough energy and money (I'm married and have a 2-year old daughter, with a baby boy coming up in a few weeks), so effort waned and I never launched. Then I found a more interesting and demanding job, and simply closed everything down. I still have a few domains left (xpenses.mobi and .net among others, if anyone is interested). TL,DR: startup + other job + family = didn't work for me. My experience taught me that moonlighting is hard. If you are really convinced it's gonna work, try taking vacation or sabbatical leave for a month or so (if you can) and work full time, ship the damn thing, advertise the hell out of it, and start counting the money / since your life doesn't depend on it, you need some gratification to keep going. Not many True Scotsmen around here either, dang. Their software has not "always" been lacking. T9 for example was a wonderful innovation, and looked magical at the time. They were destroying the competition back in the 90s thanks to great UI work on very limited devices. They've lost the plot when they started to ignore the limitations of Symbian, probably because they had invested so much on it very early in the game and so it had gained almost 100% mindshare among their engineers. Then the iPhone came out and the leadership lacked courage to tell engineers that Linux was the future and they should all retrain RIGHT FUCKING NOW; instead there was a lot of internal politicking, keeping Maemo at bay and trying to put lipstick on the Symbian-UI pig. Some of those layoffs are deserved, in a way, since resistance to change was coming from below as much as from above. Shame that it took an idiotic leader making the worst possible choices to make people see the error of their ways. I think people in social sciences tend to ignore the most obvious factor: military power. A successful campaign needs rapid coordinated efforts, which are best delivered by hierarchical models. And if you suck at war, chances are that your civilization won't stick around for very long. One could argue that his corporate culture (cough-handlers-cough) is really American (cough-Microsoft-cough). Autonomy is a public company, hence most of that data is probably already public -- I'm not an expert but at a glance I couldn't spot any particularly juicy "private" detail. These decks look mostly stock, good for any "introduction to my company" type of presentation... except for the very last slide, which shows a list of company valuations at various "Premium" share prices, i.e. clearly geared towards potential buyers. I don't know why Ellison and Hurd are shooting this out right now, especially considering how their "Great Satan" Apotheker has already been fired. I wonder if they're trying to undermine Mike Lynch for some specific reason (like forcing Whitman to rethink HP's "enterprise software" move, which is a direct threat to Oracle, by dropping Autonomy), they're just doing it for fun (Apotheker is a long-standing enemy in Larry's eyes, first at SAP and then at HP, and he's been humiliated in any possible way), or they simply won't tolerate being called liars (which is hard to believe, considering the sort of sharks they are). There's only so much that you can do to persuade people NOT to upgrade, especially in developing markets like India or South Africa where Nokia is traditionally strong. The rise of the middle-class in those areas will inevitably reduce demand for Nokia "smartphones" (by which they mean Symbian phones, hardly smart but whatever), squeezing their already-low margins on that sector. They would have to be constantly chasing new "poor" markets, which is hard; and they'd further tarnish the brand in traditional markets. I'm sure they can survive even by just following the current strategy to the bitter end (i.e. becoming Microsoft's bitc-- er, preferred partner). What they cannot do is to grow or even just to stay relevant. Do you really think Larry cares about what some uppity yankee hipster thinks about his company? These days, a lot (most?) of Oracle software is built in India, Eastern Europe, etc. Developers in those countries don't care about this sort of things, they care about the cold hard cash Oracle have in their coffers, which they get by selling products over geeks' heads (i.e. to their bosses' boss). Wage inflation in developing countries is much more of a problem for Larry than "boardroom etiquette". What about this? (not a joke) A) ridicule HP into dropping Autonomy bid B) because of A, the stock price of Autonomy crashes C) Oracle buys Autonomy D) Mike Lynch gets fired Being good at developing new stuff == being good at copying new stuff and quickly delivering to mainstream markets. See also: Apple, Inc; Microsoft, Inc; etc etc etc. [ I'm sure in Larry's eyes "uppity yankee hipsters" and "uppity brit hipsters" are equivalent ;) ] I don't think they have a reputation for being awkward with their own customers/partners/etc; they're unashamedly merciless with competitors, and this is well known. In the enterprise sector the two categories often overlap, but then again in those circles being a shark is actually considered a good thing anyway. At the moment their target is squarely HP, like SAP before them, and this is what it means. It's actually mildly amusing, if you've followed the whole saga with Apotheker living on a plane etc. I'm sure Neolithic tribes liked a good quarrel as much as anyone, and the models do scale down. My group of brutes has a charismatic, fairly specialized leader with good tactical skills and huge biceps; he imparts clear, undisputed commands on the battlefield and knows how to plan a nightly raid on your women. Your group of brutes is a bunch of equal individualists, with no real specialization and where each brute does his own thing, resulting in endless diatribes about "why should we defend your cave and let my cave get raided?". Maybe you have an outstanding hunter, but he can't leverage the others as easily and effectively as my uber-leader... until the tribe is so beaten down and numbers are dwindling so much that they cave in to the hierarchical model and let Best Hunter be the boss. I'm generalizing here, but there's so much we don't know about those times... Support is where Oracle makes the real money, so they're very aggressive there, but I think you're referring to the TomorrowNow case. They were bought by SAP to basically snatch Oracle customers, and "it looks like that TomorrowNow was probably cheating like mad. Instead of going to Oracle's support site and downloading only the patches and bug fixes its customers were entitled to, it downloaded all the Oracle software it could get its hands on. Oracle says TomorrowNow had a whole bank of servers skimming its computers automatically for Oracle software." (see http://www.computerworlduk.com/in-depth/it-business/3246680/... ) The "enterprise" world is full of sharks, Oracle is just one of many. Cool concept and nifty execution. It is still only pseudo-anonymous, because you need a personal URL for the repo-file. Open-source it, add some basic federation, and you have what Diaspora should have been from the start. your analogy is apt: in your opinion, a poor person will never be able to afford a Ferrari or a Porsche, so they shouldn't be able to afford top-class education either. Ferrari will never be interested in "competing for the low income section of the market"; they'll happily keep making exclusive and expensive cars, reserved to top dogs, popes and the like. The "voucher" sort of scheme will inevitably result in the State giving everyone enough money to buy a Nissan Micra, with rich parents "topping-up" to get a Mercedes, Porsche or Ferrari. Which is not much different from what you get now, just a bit worse. The key element of yakuza is that it's organized and somewhat predictable. It's violent and illegal, yes, but it's also very formalized and fairly static. Whereas in Western countries criminal cartels are wildly unpredictable, and more often than not involve innocent parties in their squabbles, Yakuza families are very conservative, in a very Eastern way, and value stability above many other things. Inevitably, in large metropolis, you'll have things like red-light districts. These places will be full of people who don't particularly value the rule of law, which means they're going to be hotbed of instability. Policemen have little incentive to risk their neck for prostitutes and various scumbags. In comes the yakuza, and order is guaranteed; nobody will make trouble, and if they do, yakuza will dispatch of them quickly and reliably. Police are happy, less work for them. They also provide easy cash, something hard to come by in a very conservative society where banks often lend money depending on your surname rather than your cashflow. They like finance as much as anybody else. In a society that (in most cases) still values tradition and stability above everything else, yakuza provides these elements to the inevitable "dark underbelly"; as long as they cover that role, rulers are not particularly interested in going after them for a bit of unpaid taxes. Nowadays it's fashionable for mainstream media to bash them because they all need scapegoats for a long-running financial crisis that has no clear culprit (apart from the usual "generalized greed" and "implicit flaws in the capitalist model", but nobody wants to really address those two, of course). maybe just adding a basic feed aggregator, so that you can easily see your friends' updates, pulling in their disqus comment threads (I have no idea whether this is feasible, i've never implemented disqus). This is quite ironic, considering that Mozart made most of his (relatively little) money by touring and composing for wealthy patrons. Somebody else made much more money out of him: sheet printers, who also ended up being the real force behind original legislation on copyright. Plus ça change... If you look at the history of smartphone development, you'll find a better analogy. You see, back in the '00s, it used to be common knowledge that "nobody pays for third-party smartphone apps". It was scientifically proved over and over again, on platforms like Symbian and Palm, by research after research. You see, back then getting hold of a mobile app was relatively hard; you had to go hunting for it online, find it in some sort of online directory, pay tens or hundreds to the directory (which was also trying to sell you some other crap like proprietary downloaders etc or spamming you or generally treating you -- and developers! --- like shit). The market was tiny and tech-savvy, and resented having to pay so much for small add-ons, often of dubious quality. Then came the Apple AppStore, and lo, all of a sudden people were paying for apps! Why? Because the ease of purchase and lower prices dramatically enlarged the market to people who simply couldn't be bothered to jailbreak and pirate just to save a few quid, or wanted to support authors. The pirate market didn't disappear, but mobile developers flourished nonetheless. Now replace apps for music, and good streaming services for the AppStore, and I think you can see where things are going: consumers wants a simple and immediate buying experience where they don't feel like they're being ripped off by third parties (even though he still is, by Apple) and with low prices. Give them that, and they're quite happy to pay; try to force them into digital slavery, and they'll resort to the black market. Now, guess what the music industry tried to do for the last 15 years. Look around you. Entertainment cartels are pushing draconian legislation across the world, making copyright infringement a criminal felony, with harsher penalties than manslaughter; they are threatening to disconnect people from the internet, which in many cases would compromise their livelihood; they are pushing DRM into software and hardware, so that you don't own your device, they do; they support Chinese-style firewalls to blacklist "pirate" websites. All this regardless of whether I actually want to buy their crappy products. If that's not digital slavery... He wasn't relying on copyright laws, which is what the parent poster was implicitly talking up with his statement; i.e. a world without copyright laws did in fact produce a Mozart, and it will keep producing it regardless of legislation. 90% of musicians make music nobody even heard of . Face it, we're not born with a burning desire to buy Metallica albums. You grow up listening to radio or watching tv, getting exposed to certain types of music (typically between 2 and 6 minutes, most on 4/4, with accompanying lyrics sung by one or two artists) and that's the music you'll end up wanting "that bad" -- pure coincidence? Artists who succeed following traditional models (who, incidentally, are the most supportive of draconian copyright laws) are the ones who marketed themselves more heavily and got more access to traditional media: they went on TV, did interviews and concerts, paid for airplay... -- without any of that, they wouldn't be "popular". To do this, they had to borrow a lot of money from their label, and often will see very little financial reward. So why they should not have to go out and sell you a t-shirt, instead of borrowing from a label to buy (increasingly more irrelevant) airplay? What's the big deal ? I don't "take" anything from anyone; I copy my Bieber, and you still have it. People who care about Bieber are still supporting him financially; people who don't, they wouldn't have bothered anyway. Since production and distribution costs have basically disappeared, supply is now virtually unlimited; economic theory tells us that the market price is now zero. Harsh reality, but that's the truth. Any law implemented to alter this state of things is simply trying to make the water flow upwards. (besides, you cannot "steal" digital content, it's just a bunch of bits; I flip mine to look like yours, and I have a copy. Which is why SaaS is so popular, of course: what is sold is now the actual service, rather than a bunch of bits.) Exactly. Android is similar to the traditional PC market, so for non-critical software SaaS or advertising are more profitable than shrinkwrap -- unless you stumble on the Android equivalent of MS Office (i.e. something so critical that people will just consider it a natural cost of doing business). Music can also provide "online updates or other interactions": think fanclubs, exclusive gigs etc. Say that, when you buy a M.I.A. song, you also get access to an exclusive website/forum for a month, where M.I.A. is going to blog or discuss with fans -- there you go, SaaS. The artist is not forced to do more than she used to, she's just reallocating time from "dealing with the increasingly irrelevant mainstream press" to "dealing with online fans". The malware point is about quality. You might get the same quality from pirates, but then again you might get malware or simply a crappy rip. If you "buy legit", you are guaranteed good quality: high bitrate / lossless formats, no clicks etc. The more I think about it, the more I see the two markets are fundamentally identical... which makes the music industry look even more stupid: with all their might and cash, they seem unable to be as profitable as some kid in California with a couple of computers. No, what I'm saying is that we're not compensating them for being great musicians , we're compensating their corporate sponsors for being great producers and marketeers . So I'd rather compensate them for being great t-shirt sellers , it doesn't really make any difference and it will probably guarantee them more cash. And how exactly is this different from any other trade out there? Plumbers are not born as such, they invest money and time to become skilled professionals; but when they fix your boiler, they don't ask for royalties every time you turn the boiler on, do they? They perform a service, you pay for the service, and everyone's happy. For example, there is no reason why the entire process shouldn't be monetized. A lot of people would pay good money to see those recording sessions, turning a risky long-term investment into immediate profit; the musician would sell a service, like any tradesman. But no, an "artist" should be able to struggle a couple of years, then watch the money flow in for the rest of his life (plus 70, exactly like a plumber's son... not). Why, it sounds a lot like rent-seeking, that most laudable of economic forces; should we really promote it with such draconian laws? Btw, to go back about your point about good music being scarce: music that fits the mainstream canon developed by a certain industry in the last 50 years is indeed scarce, probably because it was developed around a model based on scarce distribution resources -- so you over-design one item and make it as marketable as possible to a wide demographic, because your distribution costs are high so you want to make them as repeatable as possible (i.e. you want to make one album and sell a million copies, not ten albums selling a hundred thousand, because you have to modify the physical production line for each album and re-do the whole marketing push through centrally-broadcasted mass-media). In a world where such limitations are gone, music tastes will develop in different ways. The over-produced album has already been done with -- people buy single items now. Over-production of those single items will probably change as well, as people want faster and faster "updates". Changes in broadcasting are fragmenting tastes, making it very difficult to appeal to everyone, so the "waterfall model" of music production is producing increasingly diminishing returns. The industry will have to move to different models, like quick iterations (you write a song while you tour, and modify it depending on public reaction). What's so "wrong", so unbearable about all that ? The fact that the Rolling Stones might get a reduced pension? Yeah, they really should be rewarded for ransacking the blues tradition... The difference is that the plumber fixes hundreds of sinks, the artist fixes one and then extracts rent from users. "Last I checked, no artists are selling MP3s to consumers on a per stream royalty basis. " Still, every time the record is aired in public (bars etc), royalties are paid. And even when selling to consumers, they'll sell a vinyl disk, then a cassette, then a cd, then an .mp3, then a .wtf... and every time, it's the same damn recording, and if you try doing the format shifting yourself, they'd like nothing more than throwing you in jail. And let's be honest: most record companies and artists ALREADY make more money from merchandise than they make on recordings, the same way comic book publishers make more money from toys than from actual comic books. This myth of the starving artist being robbed of revenue by downloaders is just that, a myth. Now, where's that cassette that killed music back in the 80s... So be it, new deals will be struck and new forms of sponsorship will emerge. No, you are twisting the analogy, but that's irrelevant. The problem here is that a "product business" in the online world is hardly sustainable, because enforcing artificial scarcity of your product is basically impossible. Which is why the entire software industry is quickly shifting to SaaS models and consulting as fast as they can. The music business should do the same and stop whining. I wonder how much of this applies to Europe. Interest rates are extremely low at the moment, and will likely remain so for a year or two. Thanks to these low rates, banks spent two years hoarding cash, and are now starting to lend it back to businesses and consumers. The currency market is undervaluing GBP and Euro, which will help exports and global services based here. From a purely monetary point of view, the next 12 months will be great for businesses in UK... and possibly in the Eurozone as well, if the Greek bomb is somehow defused (or something else diverts media attention from it for a few months). Well, all things in economy are cyclical, so sooner or later this will really happen. This said, people like Sequoia have agendas, so they might be just trying to hurry up people on the fence in order to drum up some business for them. I bet Cthulhu's rates are dead high ;) Maybe you should try again in a few months...? In the UK things are looking better now, but then again, in last 3 years they were much worse than in the Eurozone. You're fishing for a discussion that will never end :) Let's flip it the other way: which economic elements or actors DON'T go through cycles, in your opinion ? I'm genuinely curious. The admin page is completely unprotected, you don't even get a notice about the system being private. They can't sue him, they wouldn't have a leg to stand on. To me it looks like somebody left a "DEBUG = True" somewhere on the site and went to the beach :) VPN providers must be making a nice buck from French users as we speak. EDIT: and of course, the well-connected network-bulldog agencies tasked by the French Government with "policing" must have pocketed quite a bit of change as well. Absolutely, see the recent HideMyAss fiasco. At the same time though, they cannot shut down VPNs nor really monitor them too much -- that would create problems for businesses, and lose votes. Also, even acting at the EU level would leave out "rogue" states; I'm sure lots of ex-soviet states would love nothing better than kickstarting a specialized IT sector. We'll eventually get the internet equivalent of XIX century "free trade ports" around China. Sounds like they were trying to avoid liability. If you know person X has had his account hijacked, and you do nothing, you're probably liable under some law or another. If you don't know the exact identities involved, you can feign ignorance and probably get away with it. Sorry, I'm a cinic, but I bet most people would "regret" such an opportunity with hindsight... M: "I'm pregnant." F: "I'm getting the hell out of Dodge!" M: "I have it on authority that this baby is gonna be a multi-billionaire." F: "Well, I guess I might stick around after all." Maybe because doing the same wrappers over and over again, as short as they might be, is boring? Moral questions aside, I wonder if forcing entire ethnic groups to "perform for the country" in order to earn social status is really that bad. A lot of countries have done it across the centuries (Rome, France, UK, Arabs... and more recently US and USSR); they were usually successful in "extracting value" from those groups in the short term, while in the long term fostering a sense of belonging to a non-discriminatory ideal of citizenship. Even in this case, the Soviets might have discriminated generations of Jews, but then they produced a Perelman. Productivity and long hours are inversely proportional, in my book. At Oracle UK I used to get up to 42 days, of which 10 could roll over to the following year. We were periodically overworked and under-compensated anyway (which is why I left). Our US colleagues hated were really envious. "C is a poster child for why it’s essential to keep those people who know a thing can’t be done from bothering the people who are doing it." Being a "can't be done" person is easy, being a "I'll do it" person is hard... but it's so much more fun and liberating. True story. Such things do exist, but they are so energy-intensive (water has to evaporate) that they're only used in extreme emergencies. Plus, doing it on a large scale would have effects on things we don't fully understand yet (sea levels etc). The problem with the multiple-vs-unique-ID debate is that people tend to ignore what these systems are really built for: data mining, behavioural analysis, targeted advertising etc. Users will agree with moot that separate identities are better and safer, but this is not how the real FB/Google customers see it; advertisers and marketeers want to know that user-A is an engineer AND loves cooking AND has a pet AND goes on 4chan.org/tv, not just one OR the others. That's why FB/Google try so hard to reconcile all your activities under one ID: to better represent the unique intersection of interests that will be resold to marketeers. Any feature they implement to "manage your faceted identity" will only give you an illusion of separation, and will inevitably link all your activities anyway, because that's necessary for their business model. Note that this is not a rant (I use FB and G+ every day), I just think this point tends to be overlooked when talking about "social" websites, almost like it was not polite to point out where these businesses make their money. If it's worth a few billions to Facebook, it's worth a few billions to Google. The way moot promoted "the Twitter way", I find it hard to believe. Twitter's multiple-disjointed-throwaway-identities model is completely useless to advertisers, and as such it will never be adopted by commercial websites on the same scale as the G+/FB model (unless you prescribe it by law). Unfortunately, "financial incentives" are the basis for any business. Are you arguing that Google and Facebook should be run as charities, or by the State? Or should they simply shut down their social networks and tracking, including Like buttons etc? I'm not criticizing, i'd like to know the alternatives. The problem is that data-mining for advertising purposes seems to be the only working business model to sustain a general-purpose social network at the moment. Until we come up with something better, we'll have to pony up our behavioural data if we want to enjoy this sort of activity. Heise.de only "fixed" generalized tracking, not the single-sign-on/unique-ID problem, which is the real root of the issue: as soon as a website, or Disqus, let you log on with your FB/G+ identity, you're back to square one. we all know somebody who posted the "wrong" thing on Facebook at least once... Most diseases on the same scale as malaria were effectively wiped out by vaccination, because social pressure to get rid of them was tremendously high. The same would probably apply with malaria: vaccination programs would be so immediate and massive to give it very little chance of mutating quick enough to maintain the current (massive) level of infection. Even a reduction of 70 or 80% would make an incredible difference. The only real problem will be price. GSK will want a lot of money, and most malaria-affected countries are poor. Chances are that the "developed world" will have to step in and sponsor vaccination programs to the tune of billions, making (mostly African and South-Asian) countries even more dependent on them that they are now. Some of them had just managed to get rid of old debts, and now they'll have to make new ones. I expect the debate on pharmaceutical patents will flare up again. But it'll all be worth it. I pay you money to perform a service, you take the money then you tell me you won't do that service for 6 months. If it had happened to me, I'd be quite angry. This is what Paypal is doing. I understand their overall procedure to avoid abuse, absolutely; but Diaspora is a somewhat famous project, an absolutely legit operation. You can say what you want on their deliverables, but it doesn't matter: PayPal got a nice cut out of donations to a public and very well-documented project, then turned around and said they'll keep it all for an extra 6 months. That's not cool. It got extremely good reviews on engadget, of all places, so it can't be bad. The iTunes Store came with the original iPod, and it was an integral part of Apple's strategy. You probably meant the App Store, which wasn't on the very first iPhone and was, in fact, a bit of a lucky strike. Jobs didn't want anyone installing anything on the phone (classic Apple control-freakery at its finest), so he insisted for months after launch that extensibility would come exclusively from sandboxed web-applications. Eventually they did release a SDK and establish a process to publish apps, but only after encountering overwhelming demand. Last I checked, KDE 4 already supports SVG pretty much everywhere, making it work with high-resolution screens without problems (in theory). I dropped out not once, not twice, but three times from three different courses; I now make more money than most of my high-school peers, and this only because I WAS DAMN LUCKY to end up in a fairly obscure niche of a very small but lucrative market. I'll always regret not getting that damn degree, because now I simply couldn't get back "on the rails" if I wanted to: my CV will be dropped by 99.9% of standard employers, no matter how well I might be performing at my current job. My sons (now 2 and 0) will get a university education, may that be the last thing I do. At the same time, I know people who saw through their undergraduate course in 7 years (not uncommon, in Italy, for hard-science degrees) and that also was not good -- some of them are now damaged in psychological terms, clinically depressed and underemployed. That should not happen. Upvoting because, as a parent of one (well, two in a few weeks), I find it very hypocritical when people really don't want to admit that that 49% is a INCREDIBLY HUGE PAIN IN THE A$$. Apart from being exceptional time-sinks, children can be infuriating "just because". It's not that you have to explain everything (that's expected), it's that you have to do it 15 times, and you know they got it after the very first one but still refuse to do what necessary "just because" -- because they want to see your reaction, or because they want to exercise their power on you, or because they don't really want to go see Grandpa Smelly, or because they feel kinda lazy, or because there's a lovely shiny thing somewhere, or because... by the end of the argument, they probably can't even remember. And obviously they'll try to crush your laptop under the heaviest object, or crawl on you when you're typing The-Most-Important-Email-Ever, and by the time they're 10 they'r probably going to send porn links to your entire addressbook just because it's funny. Etc etc etc. Obviously I love my daughter and I'll love her brother, but if it was for my brain alone, that 51-49 split would be more like a 10-90 no-contest one-party landslide. I think he meant the feeling you get is different: the first time, it's all wonderful and unexpected and This Baby Will Be President. By the time Jr-Jr comes along, expectations will be more... subdued. From what I understand, they make more sense wherever Chrome is used as the main OS GUI ("chromeos" or whatever), basically being yet another app store. I subscribe to the view that music hinders concentration more than it favours it. Your brain is forced to multitask, which is inherently more difficult than concentrating on one line of thought. However, I have seen it working in a pavlovian way, signaling to the brain that "it's time to work". This can be useful when conditioning people who struggle to concentrate for long periods. I agree. I'm lucky enough to work in silent surroundings. It's still a widespread constituency that the cartel has to listen to -- they are in many ways their paying customers, and if all their paying customers run to competing cartels, they have a problem. I'm sure they will be reminded of this every time they "collect"; in very soft tones of course, but still. I don't know why they just didn't try to automatically convert the Readers categories of users into G+ circles, plus a button "not on G+? click here and join". Google -1 on this one. (and yeah, the new grey-on-grey style is really bad and depressing.) damn, I fell for it again: joined, didn't particularly like it, decided to delete my account... and there is no way to do it. Sigh. You guys keep doing this, and sooner or later some EU commissioner with half a brain will crack down on the practice, and then we'll all be poorer. No surprise there, it's just a legacy from typewriters after all. These days, unless you're doing data-entry or a lot of SQL, caps-lock is just wasting (a lot of) prime keyboard real estate -- on the home row, no less! Tim O'Reilly makes a good point here: https://plus.google.com/107033731246200681024/posts/aZSZCsAc... : "It isn't really Vim's 20th birthday. It's a lot closer to its 35th!" Because of course, vim is really just an extended and improved version of the venerable vi, the first screen-oriented editor for Unix. While the article starts out with a history of vi, it somehow treats it as if it were a grandparent, rather than the template for what remains. The core design of vim reflects the design insights of Bill Joy, not those of Bram Moolenaar, who refined and updated them." yeah, but for various (historical) reasons people like to DO IT ALL IN UPPERCASE TO DISTINGUISH LANGUAGE SYNTAX FROM "actual data". As usual, computer science is an embarrassment for the computer. Comparing to current Euro rates (which I know), they look about right at today prices. That's another scandal. Swedish prosecutors never issue international arrest warrants to question random Joe Sixpacks, certainly not for very dubious accusations like these. It's a shame that such a civilized country is being dragged through the mud by politically-motivated scumbags. And the Apollo program was hardly a poster-child for capitalism: federal government-run program, very centralized and partly militarized, very wasteful and expensive, at a time when marginal rates of taxation where above 70%. Let's be honest: massive technological pushes that do not deal with production efficiency have nothing to do with capitalism or even democracy. "If these were physical books", there would be a material loss involved: Publisher A paid to produce X books, the distributor lost part of them, and now the Publisher cannot sell them anymore, suffering a direct and quantifiable economic loss. Here, it's more like the distributor left their books around in a library, and some people got to read them for free. The publisher can still sell them. There is no direct loss, the damage is hardly quantifiable (it might actually turn out to be a net positive in the end, given all this free publicity). The digital world is funny like that. EDIT: this is not to say that Amazon shouldn't be held accountable for their mistake, if there is a breach of contract involved; just that it doesn't matter whether there were 6000 downloads or 60. Content piracy is unauthorized distribution. Amazon here was authorized to distribute the material; they are in trouble if and only if the authorization was somehow revoked when the price reached zero. My point that there was no real loss is tangential to the actual case. No, it's like people read the book, went home, and wrote it down again. The original book is now back in the shop and the publisher is free to sell it. How can you "lose" a sale that you don't know you'd get? I bet 6000 downloads for an unknown writer of zombie-pulp wouldn't have happened without the £0 price tag. We can argue about it all day, but the fact is that there is no direct loss, and if there is an indirect one, it's still very, very hard to quantify. No, my point was simply that analogies between real and digital world are flawed and shouldn't be used. > Too bad about artists who make incredibly wonderful CDs but have no stage presence. I guess they don't deserve to be artists then. Too bad about those companies who make incredibly beautiful buggy-whips, but have no other income, I guess they don't deserve to be buggy-whip makers then! Either we embrace the capitalism-fuelled race to productivity enhancement or we don't, but I fail to see why a minority of the population is entitled to lifetime (and even posthumous) subsidies because they refuse to show themselves in public, while the remaining 90% is not. > I don't care about the profits of obsolete middle men. I care about someone who's good at music, acting, writing Then how can you defend a system that was written by and for these obsolete middle-men? A system that sees the overwhelming majority of arts-related profits going to middlemen, while artists starve ? For each billion dollars in the entertainment industry, only a few millions go to a few selected, market-friendly artists, and that's obscene. That's part of the reason why they actually don't pay any of it. Tax evasion is widespread and in the open; the government periodically reacts with amnesties, which is the catholic thing to do, right? All is forgiven, let's try again! But what are you going to do, knowing there is going to be an amnesty sooner or later? You just don't pay, of course. So the State is not getting enough money, and they have to create a new tax to cover the shortfall, which will increase the official rate but that's ok, because almost nobody is paying it anyway, not even your main politician for 17 years, and he's fucking rich. This makes the real tax rate between 5 and 20%, depending on the specific amnesty you're going to enjoy, how much you feel like paying, and how good is your accountant. Italian university is... complicated. There are areas of excellence -- medicine, architecture, even engineering (!) -- but a lot of undergraduate courses are expected to run for more than 5 years, and that's a very long time for non-STEM stuff. The average length is much lower in other countries, and the format much more flexible. And I say this as a serial drop-out who now lives abroad. It really depends which part of the country we're talking about. Some cities (Milan, Rome, Bologna, anywhere in Tuscany) are incredibly expensive. I wonder if "operational miscues in EMEA" means "no marketing whatsoever". This is the first time I hear about GoogleTV, and I live in the UK. If you launch something as mainstream as this, you better have a marketing campaign to go with it. 90% of music videos on youtube are unauthorized, i.e. piracy. You've basically described talent shows (x-factor etc). I do use adblock, but i meant things like roadside advertising. I saw plenty of those when they pushed Chrome, none for revue. I don't watch much tv, but my friends do and they never mentioned it. The business logic is "the hard part" only in terms of client communication and project management, and then only barely. Yeah, but it's the part that most customers actually want . They pay for that, not for javascript widgets. A lot of customers are incredibly happy with basic, predictable interfaces, as long as they perform all the necessary "magic" calculations in the background, quickly and reliably. So many developers waste their time chasing "the shiny", but most of the money is actually elsewhere. And it was quite successful, the law was basically mothballed. The idea that if someone works hard on something, they ought to have some commercial control over it is sound. Doesn't pass my personal "plumber test": the plumber works hard on plumbing an office, should he have commercial control on those tubes for 14+ years? To fix it we would have to invent a device that can scan something the plumber has done and then recreate it on demand. It's called China, and that's why prices for units of work in most industries have been falling, in real terms, for the last 30 years. An author's unit of work is the same unit of work as a plumber's; the difference is that, in the author's case, the client is not the real client: the work is commissioned by a reseller (the editor), and the reseller wants to enjoy all the advantages of cultural work (low costs, infinite duplication) without any of the downsides. Whenever they find a downside, they force a law to remove it artificially. Maybe it's time people start taking local TLD seriously then, redirecting from .com/.net/.org to safer places. They all sound so '90s anyway. Too easy to dismiss and ignore -- after all, it's just a glorified list of links, on a dark background that feels more like something belonging to the browser bar rather than to the actual website. With the new design, the bar will take over the search feature, which is something you use every day, the single feature every google website shares, so you won't be able to ignore that the bar exists, and with the bar, your G+ profile, which is the real target... I'm not convinced that hiding the links is entirely a good idea though. No. Every EULA you'll click through will include some clause restricting usage to 30 days for evaluation purposes, except in a few cases (db client, beta versions, XE edition, Technology Network stuff, Linux etc). And they do enforce that clause as soon as they find you're using any of their stuff. Plus, you need an account on their site to download pretty much anything, so they'll know what you download, and from time to time you might get a call to see how that "reviewing" is going, especially if you are not a customer yet. It makes it very easy for people to get access to software and to learn, however, especially if they're covered by a company who is already a customer. Many of those have moved already. I remember seeing similar posts... Oh yes, Angry Birds at one point was more profitable on Nokia N900 than on iPhone. Make of this what you will. Go back and check, they're all running on 3 already. Have a good migration :) Aren't Canonical and CouchDB all open-sourcey, community-first etc etc etc? Then why the secrecy here? To me, it sounds like couchdb just failed to scale in a big way and revealing how would basically kill the project, so Canonical are trying to do the polite thing. Note that the data is heavily skewed -- 77% of all SR listings apparently are for one UK seller, who probably just had the misfortune to pick that day to flog his wares. You'd need to automate data retrieval and average it over a few months to get a better picture. (edit: listings, not transactions; thanks archivator for the correction) Actually, I don't think that'll happen. Who flies with Ryanair ? People trying to save money. If their website is too easy to use, these people will peruse it for hours, trying to find out the cheaper combination of flights to go from "somewhere near Madrid" to "somewhere near Berlin". If RA raises the bar a little bit, these people will probably give up one or two queries earlier, hence picking some more "natural" route that will likely make RA a bit more money. Most customers won't think (or know) about the competition, RA has a very strong brand, so the chances that they'll just give up and go elsewhere are fairly slim, especially after having invested all that time going through captchas. Captchas are very unfriendly towards older and less computer-literate people, but those segments are more likely to go through phone or agencies anyway. (Not that I care, I stopped using RA years ago.) They just don't care about "good anything", they only care about cheap. If it was practical for them to provide only a telnet server, they would do it in a heartbeat. Nokia tried to push this line for ages. Yes, it's potentially a very good idea, but in practice you need the content to appeal to actual users. Low-end users like low-end content (ringtones etc), which is what sells on those platform. Apps are substantially crippled by platform limitations in that space, so they are not enticing enough for a clientèle who privileges flashy stuff. I'd usually sleep 6 to 9 hours, but our newborn baby is keeping me up at the moment, so it's more like 5 hours. Result: instant illness :( Overall, I feel great through the day when I get 9 hours straight (rare); with 6, I wake up very productive (adrenaline is pumping!), but I'll inevitably crash in the afternoon. Any value in between, I'll need caffeine to wake up; my body works on 3-hours cycles. Basically, yes. US and UK have central banks who will underwrite illogical levels of debt while (supposedly) maintaining a certain level of credibility; the EU has a galaxy of central banks who, individually, cannot do that any more, and a central bank which is not allowed to even try. I don't like to say this, but the only logical solution is the one put forward (half-heartedly) by Sarkozy: let the ECB be the European FED, a proper central bank with full powers at European level, so that debt can be underwritten by Europe as a whole. The collective credibility of Europe as a huge market and productive force is unquestionable, so this would stop speculative moves and stabilize the system. Unfortunately, Germany is currently led by a chancellor who thinks she's running a Bavarian village, and would rather try to save her cows into a "safe barn" than to stop the avalanche from getting into the valley in the first place. This makes it easy for US and UK media to fuel doubt in the Euro, indirectly boosting their own currencies and helping themselves to artificially-low borrowing rates. And I say that as a UK citizen who will eventually benefit from this state of things (through increased public investment, or rather less ferocious cuts by the bunch of aristos currently running the show over here). The fiscal "breathing room" is there, but at European level (Ireland, Netherlands etc). Some US states also have an unmanageable level of debt, but it's balanced out across the whole union through the FED; in Europe this is not allowed by current treaties. A beautiful story which is only partially true, and which would probably never scale. Paris alone has 7 times the population of Iceland; good luck having the whole European population "reformulate their Constitution[s]". Quoting Sir Humphrey: "Britain has had the same foreign policy objective for at least the last five hundred years: to create a disunited Europe. In that cause we have fought with the Dutch against the Spanish, with the Germans against the French, with the French and Italians against the Germans, and with the French against the Germans and Italians. Divide and rule, you see. Why should we change now, when it's worked so well?" We've heard all this before, with the Maastricht treaty and the fixed deficit/GDP ratio imposed by Germany in the 90s. The result? Whenever France and Germany felt like ignoring the rules ("because of political pressure from the voters"? oh no, northerners are so virtuous, they'd NEVER do that, would they?)... they did just that, invalidating them for everyone else. It's all posturing. We will be back to this in 10 or 15 years regardless of any "rule" imposed now by Germany, unless we switch to superpower-mode and let the ECB play on the same level with the Yankees and the Chinese. The current agreement takes powers from individual banks but then it doesn't give them to a new subject; a huge macroeconomic power is kept hostage to the lie that the EU is not a unified body when, for all intents and purposes, it will have to be if it wants to survive. Otherwise we might as well go back to our little villages and watch them being crushed one after the other. Merkel might keep enjoying her cows a couple of years more than the others, full of her righteous fiscal discipline, and eventually she'll be bought off by the Chinese like everyone else. Link! It's just too funny to ignore it. http://www.videohippy.com/video/113264/Yes-Minister-Sir-Hump... I'm pretty sure this has been done. I remember seeing something extremely similar while going through several of the umpteen python web frameworks and thinking "well, it's just html with parentheses rather than angled bracket and an additional leaky abstraction on top". If I may play devil's advocate for a minute, it's also true that some of these access fees were originally introduced to recoup costs. The idea was that some of these services would pay for themselves, relying on general taxation only for funds necessary to bootstrap, then run "forever" with zero impact on public finances. So, once we say that all public data should be free, we should also accept that the economic burden of creating that data will also be entirely covered by general taxation, year after year. Personally I'm not against the idea, but I bet a lot of people would be, probably even many of those now complaining that they're "taxed twice". denied using , not denied shipping . Most likely the software is there, but non-US vendors (and law enforcement agencies -- not everyone is as clued up and as resourceful as the FBI) simply don't exploit it. Show me a (useful) website that costs less than $5 for lifetime access. Many SAAS companies charge the same as an app, but per month , so you can't really compare it with a one-off payment. I don't understand whether you're trolling or not. Google doesn't make you pay for access, last I checked. Talking about iPhone and Bluetooth: is there any app that would make it easier to switch BT on and off? BT and WiFi are major power drains, so I always switch them off as soon as I can, but it's a major pain. By default you have to go to Settings -> General -> Bluetooth -> on/off -- 4 taps, which is ridiculous. It's slightly better for WiFi, "only" 3 taps. Ideally I'd be able to get buttons on my home screen that will quickly switch these on or off with 1 tap. That's sweet. Incredibly useful AND a nice showcase of what's possible with special web clips on iOS. Installed and donated $10, well worth it. Yeah, this would be a killer app if interfaced with some online recipe repository (there are several), but then it would require some additional UI to weed out recipes based on individual requirements ("too hard", "too slow", "not vegetarian" etc). Now I'm tempted to go write my own webapp to do that, lol :D Oh they do, all the time. OSS, ALSA, PulseAudio... http://xkcd.com/927/ The way Poettering dismisses the "1970s unix mindset" is really sad. Here we have a big Linux contributor who apparently doesn't appreciate his heritage, which explains why he's constantly trying to reinvent it... and poorly, as the saying goes. I'm one of those who really didn't see the need for PulseAudio or any of the *Kit stuff, and even HAL was kind of a train wreck (all those years to make it stable and supported by desktop managers, to then throw it all away). I'm sure he's just the most visible advocate of this approach, not the only one, but he's certainly responsible for a lot of the misery Linux desktop users like me were and are subjected to. After a decade of Linux on my desktop, I've switched back to Windows 7 in early 2011 and, to be honest, I'm quite happy I did. The failure of Linux as a commercial desktop is also (not entirely, of course) his responsibility, considering the crap he pulled with all the desktop components he messed with (PulseAudio, HAL, DBUS etc etc), so clearly it's not a causal factor for his behaviour. "A year or two before it was ready", people like Lennart were already advocating it as The One True Way for Linux audio, so I don't blame Ubuntu for jumping the gun. Besides, looking at how things go in that area, now that it works well enough it will probably be replaced quite soon. No, it's because they're coherent experiences, developing single components over 10 or even 20 years. They don't chuck out entire subsystems on a whim, breaking compatibility with everything and then blaming anybody but themselves for the resulting mess. Edit: it's quite astonishing how such a wide ecosystem of developers continues to misunderstand how you build successful developer ecosystems. monopolistic behaviour and a solid, conservative set of well-documented APIs. the official links are still very, very slow to respond. These are much faster. "Someone connecting to a "open" MySQL server will only be able to run those type of queries (select,update or delete) that he is explicitly permitted to run" ... bar any security vulnerability in your sql engine, which is bound to exist -- relational databases are historically less hardened than web servers, because they're less subject to abuse (they mostly run in safe intranets, not on the big bad Internet). An application layer inbetween malicious users and your databases will provide proper input validation and security in addition to flaky db security, and (in most cases) it will guarantee that your database will remain intact should malicious users crash your front-end code -- which, when properly secured, will also have minimal rights on the schema, hence insuring that attackers don't get more rights than absolutely necessary for the app to run. At the very minimum, it will provide an additional barrier that malicious users will have to overcome before getting at your data goodies, giving you additional time to get on top of things. The internet is a permanent war zone. Running an open relational database on the internet is like having an HQ not surrounded by tanks, because "after all, nobody can get through our glass doors unless they have the right papers". I'd honestly like to know how you can "safely copy files" with Explorer. You know a lot of viruses, you don't know all the viruses. How can you discount the possibility that, one day, the USB interface itself will be subverted to spread viruses ? I'd argue that even then, they are less hardened against network-layer exploits than your average webserver. Network security is bread & butter for a webserver, not for your enterprise DB running in safe intranets with only cursory penetration testing. a "story" that doesn't consider security over the internet is doomed to get your rooted sooner or later. If you really can enjoy the same level of semi-instantaneous knowledge of "virusdom" as AV companies, then you're the 0.00001% of the population. Your solution simply doesn't scale in the real world. No self-respecting geek would ever recommend any Sony gear anyway. Their hardware arm is a slave to the content-producing arm, who has been crippling new devices with broken DRM since the 90s. That's technically illegal in the EU, where two-year warranties on electronics are compulsory. This means EU resellers and OEMs will have to be responsible for that second year, or drop Seagate. A MacBook when he was 9 ? Damn, I'm 32 and still cannot really justify one. And I'm sure his parents had nothing to do with his funding arrangements, of course. I hate to talk about privilege, and this kid is clearly smart, but the smell of upper class is hardly bearable, sorry. I said "justify", not "afford". I could afford to buy a house in Hawaii, but that doesn't mean I could justify the expense :) That's not been true at least since Blair got into power. Any additional revenue stream is good for papa! At some point, research was commissioned by movie industry types to find the viewers' "time of highest alertness", i.e. when to deliver the best scene. It turns out that viewers are most focused in the first 20 minutes, which is consistent with most research efforts in other fields (see the usual stuff about 15 mins presentations etc). Trailers were already being shown in that timeframe, to allow for latecomers, so adding regular ads was a no-brainer. I wouldn't be surprised to learn that they raised the timeframe from 20 to 30/40, and probably factored some randomness in, just to defy that sort of strategy. Some cinemas in the UK do this. It's hell to police, especially at "low" times, and because of that, most high-payers end up resenting it. Except insurance against "acts of God" is extremely hard (and expensive) to get. The free market has spoken: when emergency strikes, f*ck the poor people. Among other things, he'd spend his time enacting anti-abortion laws. Thanks for the downvotes, but what's wrong about what I said? He's openly anti-abortion, and promoted anti-abortion legislation at Federal level (source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_positions_of_Ron_Paul... ). Presumably, he would do the same once elected. The free market doesn't owe you anything indeed, but society , which the government represents, is a very different thing. Sorry, I'm European and hardcore US "free-marketism" is so incredibly alien from here... I mean, the free market wouldn't ever give me 24 days of paid vacation every year, so why should I want more of it? There is no threat of violence, workers' rights are a civil matter, penalties are financial. So yeah, society should force wealthy people, at the threat of financial ruin, to give their workers a decent lifestyle, to compensate for the unfair advantage they enjoyed (in terms of education and family networks as well as purely financial) and to basically let them call the shots on everything else. Obviously, as a social-democratic position, this moves from an implicit critical view of original capitalism, i.e. rich people exploiting the poor for financial gain, as observed through post-XVII-century history (more so in Europe than in the US, I guess, which might explain why it's not as widely accepted a concept over there). Times when Charity was widely praised and practice, but clearly was never enough. Obviously, if all economic disparity was eliminated overnight, things would be different. I look forward to the 1% renouncing their fortunes in order to establish a free-market utopia where such laws wouldn't be necessary. If you don't pay the financial penalties your assets are seized and you go bankrupt... or not even that, in most cases, thanks to the concept of LLC. People don't go to jail for breaking workers' rights like holiday entitlements, let's not make it more dramatic than it is. Switzerland is really not a model when it comes to racism. Until very recently, its government was blatantly organized along ethnic lines, with clear glass ceilings for some groups. Public opinion is very conservative on this matter, and most laws are enacted in clearly racist terms. Uk honours are titles (Commander of the British Empire, etc). A lot of people have a say on the list of people to be honoured, but the Prime Minister is the most influential of the lot. Technically speaking the monarch could overrule any objection (afaik the process is not defined by any specific law or regulation, just built on convention), in practice it rarely ever happened with Elizabeth II. It will be interesting to see how this, like many other conventions established under her rule, will morph once we go back to having a male King who will be more popular than the political establishment, something that hasn't happened for a very long time. Anything published in the press ( news etc ) is considered formal. Not that related laws are enforced much, these days; even the BBC routinely gets it wrong. She wasn't necessarily so when she "took office" and formed her views on what her role had to be. At various stages, up to the 80s, a large segment of the population would have happily done away with the monarchy, which is unthinkable today. In a way, her constitutional profile as a weak ruler was a way to sneak the institution past turbulent times. The next ruler will probably find himself, from the very beginning, more popular than powerful. The temptation to wrestle back some power from an unpopular political class will be strong, and there are very little safeguards. This wouldn't necessary be a bad thing: the UK system values pragmatism over principles, maybe restoring some royal privileges could be useful to get us out of the current ideological rut. Chances are that Charles will never be king, and if he is, it won't be for very long. How many people are able to spend 5 years without income ? Should we commend Mr. and Mrs. Watterson Sr.? Without them, Calvin & Hobbes might have never been created; but how healthy is it to subsidize your children for so many years, hoping that they'll eventually find their own way ? As a (not particularly wealthy) parent, this is the sort of question I keep asking myself, and my experience tells me to do the exact opposite of what the Wattersons did. Oh but they are: the number of technical howtos and tutorial on the internet is huge. Just because they are not collected and printed on dead trees doesn't mean they are not published. The critical factor is always publicity, rather than distribution models. Louis didn't get publicity because he put stuff on the internet, but rather because he had built a following with his previous work, and used that to publicize this effort. He could have spent three months in a glass box suspended on the Hudson river and sold the tape at some random street market, and he would have probably received the same amount of money and attention. The OP knows this very well, and is actually just trying to get publicity by arbitrarily linking his dad's stuff with Louis' name. To be honest, it's quite disgraceful. Cool, yes; newsworthy, not really: people have been doing this since 2002 at least. The newsworthy factor for Louis was about a big comedian deserting the old distribution model, something that had mostly been done before only in the music world (Radiohead, Trent Reznor, etc etc). (Even the, it got much more publicity than it really deserved, but that's the magic of showbiz for you.) But this? This is a nobody uploading mp3s on the net. Is this new? No. Is this hacker-related? No. Is this Louis-related? No. It's just a marketing trick. What next, "hey Hacker News, here's my store selling potatoes directly on the internet, I'm doing it like amazon" ? Happy to see that they're addressing the bootloader problem. Less happy to read that GPS is beyond fixing. I don't particularly care about that, to be honest, so I might end up buying one anyway (once they're available in the UK, damn), but still, it's one of those where you wonder how the hell could make it through QA (and if they missed that, what else did they miss...?) I've tried 7.0 recently for a project requiring Jython 2.2 and it was a huge fail (I ended up with eclipse+PyDev, which shine on that particular task). I might give it another try, but I'm quite partial to IntelliJ for other stuff. IIRC, IntelliJ was the first IDE to have intelligent refactoring features and be usable, at a time when Eclipse was an unbearable memory monster and quite feature-poor. After the first paragraph I was already thinking "Wow, I don't want to work for E760 per month, that's basically on the poverty line!"... then I checked where the guy was from; Hungary is a backwater, and absolutely NOT representative of the EU, probably not even of the old eastern bloc. Three-years maternity leave? That's unheard of in western Europe, most countries allow for less than a year (my wife got 6 months in the UK); men only recently started to enjoy some rights in that sense (in the UK it's two weeks). He talks about a post-50 "protected age" where you can't fire people. That doesn't exist in the UK, where we have the opposite problem (firms firing people near pension age, and then hiring youngsters at 1/3rd of salary). I know in other countries laws are tighter (in Italy it's fairly hard to fire people, for example), but as people say over there, "Facta lex inventa fraus" (as soon as a law is written, a way around it will be found"): in countries with rigid laws, firms now hire almost exclusively on a temporary basis, i.e. they hire people as contractors for years or even decades, abusing the relationship. The high taxes and pension contributions are also a factor in Italy and in France, but not elsewhere. What this post is representative of, is the general douchebaggery of European "entrepreneurs"; they usually come from "old money" (banks are very conservative with their lending, favouring entrenched players) and bring a terrible mindset to the workplace, i.e. "screw the employees, they're just idiots anyway". This obviously doesn't motivate workers, keeping productivity low. Still not three years. You wouldn't get three years in Italy, nor in France or UK, i bet not even in Germany. Being an entrepreneur is like that: high risk, high stakes, high stress, (hopefully) high rewards. That's how it works. If you want to reduce risk/stress, then you would have to accept less rewards. No employer will ever accept that, so i don't see why workers should accept to suffer in order to make his life easier. Los Angeles, CA. Kinda big in the media sector. In some countries, the State funds political parties in proportion to their votes or some other parameter. Obviously this is never enough, so large businesses do have an influence over here as well. "Revolving doors" are a bit less common than in the US, but that's changing. Note that corruption is not necessarily linked to the source of "original" funds. Italian politicians are the best paid in Europe... I rest my case. Because adding another IP is so much more difficult. if websites can be shut down on basis of piracy, what stops them shutting them down on for any other reason? Nothing. Which is exactly why governments the world over are so happy to help the content industry: "piracy" is just another excuse to make mass-scale censorship widely accepted, because the scaremongering about paedophilia wasn't enough (the targeted websites were too small, public opinion didn't really notice them, and so the concept of net censorship being "normal" didn't really pass). The workers were upset they were missing out on money , not "work". I bet there wouldn't have been riots if the company had simply quadrupled their salary before cutting overtime. If what you are saying is correct, then policy proposals from the Tories are even more insane than what bubbles up, which makes the whole idea of being in power with them even more distasteful. Considering the AV referendum is now gone, what's the point of staying with them any longer, apart from the occasional ministerial pension ? There is a large number of UK geeks who genuinely believed Tories and (especially) LibDems would have reduced the influence of Microsoft on public procurement once elected. I know because I've been surprised by this over and over (I live in the North of England, where being a Tory is, er, very unpopular by default, and with reason). For them, this issue was indeed a vote-winner, so this u-turn will hurt, especially among LibDems... but then again, hardly surprising by now. Support costs for the public sector are measured over decades , not years. In this sense, open standards are extremely critical: Microsoft won't sell you a copy of Word 95 anymore, and sooner or later they'll break compatibility with the format altogether. When that happens, millions of tiny open source violins will play a very loud symphony indeed ( http://xkcd.com/743/ ). Moderating their policies make them look better than they are, so they will stay in power for longer than they deserve, whereas a full-on minority government would have exposed them for the nutters they are. I know we are arguing relatively small tactical moves, when looking at the grand scheme of things, but the grand scheme of things is built day by day by this sort of "small" moves. So torrent sites will switch to IPv6. They are already working with specialized providers anyway. And then people start automating IP spoofing on a mass scale, to make TPB look like a White House server. It's an arms race that cannot be won by censors, because the entire infrastructure has been built on loosely-coupled nodes and technologies that can be encapsulated or mimicked. The Chinese are getting closer and closer to a breaking point, as more people find out how the "real" internet feels like (either by travelling or by finding ever-easier tunnelling technologies); as soon as the economy slows down and people start grumbling, the gates will fall. It's sad that other countries are trying to go the opposite way. Who is large and powerful in the tech industry? Apple, Microsoft, Oracle, Adobe... they all have their own long-established lobbying efforts in place. Unfortunately, they don't care about the internet; the net is actually disruptive of their business model, for the most part. You can look at BSA's position to see what "big money" from the tech industry really wants. For them, Google, Facebook etc, are uppity competitors, and they'd love to see them cut to size by the government. So it's rather the internet-based industry, rather than the generic "tech world", who should improve their lobbying. FB, Google and Twitter execs should start cashing in some of those umpteen photo-ops with Obama, threatening to sponsor and enable primary challengers for everyone who will vote for bad bills. Even better, threaten to silently downrank specific politicians on their sites: "we can do censorship too, let's see how you hurt when people can't find your donation page". Eh, go tell the BSA... I bet Microsoft would thrive in a censored internet as much as it did in the pre-internet days. I remember when this was first posted. RSS was new, Movable Type 2.x was hot shit, the future of the web was XML and real hackers were parsing it with regular expressions and duct tape. Everything was supposed to be Unicode, except the webdev community was 99.999% NorthAmerican and everybody knew plaintext "is supposed to be ASCII" anyway. Fast forward 8 years... I've joined Stack Overflow about a week ago and my first accepted answer was about Unicode and string handling in Python 2.x. Just yesterday I was thinking I should reread this exact post, to refresh a few points and keep shooting fish in that barrel. I guess I should be grateful Python 3 has gone full-Unicode... except that now people ask how to emit ASCII with it. And the Python community is among the most clued-up on the subject (probably as a reaction to how bad it was handled in 2.x). And I'm not even a fucking software developer. no, they only have CAN-SPAM. As long as Apple doesn't actually send emails, I believe they can keep the address indefinitely; however, the minute they shoot out a promo email, they have to obey CAN-SPAM, so the user would have a right to be removed from the database. I think he was downmodded because of his spectacular failure to understand that the process of blaming A for the acts of B is exactly the point of SOPA... so complaining that we shouldn't apply to Smith the same process that Smith wants to apply to everyone else looks very short-sighted at best (and at worst, just partisan). Well, it's a generic description, we don't really know how many routers and hubs are really down. There's a better post downthread listing actual issues, but none of them look major. NDAA is already law, iirc. You need a brand new bill to abolish it. I'll bite: do you honestly think people should be sent to prison for copyright offences? Monetary damages, yes; bankruptcy, maybe (if the infringement was on mass-scale and resulted in direct profit for the guilty, say, above 1000$); but prison ? Prison is not about punishment, in a civil society; it's about isolating individuals with the potential to irreparably harm their community. Unless the copyright holders go bankrupt as a direct, proven result of infringers' actions , there is simply no irreparable harm done: the rightsholder still owns the IP and is free to sell it. Madoff did irreparably harm the community, and with his connections he could probably do it again. Hence, prison. I hope you are not trolling. The difference between REST and SOAP is how you expose your api via HTTP; with a RESTful approach, you should expose clean URLs that will be accessed via http methods expressing their original meaning (i.e. GET will only fetch a resource, not trigger side-effects; creation operations will use POST; etc etc). This usually results in simple interfaces that can be accessed directly with basic http libraries and don't necessarily rely on XML. The point of REST is that any http client will be able to access your API; wrapping libraries like the one you provide are completely optional. Developers prefer REST for this reason: it's much easier than SOAP (where you invariably have to rely on wrapping libraries you don't understand) and doesn't introduce any dependency on libraries. If you intend on forcing customers to use a wrapping library anyway, then it doesn't really matter what you choose, because you're completely hiding the http layer anyway. Doing it "the REST way" would mean you just document your http interfaces and make the wrapper completely optional, while maintaining simplicity. Yeah, a library for a library, there's little difference, I agree; but the main point of REST is exactly the fact that the library is optional, and if necessary it can be entirely bypassed with little effort. With SOAP this is almost invariably impractical or impossible; you'll need a basic SOAP library even for sending "Hello world" back and forth. REST is more human-friendly in many ways. Somebody could also say REST implementations usually end up passing less data around, because they usually don't require the overhead of compulsory metadata typical of SOAP standards (schemas, "envelopes" etc). This is obviously a trade-off with "exactness", but again most developers are happy to trade speed for metadata they'll rarely use (if ever). It also helps making server-side caching easier. Isn't this sort of approach a security nightmare ? I don't think he was outmatched. If anything, he came out as a young, smart, polite guy running a successful business at the forefront of innovation -- the best America can offer, really. Cotton came out as the rich, smiling shark that he is, which makes smart people dismissive of anything he has to say. His very first line "let's make a step back: we are talking about jAAAAAbs" sounds like something any two-faced lying politician would say. He did get more airplay, because he was incredibly rude, but I don't expect anything less from an executive of the network that is producing the show in the first place (it was actually kinda ballsy for Hayes to tell him he was flat-out wrong). So, all in all, I don't think Alex should change much in his presentation; the only mistake he made, I think, was that he was too eager to push the "piracy is a service problem" soundbite before he had actually explained why that is the case. It was an ambush tactic -- he introduced a complete lie among his talking points, and dared everyone else to refute it. The next time around, anti-SOPA spokespersons will fire back on this point "with chapter and verse". Considering we're still quite far from the decisive votes, seeing the pro-SOPA camp already forced to resort to outright lies is comforting, they clearly have nothing else to show. 1. Who knows? It all depends on how they intend to implement this DNS blocking. I'd expect non-US ISPs would stop using any US-based root nameserver, circumventing the block. Considering most of entities taking care of the root zone are either American institutions or US-base multinationals, this would really pout a strain on the existing non-US infrastructure, but could actually result in a better designed network (i.e. less reliant on US bodies). 2. Yes, blocking access to foreign websites is the whole point of the legislation. Note that this would only mean that US-based users wouldn't be able to resolve your .dk, but everybody else (i.e. in Europe or Asia etc) would still be able to do it. 3. Good question. Again, this will depend on the technical implementation; I believe at the moment they're only talking about blocking DNS resolution. The minute they block IP-based connections, you basically have the Great Firewall of America in place. Easy! :s/SOPA/PIPA/g PIPA, the sister bill coming through Senate, is still there and needs to be squashed as well. I applaud the US political system for being better than the UK counterpart in this instance. The copyright mafia tried the exact same trick in the UK two years ago: a bill was pushed through Parliament on election year, when MPs had to make their funding rounds and so were more amenable to being bribed... and it passed. Nice to see US representatives still have a bit more decency (either that, or Google's chequebook is now much lighter than it was three month ago). Technically a bill originating in any branch can be approved and then sent to the other branch for debate, amendment and approval, followed by reconciliation if it now differs from the version originally approved. I don't see why you couldn't have a situation where PIPA supporters lay low for a news cycle or two, then get PIPA approved and sent to the House when nobody is watching. PIPA is even more generically-worded than SOPA, so it will be more difficult to fight it on the basis that "it will break the internet". There is clearly a lot of money riding on this bill, and it's election year. Look how cute he is, trying to reframe it as "universal anger" against Obama, when ordinary people are really experiencing relief. And how he berates Google for playing the game, when he's been doing that openly for decades. Or how he directs fire at Axelrod, threatening the less powerful element of the administration. He's like Mr. Cotton yesterday: an old man lying through his teeth in order to maintain his power and privileges, proud to be evil. This sentence is often abused, but it does look incredibly apt in this context: "First they ignore you (the 90s - "internet what? here, buy some CDs instead") then they laugh at you (2000s - "we can shut down those nerds in seconds!") then they fight you (2010s - "let's write laws all over the world to criminalize new technology") then you win." (2020s...?) Reuters is part of the establishment, and is acting the part, so no surprise there. The truth is that opposition to this bill is multi-layered: the masses of Wikipedia and Reddit walk the networked streets shouting with their megaphones, while Google and Facebook quietly cut checks to people in suit who know how to talk to congressmen. This is why Big Media actors, like Murdoch and Reuters, are so angry about it all: they thought they only had to deal with Occupy-style "crazies", and instead they find themselves challenged on their own ground as well. They are trying very hard to frame the protest as a "failure" even though it's being wildly successful. I wonder what will happen if/once PIPA is voted down. I wish, but the cartels won't give up right now for sure... the necessary culture shift among their ranks has only just begun. Yup. Translation from CongressSpeak: "Lamar Smith (head of Judiciary Committee) had rigged everything just right, but we got caught out, folks, and now there's too much shit flying 'round. Reid, dude, let's wait a month or two and come back when nobody is watching, ok? Don't worry, we'll still cash those cheques." An original .iso would be a great place to deliver keylogging software and backdoors for law enforcement and international espionage purposes. I'm sure law enforcement agencies are already well aware of this. Not trolling: incentives and processes are basically the same for any entity distributing precompiled binaries, from MS to Symantec to Skype to Apple to Canonical. They don't do it because of the potential for huge reputation hits... exactly like most people in "the scene". I think that's already happened, actually. Mainstream news channel didn't cover SOPA/PIPA until very late; the press didn't know what they were about, and when they did they just kept mum out of self-interest. Nevertheless, a very large mass of people noticed, enough to make extremely powerful congressmen like Smith sweat cold -- that's a very significant number of people who clearly rely on "alternative" online sources for their news and entertainment right now . Are they majority? The next few months (and votes) will tell us. 15 years ago, the DMCA passed with no real opposition. Now, this bill could actually be defeated. The shift might have already happened, and if not, it's really, really close. One day we'll look back trying to find a turning point (the rise of Google? Wikipedia? Facebook?), but I bet historians will set it before 2012. I bet if you actually counted the ratio of progressive vs corporatist editorials, the latter would be the overwhelming majority. Let's not kid ourselves, the WSJ does have a pro-corporations agenda, it's owned by Rupert Murdoch; in Europe most people consider it a far-right paper. The Financial Times in comparison looks almost like a socialist rag. Even worse, introducing the WSJ as "one of America's most respected newspapers" automatically presents the paper in a very positive light -- "respect" is good, "America" is good, so good + good must be good, right? What if a different formula was used instead, like "one of Rupert Murdoch's newspapers"? It'd be much more correct and impartial, technically (ownership can be proven; "respect", not so much), but the spin would feel quite different. The problem is actually with the definition of infringing site: "The term 'U.S.-directed site' means an Internet site or portion thereof that is used to conduct business directed to residents of the United States". By this definition, a Youtube channel of people posting rickroll mashups and served, say, under a .fr domain, without paying Rick Astley, would make Youtube an infringing site as a whole . A Google group dedicated to memes based on captions of The Hurt Locker and served under the .za domain would make Google an infringing site as a whole . A subreddit dedicated to... you get the idea. From http://projects.propublica.org/sopa/ , it looks like the PIPA majority in Senate is still huge: 41-13. Unless it can get to something 30-24 today, it's a done deal. Here's hope that PIPA will never make it through the House. Taking the fight IRL would also escalate the situation to a point where anonymous members would be seriously hunted down by FBI and (overseas) CIA as a full-on terrorist organization. I don't think even anons really want that. One thing is to express your dissatisfaction and disaffection towards the establishment who is "messing with the intertubes"; another is to move every night to a different house and go out cutting telegraph poles. But it also gives you the excuse to say "see? we don't need SOPA, overseas websites are already being closed down". It doesn't matter what "the American public" thinks, as long as senators' phones keep ringing an people keep organizing. The copyright mafia will never be able to take the streets, TeaParty-style, so whether they brainwash a moron here and there doesn't really matter. EDIT: btw, I do find the timing of this operation quite "funny". Conspiracy theorists will go wild. HN is a political organization now? Protesting a law that threatens one's own existence doesn't mean one has to then express an opinion on every political fact under the sun. By your logic, the US under GWB were full of evil people who just loved to bomb other countries. I personally always try to remember that politics are not binary in nature, that history is complicated and especially that the volksgeist does not exist . Considering the entire system of journals and papers is about reputation rather than profit (from what I understand, nobody in academia gets money from the publishing process), it’s a prime candidate for disruption. If a small group of universities started publishing all their papers on an official website (maybe with an opportune system of ranking, to somehow reflect quality of the reviewing process and make it really equivalent to traditional journal publishing), then the incentives to publish in an Elsevier paper would disappear. The system could then grow as more universities join. I’m surprised nobody has done it yet, there must be some stumbling block I’m not aware of. That's the main problem I see, really: buy-in from high-profile institutions. If a decent number of them started to publicize that they see papers published with New-Uber-Journal-System.XYZ as "preferred" over traditional papers, then people would queue up to publish there, and would force others to follow suit or be seen as "2nd rate". To do that though, NUJS better be have a bombproof method to produce quality reviewing (high-profile reviewers, a system of incentives targeted on quality not quantity etc etc). A UK factory job might not be fashionable, but thanks to unions, they pay fairly well, easily twice or three times what supposedly-educated people make at any call-centre (possibly excluding credit-collection ones -- they make some real dough in commissions). There is no "free overtime" or other white-collar euphemism for unpaid work, automation has made workload extremely light for almost everyone, and good luck firing them without hefty compensation. The problem with these jobs, apart from perceived low social status, is that they tend to be few and far between, mostly because of automation, high startup costs and low margins in the industrial sector. The problem is not just campaign contributions; it's also the "revolving doors" system, of which Mr. Christopher Dodds is such a shining example. That's extremely difficult to regulate, so the best option is to find some place where ex-political operatives can be "re-purposed" for the tech community. I'd also be careful not to stir the hornets' nest that is the patents system. Depending on how you do it, you end up on the opposite side of companies like Apple and Microsoft, which you need on board for any push on copyright (easing copyright rules would make it easier for them to keep building tools for creatives; easing the patent system will just make life easier for their competitors). Patents, copyright and trademarks are not as closely intertwined as some people believe, they are actually very different concepts. Just to explain my downvote: you're arguing that, when locked into thermonuclear war, one side should just unilaterally disarm. You obviously know this is absurd. Unless all parties agree to a compromise (or they are forced to by higher authorities), the first mover will always be a loser. Oh, and the 10-years copyright is extreme, of course, but current rules are also extreme and need to go. That is Joel's point: in order to get a sane compromise, we must ask for an insane target. I personally find it difficult to do what this article says. Maybe it's because I'm a pathologically shy Italian living in a pathologically self-embarrassed UK culture... I'm a "regular" at a few coffee-shops and supermarkets near home, I'm pretty sure most of the staff recognize me like I recognize them, and they do know my "favourite" items, but I don't know their names and we've never really had any interaction outside the expected me-customer-you-barista set of requests. They don't even tell me if there's a promotion or fidelity scheme! The only "extra" I get is that they don't tell me they'll close in 15 mins and "please get out", they just assume I know (which is true). I think they understood it better than they've given credit for. People don't remember the political climate at the time: 20 years ago, when the Euro was planned and sanctioned, Germany was still divided, and West Germany was the top dog in economic terms among European countries (even more so than today) while most other countries (including France and UK) were fighting a recession. German public opinion didn't want to partake from the almighty Deutsche Mark, which was a rock in troubled seas (the British Pound was crashing, the French Franc was weak, the Italian Lira was losing 20% every 10 years, etc etc); French and Italian elites thought that a common currency would have allowed them to harness the German industrial strength, basically helping themselves to low interest rates they wouldn't have enjoyed otherwise. The German establishment mostly saw the Euro as a straight-jacket, a burden to accept in order to bring about their own reunification, which otherwise would have been opposed across Europe (a reunited Germany would have been dangerously powerful on its own). As it happens, it turned out better for them than for other members; this is why they keep insisting on a monetary approach to public policy that will keep others down, at least until this suites them. Everyone had designs on "controlling the thing", and the ability to do it: France had long set the EU agenda, BeNeLux and nordic countries were seen as the "reference implementation" for most processes, Spain was extremely aggressive in occupying key roles (Javier Solana, anyone?), even the UK was quite good (watering down ambitions of full political union, basically)... The real game-changer was the rushed enlargement. Now Germany can count on a political bloc of countries directly depending on the German economy, and for anyone else it's much more difficult to steer the boat with so many people on board. Yes, but in terms of governance inside EU institutions this doesn't matter as much. If we had a situation were Germany was doing very well, but everyone else wanted to tweak the currency in a different way, it would go in a different way. As it is, thanks to the enlargement, on economic matters Germany can rely on a block of "faithful" countries whose self-interest is perennially aligned. From one-head-one-vote to one-dollar-one-vote. We should call it "pecuniacy". (Note: "pecunia" is Latin for "money"; I know, the right way to do this would be to use the ancient greek equivalent for "money" and replace it for "demo", but I couldn't find it.) Bollocks. Democracy is, literally, "rule by the people"; you can twist the definition of "people", but once you do, they stop being "people" in other contexts too, and you really don't want to go there, if you really care about your fellow man (if you don't, you can pick your preferred system that favours your preferred type of assholes: with the right blood, with the right money, with the right degrees, with the right veneral disease, whatever). The real problem is that the Greek concept of Democracy was implemented at the town level (their "cities" were really villages in the modern sense), and it has struggled to scale ever since. It's not surprising that the best "democracies" tend to be the smallest in terms of population. A literal democracy would have everyone being able to vote on any law at any level, which is clearly impractical; unfortunately, once you introduce human intermediaries / aggregators (i.e. your "representatives"), the dynamics change massively, so you introduce corrections, which further sway the dynamics, and on and on... Yeah, but that has already assumed negative connotations; you cannot use it for tongue-in-cheek jokes. It used to be impractical due to obvious infrastructure reasons. But with the internet, is it still? The history of electronic voting is not particularly encouraging for the various "democracy in technology" theories. Besides, even if you sorted out the infrastructure requirements (see security etc), you'd still be left with the day-to-day drudgery of real politics: reading thousands of pages of bills, proposals, analysis, point, counter-point, etc etc etc, is boring and a time-sink. Which is why a professional "political class" has emerged in most countries, and why part-time politicians are invariably rich from the start (i.e. they have a lot of spare time). To fix that, we'll need good AIs to summarize and simulate. I'd actually prefer to have that over a fully-networked, always-on poll booth. Well, I decide that, to fully participate in a democracy, you have to write in correct English all the time, so hey, you're excluded already, dear JanezStupar. How does that feel? Sorry, no repeated tests, once you're out it's forever. Let's say that tomorrow that 5% of income is what makes a difference between life or death from hunger; and at the same time, (rich) "people" are proposing a law that will literally kill whoever does not pay that 5%; do you pay and vote against the law, then die from hunger, or do you not pay and die from the hand of "the people"? "In modern west" (as opposed to "in Soviet Russia"? lol), in some countries, less than 50% bother to vote in most elections, so the "to willfully ignorant" [sic] already don't take part; it's important they maintain their rights nevertheless. How many HN readers never bothered to deal with the US Congress before SOPA was proposed? Would have been right to deny them a voice? By now I'm pretty sure you're either trolling or a dangerous elitist, "to willfully ignorant" to be trusted with any decision on political systems. The EU Parliament is a relatively benign organism. Elections are held with a proportional system across Europe, so it's quite easy for MEPs to lose seats to smaller parties; this basically forces them to listen to constituents, most of the time, or risk being defeated by, say, Greens or Pirate Party. Since they don't really have much of a say in nominating the "EU government" (i.e. the Commission), they don't really experience the drawbacks of such a system. The problem is, in most cases the Parliament cannot veto what the Commission approves. There is a constant, constitutional struggle between them, but the Commission has the upper hand in most cases. This is because the Commission is nominated by (and directly works with) member states; in practice, if all states' governments agree to something, the EU Parliament probably wouldn't be able to stop them. At most, they could delay some decisions, hoping that political winds in member states will change in the meantime. ahhahahaha, "it tries to inhibit"... It tries not; almost every EU country will have a number of subsidies for car ownership and a number of processes that, under the guise of promoting "environmental" and "safety" standards, really just force people to periodically upgrade their cars for the benefit of the car industry. What it originally tried to inhibit was the depletion of oil; most EU members introduced it 30 or 40 years ago, during the oil-shock period. Nowadays gasoline taxation is just that, a tax, and a profitable one: it's grown to be one of the largest income items for most states. (and if you think the various Middle-East wars were fought to keep oil prices under control, you're sorely mistaken; they were fought to maintain oil availability for corporations to exploit. Big difference.) This approach assumes that you, the consumer, are supposed to take on the price (and problem) of delivering goods from a central "market" to your own home. This is an evolution of the old ox-and-cart system, and it's extremely inefficient. It's much, much better for you to pick the items you need on the internet, or in a showroom, and have them delivered; the delivery round will be much more energy-efficient, serving multiple customers in one go with one vehicle. We are slowly getting there, one item at a time (first books/cds, then electronics, then nappies, then then then...). The main stumbling block (people who want to check the horse's mouth before buying it) is really not a problem in the age of precise mechanization, food standards and cheap shipping. I do my grocery shopping online, most of the time. The start of the negotiation process was formally acknowledged in various diplomatic venues, as it usually is for these treaties: for such large negotiations the bureaucracy is huge (the days of Molotov-Ribbentropp are long gone), so people knew something was going to happen. Then negotiators tried hard to keep any interested NGO and independent parties from getting access; inevitably, their interest was piqued even more, and leaks started to appear, as they always do when Evil Stuff is in the works. I'm pretty sure people like Cory Doctorow were banging the drums about ACTA years ago. For example, UK Road Tax is now heavier on "polluting" cars, which mostly means "old". After two years, all cars have to be officially checked every year, forcing old vehicles off the road when the cost of mostly-optional maintenance becomes higher than the actual car value. Several cities block access to certain areas depending again on the "environmental impact" (i.e. age) of the vehicle; the European Emission Standards have been changed on average every three years, so anything linked to that standard changed accordingly. Most countries run, or have run in the past 10 years, "scrapping" schemes where people trading in their old car would get a direct government subsidy when buying a new one. This is all fairly useless, considering how study after study demonstrated that the largest threats to air quality in cities are old heating systems and industrial activity, and 90% of accidents are not due to mechanical breakdowns; but it does push people to get newer cars. I'm not saying this is a negative thing (in theory it's quite nice), but in practice it's just another way to help car-makers. Most countries also dish out subsidies directly to struggling car-makers; companies like Renault and FIAT are seen as "national champions" and treated accordingly -- although this is now illegal under EU competition law, nobody complains because every manufacturer based in Europe will have enjoyed some "public love" at some point. After all, car manufacturing still employs, directly or indirectly, a lot of people. I'm a left-winger and I support this message. Post-WWII political categories are getting increasingly meaningless. That's actually the standard European order. Testing the Russian locale might be a scary proposition, but certainly not for this specific reason. So, what would it be a modern drop-in replacement for FTP? Requirements: * It should only deal with filesystem operations (i.e. SSH is way too problematic). * It should be firewall-, NAT-, proxy- and browser-friendly. * It should have cross-platform servers and clients, fully operational via CLI as well as GUI. * it should be secure (i.e. no http, thanks; https, maybe.) I'd say it's potential startup territory, except I cannot see any monetization opportunity. Also, the usual XKCD on standards: http://xkcd.com/927/ SSH is a pain to secure properly, and the potential for mischief is huge. There is no sudo in FTP. Here's a nice stimulus bill for the US economy: mandatory switch from MDY to DMY. That should keep "a few" programmers busy for years! I'm not joking, that's how you move the economy: it's the digital equivalent of building a new bridge. (It'd be more forward-thinking to actually switch to YMD, but I can imagine the reactions at the idea of aligning with Iran and China.) That used to be the case in the UK, but I notice more and more how I'm the only one actually using that form in conversation these days, at least in my little corner of Northern England. Indigenous people have clearly moved on to DMY, i.e. "the 30th of January". I think he means there's SF, and there's SV, both high-density hubs, and inbetween there's a long commute of low-density areas (San Mateo? Don't know anything about it). Which is kinda true if you define Silicon Valley as the S.Clara / Mountain View / Cupertino area, they're about one hour apart from downtown SF and in rush-hour it will be more than that. Apparently he feels that NYC has an overall higher density over a larger area, i.e. they're more equally distributed. Offended? No, they'd just think you're either crazy or taking the mickey. Only the cook would get offended (milk would kill taste). The problem is that, in many cases, busybox is the only program you can actually "see" and hence enforce the license on. Once that disappears, everything behind it becomes technically invisible; so you could use this "piratebox" plus other infringing software, and be safe. It's sad, really. I can see a future where a terminal program or command is embedded in the linux kernel and cannot be removed, only to force companies to stay honest. They can probably file for bankruptcy. The fame they accumulated means they won't have problems borrowing for their future businesses, so a bankruptcy would be a nice way out (obviously after securing their existing assets). IANASwedishL though. That would be the worst response. For the justice system they are now low-profile, minor white-collar thieves, it's all just a bunch of paperwork and bribes, with a bit of lawyering they probably won't even do time. Once they start absconding, they become fugitives and show up on all the wrong radars. Offenses start piling up automatically, and unless they manage to run to Santo Domingo (which would involve more felonies), they will be caught and sent away for years, not months. in Sweden . AFAIK, the EU court still hasn't spoken on this. They'll have to get similar verdicts in all member states, which they may or may not get, and then from the EU, before it's actually effective. As it is, for example, I could see a challenge brought to the EU court on the basis of restriction of trade between Sweden and other member states, as soon as one server is based in, say, Germany or any other member state. It's a long, log way to Tipperary, and this battle is far from over. "Normal" people are getting more and more pissed off; it will take a generation to undo the disasters the Boomers are doing to our world, but it will happen. A site which is 95% dedicated to sharing copyrighted content [citation needed] The Pirate Bay exists to make money for its founders. This is why it has so many intrusive ad's constantly popping up. The Pirate Bay exists to make it possible for people to share content, but bandwidth and infrastructure is not free. The pirate bay is such a target because the people who run it humiliate and insult people with very deep pockets. And? Is it written anywhere that people with deep pockets should not be insulted? If anything, their position of privilege should make them less prone to knee-jerk reactions. They aren't victims, they enjoy the attention. I think you should talk to your analyst about that complex, hating extrovert people is quite the negative attitude. Can you honestly say that the pirate bay isn't dedicated, and almost exclusively used for the distribution of material protected by copyright? Well, we don't know. There might be zillions of long-tail torrents with one seeder and three peers, distributing legal stuff, but I personally don't go around spouting numbers like the parent poster. Furthermore, claiming that the author hates extroverts due to some underlaying psychological issues is really unnecessary. Yup, it was an ad-hominem as much as parent's statement was an ad-hominem ("they enjoy the attention", etc etc). Why is it so hard to have an open, honest, mature discussion about piracy and the pirate bay? Because of the Overton window. Agents on one side (the copyright mafia) lie through their teeth and have access to every propaganda channel and every established power. Internet people always end up on the defensive, and the window is pushed further and further into insanity. For twenty years, us geeks have had open, honest, mature discussions about piracy, both among ourselves and with the copyright mafia, and it has done exactly ZERO amount of good, they are still pushing as hard as in the Napster days; now it's our time to be unreasonable . It's not our responsibility to be reasonable or amenable, we simply build and use the technology and make our requests very clear; the political system will have to work out a "just" balance or compromise of some sort, or criminalize us all and live with the consequences. That law is pretty new and quite untested. Copyright holders were going after "piracy sites" well before TPB -- see Napster, Grokster, Kazaa, etc etc etc. Considering the founders are now facing jail, and they've always been politically active, I'd say they are in it for more than just "money in their pockets". I know, in this day and age, this is hard to believe, but sometimes it's actually true. What has the Pirate Bay done of value over the last decade? I don't know, maybe stuff like founding the only political party that really cares about policies for the internet age? Promoting the free exchange of art, content and ideas on the internet? Sponsoring cultural events across Europe? Oh, but they must be in it for the money, of course. Because risking jail and having very powerful people come after you, while you're developing a free search engine built on a highly redundant architecture designed to bypass censorship attempts, is such an easy way to rake in the millions. I wonder why Zuckerberg didn't think about that. They might not have started a revolution in Tunisia, but they've still done more to change the world of ideas than 95% of the tech companies out there (yeah, my 95% is as bad as your 95%, lol). I won't waste time challenging your half-assed assertions that "there is little doubt that TPB is costing content owners real money by helping people access torrents". That's what the copyright mafia says, whereas an increasingly large amount of research says this is quite a dubious claim at best, and at worst exactly the opposite of what's really happening. If companies like Adobe and Microsoft really hated piracy as much as they say, they'd have stopped long ago to distribute "demo" and "trial" versions which could be easily cracked. Quiet people sit at the back of the bus, while progress is made by unreasonable people; but considering your attitude towards people who "enjoy the attention", I don't doubt that you'll struggle to understand where I'm coming from. I'm surprised it doesn't yet include this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celestial_Emporium_of_Benevolen... I guess this is a list of lists of things who do not belong to the Emperor. EDIT: now realized it's a list of lists of lists. Somebody should create a list of Borges' lists, then, including the aforementioned. And the response to this is... to force the monopolist to keep its prices unnaturally high, hence raking in even more profit and making it even more likely that competition will be squashed, and screwing consumers? Because that's what this judge is arguing, basically: that Google and other mapping companies should "cartel up" and just be fair among themselves, smaller companies (and progress) be damned. From what I understand, when the lawsuit started, the service was free. So the answer to a monopolist commoditizing a market is... to introduce a cartel? Because this is basically what this judgement argues: Google should charge something in line to what its competitors do, and forget about any downward pressure on prices. I'm not a free-market zealot, but this sort of ruling is really bad for small players. Googlers understand the internet and so they make money while lowering prices for consumers, why should we punish them for this? Then we might as well say the copyright mafia is right and the internet should be tightly regulated and controlled by cartels. I'm really, really tired of the line "You have no right to X if Y". That's false; somebody might not recognise your rights, but that doesn't mean you don't have them. I personally believe everyone has a right to move across arbitrary lines written on some map by wealthy people in the past few centuries. I believe it is a natural right for every human being, as much as the right to participate in the organization of your community (e.g. voting), the right not to be unduly harassed without habeas corpus, the right to be treated with dignity etc etc. The fact that some specific law of some specific land recognises some rights and not others does not mean we should resign to the fact that this is how it ought to be. Otherwise, we might as well roll back to theocracy or some other rubbish way of life. That will be their eventual downfall, unfortunately. Life is not a comic book; FBI and friends can withstand humiliation after humiliation, they'll still have their guns, dogs and PATRIOT acts to come after you. Strategically speaking, it would have been much better to just keep listening. Now involved parties will do their best to lock down, and it will be harder for Anons to eavesdrop... but hey, we got some LULz, right? Better: Electricity | Gilbert/Galvani/Volta | Europe Telephone | whoever you believe this week | Europe + USA Computers | VonNeumann / Turing working in USA | Europe + USA Internet | DARPA | USA Web | CERN | Europe Game, set... and match. (it's all a joke, of course. Just be a sport, will you?) "I'm %s and I have to honestly admit: my country has so many stupid political leaders, that I often feel just helpless about it." % countries.get_any() That's usually the case for most Humanities disciplines (history, languages, literature etc), because their overheads are really low and there is an abundance of teaching professionals compared to actual audiences. The opposite is true for "hard" sciences like chemistry, engineering or CS, where expensive laboratory equipment is necessary and where teaching resources are scarce (due to higher private-sector demand). There, courses are expensive, demanding and small in number, so they are usually inaccessible to the layman. The gist of the issue is that a pardon would have opened the legal gates to compensation claims from other victims. Turing was used as a wedge here. Moore et al. kept the industry relevant for more than they should have. VfV and Watchmen are a few of those works that keep selling 20 years later, while 99% of the US comic production is crap and gets forgotten after six months. The market is what it is because there are too few Moores and Ellises and Gaimans , and too many self-referential comic-fans-turned-writers. I have one word for you: websockets. This stuff is going to be baked in your browser very shortly, plugins are yesterday's game. If Cohen can make his stuff work seamlessly with websockets, very interesting things will happen. This. Having worked for a few multinationals, I know that any US-based business is subject to the Patriot Act, no matter where their servers are located. Obviously they could choose to refuse access, if they really want to experience Guantanamo's tropical weather, but chances are that Interpol agreements will find a way to get that data anyway. Also, as soon as data enters your US-based network they can tap it, which makes your hosting arrangements irrelevant as long as you have US-based clients. The only practical difference is whether relevant US authorities can just show up at the facilities and get cracking or not. Besides, it's all pointless anyway; any mainstream business (a category including any mainstream cloud provider) wants to be on the good side of the US government, so they'll bend over backwards at the first occasion. Consumption taxes - specifically if implemented as a VAT, as in Europe - are effectively impossible to dodge Very funny. In fact, VAT is actually the easiest tax-dodge of all: just buy through a business and you can claim VAT relief, getting an effective 20% discount on everything. Say you are a graphic designer with your own Ltd company: you can now buy your Spider-Man DVDs, file them under "research expenses", and get 20% back (or whatever VAT is in your country). There are guidelines on what is acceptable, of course, but they are enforced only to a degree. Where they are strictly enforced, it's exactly because the system itself is otherwise wide open for abuse by individuals. As soon as your business is large enough and diversified enough, abuse cannot realistically be detected -- your 3-people agency will indeed need DVDs for research... and printers, iPhones, vacuum cleaners, dishwashers... most small-firm owners and CEOs never pay VAT, as simple as that. VAT is a tax on fixed-income employees, an incredibly regressive tool. Its popularity is yet another cause of the widening disparity between have and have-nots throughout the continent. Guidelines vary between countries, but when you move from classic trading/manufacturing to services, they simply cannot be applied literally -- i'll need my computer to make software, but i won't sell it over, and i'll get vat relief anyway; and obviously i'll need an ipad or three to test my website, etc. This is why vat auditing is so ruthless: because it's routinely abused by everyone, so the enforcers have to be harsh to maintain a shred of credibility. I'm not saying VAT is bad per se (it's just another tax), only that is a clever way to tax consumption by fixed-income employees in a regressive way, which is really not what you want if you're trying to make the system fairer for, er, those fixed-income employees. Dropping hashtags would be suicide. It's one of the elements that make Twitter unique, and it's even managed to break into mainstream culture in most countries. It doesn't matter that they're full of noise, people just love to tag #somerandomstuff and see it spread (or not), gives them a feeling of belonging, the holy grail of social networks. Us nerds, we won't care one way or the other anyway. Another day of "5-minute Google Hate Sessions"? Google leaves webmasters the freedom to customize and place ads however they want. Physorg.com opted for the scumbag strategy of mixing ads and content, so it's 100% their fault. Plus, the entire waxing lyrical about kids being fed ads for games is simply ignorant: he sees those ads because his advertising profile matches those interests, regardless of the page is looking at in this particular moment. A kid interested in dinosaurs might see ads for plastic dinosaurs or paid trips to natural history museums. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised to learn Facebook has resumed his paid mud-slinging campaign, these days people are clutching at the smallest straws just to badmouth Google. It would be nice if the Economist also recognised a lot of other official statistics from all over the world are routinely faked or "massaged", especially when it comes to inflation and unemployment levels. Some European countries experienced very high inflation rates almost overnight when the common currency was introduced, up to 100% in some areas, but 15 years later official figures are only just starting to recognise that. The definition of unemployment in most countries is basically "tweaked" every time a general election is looming. Hell, even rating agencies have lost faith in most official sources, and are now pulling ratings out of their (probably gold-plated) ass most of the time. The Argentinian government is just guilty of being a bad liar in a sea of very slick liars. And how well they deal with security. I look forward to the day when a malware-distributing webpage can pwn millions of phones without being detected... EDIT: uh, downvotes? When a technology company starts suing on patents, you know it's stopped doing something else: innovating and competing. It's really sad to see Yahoo! becoming the SCO of social networking. "only one in 1,024,434 browsers have the same fingerprint as yours." fairly successful ? eh. "In the Governments eyes, what Kim was doing illegal." Actually, there's "illegal" and there's illegal . New Zealand authorities sent a special anti-terrorism group, armed to the teeth, to arrest one fat Finnish programmer; that is disproportionate to the alleged crime. Was it just to impress their American friends with some random cowboy action, or were NZ authorities briefed that Dotcom was a dangerous terrorist? Extradition treaties have clauses; we'll see if Dotcom's actions do actually fall under those clauses or not. The fact that he's been bailed (and his bail was later upheld against the wishes of US authorities) make me think that it won't be a walk in the park. It might even turn out that some overzealous officer or politician, anxious to appease US counterparts for one reason or another, overstepped his authority and launched an unjustified operation. It would be funny to see them with egg in their face, should the judge throw out the case. Wikipedia says he's got Finnish citizenship as well, and he has not one but two Finnish passport, so hey, majority rule ;) One main difference between Europe and the US is that wealth concentration in America is much, much higher than in Europe. This is one of the main forces behind the VC scene: for a multi-millionaire, throwing a few hundreds here and there to some young gun is nothing, even if you lose them all you'll still have your Porsche and your boat. In Europe, wealth is more distributed, which means that, for many, a bad investment of a few hundred thousand euros can make a real dent in the family fortune. We have less poor people, but less uber-rich people as well, it's a trade-off; it so happens that this trade-off works well with heavy industry but less with the super-dynamic "business at the speed of light" of this new millennium. This is not to say we should cut some slack to the uber-rich (most of them come from aristocratic families and don't deserve to be where they are anyway), but rather that we need to find different, european ways of generating seeding resources for startups, and that's a bit of a bitch. Am I reading it wrong, or he's admitting that he's ripped off the images for his application right from Apple ? That's not exactly legal, in my book... To be honest, rather than taking it out on a 18-year-old messing around for bragging rights, you really should have ripped a new one into the Rails people. They knew of this problem ( two bug reports were filed and closed) and completely dropped the ball. Now, this kid was noisy but harmless, and it did report the bug; someone else might have found the same hole (or read the same bugs) and exploited it silently for weeks. This was really the worst option: you've taught a kid to keep his mouth shut next time he finds a hole. It will be much safer for him to sell it on the black market for a quick buck. I'm no Rails expert, but I tend to like the OpenBSD philosophy: if you ship with default options that are known to be insecure, you have a security bug. I know security is always a trade-off, but when your largest and most famous testimonials, with all their mad skillz and street cred, still manage to get it so spectacularly wrong, it's clear that the core engine is as guilty as any other component. Exactly. There are some well-paying niches where a "polyglot programmer" will be required, e.g. C++/Python, Ruby/Javascript... knowing only part of the required combo will likely not get you the job or curtail your remuneration. A career-minded person could just expand his core competencies in order to nail those niches. Not everyone enjoys hacking LISP in their spare time, but expanding your horizons is the right thing to do if you care about your job prospects. If you write for the embedded market at a low level, pick up something higher in the stack; if you only dabble in high-level languages, try looking under the hood; if you specialize in particular technologies (e.g. C#/.net), look at their complementary stuff (e.g. javascript, powershell, or even Java interop and VC++). Also, "learning a language" could just be "learn a big framework / toolset". For example, if you know Python, you might want to pick up Django, or a GUI framework like Qt, even if they are outside the boundaries of what you need at work: they tend to have their own programming style and quirks, so they can be key technologies to bring you new opportunities. Java has boatloads of big frameworks, chances are that you don't know all of them. Ruby people tend to live all the time in their Rails ghetto, but there's a world of libraries outside that. And so on and so on. I was actually surprised it came out, they had some teasers on Reddit a few days ago and I thought Nintendo laywers would have showed up by now. Copying game mechanics is not a big deal, but reusing trademarked and copyrighted sprites (of the main franchise from one of the richest companies on the planet!) is a bit too much. Careful: democracy is not about majority, but rather (literally) "government by the people"; there is quite a difference. There are various types of "majority", and all of them fail at fully representing "the people" as a whole, unless it's a 100% majority where nobody abstains (and even then, one would have to argue about who was allowed to vote and how). This is why any robust democratic system will have, on some subjects, "qualified" majorities (where the threshold is set much higher than 51%, or abstained votes are counted against, etc etc) or "relative" majorities (where the most popular option wins, even when it doesn't represent at least 50% of the votes) as well as the "simple" majority (usually 50% + 1 or 51% of the expressed votes). They're different ways of really interpreting "the will of the people" on different subjects. A proper democratic system recognises the importance of respecting minorities and the volatility (and gullibility) of popular sentiment, and safeguards itself against wrong decisions. Many fascist governments were democratically elected and survived re-election, but they were not democratic in nature. If the majority of synapses in your brain should decide tomorrow that shooting yourself in the foot is a good idea, despite "a small but vocal minority opposed to the plan" (i.e. your foot), that doesn't mean that it'd be in your real interest to do so. In reality, "a customer" is whoever pays the most money for something you are selling. In the modern world, this would be corporations and rich individuals, not "the people". The rest is left as an exercise to the reader. > If this were true, corporations and rich individuals would own everything. They don't. Uh, there is very little they don't own or control, to be honest. Even if they didn't, assuming the current trend of privatizing even the most essential services continues, it will be the case in just a couple of decades. > Are you having trouble buying groceries because corporations and rich individuals have snapped them all up? Am I having trouble buying some groceries, because rich people have pushed prices so high, or in some cases because corporations buy all of them in order to resell them in a different, more expensive form? Why, yes. But I digress. > In a true free market, if there are no such customers--because what you're selling isn't worth enough to any of them to pay a price you are willing to accept--then you go out of business. Do you seriously think a service like TSA is not useful to any corporation? Like franchise shops in airport lounges selling bottles of water at three times the market price... Also, your reasoning completely ignores forces, like advertising, which are used to create artificial demand. They would still exist in a free market, probably even more so (because competition would be even harder). > That principle would apply just as well to services like law enforcement, if they were provided in a true free market. Rich people would enjoy premium protection at premium prices, and poor people would receive little or no protection because they cannot afford more. Wouldn't that be fun, eh? Reminds me of the US healthcare market, that other miracle of the Free Market. This split between "democracy" and "constitutional republic" is something being pushed more and more, but it's really a fantasy peddled by some US-based politicos with vested interests in devaluing the concept of democracy and making you accept the fact that you should be happy without it. A "constitutional republic" is something defined by a set of laws with certain specific elements in common: having a constitution and being a republic (which is also quite a loose term, used to define "anything that is not a monarchy" -- Iran is also a constitutional republic, for example, albeit a theocratic one). A "democracy" is not a comparable entity. Can you please point out any country who defines itself, in official terms, as a "Democracy"? Even classic Athens didn't call itself such a thing. This is because democracy is not a set of laws: it's a declaration of principles, an abstract utopia of where your laws should come from (i.e. "the people"), traditionally associated with some sort of voting system. On the formal level, there is no clear definition of a complete form of government called a "democracy"; it's commonly assumed such a thing involves some sort of voting rights (better if universal), but that's about it. The term is used to indicate the utopic state where government is carried out "by the people" in its totality. There has been no such perfect government throughout history and probably there never will be, but it's an utopia from which real forms of government can find justification and inspiration. You can compare a "constitutional republic" to a "constitutional monarchy" or an "absolute monarchy": they are all specific forms of government with very specific common formal traits. A "democracy" is a completely different concept. You live in a constitutional republic based on democratic principles, i.e. a democracy... albeit a flawed one, like all of them are. You should strive to make your republic as genuinely democratic as possible, not renounce your rights "because after all we've never been a democracy". One of the best Italian artists of all time, Giorgio Gaber, said once that "Democracy is Participation", or "taking part". Check the number of active voters in the US at most levels: it's depressingly low. Low participation means less democracy, it's as simple as that. Most people thought it would have been impossible for a black man to be President of the United States of America, but for once "the people" thought differently, you got the highest turnout ever for a presidential race, and lo and behold, change happened (at least for that particular thing). Try to imagine how things would change if you could add another 10 or 20% to that 63% who elected a black President. Now repeat that at any level: Congress, State, City, even school board. All of a sudden you have a decisive element that can change majorities and express real power. The problem, of course, is that "taking part takes time". Politics is a very slow game, and most people have a life outside of politics, so they drop out (me included). Even voting every few years is a problem, if you can't afford to take a day off; most European countries recognize that, and vote over the weekend. I find the US stance on this incredibly maddening, and clearly a legacy from the dark times of slavery and "gentlemen" landowners who didn't have to work for a living. The problem, going forward, is how to give people the opportunity to take part more and more, while minimizing the time they have to spend in order to do so. One of them is having a good set of impartial media who can summarize honest arguments in a faithful way, providing different levels of analysis that don't contradict themselves. Another one might be some sort of collaborative service where people can contribute to the work of their representatives. Another might be a way of making representatives more accountable and in tune to the wishes of their electorate. And so on and so on... but nothing of this can happen unless we take part and move our ass, so to speak. As much as this stance could be considered admirable, it opens them up to a possible loss of trademark the first time they try to sue a commercial game. Regardless of what they were trying to do, the founding fathers created a democratic system -- who is "we the people", if not literally the "demos" ? Are laws not written in an assembly by majority vote? Are you not electing representatives by majority vote? And this has always been the case in the US system. See my other post here about the different types of majority and how they can represent different things and/or failing at representing the will of the demos. The fact that the founding fathers were trying to avoid the worst elements of democracy doesn't mean they didn't want a democracy at all; if that was the case, they'd have just nominated a new King and be done with it. No, they were establishing a government by "we the people", which is the exact definition of a democracy. Whether or not they misused the term to indicate the "tyranny of majority", which is a separate concept, does not mean that we should keep misusing it in modern scientific and political debate. People die because they cannot afford insurance. Some people will never be able to afford any insurance because the price they can pay will always be zero . Thinking everything in life can be self-regulated by market forces is madness. What next, should we buy and sell the right to vote? The right to pray? Why not the right of property itself? Or the right to live? You start from the assumption that it's in anybody's interest that these machines do actually work. It isn't. The real interest is for well-connected companies to sell equipment; for the approving bureaucrat to get his kickback while not being seen as abusing his position; and for the low-level unskilled TSA employee to keep quiet and keep cashing his salary. The suggestion you give would mean the above-mentioned bureaucrat should spend additional money (which would require a lengthy fight with his superiors in order to get additional budget, possibly even triggering a review of previous expenditure) in order to push his underlings to point out flaws in the equipment he bought, so that... he can be made a fool of ? So you see why it isn't going to happen any time soon. Their "20 layers of security" reminds me of your usual "7 proxies" and "over 9000": meaningless over-the-top numbers with no relationship with reality. That won't help Apple users though -- OP points out that the map data is stale (possibly two years old). It suggests there was a one-off dump at some point which was then used to build the service. The UK NHS has its own peculiarities: my (Italian) mother says they're a bunch of penny-pinchers who will not do even the smallest procedure unless it's extremely and absolutely necessary. Compared to the italian system (which is almost free -- there are very small fixed charges for each procedure, they vary at the regional level and many are exempted anyway), they are quite parsimonious. In any case, most European systems are also universal and free or almost-free. You don't need to be an advocate for the all-free-all-the-time approach to see that US people are being ripped off. A cynic would say that's by design. Law enforcement does have a choice, because their resources are finite. The cynic in me would say that, when choosing between having to deal with dangerous criminals or raiding a bunch of white-collar nerds, it's easy to see which one is the most appealing. Servers don't shoot back. The problem with all this stuff is always the same: it's incredibly, utterly, mind-numbingly boring, which is why even rockstar developers (who are the ones who will get all the credit for the project anyway, and who have the famous sky-high productivity that Spolsky measures in multipliers) can't be bothered to do it. And I say that after having done some of it here and there. If your dependencies already support 3.x, at least in some svn/git trunk publicly available, there is no reason for sticking with 2.x. I think the minute Django supports Python 3, we'll see the level of whining drop to almost zero. That's so idiotic, I can't believe it might be the consensus on the python lists. It's exactly the right approach if you want to keep everyone on python 2 forever. Linux developers and sysadmins are lazy by default (with good reasons: they have a lot to do). To make them get off their arses, you have to switch defaults and scream loudly when stuff breaks, otherwise they'll never bother. If the problem is that it will break package xyz that is so old and completely unmaintained that nobody can fix it, well, it's a good reason to drop a zombie package. If your code depends on a zombie package, things would have broken down sooner or later anyway. I don't think Python community ~ Django community; I do believe the loudest elements in any geek community are, invariably, web developers, who (unsurprisingly) are over-represented on the web. Once you satisfy them, the level of noise on any given subject drops considerably. At the moment, they are pissed off that Django is not moving as fast as the language, so they whine that "nobody is moving to Python 3". As soon as that's fixed, the noise will drop. Same for the numpy/scipy community, which is the other big one for Python. Lots of academic people there, who have a lot of spare time to bitch on the web. Which part of the ecosystem is holding you back then? When the extradition process is started, it is because the relevant authorities have already decided the individual is guilty. Otherwise, they would not bother spending so much time and effort trying to apprehend him. Juries are invariably biased against foreigners, so the chances of an acquittal are basically zero. IANAL, but from what I understand, a consumer is not guilty of watching illegally-duplicated media; it is whoever makes the content available who is breaking the law. So ISPs would only have to stop people uploading content. This is relatively easy for P2P and streaming sites, but I don't see how you could ever hope to police "file lockers" like MegaVideo; users would just upload encrypted files (even just password-protected zip files) and distribute the password. If it starts to be a cat-and-mouse game, I expect offshore filelockers will start providing privacy-protecting features for uploaders, coupled with a lot of fun and games with DNS records. Way too small, requires a fidgety external keyboard... tablets don't look good for general office use, especially when compared to ultrabooks -- the real future of office computing IMHO. Why should I waste my time attaching/detaching/packing a tablet and an external keyboard, when I can just close the screen and be on my way? And all this trouble just to get... a screen smaller than 20-year-old monitors? Most office people don't care about screen resolution; if I had a penny for every monitor I've seen running at resolutions much lower than what the hardware could deal with, I'd be closing in on Warren Buffett. They want BIG LETTERS and LOTS OF SPACE, and don't care how it's achieved. Tablets are good for certain use-cases, but when it comes to typing to save your life (i.e. your business), they are simply not a match and will likely never be. Couple that with the small screen real estate (spreadsheets these days are enormous ), and you see how the iPad can be taken seriously only by the detached upper echelons who play golf all day. The rank-and-file will keep asking for (lighter) laptops forever more. > the only time I've ever seen her use the computer was for word processing and creating presentations. "Office" kind of stuff. i.e. for work . Laptops/PCs are for working, tablets are for playing -> little more than expensive toys, in the same way your TV was. Are tablets replacing TVs? Abso fucking lutely. Are tablets replacing work laptops? Not a chance. He facebooks his twitter buddies. Visual programming has been around since the 70s and has never really taken off because it requires lots of screen real estate . The conciseness and semantic density of text will never be beaten. You don't discuss philosophy with flowcharts; why should you code that way? Ultrabooks are MacBookAir-like laptops. Technically the term is an Intel trademark, but it's a widely-accepted synonym for "very thin and light laptop with extra battery life and no optical-disc bay". As soon as they start to get over the 11-to-13'' form factor (and lower in price), they're going to replace the current generation of work laptops. They'll get thinner and thinner; as batteries and bluetooth-like technologies improve, sooner or later they'll even lose USB ports, and you'll be left with a device that is literally a screen and a keyboard. Some models will have a detachable tablet screen, no doubt, but the heavy lifting will still be done with a real keyboard. Actually, women always get dressed with men in mind; it's just that it's so ingrained, they don't really think about it. Their concept of "looking good" is shaped by magazines and tv shows (still much more so that men, on average); and if you look at your average magazine, you'll see oozes of sex emanating from advertising and content. The concept of "looking good" in western society is equivalent to "looking sexy/desiderable to the opposite sex". Why would women's skirts emphasize one's ass otherwise? When in a suit/tailleur (pardon me, I'm not a tailor), it's among the most professional attires a woman can wear, and it's been sexualized to high heaven. Why? Because it makes women feel powerful. And why do they feel powerful? Because they can attract men, and that's what society tells them their power should be. So whoever tells herself that she wants to look good "to feel better" is, unconsciously, accepting sexism in society almost as much as one who'd crack a joke about it; she's just doing at a much deeper level, one which women still refuse to deal with (it would mean dropping the whole "fashion" industry like a hot potato). But who's putting all this pressure on women? As a professional geek, I couldn't care less what my colleagues are wearing -- male or female alike. At my previous job, most managers (including mine) were women; do you think they were judging their "badly-dressed" female subordinates more harshly than their male subordinates? If yes, why would they do that, knowing all too well how hard it is to strike that "perfect middle ground"? Most of this pressure is self-inflicted. These problems won't go away until women stop listening to the idiotic fashion industry; if they don't, it's because their issues are less rational than they make them out to be. When I say fashion, I include all the press and showbiz world that live on selling beauty products, clothes and the like. "High" fashion is a tiny niche: Conde'-Nast is the mainstream; advertising companies are the mainstream; Hollywood is the mainstream. And they sell primarily sex; they sell it to me as a male but they sell it even more to you as a woman. Compare the ads you find on men-oriented magazines: they sell big cars, big watches, gizmos and Of course, because other women are competition . Or would you be so happy to meet three friends with the same exact dress, at some social occasion with other people in formal wear? Most males would love nothing better than to wear exactly what everybody else is. Maybe because tracking down the address for a Jesse W. in SanFrancisco isn't that hard (you just need the right website), and after that... Somebody already pointed out that a "Burglar Me Please" app would be banal to write: you just walk along SF, and the app will tell you which owner is home and which is away, and how far s/he is; correlate with Facebook (is he married? is he so young he might be sharing his flat?) and you get a list of easy targets in the area. It's not only about where you are , it's also about where you are not at any given time. Effects are a function of time. The war on piracy is only now hitting its stride; the war on drugs started more than 40 years ago. Given the same amount of time, i can see WoP resulting in mass convictions, ruined families and a black market, which inevitably brings escalating violence in the long run. We didn't have Mexican cartel wars in the 60s either. He's actually a poster-boy for the limits of tech: despite all his whiz-bang technowizardry, he's a crap, overrated manager. What little he won, he bought it with millions and an incredible stroke of luck in one Istanbul night. His Liverpool was terrible but had a few charismatic players at the absolute top of their game. No wonder Benitez lasted only a few months in his next high-flying job (although to be honest, it would have been a poison chalice for almost any manager). I predict he will keep doing badly as long as he insists in being a coach. His skills in tech do not compensate for his evident lack of footballing knowledge. Two of those trophies were single-match competitions (2010) which are little more than friendlies: one is played at the very beginning of the season, and the other after a brutal flight to Japan (and with no pressure whatsoever: nobody cares for that particular trophy, it's just a commercial opportunity for Asian markets). At Liverpool, considering the money spent, he underachieved every year except the very first season (which, as I said, was really blind luck, and again it was a team he did not even build). He benefited from a situation where he basically had to compete with only three other clubs in the EPL, and still never managed to win a league; except for La Liga (which is really a minor league when compared to the EPL or the Italian Serie A), his victories always came from cups, where luck has a much larger role than his vaunted statistical and managerial skills. His football was terrible to watch. The more he asked for total control, and the more he would get it, the worst it got; a pattern he started in Valencia and also repeated at Inter. His successors were even worse but they also got much less money to spend, thanks to all the money he did not leave in the coffers. His only real achievements were with Valencia, a project he did not start. I wouldn't hire Rafa Benitez to manage a fourth-rated club, let alone a top-flight property, and I must not be the only one to think that if he's still unemployed after more than a year. Was that ironic? Our "long tradition" is stretching for a whopping 65 years, not exactly like the century-plus example our American friends can vaunt. There is an easy answer to such (real or perceived) attention-whoring: folding. I should be able to collapse the entire thread related to michaelochurch, and quickly move on. Web boards: reinventing Usenet every 3 years since 1996. Oh, they sleep quite well: it's nice work, if you can get it. The workload is incredibly low, and the hardest task is to find something new to do this year at the Christmas party. Because of huge legal responsibilities nobody will actually pay attention to, the salary is fairly good as well. Since the policies you enact are all drawn in accordance with (and full knowledge by) upper management, you can't be held personally accountable of anything anyway, so when/if shit hits the fan, the company will cover you with all the power of their legal team. The rest is all corporate doublespeak, not unlike what you'll experience in any other managerial job. I bet you met at least one direct superior, in your life, who told you he was on your side vs the company/upper management; chances are that he was being as honest as any HR personnel will ever be. This was a 14-year-old. Any modern LSL game would be rated 18+. I'm not saying media influence isn't real (heck, I don't think i've ever wanted a big house until I watched Desperate Housewives), but that it can and should be managed to a degree. Oh come on, how could you ever be shocked by what is commonly known as "the oldest profession"? I'm not saying it's a nice job, but neither it is fixing sewage pipes. You should be shocked that pimps exist, maybe, but then again their role is quite natural and I'm sure some of them are quite the professional. The massive amount of abuse surrounding the "industry" is a problem, but it's hardly the only industry where management can abuse the workforce. I wish the dust storm was about the top rate of income tax! At least we could have enjoyed a few minutes of "sane" class hatred. No, the real topic for media reporters was a tax on pasties (which is not even a real tax, but rather a realignment of some food categories in the tax system). > Perhaps for those industries patents are a better fit and more standard practice. Pharma industries live and die on patents, today, and in the UK they are over-represented in any lobbying effort on the subject. Most politicians don't know/care about software patents, but they will have been lobbied by the likes of AstraZeneca and they will write legislation with that sector in mind, mostly. Oh, I'm sure Eton will still take care of that like they've done in the past. Jokes aside, it's a fact that politicians cannot look further than the next round of elections. This is even more so for this particular government, which will likely be wiped out the map in large parts of the country as soon as people get the chance to vote. So they're trying to boost numbers in the short term, because in the long run they won't be in power anyway. The funniest thing is that it's not even working: we're now officially back into recession, and as much as I love startupping, I don't think we can go from here to Silicon-Valley status in 6 months -- because that's the sort of scale the UK economy needs right now to compensate for the rest of the economy tanking. Smashing! Using it now, works quite well. One comment: the triangle gets a bit confused with the upvote/downvote buttons. Maybe it'd be clearer if it was something like [-] / [+]... it would also enlarge the clickable area a bit, probably. > The advantage this system has over debit is that the terminal does not need to have a network connection. In a couple of years even your underwear is going to be online, so this is really a non-feature. I think there's a better chance that retailers will move closer to the supply chain. Amazon doesn't really need to be based in the US, after all, and being closer to producers could have positive effects ( no uncertainty on release dates etc). So it's basically just a specialized design agency. Do you really want to work for a company that uses automated resume parsers? I would understand if they asked for one of the various specialized XML dialects out there (HR-XML, XMLResume etc), but in my (limited) experience, nobody does. You forget: 3. Monetizing through shady data-reselling channels. Who cares if your data is not 100% correct because the occasional smart nerd will use a throwaway email? Somebody somewhere will pay something for the database and empirically prune it later on their own. Especially for "free" services without a clear monetization path, that must be a strong temptation. Damn, you're so right. This sort of data gathering is boring and nobody wants (or has time) to spend time trying to refine it; frameworks try to automate/simplify this sort of development task as much as possible, but that's not their core mission, and we can't all use the same language/framework anyway. A simple service that works well and packs lots of intelligence (properly auto-defaulting address info, handling shipping/billing/company details, including VAT, automatically linking social networks where possible, etc) must be worth something. Tangentially, has anyone seen the actual hard data produced by recaptcha? It's hard to say whether it's effective or not, without looking at actual numbers (i.e. ratio of correct results, average results per image etc etc). More like "I don't even have a phone". Internet is bidirectional, a TV is just a receiver . The difference is huge. I do live without a TV quite happily, but I could never live without at least one bidirectional medium. It would mean returning to XIX-century communication methods, which were way too time-expensive for modern life; for example, I'd have to get dressed and leave the house every time I want to communicate, find a shared communication device (public phone, post office, etc) and then have to put up with contention issues and delays (wait for my turn, get a bad line etc) on which I have no control. OP does that -- he's relying on shared wifi at his coffee shop. Which means he's putting up with slow speed and the impossibility to download large chunks of data -- unless he's being a dick or his coffeeshop is run by Cisco, he won't be able to get that 600mb Linux distro or those 6 Gb of Oracle installers, ever. And the day someone decides to be a dick, good luck downloading your email while the pipe is saturated by Mr. Streetpirate uploading HD movies from the safety of an anonymous IP. He might be happy with that, I don't doubt it, but his lifestyle is not for everyone. They also have plenty of C++ and Python. Small projects will always be allowed to run whatever language they fancy, but the largest and most critical codebases at Google are definitely in java, c++ and python. I wish. As mainstream as it got, it's way less deployed than java (which is used for literally everything, including mobile development), PHP, C/C++, Perl and even Ruby. It's starting to be fairly ubiquitous, thanks to hacks like jython and ironpython, but it's nowhere near being considered the "clear favourite" for anything. Raw power comes with a price: the learning curve for building classic FF addons is steep and confused. You didn't say "the favorite hacker dynamic language" though :) I'm a huge Python fan, but I'm also a realist: the Python ecosystem (in terms of vendors, products, customers and professionals involved, as well as libraries and tools) is nowhere near the mainstream Java/C++/whatever-Microsoft-is-pushing-this-year. Python is not the language of choice on any mobile platform, for example; it barely registers in the humongous "enterprise" space; SDKs for most hardware devices (or anything else, really) will usually list Python as the third or fourth choice, if at all. It's doing reasonably well in scripting, automation, Linux administration, 3D and web, but that's a far cry from being a clear favorite for "general-purpose programming". I agree that point 3 is still a very big omission. They must be trying hard to merge this "Group" feature into their Circles metaphor, and failing for some reason or other. I personally can't see how hard it could be to add special Circles which are shared by multiple people but managed by only a specific few, but I don't know anyone at Google working on G+. Not just that, but customizing the filtering tabs -- I get very rare G+ posts from my family, but still that tab lingers there, useless, while I'm forced to constantly peruse the drop-down to the right because oh no you can't add more than one custom circle to your tabs . Seriously, wtf. I agree with the Clippy thing, but... I do believe that, whenever somebody responds to software criticism with "he's doing it wrong!", it means the software failed to interface with its human masters in a good way. I thought this was the main lesson "Saint Steve" taught us: the software should be designed to minimize the incidence of "user wrongness", while still allowing for high productivity. Unfortunately, despite years of efforts, Office still cannot quite understand what a user wants to do. Copy & Paste is typical -- yes, it's an OS problem, because the clipboard tries very hard to copy the content as faithfully as possible, but how hard is it to have "right click -> Copy As PlainText"? Office 2010 still doesn't ship with such a feature, and it's been a problem from the '90s! Also, on the doc/docx thing, the author was probably going on memory: when docx first shipped as default format, those compatibility hacks (which is what they are -- hacks) weren't there. Pushing new formats to force people to upgrade is the true & tested MS strategy to sell Office, after all. Thanks, nice one! It's a huge design failure anyway: editing circles has nothing to do with looking at the timeline. As crazygringo said, the problem is copying from Office into textboxes. Any developer who's ever worked on a web-based CMS will tell you how painful it is to have to deal with people pasting walls of text from Word. (And btw, I do use Office 2010 every day of my cursed life...) It's a testament to your faith that you didn't send out the resume in PDF. You don't know which fonts they have, which default template or crazy macro they have, or any of the other umpteen ways Word can break your carefully-crafted layout when opening the file on a different pc... The self-driving car will still need energy to run. Suburbs are built on the principle that energy is cheap. That is no longer the case. As long as defaults are "honest" (i.e. not pre-selecting extras), sure. It's a balance though: it gets really tiring to go through pages and pages of upsell attempts whenever I buy a computer from certain vendors. The real trick, I think, is to take some of the minor elements people would expect without really thinking about it, and turn them into explicit extras. It devalues the base price a little, but the gains are worth it in many cases (like here). He's not playing golf all day: he did design and commission the scheduling system he now operates, and provides ongoing advertisement and management. From what he says, it looks like he gets $40 to $60 per job, whereas cleaners get $15 to $30 per job -- they work in team, so it's $30 to $60 in total (it's all pre-tax, from what I understand). Not a terrible arrangement, to be honest, especially in the Land Of The Free From Socialism; apparently this is much more than what they used to make when a big company exploited them. I do agree however that the IRS will kick the shit out of him if he doesn't switch to proper employment asap, and that's how it should be: it's all fun and games when things go well, but when hard times come (and they will come) the workers should get some protection. > the presumption by determining authorities seems to be in the 'employee' direction Note that this is not done on a whim: these laws and interpretations were introduced because employers were systematically exploiting workers, hiring them as contractors just to work around their established rights. And it works both ways, really: having a clearer set of rules reduces the risk for costly litigation when something happens. Sellaband.com has been doing that since 2006. For the record, most artists, including winners (I personally know one of them), say it's a double-edged sword: it gives you exposure, money and a foot in the biz, but in the end it's all about marketing and getting viral rather than concentrating on making music. Just add features incrementally, you don't have to go for broke straight away. I'd start with small ones that can give you an easy return (marketplace etc), then see how it goes. You're lucky: at the moment the market for "social network for musicians" is wide open, thanks to the demise of MySpace and the fact that Facebook doesn't seem to mind that space. The more this goes on, the more I'm flabbergasted at the incompetency of the Oracle legal team. I'm sure there are 99 ways to nail Google using Sun/Oracle IP, but the one they picked clearly ain't one. If things keep going like this, it might actually be the first time in quite a few years that Ellison ends up losing a court case. Personally I've found their price for Personal licenses to be very low -- in the Python world, ActiveState Komodo is $295, Wing IDE is $245, BlackAdder is the only one under $100 and it looks quite "underpowered" when compared to PyCharm. Regardless, they have promotions running for long periods, so it's easy to start with a trial and then pick up a real license when the price is lower -- the last one ended on 16 April and was 30% off, I got mine last September and it was 50% off. In general, for software like for everything else, prices reflect what the market will bear. We are willing to pay more, clearly. It's slightly embittering that in this case they cannot bring the usual "import taxes" justification, since they're based in Czech Republic. I used to prefer tabs (less bytes, better abstraction etc), but I've long given up on it. Most tools are not smart enough to switch mode when required, and reformatting entire files every time you want to make a small change on somebody else's code is a real pain (and dangerous). Community consensus is 4-spaces and that's it. That's a classic Python gotcha, mentioned in all books and tutorials nowadays. Guess who did the same thing? Sun and Oracle. Did Sun steal Java too? A general point: Sun (Oracle is another matter, but we can safely assume they won't prosecute themselves) could "steal" Java as much as they wanted, because you cannot infringe your own copyright. Copyright doesn't forbid actions per se (i.e. "any copying") but it does forbid specific individuals from performing those actions (i.e. unauthorized third-parties). So, assuming the JVM was subject to copyright or patents (which is more or less what they're debating in court at the moment), Sun employees could have reimplemented it a million times, either privately or publicly, but this would not have granted anyone else the right to do the same. Besides, your statement that "at no point did [Google] claim that Android was Java" is debatable -- most developers approach Android with the belief that "it's basically Java with some peculiarities", and this was a large factor in its successful efforts to recruit independent developers. Whether this "implying" was lawful or not, it's for the tribunal to decide. One major gotcha they're still working on is PyQt support -- their introspection techniques tend to break very often when dealing with it, which results in a lot of unnecessary warnings and word-completion being spotty. I understand their main target market is web-developers (Django and GAE support looks good, now virtualenv is also dealt with in the proper way), but that's a niche that has been crying out loud for good tools for ages (ERIC is weak, sorry). The trend is undeniable, but there's some selection bias in your post: people with Macs do tend to flaunt them around, especially at geek gatherings where you find a lot of contractors/independent/superstar/fashion-victim developers who have a say in the hardware they use. You don't see the thousands of corporate developers with work-issued laptops nor the academic working on "big rigs"; they're not all uber-hackers but they're not all shit either. Apple adoption is also lower in Europe due to higher prices compared to NA and Japan. Last few times I've been to (Euro) Python conventions, I was actually surprised to see a lot of really skilled guys doing real computation (3d, molecular modelling etc) while happily running Windows on their laptops. If RSS didn't take off, it cannot be ascribed to malice from browser makers: even Microsoft at one point backed it right into Windows , they still support it in IE9, there is a component everyone can access that will deal with scheduled retrieval for you, so you could write an awesome windows-based feedreader tomorrow. Mozilla gave it a chance, half-heartedly (their implementation was terrible). Google didn't push it into Chrome, but they built the de-facto "Definitive Feed Aggregator" and supported it widely. Even standard-hating Apple built it into iTunes. The truth is that RSS was a cool technology searching for a reason to exist. It managed to find it on occasions (podcasting is still alive, twitter basically used RSS as the "first draft" for their service, etc) but not in the big way most geeks thought it would. Commercial and user interests did not align with a vision of complete openness where standardized feeds get pushed from machine to machine, moving free and public content everywhere. Also, most services found the format to be a straight-jacket, and once you start adding custom namespaces, you might as well just use your own format. It fit well only for periodically-updated news/blog sites, which is what it was built for. And its worst sin is that it's fundamentally a one-way technology, a broadcasting tool, not a bi-directional tool. Social tools can be built on top of it, but at that point it becomes just another messaging format, and not particularly efficient either. RSS will survive in some form (like RDF, remember that?) but will never gain widespread popularity, unless it's somehow reinvented in a way that will align with the interests of big commercial players and/or large number of users -- something we failed to do in the last 10+ years. Thanks for the suggestion, I liked the philosophy behind Fever so much, I've just bought it (despite the crazy requirements). Might get me hooked on RSS again, who knows. After you log them on, you can set a cookie for session management (it's allowed) and use that to remember a preference stored in your db (which you can get by default on registration). If you can't log them on, well... I guess you should try to guess their country, and if it's UK, you don't track. This is another case of well-intentioned but probably unenforceable legislation by our detached European elites. Translation: we don't want to sue you, this law is to go after Facebook and Google. The compatibility efforts on the API are exactly what the trial is currently about. Oracle says they violate their IP rights; Google says they don't. We'll see how it goes. No conspiracy intended! I know this started as the result of some-scaremongering-or-other on the Continent, as usual. What I'm saying is that it's clear to everyone involved that the authorities (EU or UK or whatever) will never be able to enforce this law except for the largest targets, in the same way as they'll never go after anyone coupling their OS and browser except if it's as big as Microsoft. I'm not disagreeing with you, but you might want to reword this post. The internet doesn't forget, and you never know when some old post might be used against you. How so? From what I understand, these regulations make the Like button illegal -- I believe that was the main target of this legislation, together with similar efforts from Google aimed at tracking users across websites. His point was that in the Bible Belt there are probably other (religious) priorities when it comes to curriculum. I wonder how hard would it be to do it "the other way round", i.e. embed it into eclipse... I don't agree; a lot of those people with lots of data are not necessarily going to be technical enough to, say, jailbreak an iPhone and install pirated apps, so it could work as a iOS app. Or it could be implemented by cloud-enabled OSes with different revenue models (desktop Linux, Android, etc). The distribution bit is fairly irrelevant -- yes, you have different packages and filesystem standards, but those are trivial and have mostly been solved. The real problem for Linux games is platform fragmentation: every distribution has a specific set of libraries running with a specific set of kernels, they change very quickly, everyone can compile them with whatever flag they feel like... Anyone distributing binary blobs is going to hurt in support terms, or make customers hurt trying to solve library riddles. Just look at how painful it is to try run an old Loki game on a new distro release. All this supposed stability doesn't seem to be reflected in a growing number of desktop products for Linux, not even ones that don't require a specific "download infrastructure" like recent games (which is really just a way of enforcing DRM, something that might not even be possible in the Linux world), so I'm really not convinced the main obstacle to commercial Linux development for the desktop is the distribution channel. I think the bottom line is the opportunity price, and it's still way too high for Linux overall -- it's harder to support, harder to develop against, brings a several-orders-of-magnitude-smaller userbase who mostly resents having to pay for software... easy deployment won't change that figure very much, IMHO, but I'd be more than happy to be proven wrong. It's a very bold concept, but without buy-in from at least one major browser (i.e. not Opera) it has no chance to ever become mainstream. Browser plugins are where interesting technologies go to die. > One unexplicable point remains in the data and that is the presence of 18 Democrats in the Republican group of the 108th Congress. Dude, check the dates. Two words: Iraq invasion. Those three all voted to invade Iraq. There were probably a number of related votes for logistical and budgetary arrangements to start that operation. Which ones? All the ones I click seem to be in favour :) Regardless, they might have voted against the operation but then voted for various smaller bills "supporting the troops", which is an entirely reasonable position. It's not Perl. I recently had a conversation with a friend who didn't like me using "if myvar == 0:" or "if myvar is 0:" in python code rather than "if myvar:". Call me paranoid, but i like to be as explicit as possible in my checks, you never know when magic conversion tricks (which are often platform- or implementation-dependant) will end up biting you in the ass. I agree, but it's still more explicit in terms of what process is used to evaluate the content of myvar and what it should match, especially in a context where you're expecting a numeric value rather than a boolean. Touchscreen smartphones were selling fairly poorly. OSX was a niche product. Then they were combined, and the iPhone was born. After Jobs' comeback, Apple has been incredibly successfully at refining concept products that weren't selling well and bringing them to the mainstream. They'll eventually do the same with tablet/laptop hybrids, I'm pretty sure about that. A 15" MBA is attractive even to a longtime PC user like me; a 15" iPad/MBA hybrid? I'd order five tomorrow. Yes child, check this out: http://lateral.netmanagers.com.ar/weblog/posts/BB979.html , in particular my comment from two months ago. http://lateral.netmanagers.com.ar/weblog/posts/BB979.html#co... and see where I'm coming from. You could have two completely separate interfaces for the two modes, or even two different screens; these are design details, I was talking about hardware integration at the conceptual level, i.e. an object that is a real laptop when you want it to be so, and a real tablet when you want it to be so. I say that's eminently feasible, and I consider products like the Transformer Prime as first attempts at a concept that will eventually emerge. The point about Apple not doing hybrids is simply short-sighted, btw; isn't the iPhone a "compromise" between a computer and a phone? Isn't the iMac a "compromise" between a monitor and a case? And that's exactly why these products are successful: because they give you the best of both worlds in one single physical object. If/when they fail to do that, they end up giving you the worst instead, which is what you mention, but that's not a necessary outcome for all hybrid efforts. Welfare and healthcare (which are really interconnected efforts, or should be) are not just "redistribution from the young to the old", and that's 30% of your graph right there. Countries without these sort of provisions tend to be... "unstable" at best. You can argue the US military gets too much money, sure, but looking at cultural and voting patterns, I really don't think that's why people don't like to pay taxes. Obviously public money has to be spent in good ways, but let's not misrepresent all government being about "military and pensions". I agree with some of your points, but the last round of ridiculous checks at airports was pushed by American and British governments. Other countries were more than happy to lap it up, sure, but even the ones who would now like to scale back efforts, cannot effectively do that, because US authorities would screw them hard. Part of the US competitive advantage during the XX century was a first-class air transportation network which was fast and flexible, spreading commerce and culture quickly and cheaply across a whole continent. As you noticed, now it's pretty much on par with what you'll find in that mess of balcanized frontiers and bureaucracy that is our beloved Europe. For them, it's a huge step back. The problem with public sector pay is currently an open topic in Europe as well, exacerbated by a generalized crisis of confidence in political classes post-1990. On one side, you have a private sector that is dramatically widening the income gap thanks to globalization processes and technological advances that lower expenses, increase productivity and maximize revenue. On the other, you have a public sector that basically cannot compete for talent unless they try to align to private-sector pay levels, because in a post-Soviet "capitalism-uber-alles" world, public office does not grant much social status in itself. It's a vicious circle: the more we disparage civil servants, the less people are attracted to those jobs, the more you have to pay for lower-quality applicants. The same goes for cutting entitlements, by the way. If you can't make public office appealing in itself, you have to pay civil servants in line with any other similar job, or suffer from corruption and "revolving door" effects with a private sector they're supposed to effectively rein in. This applies even to the most high-profile positions (presidents, senators etc). Remuneration levels for US presidents or British Prime Ministers, for example, are so ridiculously low in real terms, that the office is basically seen by most career politicians as an introduction to the moneyed "conference-speech" circuit, or as a past-time for millionaires. It also makes them ripe for corruption: when somebody earning £ 150k per year has to deal with multi-billionaires, it's easy to predict how it will end. The "geriatric hordes" have sons and grandsons. If the State doesn't support Granny, it's Father who will have to, which will leave less money for Junior, who has enough free time to go out and loot if necessary. You see where this goes. If that family was made of civil servants or (god forbid) military personnel, you'll also have a strong feeling of resentment-fuelled rage as a bonus. That makes it even worse, to be honest. They're pillaging talent and resources from across the world, and not paying their fair share anywhere . Jeebus Chrysler, VAT is the most regressive tax ever invented, please do not even mention it as a solution to anything. It's a flat (!) tax on non-avoidable consumption that is fundamentally unrelated to real wealth; it doesn't touch capital activity or in-activity, which means that rich people (whose wealth is sheltered as business capital on paper) simply don't pay it. It was a terrible gimmick invented by European governments to raise taxes on low-income individuals without telling them. I hate to say this, but the only solution I can see to rise of worldwide corporations is... worldwide government, exactly like the answer to the rise of "national companies" in the XIX century was the creation of national governments of similar size. We can discuss about implementation details (the current arrangements -- going through WTO, WMF, UN etc -- are ineffective, opaque and/or fundamentally corrupt), but I don't see how else we could ever get out of this mess. I don't know the specific "implementation details" of US Social Security; my point was that support for the elderly is necessary in general, otherwise they go back to being a burden for families, lowering their tolerance levels towards accepting the rule of law. If you plan on scaling back a certain program, you better have something else ready to replace it, or you'll feel the pain at the polls or, in the worst case, in the streets. Of course, but they'll pool all the profits they can in the jurisdiction that forces them to pay the lowest rate of tax or no tax at all (i.e. Caribbean tax havens), regardless of the actual source of revenue, source of talent, or production location. This is morally unacceptable, if currently legal; laws can and should be changed to account for a changed, more globalized world. If you design in California, produce in China and sell in Europe, you shouldn't be allowed to shelter your profits in Caribbean tax havens instead of giving back to the societies that made you successful in the first place. We need better treaties among countries to adequately tax large capital movements across the world. Note how the Chinese try to sidestep the problem by heavily restricting capital flow in exit. This has never been a viable policy for capital-rich countries with saturated markets, of course; but as we've been seeing since 2008, US and EU markets are not as capital-rich as we thought, after all. This doesn't mean that we should blindly follow Chinese policies, of course, but maybe a degree of restriction should be introduced. It's beyond me how providers who operate in the EU space, hence under the 2006 Data-Retention Directive, can claim "no user activity logs" are kept. Either they do retain logon-logoff times, or they're technically breaking the law -- unless the directive has not been adopted yet in the specific country, in which case they're just exploiting a temporary loophole. I'm pretty sure any VPN operating on UK nodes would need to retain logon/logoff times linked to individual subscriber data; they won't have to log website access, but that's about it. ECJ follows EU directives, which take precedence over national law. When individual countries refuse compliance (it happens quite often), an "infraction procedure" is open, which can potentially result in heavy fines for the country. More often than not, the country could pass a law that complies with the directive in question, then "forget" to enforce it as soon as the original process is terminated in a satisfactory way; individuals would then appeal to the ECJ again and the process would be repeated, this time resulting almost certainly in fines. And so on ad infinitum, or (usually) until the political winds change at the national level. In almost every case, EU laws and directives take precedence over national law, but the mechanisms to enforce this primacy are still somewhat vague and weak. This is by design: if they had been too clearly stated, most countries would not have signed the treaties. The "plan" was to state the overall principles, then find a way to enact them further down the line. It's a very pragmatic approach, and it's producing results in many areas, but clearly it's not something that, today, will satisfy all individuals in their lifetimes. "few of us" were actually quite a majority... Of people who knew what they were talking about. And we were right: Afghanistan cannot be "conquered" or "fixed", as 10+ years of failed occupation have proven. Larry Ellison was in "Iron Man", so he's Hollywood. The problem is not the disparity, but how wide it is. Inequality in the US is currently so wide, it's absurd. It's widening in Europe as well, but not as fast and not as radically as in the US in the last 30 years. This is not healthy, it's polarizing society and eroding the social contract. The only way to effectively balance this trend is through higher taxation. The problem is that the feedback loop between US and Europe ends up being very unbalanced: American thinkers are hugely influential in Europe, but European ones get disqualified in the US almost by default because they're "socialists". This is a problem for us Europeans as much as for you. And that's where the real money is, so you'll never hear anyone proposing bills to address that. Enforcing decency is left to understaffed and underfunded national collection agencies. Repeat after me: the problem is not personal income tax, but rather corporate tax, especially when abused to mask personal income. > Very few counteroffers are serious counteroffers (serious as in they will keep you on indefinitely at the new salary). Hell, I bet most of these don't even get honoured. "You understand, we need to get budget, some bureaucracy, but don't you worry, we'll sort it out asap!"... weeks pass, the new money is not coming ("eh, we had some problems, but don't you worry..."), and eventually you get kicked out. Meanwhile, your original offer has probably expired. Never accept counter-offers. It depends on the level of programmers we're talking about. I agree that offers for the likes of Steve Jegge don't expire, but ones for "VisualStudio Joe" certainly do, at least outside the Valley. To clarify, by "expiring" I mean the company finding another suitable candidate. There's an app called "Water" which does that, btw. The tool for Linux users already exists: it's git itself. Demand for a desktop GUI in the Linux world is almost zero for basically everything, but especially so for a tool like git with no external dependency. Awesome tool, but I think it shows once more the terrible state of SSH in the Windows world. It's scandalous how MS refuses to make it a first-class citizen on the platform -- it should come pre-installed and pre-configured, or at least with a config wizard, and have simple APIs for third-party apps. Considering how MS are not really pushing a competitor, I don't understand why they refuse to add such a simple thing. RDP is a completely different tool, and anyway it's not really something you'd expose on the internet, so I don't understand why they can't just integrate OpenSSH -- it's not even GPL! IntelliJ products (IDEA, PyCharm etc) have a plugin that does exactly that. Uh, no tag in header? Office is a good start, but to be really useful it needs to have more modes. Maybe you should have a simple shortcut editor that anybody can use to produce schemes which can then be uploaded to some common repository. I run a Dreamplug pretty much 24/7, as my "homebrew" backup and NAS solution; the SD is used to boot and then mount an external RAID enclosure connected via eSATA, which holds the real data. Works quite well, in a fraction of the space that a "real" pc (or even a MacMini) would need. You can disable most of the extra stuff... I think all the options make these devices much more flexible. If you wanted a dirt-cheap, more modular component you'd be looking at Arduino or Raspberry Pi, not a plug. That would imply the App Store is completely useless and not a huge factor for the continuous success of iOS devices. I think you can see how wrong you are. The thing is, not everyone will customize all apps, but everyone will customize at least one app, be it a better todo list, a better IM, a better picture-taking app, or a better recipe database. Which is why the appstore is so popular. EDIT: clearly the "regular users" I know are different from everybody else. The North of England must be a hive of phone-geeks living in some sort of bubble. Usually from links on http://www.newit.co.uk/forum/ There is no incentive... until there is. The default camera app doesn't zoom. The default music player won't create playlists (edit -- sorry, it does; what I meant is that there is no queuing to the now-playing like in old iPods). The default todo app won't do cloud sync (well, it does now, but it wasn't the case before). And so on -- as soon as your usage of a particular app increases over a certain threshold, you'll encounter a corner case and head for the appstore to get a better app. So a photographer will have five picture-related apps and never touch the default one, while using the default mail client; a lifehacker will have fifteen hyper-specialized ToDo apps and never touch the default one, while using the default camera app. You cannot zoom when recording video, afaik. Also, iCloud was announced in June 2011; plenty of todo apps had cloud sync well before that, when Apple simply didn't provide the service. Well, it does move the burden for maintaining compatibility from third-party import tools / glue code / adapters back to the original vendor, which I think is extremely sensible. Their current mobile offer is... underwhelming. This is mostly due to them not being able to integrate deeply with any platform, because they don't control anything else in the stack (browser -> OS -> hardware). They seem to be looking for ways to fix this by acquiring other layers, starting from the browser -- they're in talks with Opera. This rumour about them building hardware goes in the same direction. The real key, however, is the OS layer; they cannot really use Android, for obvious reasons, but I can't see any other mobile OS lying around, after the Great Purge of 2011 that killed Maemo/Meego, WebOS and pretty much everything else except iOS and Android. Betting on Windows Phone is extremely risky at the moment, and anyway Ballmer has his own priorities which may or may not align with Zuckerberg's. Leveson is just a rare occasion for political lightweights to get back at the real wheelers & dealers who actually run the country. A few scapegoats will pay (Brooks, Coulson), but the Big Beasts (Murdoch, Cameron's chums and Blair's friends) will remain firmly in charge. It's all a self-serving show for media hacks, the masses don't care one bit -- LibDems, who were less friendly to Murdoch and come out from the enquiry as quite a honest bunch, are being routed at the polls anyway (as they should be, but let's not digress). Miranda was a criminal, and guilty of rape. If anything, the Disney example is in favour of short terms: as it is, Disney could now just sit on their bottom and keep selling what they've produced in the 60s rather than creating new content. I shudder at the thought of having to generate and store a crypto key for the lifetime of a machine in order to run it. This is why, btw, I've abandoned full-disk encryption: I once lost a key (in shambolic fashion), hence losing an entire disk. A one-machine-one-key scheme is impractical for so many reasons, one of them being exactly that: onus is on the user to keep the key available but secret . People who blindly double-click on random .exe attachments would supply the key pronto as soon as any malware would ask for it. As all sysadmins know, securing a machine from its owner is often the right thing to do, and in that sense UEFI is not a bad thing. Besides, if UEFI really becomes a staple of the Windows world, I can see enterprise/sme customers requiring a sanctioned way to add custom cert authorities, to which Microsoft won't be able to say no. Because taiwanese manufacturers like to reuse parts wherever possible, the feature will trickle down to the consumer market. The more I read about UEFI, the more the scaremongering seems like paranoia. The RIAA is paying attention, but this would never fly in the Land of the Free: it's a "social market economy" approach. Personally, I'm thorn: if this would mean the MAFIAA boys drop their guns forever, I'd be almost happy to have it. Unfortunately, they'd never do that, they'd just keep gunning on top of collecting their racket money. blank CDs are one thing, SSD memory quite another. The dump is not complete -- my password is also missing. As other people said, that file contains about 6.5 million hashes, while LinkedIn has 30 times more users. Considering how usernames weren't leaked, there's a big chance that the intruder is just sitting on them and the other passwords. Then the password has to be updated whenever your email changes. I believe Amazon does it like that, literally "forking" whenever you change password; at one point it was possible to simply log on with the old password and live an "alternate reality" where all changes you'd done after changing pwd had not been applied. Don't know if it's still the case today. You'd do it at login time. User enters user/pwd -> hash with unsalted sha-1, check if in list -> if yes, alert to change / if no, proceed with normal hashing. The good thing is: every time this happens to a high-profile site, storing sensitive data, more people get more acquainted with the concepts of "you really should not use a simple password" and "you really should not use the same password across all sites". I know it works for me: this was the last straw that forced me to abandon a good ol' password I've been using since 1998. From now on I'll just rely on password managers (currently DataVault, but I know people who swear by LastPass). These hashes were posted on a forum as a plea for help: the guy did not have enough computational power to crack them all on his own. Had they been salted bcrypt hashes, it might have actually discouraged him to the point of not even trying. So yeah, the weakest passwords will always fall, but good solutions will go to great length to protect even the most clueless of users. I wonder, what if this list wasn't leaked from LinkedIn databases, but rather from some third-party service using the "enter your password" anti-pattern? A flaky service like that would likely not be very good at safely storing passwords. Unfortunately, LinkedIn keeping mum on the subject makes it easy to speculate that it was actually coming from them. Otherwise it'd be easy to deny (and even spin: "How dare you! We never store unsalted hashes, we follow state-of-the-art practices here!!"). Also, their security track record is... embarrassing as it is. Like Pinterest, Gimme Bar will quickly fall afoul of copyright lawyers. Copying content outright and re-serving it from your own systems ... not good. I must remember this excuse. WTF, A YEAR AGO ?? They didn't notify users (i.e. me). Aren't they in breach of California law? Where are they based? Apparently this breach is a year old, so nothing to do with it. Maybe they just decided to go public today hoping that focus would remain on LNKD or (even better) people would just think "ah well, it can happen to everybody". Any info on how these passwords were hashed? MD5, SHA*, salted, unsalted...? So the way to counter FUD is... a boatload of ad-hominem, and downplaying some really sweet features of the best mapping tool on the web? This is the sort of drivel that attaches the word fanboi to the Apple community. The purpose of Apple software is to sell Apple hardware. In this sense, forced obsolescence works wonderfully... for them . Gone. You can only order an external drive. Although not as massive as it looks in the first place, there is still a discrepancy. The new MBP-Retina top config is 2799 USD -> 1805 GBP. In the UK store, it's 2299 GBP, less 20% vat -> 1916 GBP. So they're taking more than a 100 quid extra from each UK customer, "just because". The 24-months legislation was introduced only recently. IT companies have had these prices for a long time. It's just that multinational sellers will always ask for the maximum price the specific market can bear, regardless of costs. Italy half-assedly implemented it in late 2002, and then reworked it in 2005 -- so it's about 7 years since it was fully implemented and enforced, which is still "recently" from an industrial point of view. Considering that Apple kept ignoring it until at least December 2011 (!) when they finally lost the trial, I wouldn't be surprised if they were doing the same in other EU countries. TL;DR: Apple only "felt" this legislation in the last 12 months. His point was that there is still complex music being composed in the "classical" tradition, outside of pop, regardless of its actual merits or popularity. Anandtech has the details. TL;DR: it's not soldered but the connector is brand-new and non-standard. http://www.anandtech.com/show/6003/the-new-macbook-air-uses-... Also, in countries with labour-friendly laws (like Finland, I assume) there is usually a process to follow where the company has to justify the cuts, so they have to actually set target numbers. Wouldn't that just need a branded wallpaper? They preload so much junk anyway, one extra image won't make any difference... It's also about attracting in store the sort of affluent buyer who can afford to buy Apple, who is also likely to have more disposable income to spend on other stuff in the same store. If this sort of trend continues unabated (see also UK "snooper's charter" etc), VPN companies will soon make more money than Apple. (unless VPN software is also covered by this legislation, which the article doesn't say). The truth is that retail, conceived as "the business of distributing items to shopping centres where consumers will converge and buy them", is on its way out. The business will become "providing customized/tailored services related to products" (e.g. Apple's "geniuses") or indeed showrooming (where producers pay retailers to exhibit their products and optionally collect orders). This has been coming since the 90s, but I bet it will still take a long time to move on. What is unclear is how much this will impact employment: there's a good chance that new models will not require the same (massive) amount of labour currently employed in retail. I remember seeing job postings by Nokia for Linux developers, a few weeks after the "burning platform" speech, and thinking "this stuff must have been approved more than a month ago, and you'll be fired as soon as you get hired -- IF they'll hire anyone at all". Nokia is a case study in bad corporate management practices. Trademarks? Trademarks are not cool. You know what's cool? PATENTS. Patents in the mobile space , which is currently the most litigious tech sector. Nokia has thousands of them, because they used to be a great engineering company which pioneered mobile TLCs. Their patent war-chest is comparable to Motorola's, if not better. They will be acquired by one of the following companies: a) Apple, b) Google, c) Microsoft. And there won't be any antitrust concerns: the buyer will just sell off any manufacturing activities to some Chinese or Taiwanese company, and place all their patents in a well-protected safe for their lawyers to peruse. Welcome to the Nokia experience. I bought a N900 in 2010, and I was literally thrown under the bus not once (when Maemo was replaced by Meego), not twice (when the N9 debuted with a completely different UI) but three times (when they switched to WP7 even before the N9 was shipped). Meanwhile MS was busy killing off WinMobile, then Kin, and now WP7. And they wonder how Apple can get such faithful developers... A real mistery... The WSJ was right then! New MBPr is crashing the intertubes! http://blogs.wsj.com/cio/2012/06/11/cios-beware-new-macbook-... Somebody reset the Internet Switch, quick! mhh, no...? Have had a (mostly unused) Amazon affiliate account at least since 2005, and I didn't need any of that -- and I am in the UK. It's another facet of the short-sighted, WallStreet-induced culture where the only things that matter are quarter profits and share prices, and where a manager who remains in the same position for two years is branded a loser. The pressure is on cutting costs now and raise profits now and to hell with tomorrow, by the time a new employee is fully trained chances are that the manager who hired him is gone, probably following the CEO. Actually Silvio was "forced" into politics by the demise of his protector, Bettino Craxi (who, incidentally, was instrumental in engineering Silvio's rise to riches). He was into bunga-bunga before, he just carried on despite his 70+ years. His "billionaire behaviour" was more about buying or building outrageous McMansions around the country, which is typical of his original background (a property developer with shady links to the mafia). He's basically saying that the skills gap was not due to the company, but to unnaturally low compensation levels enforced by all companies in the sector. So all companies were creating their own "skills gap", because none of them wanted to pay more than the others for this set of skills. Can you imagine how many fools like this Rasmus Lerdorf has to deal with, every. single. day. since he created PHP? Same for Linus Torvalds. After a while, you just stop trying to sugar-coat idiocy, and just tell them as it is. Safari for Windows is a terrible, terrible browser, and doesn't even mirror the Mac version in terms of rendering webpages. Completely useless. For comparison, companies like Oracle and IBM don't offer "the chance to buy company stock" even to senior techies and consultants, nor do they offer any real discount on their own products anymore. "A man of his type" probably just meant "a mad scientist". The stereotype was as strong as ever at the time (thanks to Einstein and the nuclear-science culture of secrecy), and Turing fit it to a T: he dealt with concepts the average coroner couldn't even start to comprehend (advanced crypto, information theory, Frankenstein-style machinery full of valves and levers, experimental chemistry), he was a loner, socially awkward geek, who somehow didn't really like to hide his homosexual side like a proper Englishman would do (homosexual experiences were much more common at the type for the ruling class, due to boarding schools). It's now accepted that he didn't. In truth, such hypothesis was clearly ludicrous from the start, to anyone with half a brain; it was kept dangling just to distract the public, trying to paint it as "just another homo killed by his own weird fetish". Either this was a cold-war style assassination, or the guy brought home a stranger too many; we'll likely never know the truth about it anyway. That's a bit harsh. Like with Java or Perl, there's an enormous installed base of PHP apps which need maintaining and upgrading (and replacing, wherever possible); a lot of people end up inheriting systems they didn't build, and having to keep them up _ad libitum_. Nokia has a) only outside North America. In the extremely important US market, which makes or breaks smartphones, Nokia is a nobody. Part of the reasoning in shifting to WP was that Microsoft (or at least the power of their brand) would have delivered that relationship to the Finns. The fact that it didn't happen is quite telling. That might be the case in the US, i can assure you nobody outside the US can access those programs today (and even among US employees, last i checked, most were not allowed). Considering the amount of people employed abroad by these two... Since Mega/Dotcom had no representation in the US (on purpose), I'd say no. He could try going after the NZ police though. Unreadable on iPhone, what's up with its stylesheet? Safari won't even zoom...? Considering RIM was among the first to open their servers to enforcement agencies the world over, that "security certification" gets quite a sinister double-speak overtone. To be fair, sometimes it does look like a government can't win: stand your ground and you'll be abused for being insensitive, change your mind and you'll be crucified for flip-flopping/being indecisive and out of touch (see also: pasty tax, fuel duty etc). This doesn't mean they aren't a bunch of nasty Tories (they are) or that they are right on this issue (they are not); it's just that criticizing a politician for his day-to-day behaviour rather than his/her political stance is just a way of buying in the politics-as-sport worldview pushed by media interests. Regardless of bias, it is a fact that the Parliament, being a relatively new institution with very vague and weak powers (compared to the Commission and the Council), is eager to pick as many constitutional fights as it can win. In this sense, the Commissioner's remarks were like a red drape waved in front of a sleepy bull, and were probably the main cause for such an overwhelming rejection. Never tell politicians that they don't matter; it's the best way to motivate them to prove you wrong. It's often extended in various ways server-side with custom logic, but the real advantages are in terms of ease of admin and, client-side, excellent and basically unrivalled collaborative calendaring. There are better mail clients, but I've never, ever seen anyone doing collab-calendaring better than Outlook. (oh and google doesn't apply, most serious companies simply cannot use it for all sorts of legal or strategic reasons) Are you back in Manchester then? I personally wouldn't call it "a provincial city" (it's very sparse, but overall Greater Manchester is home to 3 million people, on par with Birmingham and Glasgow for the title of "most populous urban conglomerate in the UK" just behind London); of course it's nothing like the capital, but it does provide a fairly good lifestyle at a fraction of London prices. There is usually at least one good restaurant for almost any cuisine you'd care about (except maybe my beloved Erithrean), and any movie worth watching will be at the Cornerhouse at some point. Granada/ITV also attracts quite a few glamorous models, if that's your thing. The only real problem in Manchester is the depressing weather, but it's not like London is so much better in that regard. My point is that London is on a scale shared with very few cities around the world, but that doesn't make all other British cities "provincial" -- some of them are, some of them are not. It's a complex issue. Of course running an economy based on very small businesses is incredibly difficult, for all the stated reasons; however, as I grew older I came to realize that this diversity is also the source for most traits distinguishing these countries around the world. For example, in fashion the "Italian Style" emerged thanks to small firms led by histrionic and talented designers, who would never have had such freedom in larger companies. Firms like Ferrari, Ducati and Lamborghini remained small, focusing on excellence rather than volume, and maintained this industrial setup even when financially absorbed by larger entities. Small companies in the food industry still maintain an incredible diversity of output, and keep quality standards very high. And of course every Italian city is so distinctive because shops, bars and boutiques are so different and not dominated by a few brands (the difference with England or France is striking -- in England, every town centre has exactly the same few chain-shops). I'm sure there are similar examples in Spain and Greece. If all these countries "standardized" their economies on larger businesses, they'd lose most of their distinctive appeal. Unfortunately, this makes everything else more difficult, especially when it comes to centralized efforts to improve this or that. Also, small shops are prone to abusing worker rights (if everyone is "exempted" by legislation because of size, does that legislation actually exist?) and being unable to exploit opportunities to scale up in a globalized world. It's a conundrum, really, and I personally don't know where I'd start fixing things. It's sad though: the EP is also probably the most powerless body you/we vote for. It's trying to find and flex its muscles wherever it can, but the truth is that most of the time it's just a rubber-stamping body for policies pushed by the Commission and the Council. They said the same for IE7. And IE8. And IE9. The problem is that other browsers keep defining what a browser should be , and then Microsoft has to play catch-up. Same with Windows Phone and Windows 8: other people defined what a mobile OS should do, and now MS is trying to catch up. When you're not defining the market, you're an also-ran. Microsoft in the last 10 years failed abysmally at defining new markets, which is what they had done with Win95/Win2000 first and then Office and VisualStudio and IE5 later (yes, IE5 was commercially fantastic -- there's a reason all those shitty "web-apps" from 2001 were not written for Netscape or Mozilla). In this sense, Windows 8 is more of the same: other people pointed the way, and MS is now scrambling to imitate them as best as they can. Not a recipe for success, if you ask me. That's actually what Maemo5/Harmattan had on my N900: all contacts and conversations across different media were nicely integrated through the Telepathy framework. It was probably the best app on the platform, although it took ages to develop and wasn't very easy to extend. You're so right, it hurts. Named entities are a hack from the past. Unicode does a better job at classifying the zillions of character across the world than any html-monkey ever will.