Hey a game! Disclaimer: not a native english speaker, i might lack vocabulary and do some grammar mistakes. 1/ I have no idea of what a protected group is. A discriminated group however, depends on where you live. Erythreen jews in israel are discriminated against by the “dominant” group (white conservative isreali). Chinese suffer discrimination in some parts of India and Philipines, while people from Philipines suffer some in China (sorry, no idea how englsh call them). Past oppression is only relevant if some discrimination is done because of this (Hello Rwanda). Let’s take South Africa. Past oppression was relevant even after Nelson mandela because the culture was still related to the apparteid. This is less true today, so this is not as relevant now (my question: how did you not figure this on your own? Do you like asking leading question that much?) 2/Leading question, again, nice. None. But people in discriminated groups should have an easier time joining profession that brings power or visibility, so related to law (even if it is as paralegal), politics or television, or company management. Again with the S.A example, the culture changed because there were more and more black people in courthouses, politics and at the head of national companies. The fact that there is some racial inequalities there come from class inequalities (not the subject here) and not racism. 3/ What agenda? 4/ None. I don’t see your point there, it might be lost in translation. 5/ What? Why would you punish statement made at work? Except if there is a client (let’s say, the state want to buy your product, and you say “public worker are paid doing nothing” to his face, get ready to be fired or put in a closet). Is this a leading question? 6/ Victims are defined by law in my country, i don’t know about the us though. I’d define “offensive” a statement that i would not say out loud to all my friends or family. Like “i find that any theism is dumb as f…”, which i would never say to my grandmother, despite being my real feeling, is offensive. 3rd part is a leading question, but my response is that i do not care about you and you can tell whatever you want to anyone, but if you say the previous sentence to anyone and get called out, i would not help you 7/ I’m not advocating for anyone, but i can see (in my country anyway) that some people (obese people) have it worst than anybody in some places (hospital mainly). I defend them orally with my friends and on internet when i feel like it (not often in english though). Well, since i’m 20 i don’t really hang with anybody that would judge people for their looks (because its tiring /time-consumming to defend people i’m not related too for no reason but my personal ethic) but i did that. 8/ Do you know that apostasia is punishable by death in pakistan, but not in other countries (tunisia come to mind), and in some, nobody cares. So it depends on WHERE you live, obviously. Do you feel that in USA/UK, the way most of the people treated Cat Stevens/Yusuf Islam when he choose, after nearly dying twice, to change his religion, was justified/ subjectivly fair/fair isn’t the question? Where i lived, no one cared about this. So probably MORE protected if you live surrounded by dumb a-holes, about the same else. 8bis: Sorry about the passive-agressive subtitle there, i might have no personnality and just mimic the way of expression of the people i’m talking to. 9/ Well, you can see my response in 6/. Yes, there is studies that make correlation about IQ and how religious people feel, still, making any remark about that out loud (or on a forum where religious people gather, on a video about gregorian chant) is just rude. 10/ Depending on where you live, discriminated people are not the same, so i don’t really care. I spent entire vacations with my racist cousin, we had no problems. He is quite honest with his hate and while i disagree, i still quite like him. Honestly, most of those are leading question and i decided early to go away from people i perceive as manipulative, so i would never hang out with you anyway, but we could coexist just fine. 11/ No, i don’t care about the majority, i’m old enough to think on my own. 12/ Sorry, how does work safety come with guilt and social pressure? I think this is manipulation, but w/e. Guilt and social pressure are sadly two educational levers, that are used and abused with children in school quite often (and in dog training too). Using it against adult are less effective, but it still works for some reason. I do hate this way of doing things, but whne i was a youth camp consellor, i had to use social pressure to make activities run smoothly. I’m still feeling guilty about it. I disliked doing it because i feel this was dishonest, even if this was the easiest way to get thing started. Those questions being a bit dishonest, are you feeling a bit guilty about it or do you feel its fine being dishonest to try to convince people they are mistaken (or do you think those question where objectively honest and i’m mistaken)? It was an interesting game, thank you. Its not really a bad choice, but writing really good c++ is hard (sightly less with the newer versions, but still). You can use the same performance tricks that a C dev will use to make your code faster, plus a whole lot of new tricks, some doing exactly the same thing (but not the same way). This is not a problem if your team is used to work together and have a common codebase they already wrote together, for for OS project (like linux), its a bad idea. And in my opinion, writing optimized c++ code is waaaay harder than writing optimized C code (almost each time i had to optimize c++ code, it ended looking like c with classes and weird pointers)(Disclaimer: i'm bad with OOP, it might be just me). Anyway, Google is supposed to have good c++ devs, with experience coding together, so this is not a problem for them, i think. Another issue is that the compilation is slow compared to C, but i don't think its an issue for Google either. [edit] Yes, binary size can be a problem too, forgot about that. But if you only use basic libraries, i don't think your binary will grow that much, right? Disclaimer: while i'm not a physicist, i happen to date one working for plant security/contamination at Areva. The claim about 70k tons of nuclear waste being uranium is frankly misleading. The author have to be aware of this, so i will not expand the discussion (because it could give him credit), but please be aware that the main part of nuclear waste is contaminated equipement, so very much not uranium. In France, we consume several tons a year of screwdrivers hand hammers, and while our yucca montain equivalents are working, this is still a pain in the ass to get rid of this stuff. Maybe someone can explain how John Oliver is wrong, but please don't trust anything this guy write. i don't know much about nuclear waste, but if i am aware of this, there is no way a "specialist" is not. Yes, but most of nuclear waste is metal and plastics. Screwdriver and stuff. The guy that wrote the article either don't know anything about nuclear plants (well, less than me so almost nothing) or is misleading everybody on purpose. Either way, wait until someone reliable and knowledgable talk about this to forge an opinion, this is bullshit to me (and im a pro-nuclear guy) Elsevier taking "too much" money is incidental, and not the main problem in science right now. And this Scihub solution do solve this incidental issue and more, but this is a fraction of all the issues in science (i can't explain this very well in english, so i won't, but the eastern/western culture clash, ego war, bureaucraty, lack of good HR that lead to depressed/apathic scientist, and the publishing race are some other issues not solved yet). But this is not communism (i know lot of people in the US are confused by this, even the people that call themselve communist) but rather anarchism ("Libertaire" in french that is a left-wing libertarianism) with the idea that science is one of the common good. This new-wave anarchism take some old idea from Proudhon and enhance them. So you let behind the idea that private property is evil, but private property of the common is. You have the idea that people can't own what is used by other people. So you can have a hundred appartments in a big city, but you can't rent them. You can sell them, speculate on them, but you cannot rent them. And since it is anarchism, a more distributed/less powerfull government is needed too. On the point of "no private ownership of the common good", this seems like communism, yes (Communism come from anarchism somehow), but communism is the idea that the state have to regulate this, scihub is not on any level a state initiative. Sorry for the messy thoughts again, conversationnal english is a bit hard for me Well, he earn his life well enough, have a really decent and cheap healthcare, and free education for his kids, what need those millions would fill? Honestly, in any european country, winning around 60k per year (as an employee) or 100k (as a business owner), if you are not living in Paris or London, is enough to provide you a carefree life. You don't need to sell yourself for more. While its a false generalisation, most of modern philosophers specialized on morals/ethics whether they are utilitarists or not agree that excluding the intolerant (more like banning intolerant behavior) is beneficial for the "common good". From an utilitarist point of view, this isn't even a question: intolerant behavior leads to less people being happy (not even talking about hypotethical fights resulting of intolerance, just people feeling excluded), therefore it should be banned. But the abandonment of free speech by _private_ company, while worrisome, is very understandable. Internet and the SV made everyone more utilitarist. A lot of CEO (or website owner) think that way: it may not be very legal, but since it reduce cost and make more people happy than it make people unhappy, it should be fine. But from an utilitarist point of view, intolerance have a huge cost and create more unhappy people (not talking about violence, just people being the target of this intolerance) than happy people. Therefore, intolerant behavior should be stopped if there is some possibility. Now, of course this was a mistake, but this mistake is understandable. (I'm more of a negative utilitarist myself, but this work the same way) The thing : #1 was wrote by Popper, a rather known utilitarist (well, negative utilitarist: every action, instead of optimizing overall happiness, should aim to decrease overall pain). There is a lot of modern philosopher that agree with this as well. This is a catchphrase, it doesn't refer to what you read but to the reflexion behind (like "i think therefore i am" refer to cartesian doubt and that you can doubt of anything except the fact tht you exist). HS: The main issue with that, a sentence that resume an "essai" (don't have a clue about the english translation), is that people that do not know what philosophy really is. Let's be honest, if it is taught as well in the world than in France, almost nobody knows. So most people misunderstand what it really means, while some of the other use this knowledge to put people down. Even writing this, i'm pedantic, and i really don't want to be, so imagine someone who like feeling full of himself? And that way, more and ore people hate philosophy and philosopher, and get disinterested. (i wrote like a hundred lines about philosophers in French media, but i'm sure no one care so i will refrain...) Holy cow. Great job. Sadly i'm busy even on weekends atm, but i'm bookmarking this and i will try to contribute when i find some time. I don't really like facebook, but the two reactions (putting it down and putting it up again) were appropriate. The first one show that the algorithm do its job, the second show that a human factor still exist. However i agree with the poster: if facebook do not put a mean to reach out in the put-down email, this is a mistake that should be fixed. I'm not using facebook (not since they had this anti-adblock stuff), but if it is always the second item for everyone, it should be quite easy to hide with a small greasemonkey script (that you don't even have to code yourself, someone probably already did). For the first question: https://github.com/ProtonMail/WebClient For the second, it is unlikely, spying on third party app is not in the ToS of android, and if google (or any big tech company, really) is caught doing something not in the ToS, it will cause a PR shitstorm. I have a Proton Mail account since 2014, but i never really used it. I might give it a try again today. You can't search content. This is the main reason i had trouble switching to ProtonMail in 3 years. I think the reason for this silence is mostly because this already have been reported on HN. And if PC and indignation is used by some as a "see how much of a good person i am", this might not be the case for everyone, especially on HN. (first time reported here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15471570 ) I agree with you in your comment that point that these disguised insults against trump are inappropriate here (saying this more directly could have better effect imo). But please, you seems to be a good guy, do not fall into the Tribal trap, whether it is "i must defend m own even if i'm wrong" or "He has opinions from the opposite side, he must be wrong on everything else". The people this man hang out with AND this symbol he wore are enough evidences that he support, even if it is a little, Nazi ideology. Since nowaday, nazi ideology has several sides, xenophobic, antisemitic, racist ant anti-feminist (i might forgot some), he might agree on at least one, and if you're dead set on defending him you can say he is only xenophobic or something, and the other part of neonazism, he doesn't support, but are you really believing that he wore this to say "i'm anti-communist"? If he did, he must have been seriously misinformed (and anyone this out of touch, honestly, deserve to be kicked of of any job that require you to understand history). Please do not go tribal on Hn. Yeah, i'm not from america but i'd favor a theory similar to 9/11, it could have been stopped but incompetency and paperwork allowed this to happen, hence the non-disclosure. Incompetency explain this as well as conspiracy, and respect Hanlon's razor: "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity". harassment is not always sexual harassment. Now i think she read way to much into his emails but honestly, i would never work with a guy like this. Either he is "socially inapt" like other commenters said, either he is a very manipulative guy. Tis is NOT a case of sexual harassment. He might be unknowingly threatening (best case scenario, the one i believe), or downright manipulative, either way she do not want to work with him. He joined her on the project and she offered to give him 2 of the 3 tickets then he started his passive-agressive emails. I got those from people i worked with too, every time i just left the project (mainly because it was never mine). This type of passive-agressive behaviour exist very much in tech, mainly because this behaviour is related with self-entitlment and goes well with smug personnalities. I always found it funny that the word "libertaire" (french translation of libertarian), come from the word liberal with the word "proletaire", and is now used to qualify some members of the american far-right. It was used to criticise liberal anarchism (Proudhon) because it was not socialist/egalitarist enough, and later inspired Marx (who built his theory of communism with anarchist fundation). So people in US that call themselves "libertarian" could change their names to "communists cousins", really. Well, if we are talking about recent great medical advances, i think Spain and France are leading right now with the discovery of CRISPR. And i'm pretty happy about this, if it were discovered by an american pharmaceutical company, no other laboratory would have even heard of this before a patented product hit the market, and every research on the subject would be subject to a patent too. Not if poor people have to work double hours to be able to live decently. I won't go deep onto the working mother issues (single mother with two job or mother with 2 jobs and a father with one but doesn't do anything with the kids as it is a "woman job") or how people working more than 50 hours a week is a net loss in productivity and a costly public health issue, but these problems can be solved with high enough minimum wages or universal income. Reading Marx (or some explanation of his work from different point of view) is interesting. I think most of his critics do not apply to this world but he do have an interesting point of view and adding some of his ideas into your personal philosophy. I found really good critics of Marx from a rather liberal philosopher. I forgot his name, it was at my college library, but i'm pretty sure that if you are interested in philosophy and in economics theory you should read some of his work. Well, i installed an IRC (well, mattermost actually,a glorified IRC) where my friends and i can discuss and keep everyone updated on latest news on tech and games. Honestly it's better than facebook (we can send each other snippet of code) and no one have to change the default setting to receive mails only when something interesting happen. Well, i feel its moral for me to pay all my taxes, and even though i also give money to charity, i don't use this fact to reduce my taxes, because i feel a lot of people need this money way more than me. This is socialism. But i could choose to pay less taxes, and i don't. Honestly i'm pretty happy with socialism right now, i lived in the bottom 20% for 23 years and still got to go to the hospital to get surgery at 3 y/o, my little brother did not die from his appendicite and my mother breast cancer was detected before it spread too much. I never suffered from malnutrition and access to free education allowed me to get into the top 20% with no debts while attending social gathering and studying in other countries thanks to erasmus. I agree that i don't have the choice on what my taxes will be used for, and this is a problem, but the other choice is to count on charity? to pray that everybody will act like homo economicus and take rationnal decision on how to improve everybody well-being without being greedy and acting like children? Sicilian orphanage is what you get when "charity" is in charge. I'd rather pay taxes and have the state manage that tbh. Now if someday, everybody become smart and decent enough, i would totally agree with you to ditch socialism et start a liberal anarchy. You could use less spite and disdain for your comment i think. You probably already know that convincing yourself that your outgroup is dumb and unqualified is a tribal ego-boosting technique, but a reminder never hurt. Well i actually got more from the government that what i put in, but at this very moment, i certainly give more than what i get, and even with kids in the picture i'd still give more. And even when my overall contribution to my country will be highr than what my whole family got (and it will eventually happen), i'd still be happy to pay my taxes so that other kids can have the same chances i had. I believe in meritocratic society and i don't see how to achieve that without socialism and some taxes until everyone stop being petty, greedy and/or self-centered. Then we can all be libertarian. Finally i'm an utilitarist (well, a negative utilitarist following Popper's definition) so my moral values are not abstract. I wish people stop with this glyphosate in food. The traces we cand find aare in small quantities and even if you eat the same quantity of lead, you should still be fine. The issue with glyphosate is the volatility, the fact that it stay in the ground, it can be absorbed through the skin (hence bad for farmers and people living near farms) but at least in europe, the quantities you can ingest are too small to endanger you. The fact that the main arguments of anti-glyphosate is this flawed argument, lobbies can easely convince the legislators that this argument have non-scientific ground (obviously) and should be ignored. Irak war was also a political loss, and the "reconstruction" (almost alone, without inviting former iraki interest holder, like Total, or emerging country like Russia and/or China) was a moral, political and tactical mistake, and made the US loose a lot of cultural influence imo, at least in France and Germany. But i agree that the confirmation bias in the article is obvious. Then, as it was said in another HN comment, make ISP liable like facebook and twitter are. They have to detect and prevent DDoS from their customers, detect and prevent malware, as well as child pornography and stuff. If they want to look at what you're sending and receiving, they should be liable for it too. If a law allowed all post office to take a look into your personnal mail, they should at least uses this power to prevent criminal activities. We trust the website we give our information to. It is https-based (else my browser will tell me) and probably using an ORM that will 99% of the time hash my password. But the javascript layer... Sorry, call me paranoiac, but i will never trust the javascript of a website. With no webdev experience, i was able to inject js (almost by mistake) three years ago. Moreover, is the js communicating with the backend using https too? How can i check that? Are those js library on the website server, or are they hosted by a third party? I can trust them, but how do i know that no attacker was able to modify those scripts? Yes, those risks are small, but i'd rather have ublock making those risks closer tho 0 than not, am i wrong? I disagree. Some of my friend and me were able to implement by ourselves RB tree algorithms by the 18th day of our month-long formation, and only one of us knew how to write code before this (and we almost reached his level the day before, when we implemented linked list algorithms in C). After this formation, we were able to write a hashmap algorithm that handled collision in less than a day and a half. I honestly don't think we would have been able to do the same if the tools we were given during our formation were python, php or javascript. I don't think resolving the philosopher dinner problem in Go can teach you much. In C, it does. The biggest advantage C have is that you start from nothing, so you have to understand everything. I would not understand BTrees this well if i did not first understand linked list. And i think the thing that taught me the most about OOP was writing a raytracer in C. I don't think anyone should go with a language that allow him to do bad OOP. In my experience, this lead to poor code in the beginning, even when this person is one of the most brilliant you ever met. People that learned with C (Pascal too) piss more straightforward code on average, and have better debugging skills. And they are more "aware" of the computer. PS: I did go C, assembly (had to rewrite some libc functions) then emacs lisp (before trying to write stuff in Common Lisp). I don't think going assembly will help a webdev much (even if he work mostly on backend), but lisp is definitly helpfull for anyone. Assembly is great if you like having some fun, but beside CTF and "that one time" (i had a really nasty C bug), the stuff i learned while writing assembly were not really usefull to me. From what a saw, exceptionnal people aside, those who learned to code with a language favorising bad OOP (most OOP languages, maybe with the exception of Lisp) write nasty code. Especially when they work with a language like javascript, but even with c++ or Rust you can easely find abominations. Everybody should learn proper data structure before learning OOP. I don't like Go, but i'd much rather work with an intern who was first taught Go than any OOP language, even one i like. OOP is a great tool, but people that learned with it have the tendancy to use it poorly and everywhere, and to use abstractions of abstraction when this is not needed. Maybe for you, it was not an issue, because you were brilliant enough, but for average devs like myself, it is. True. Glyphosate opponent target the fact that everybody ingest glyphosate (and that's supposed to be bad). But the dose we ingest (at least in western europe) is too small to be really dangerous, and i think this arguent is a bad one. However, i am concerned about farmer and gardener using the product, as well as kids living near them. Most natural pesticide and herbicide show bad affect on young people brain developpement. I would be really surprised if a chemical, more potent one was harmless. copy the spreadsheet, modify some code because the need is sightly different (or the spreadsheet need adjustment) and voila. Either it works just fine on the first time, either you just begun a one hour debugging session. To me excel is just fine, except when its not. A French bank lost 6 billion ten years ago because one market maker made false entry on a spreadsheat and no one in the back office noticed for more than 2 years. And the back office was not at fault here. (At least php usage allied with miscondonct never made a bank lose 7.2 billions: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/01/30/socgen_hack/ ) I kinda understand what you mean, but i don't get why it is relevant in this conversation, do you mind being more explicit? It's the second time rape is evoqued in two days, so i'll add my personnal anecdote. Both my parents were social workers, my mother as a psychologist, my dad as youth camp director (Not a summer youth camp, more like a permanent youth camp that help children (6-15) with difficulties manage their homework, organize football/basketball tournament after school...)). This line of work made them befriend a huge variety of people, especially a prison counselor and a judge specialized in minor protection. Well, the discussions when they came home were "fun". One of those discussion was about a young man who raped a young girl. The judge said something like "it's the first time i felt guilt and compassion from a rapist". It was disturbing, so i asked her to tell me a little more than this, and she told me that at most, rapists regrets being caught, regret "not being able to control themselves" but she can never feel sentiment over the victim except jealousy. The prison counselor and my mother agreed, and my mother even said that the boy might be either a really good faker, either an extreme case. Later i learned that the boy had a schizophrenic episode and was send to a mental hospital rather than prison (as he should). I have nothing to conclude this, but i do think personnally than most rapist should be on watch after a prosecution, and should be really costly. I don't think they can reform, and the only way second crime to be safe from them is to take them out of the society (aka long prison time). It's bad for german power in the EU, but i don't think it's a tragedy for the EU. The UK paid more to the eu than what he got back, that's a fact, but the right to trade European currency is what made the City this powerfull (compared to Paris, Franckfurt, Zurich). I'm pretty sure the taxes on income from displaced trading centers will make up for the "loss" for EU budget. Also, the skill loss for EU is almost nil, while UK will lose europeen skilled workers (and those contribute a lot to GPD). No its not, UK leave reduce EU negociating power, and isn't good overall. On the other hand, EU does not lose a lot of specialized workers with UK leave, so it will have little impact on industries (maybe in biotech and in finance). A German leave, on the other hand, would destroy EU economy. Grandparent is right however, in France, most people see that as a good thing (i don't). Exactly. I have nothing against adwalls or paywall, i might even pay to read the article if the quality is here (hello wsj). But i choose what's going onto my browser/computer. Someone remember this time when Forbes put an anti-adblock wall, then distributed malware-infested ads to some of its users? This is the reason why i use noscript: i don't trust all third party websites. When forbes infested its clients thanks to a third-party ad network that distributed malwares[1], i was smiling with shadenfreude. Maybe i'm self-righteous, but since 2005, blocking ads is for me a way to protect my computer. [1] https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160111/05574633295/forbe... Project you can follow that link Unix comprehension, security and programming: -implementing malloc (C) -implementing nm and otools (C) (basics options only) -implementing a ftp server (a fork for each new connection) or a basic IRC-like server (maybe using ring buffers, and only non-blocking I/O if you want to write in C) -implementing ping then traceroute (in C obviously) (and nmap if you really want to push it). In security, do small and easy challenges, like nebula (less than a day if you already know your stuff, i'd think maybe ~3 if you don't) and protonstar (i already knew some of the exploits and it still took me 4 days). Don't do those challenges alone, find a friend to help you: a second brain can think of new solutions and allow you to explain what you want to do (and just by explaining you'll get closer to find why it doesn't work, or why it does). The other challenges are not worth it if you just want to get how basic security work imo. At my school we then had to program some stuff like ptrace or strace (i don't remember which), it's pretty helpfull too, and it help a lot understanding gdb. Ah, and prior to the challenges, we rewrote a small part of the libc (strlen, strlcat and stuff like this) in assembly, and it was pretty helpfull (decompilers are fine, but its easier if you know a bit about assembly, at least with protonstar). If you want to do it, chose like 5 easy functions then 5 function which might use rep string operations, and implement them, it'll take you ~2 days (most of those will be research and reflexion, and you can do that during classes, like most of the security stuff actually). I'll repeat myself, but if you're not crazy about security, i really advice you to work on this with a friend, security is boring when you're stuck (and really interesting when you're not) If you're convicted of pedophilia (or rape) in a country, you should not be allowed to be alone with kids (or women) in another (like Polanski in the western world, but other examples exist). Should you? But if you think that "passive" political action (i.e just being present at a rally, not being a speaker) outside a community should not have consequences inside the community, i think i agree with you (for now, i don't have put much thought into it, my opinion is not definitive). No, the way GDPR is written, the cost is null for most small startups in europe. And for the startups in need of personnal data, either the ammount of data that need protection is small (like a birth day field) and will need at most ~4 day (counting deployment) to be corrected, or they are working with state-related business (at least in France). Source: i'm currently paid to create ML and data analytic clusters for startups and to give some advices on regulation. I agree with you, but i can understand her point of view. Her coworkers are mostly male, so most of the braggart she talk to are probably male too, and this skew her view. This is not a skin color or gender issue, this is a cultural/civilisation issue. Most of the westerner tourists going to SE Asia are acting in a weird way, it doesn't matter if they are sexual tourists, backpackers or others. Respectfull, non-arrogant westerners are not that easy to find in SE Asia. This is unrelated but i think USA focus on gender and skin color for every subject is unhealthy. Yes, you have some issues related to those caracteristics, but you are forgetting about class and/or culture discrimination. the cost of GDPR is almost null for new startups. I provide infrastructure (and tech advice) for data analysts and data scientists (mainly, i also have DL and Blockchain projects) and only one project started last year needed more than a day worth of work, mainly because the infrastructure with both Hadoop and Elasticsearch was weird and the dev who put it together was gone. You're not wrong on electron: this tech allow devs to be lazy and we all know that when we are allowed to be lazy, most of the time we are. That said, electron can have a small fingerprint if the dev team is carefull/good enough, and is hte best option when your app have to be able to read HTML (and copy HTML formatted string). To me, an email client is a good way to use electron for an app. Even if this was true (and that depend on euroshield implementation), this is not the spirit of the law. You don't even have to take a european lawyer (and those are at least an order of magnitude cheaper than US ones) to win your case (i'm joking, please take a lawyer). European courts don't like bullshit, even when it come from big company, so if you're afraid of trolling (a la patent trolls), please don't be. Hopping into this. The GDPR ask just that: if you are using ad networks, you should ask your user to give his explicit consent for each network you are serving him. Note that if you are serving malware, you are responsible and can be fined, which is pretty fair, imo. This is practically GDPR. This is simply not true. i spoke two years ago with the CEO of a small publisher company (~3 employees). This company was focused on mobility, from train to skateboard, with cars being obviously the main focus. Affiliated links for small stuff like electric monocycles and/or sponsored tests for cars was enough to pay himself, his author, IT guy and tester. I'm pretty sure this is satyric, but it bother me that even on HN, i have to read this type of comment twice to understand the author. Do you have any experience with a Eu country internet regulatory service? I have experience with the CNIL (The french one), and they were helpfull and yes, good-natured. Part of our demand to be able to host data from hospital was drafted with their help, when they had no legal obligation to help us. A friend who work in a legal/tech startup also had good experience with them, and i don't know anybody who ever had a bad run with them. So if you have contradictory experience, please share them. Until then, i'll still take all this "GDPR will kill tech companies" articles from people who only experienced the US legal system as jokes. And if you are a small/medium business, don't comply and somehow are reported, you will receive an email from the regalutory instance of the country the person who reported you come from. They will tell you what is wrong and point you to some articles who can give you advices on how to comply. If you have difficulty to do so, you can contact them and ask specific advices, they will respond (probably a bit late) and as long as you comply with the RGPD within a month after that, you're good. Audit can take some time and have a real impact on your business though, so i'm not saying everything is perfect. But to me, audit is the only thing you have to be really afraid of, not fines. You know what? i'm pretty sure you can just talk to one of the european regulator in advance and ask him questions about points you don't understand. They are pretty slow but they do respond. Well, in europe, it work like this: (1)A random person complain to his regulator that you are not complying with GDPR. If he asked for his personal data, jump to (3) (2) His regulator contact you, tells you that wht you're doing is bad: you have some stuff in opt-out, not clicking "opt-in" cause a degradation of service, or you are sending him 3rd party cookies he did not accept. (3) Depending on the complexity and your ressources, you have X months to comply. (4) You got caught again, you are fined. Stop spreading FUD please. 1: fines are up to (4%? thought it was 2%) depending on the offense (i dont think even Cambridge analytica would qualify to max fine, even if they were a persistant offender). 2: Yes some terms are vague, some part are vague too (what is considered "big scale"...) but if you want to cry about a vague law that enable government to shut down businesses, look at FOSTA-SESTA. This law is also vague to allow european countries to tinker around. Moreover, a vague law is often in favor of the defendant on european courts (if a litigation is ever taken to european court), so this is an advantage for owners. 3. A warning will be issued before any fine, then some time would be given to comply. If complying is difficult, regulatory instances have to help you by giving you ideas/examples/advice. 4. In the case of a physical guestbook, i'm pretty sure the regulatory instances will just laugh at the demand and ignore it anyway. 5. We had a CNIL contact before the GDPR was even drafted (we host health data) and we store non-hashed IP address of our customers (for ip whitelisting), name, surname, email address and phone number. Everything seems good for him as long as our security audits every year are good. I'm pretty sure we hold more client data than almost every small to medium shop whose business is not selling customer data, yet members of regulatory instance say we are okay. This panic is ridiculous. And you are allowed to take it to the european court if you think the fine is bullshit. And if you don't already know, european court don't take bullshit very well. Anyway, all regulatory instances are working together (in a group named G29, imagination is not their strength) to draw guidelines for fines and warnings. They will also discuss together ongoing cases (to avoid multiple prosecutions i guess). If you are not trying to cheat data from your customers and if your security is up to date, you risk nothing. The company can't make business deal with europe. People owning the company are fine and can't visit with no fear of being annoyed by the police, the EU is not the US. Sorry, little digression here: It was probably in response to the Terror attacks, a stuff called "operation sentinelle"[0]. They still patrol near strategic points now and then, but you see them less often now. And while military training is not police training, there was some controversy and some generals said it was a huge mistake, as the money spend on this operation (~1M$) would have shown better effect if spent on intelligence. Also, to afford the men, military had to cut monthly training. A friend of mine said that physical exercise/conditionment was divided by 2, while tactical and shooting by 4, but he really hated this operation so take it with a grain of salt. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Op%C3%A9ration_Sentinelle if you don't deal with EU customers (like if you don't sell ads to EU advertisers), you don't have to. But since the answer is no, is this still a fallacy? Also, this is one of the sane solution if he know he has not that much user data. First fines will not be high or won't happen at all, and he will receive advice and even help from regulatory instances if he is ever reported. If every business owner commenting those GDPR post on HN could act the same and not like headless chicken, discussions would be more healthy. And if IP is the only PII you keep and if you destroy IP logs after let's say 6 month and write something about that in your TOS, you're good. And even if you're not, if hey contact you and are not happy with your way of handling data, they will warn you then offer solution. You can even self-report if you're not sure you handled the privacy well, and they will point you the stuff you have to work on (and give you month to do that). I Understand Americans are afraid of fine and lawsuits, but please don't be afraid. Read GDPR statement from regulatory instances, they are here to help business too. >hey will probably not be able to travel to the EU without fear of arrest, etc This is EU, not USA, Russia or China. At most his visa will be denied (and i'm not even sure immigration services will actually care) Not really, he said in substance: "America do this, EU will not". Using this example to somehow gain a moral high ground. You have two solution: 1: ignore GDPR, you'll probably fly under. And if you dont, fine are scaled for business and people affected, as well as privacy infraction. Encrypt your backups, encrypt PII if you can do it effortlessly, and you're good. If you are not using emails except for checking double inscription, encrypt them too, the entropy is low BUT this is better than nothing . 2: If you have some time and money to spend to try to improve your services: self-report. A public agent will point you the weakness of your data processing. The fact that it beat Stockfish9 is not what is impressive with AlphaZero. What was impressive was the way Stockfish9 was beaten. AlphaZero played like a human player, making sacrifices for position that stockfish thought were detrimental. When it played as white, the fact that is mostly started with the Queen pawn (despite that the King pawn is "best by test") and the way AlphaZero used Stockfish pawnstructure and tempo to basicaly remove a bishop from the game was magical. Yes, since its a game, it's "useless", but it allowed me (and i'm not the only one) to be a bit better at chess. It's not world hunger, not climate change, it's just a bit of distraction for some people. PS: I was part of the people thinking that Genetic algorithm+deep learning was not enough to emulate human logical capacities, AlphaZero vs Stockfish games made me admit i was wrong (even if i still think it only works inside well-defined environments) Yeah, but their other Science headlines are weird: - "Ancestor of all living birds survived asteroid strike because it couldn't fly" It's wrong, on so many levels, I don't know where i should start. And since it's the only science article on a subject i have knowledge on, i'm now wary of the other article, as i should be. Yes. An average developper with knowledge in C will. Honestly, around my 3rd year i created a lib containing a struct for strings (well, two, and a couple functions working with them) and i don't think i ever used an strX function again. I was pretty proud of the "string for already allocated buffer" part of this lib tbh. Anyway, i'll never take C for a four-hour coding challenge, but for bigger, non-web project, C is really awesome, thank to BLAS and to the fact that most languages implement mostly painless C ffi. BUT diversity as "diversity of background" is never tested against diversity as "diversity of races" on those group performance studies. I think it should, because i'm pretty sure that if your "culture" is the same as your coworkers (same neighborhood, same school, same type of family, faith etc...); skin differences, except if you are subject to negative stereotyping in the field you're working on, should amount to almost nothing. Free market and all this stuff. Also a similar "technique" (LBO to be exact) was used to break down a giant company into smaller companies, effectively shutting down monopolies at the expense of a small number of workers, often making big gain for investors. With the failure of RBR Nabisco LBO, investors think twice about this kind of venture nowaday. If Toys'R US failure could cost the investors a bulk of money, maybe this won't happen anymore with big business like this. Anyway, if you take part of venture like this, you better be the law firm or the executives, especially if your target is a big company. Oh, that's probably why i always have to go through those tests, reCAPTCHAv2 is not vimium-friendly. > Keyboard keystrokes get captured too but the systems are intelligent enough to filter out passwords and payment details. Citation needed. But i did not realize that before, so thank you very much for this information, i will desactivate js on every page with a password field from now on. "to big to fail" only apply to (big) companies that mainly use debt to finance themselves, and have no assets to sell if they ever "fail" and go bankrupt. Because debt owner then would go bankrupt, and if debt owners are also companies with a huge ratio debt/asset, they would then go bankrupt and so on. So banks. (NB: i may have misused financial terms as i am not a native speaker) It does not harm china that much: It's too late for IP on old products, China is becoming more and more interesting for european "brain" (or US is less interesting, i don't know), and China education have caught up to western education (at least in STEM) during the last decade. The tariffs attack the wrong goods: Us manufacturers will still be buying them at 25% up, and chinese and europeans will sell finished products lower than manufacturers. And China can actually outsource the finishing touch of unfinished products in SW Asia or (even better for almost everyone) in Africa. Honestly i don't really care but i am interested on how India/Indonesia (and some african countries i hope) will take advantages of Trump policies. To me this is a good thing for the world, general "comfort" of several countries could rise thank to Trump. I know it's frowned upon here, but i like several move he made, including this, and how he made european countries closer. > I'd say the closest thing we have in Europe would be found in France I don't know about other countries, but you're right, some Frenchmen want the government to fear them, because it's one way to keep the power in check. We also have a really strong executive power who kinda own legislative rights and have control over a tiny bit of the judiciary system, so it's understandable. I don't want to look like a linux advocate, i like mac UI better, but if you find gnome painfull (and you should), try cinnamon. It does not have searchable menu like asked in this article, but it has everything else, and i personnally find the interface lean and efficient on laptops (i still like mac UX better). England might have been lucky enough (blessed with rain and all). Southern France and Greece, not so much, and will probably never recover pre-roman empire forests. I was kinda skeptic about federation at first (mastodon, GNU.social etc), but i've installed and tested a nextcloud platform for one of my client and i've been really impressed so far. It's clunky, a bit bloated (for me, TUI > GUI for 90% of apps, so take it with a grain of salt) and have an average documentation (a pretty good documentation for a free software /s). But despite that, once installed successfully, it is better than most free cloud services i have used imo, except maybe gDrive (integration with email, android calendar and gSuite is hard to beat). If other federated services can see light, and if people start to care about it, internet will be a better place i think (sightly related: is lichess federated too? I know you can host a server yourself, but i'm not sure if it's true). No easely accessible guns make suicide harder (the success rate of pill or wrist cutting is way lower than the guns) and make passion crimes less deadly. Without accounting misfire and/or lost bullets, crimes are deadlier with a gun than with a knife. That said, i don't really care if you are having a gun in your car or at home, or even carrying one with you if you have sufficient training, it's just for the sake of the argument. You are probably right, with the same opportunities and power, women should cheat as much as men. But if it was the wife cheating in public, i'm pretty sure no one would have made a deal with her and her husband would have been warned within the hour. Women are not faultless, but those in power have to hide their faults and vulnerabilities harder than men. This is not what he said. He basically said that in many cases, some developpers pushed something like mongo, ES or cassandra in their project or even company when a small sqlite or an effective postgressql were much more appropriate. Specific databases solve specific problems. In my current company, for log storage and analysis, InfluxDB was our solution after testing both ES and postgress, but we did compare all the products, and we still do as we expand. In my previous company, the main database in the product was Zope. I agree that mongoDB may be better in some use case, but i strongly doubt that most company are running it because it's the most appropriate product. Yes, it is alarmist. But england did not train ANY new border&custom agent in case of a hard brexit, unlike Ireland and Netherland (and France already have some somehow). The renewment of the Touquet deal still isn't done, and France could very well say "no deal mean no deal" in case of a hard brexit, or ask for even more money to act as England border patrol. Spanish government don't care for Gibraltar, so transfering daily necessity (food and meds) will probably become more expensive (you can't say "no" to american military bases in Europe, but UK ones don't carry the same weight). Anyway, hard Brexit will be hard on UK, but it will be hard for EU too. But it will be worse politicaly if EU look weak in front of UK, so either UK cave, either we're in for a loose/loose more game. async IRC with ring buffers was one of my last school C project. It was really interesting and straightforward, and despite its "obviousness", it still made me understand better some C and unix key principles. I think it's a great idea for discovering a new language. _Frankly, I'm not sure you know what you're talking about. Before the web was popularized, designing a layout meant a using a simple layout tool. Now it's a stack that is at least HTML, CSS and JS, and often more. We're doing more, to be sure, but you can't honestly claim, without a deep ignorance of the past, that it's easier or more inclusive._ Maybe developing web application is harder now (and i may disagree, react and node are really an improvement compared to 2013 SenchaJS imho). Also, CMS now exist for minimal programming. But you're looking application-wise, not tooling-wise: - Javascript is safer and easier to use with the last ES iteration (ore maybe it's just me, but my last pet project was really easy to complete with the new javascript). - OpenBLAS now exist, and libraries were written around this fantastic piece of software. Compare a jupyter notebook to matlab, and appreciate how easy it is to do math on a computer now (and i had to use matlab in college for my math bachelor degree, so i KNOW it is less complex for young mathematicians right now) - I've wrote stuff in C89 (gcc option, for school related work). Then i was allowed so use C99 (still for school). C99 was easier to write and to optimize. Also, my current collegues were using C in the early 90s, and for them debugging was a pain, while to me, C is one of the easiest language to debug thank to gdb (using the TUI or not). - Sytem building automatisation is easier (not painless yet, but easier). You can argue it's more complex, but automated stuff i always more complex than manual (but faster too). And in the 90s, system automation was Perl job. I like Perl, but let's agree ansible is less complex. - System monitoring is easier now too. And i'm a relatively young programmer, with 2 languages i'm comfortable using for professional work (3 with bash, 4 with ansible, if it count). I'm pretty sure experienced programmers who can use other stuff than C and python have plenty of other experiences. Also, consider compiling your own kernel, writing your own filesystem and/or paquet manager. Would you rather do it in 2018 or in the early 00's? It is a second year project in my school. Second year. It use to be a master degree assessment in college. Tools are easier to use, and information easier to get. Don't do this in France. It's considered "polite" to arrive ~30minute late if you're invited, however, if you arrive early, you will be asked to help while the host/hostess take his/her last minute shower. I don't mind and i like being early, because the most meaningfull discussion are made there, but non-Latin foreigners can have some troubles to adjust. Do america's teacher wage depends on the child result to a standardized test? It's actually a clever plan. They will destroy ecosystems on the way so its not _perfect_, but it's feasible and will likely work if they fuccessfully find the right kind of tree to start the forest. Greenland is doing it too[1], with a lot of setbacks, but they are starting to recover (albeit slowly) [1] https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/20/climate/icela... > Um the dependency hell is not something I have seen in Windows, but quiet often in Linux. You never had to install 2 different version of php with IIS. My worst internship by far, it took us almost 3 week to get my workstation to work, and my coworkers were windows powerusers. I'd rather spend multiple times 10 minutes to resolve dependency hell than spend again 3*40 hours doing the same thing, just with no understnding of what i'm doing. Which IQ test? IQ as a number alone mean nothing, as you can't make a standardized test for it. And IQ number is a comparison (you calculate the standard deviation). Also, even in clinical tests, multiple scales can be used, and this mesure evolve. And there is no "single number", multple subjects are tested, and now we have another limitation: those tests don't mesure everything, or mesure thing that can evolve. I "scored" 123 on the weshler when i was 8 (or 9) with a really bad spatial visualisation score of 90 (89?). Since i'm now able to play blindchess or to chart a course on a marine map, either my spatial visualisation skills have improved, either people i know hide a lot. And i'm sure i would score way less on the other subjects too, looking back i was a pretty interesting kid, while now i'm an average adult. I'm not saying it's useless, but to me it is way overvaluated by some people. Maybe you can approximate intelligence with an IQ test, but the number itself is meaningless imho. The classification can be used though. I'm not sure about this, but i have no study, only anecdot. I scored 123 at 8 or 9 on the weshler test, and 90 on the spatial visualization part. (that mean that around 60% of the european population was better than me at spatial visualization when i was a kid). However, i'm able to play blindchess and chart a course since i'm a teen, i was probably one of the best at understanding geometry/vectors in highschool and the only math course i wasn't bad at in college were topology and n-dimmension vectorized spaces. If i "blundered" the IQ test, i'm not aware of it (i know i wasn't very cooperative, but still). Maybe i misundertand what spatial vizualisation mean, but i don't think so. Oh and also one part of the test was general knowledge, and i don't believe it can't be trained (like the puzzles/tangrams, symbol recognition or verbal expression tests). If you're right, then it's reassuring for me since i feel like i'm more dumb on multiple subject than when i was a kid. I know it's a hobby, but my favourite youtube Chess teacher is GM Ben Finegold. Yeah, and an imperial pint is half a liter, whereas the us pint is somethin like 0.46 liter if i remember correctly. Somehow, in France, "Pinte" is still used for beer, "livre" (pound) was still used recently in cook books for butter, and we still use some weird non-metrics mesurment like "corde" for raw wood. I remember my philosophy teacher saying to the class that we can make 3 hypothesis: - Technology can advance until we can make simulation undicernable from reality: in this case, we are likely to live in this simulation - Any civilisation comming close to the previous point is likely to already have destroyed itself. In this case, living in a similation is unlikely, - Technology can't advance to this point in our universe. Living in a simulation is impossible. On of these proposition is true, but we are unable to know which one. So we have to put an equal weight on those, and the probability that we live in a simulation is 1/3. Sadly (or hopefully), Church-Turing conjecture is somehow backing the 3rd theory too, and i'll by anything coming from Turing. Windows10 did a good job right now from what i've seen, but the first time i went back on windows after a year of code on linux/mac with a friend high on tuning your tools and workstations to your needs, it never really felt "good". Granted, i had to use netbeans and this was on 7 (or 8), but when you're used to the tools and you understand the system (not system as in OS, but how everything work, where to look if you have issues etc), it's really hard to switch. On the other hand, those 6 month using windows made me really respect windows sysadmins. Be carefull though, even though it's not chemecally addictive (at least the 2 people around me who used to smoke everyday successfully stopped within a two-week period without difficulties), there are some unknowns around cannabis effect when mixed with tobbacco. If you're already at risk for heart issues (genetics, overweight, male, black), you'll want to slow down consomption (cake, pure pot seems to be still okay). Also, like psychotrops or anything that numb your sensations or slow your brain (alcool, keta, fenta), it might have an effect on developing brains, so don't take too much until you're 24-25. Again, studies are pending (the war on drugs really killed of research at some point). That said, it is a valid brainhack for anxious people from my experience. My sister used to be an almost daily user for 3 years, and augmented consomption again after a rape (2 joint a day when she started living at my place). Still, after a year, familly support, a diploma, a great job, a non-abusive boyfriend and now an appartment, she is "clean" since early november, after her first try at stopping. I'm pretty sure she'll smoke again on some weekends or for new year eve, but it will be for fun and giggles, not because of any addiction. Imo if you're well, it is not really addictive. Carefull though if you're at risk for heart problems (again: genetics, overweight, male), don't take it with tobacco. And like any drug, do not take it alone the first time. My little sister was raped by her boss last year when she was an apprentice[0]. Since she was devastated (and her ex-boyfriend a cunt, pardon my french), she waited 3 day before telling my father, who then took her to the hospital, but it was to late: no evidence we could give the police. Result, the only thing she could do was filing a report at the police station, and now she have to wait for another girl to get raped and go to the police. I still scream "rapist!" when i pass by his restaurant though, twice this year and will do that too at Christmas, and will continue until i get arrested or until i pardon him. I also gave his picture and contact information to all my highschool friends so they can avoid him, as it's a small city and we are around the same age (luckily i'm no living there anymore). My sister's former cooking school now forbid female student to take apprenticeship there (a bit cynical, but well, better than nothing). I was all for "innocent until proven guilty", and still am, but maybe because it's still fresh, i really can't condamn public shaming anymore. [0]I might have the wrong word: she was working on her cooking diploma while working in a restaurant Talk about this with someone you trust (wife, kids if they're old enough, brother and/or sister, best friend...). Talking with people you don't know is nice, but if you're anxious you need to have an open conversation with someone who has known you for a long time. For financial advice i can't help you, though i can give you advice for travels, especially if you don't particulary ike visiting cities: pick a place, then pick something (a hobby) you can learn within two weeks at this place. I've learn skydiving, kitesurfing, and i've improved my windsurf and kayak skills this past two years, and it was much more enkoyable than siviting museums/bars and so on. Also i got back in shape a little, so there is that too. But wasn't the "increase social spending" move called populist by everyone during the 08 crisis? Most of the time, those porting the neo-keynesian theories to the national TV where called populist in my country. And during the presidential election, the populist werent those wanting to cut half the jobs in hospitals but those who wanted either increased social minimum income or the "universal income". The third kind of the so-called populists where those against euro or/and against immigration. Did you really check your affirmation, or is this just something that you think is an universal truth because you feel it's true in you country/social circle? But the Five Star was called a populist party by most of the european media (and italian ones: see Il Tempo, L’Unione Sarda and Il Fatto Quotidiano after the election night), so you are undermining the point with your example. You can still travel and work across europe for now, as long as a brexit deal is reached. You have a fine startup scene in the baltic, crazy startup in Paris and Berlin (tbh, it'll be easier in germany right now), you have really professinnal, interesting companies in the Netherlands, Lille or Hambourg if your thing is devops/non-web dev. With the AI4EU project, you can also land a job building tools for machine learning[1]. We have plenty of oportunities here. [1] Honestly, it'll mostly be integrating different ML opensource solutions together and maybe some FOSS contribution from what i've seen. If you're not a native english speaker working in tech, google will sometime show you (in my case) French forums or websites even if the query was entirely written in english. It is quite annoying, and i often get better results using ddg and !g than using google itself. We do a weekly meeting every monday morning, and i think as long as you work remotly, you can be as productive as any other day while in a meeting. And if your manager is good, he will only get your attention back when needed. Actually, some of my best ideas/hacks came to me during seemingly boring (remote) meetings. I agree with you with non-remote meetings though, they are highly improductive to me. Don't you have at least a raise up to the yearly inflation? If not, you should vote for a prop like this in your country. I've lost ~15 pound by cutting sugar, pasta and white bread. I also eat smaller portions overall, but i think this is a side effect. I paid for a private hospital in France ~15k for a surgery and 14 days in a single-atient room with quality food and available nurses. Only the drugs (and anesthesia) are subzidized and paid for by the national healthcare. The high-quality room, the transportation, the doctor and his team were paid by me. If a 2 hour surgery and 14 recuperation days cost is around the same in the US, you're not overpaying; if it's not, you are, even if you're well-off. And it's true for any country. There is already a complete lisp tool being implemented, aiming to take advantage of C++ libraries called Clasp. You can also take a look to some major Clisp/scheme libraries like biolisp (i think it's the name). I'd never make a group project in common lisp if this project do not involve either a finite-state machine or a DSL (rewriting a prolog interpretor in lisp is a breeze), and in this case, the language fits perfectly imho. I don't know if it's innovative, but you can look at https://www.nexedi.com/ . They are open source, you can find all their projects on their gitlab: https://lab.nexedi.com/nexedi . They are selling services and the fact that you have to understand a lot of their tech before you can even contribute (let alone "steal") help a lot. Your Senate works weirdly, why a 60% majority is needed for budget allocation? Do you have a link that explain that well (if possible non-partisan link)? I've heard that most illegals arrested at the borders (airports too) or when detected are supposed to wait until judgment (hence cages last year i guess?), but the justice Dpt is so underfunded that it take a really long time to pass judgment, and people end up staying. It was in a meetup around 2015, a French man who overstayed his visa to launch his company in Florida (something about autofilling paperwork for tutition and taxes). He got arrested 6 month before the launch date, still launched the product in time, then paid a lawyer to get away since his first visa was tied to an abusive company. Why not giving those 5 Billion to accelerate those judgments, see what happens? I might be more effective. And if you think a wall is effective, you should see how gibraltar handle border security, and ask them why they don't just build a wall. It may be less true now than when i visited northern morocco in my teens, but i have the feeling than people in charge of border security there might be puzzled by the idea. It's not a wall, and it's not seven layer everywhere. A wall is shooting yourself in the foot, seven layer is just the entry point. If you never went to gibraltar, please, please don't propagate false claims. Multiple videos exist that explain how the EU border there work, you can easely check if someone lied to you, so please do. Oh, this is why filibusters aren't done all the time. This is weird to allow that for a budget vote though, since budget is more about the executive part of the government than legislative. Thank you. This is actually a fairly accurate video (and it seems that it is worst than when i was there 15 years ago somehow, the ditch and the morrocan side fences are new). I don't like that some opinion were leaking through the depiction of facts (even if i have the same opinion) though, but i understand this is hard. You can see this not a wall (because you can't see through walls obviously), and that this is not effective without border security agent. Do you know that even with a see-through fence and cncrete floor, people were still able to dig themselves in? They though about creating an artificial underground river alongside a the time (it is probably replaced by the ditch now). They hired a team of engineer in the late 90s (or early 20s at least) to create a secure door system that won't force people from morocco who work there to wait unknown amount of time. If maquiladoras are still a thing, you might have to do the same. I don't think a wall is a good idea, but maybe US should try it. Please be accurate though, if you want to have an efficient border "wall", it should never be a wall, but a fence, and you should actually have border agent monitoring the fence at all time. Also thank you for the video, i'll binge watch this tonight. Thank you so much. The main risk in "artificial" GMOs are that the evolved species might be a bit too adapted to the environment and start to replace the original and/or destroy species from the old biome (because new toxins kill usefull insect or small bugs, or because its taking to much from the soil thus kill surounding trees and plants...). Other concerns exist (especially when playing around viruses or other self-repliquant organisms). I had two really long discussions (hours) with a former PhD in genetic, although he did not wrote anything about DNA: he was studying population of plants, insects and sometime cattle. From what i understood, the issue with GMOs is that the change is too fast, and other organisms from the same ecosystem often can't adapt. But this case sometime appear with "natural" settings too. And human exploitation of ressources have the exact same effect, but often without any scientist to limit the damage, as they are called after most of the damage are done. I wrote a small supervisord ripoff in go just after its launch, it was at the same time frustrating and enjoyable. I will have a week off in less than a month, do you think i should build a similar elixir app just to learn the language? Or do you have any idea of a better well known programm to build to "learn" the language in a week? Frog or Froggy was never racist to me. It might depend on who's saying it and his/her intentions though. Union works this way in the US? Wow, this is not a clever way to achieve anything. I understand why some people are anti-union then. I wasn't obese, but overweight (10 to 15 kg above the baseline for my height), and i did had craving i thought i could not stop. A 3 day diet made me understand that the feeling of hunger is just that, a feeling, and some willpower was needed to ignore that. Hormonal imbalance caused by overeating was in my case worst than the hormonal imbalance caused by lessening the amount of food i ingested, so it wasn't this hard to stop. Also my life improved a lot around that time (credit, job, appartment, relations), this might have helped too. Language-wise, assembly and C will allow you to excel at debugging. And debuging will make you earn a lot of money if you're interested, or will help you spending more time on developpement cycles. For training, i think you should try some easy "security challenge" that exist on the web, especially those based on shell, network and assembly with no stack-protection. They are not usable in the "real world" (well, some shell exploit might still work tbh), but you will learn how to use debugging tools efficiently, as well as reading assembly. If you want to be a devops, those skills are very important imho. In my country, its not illegal to film people in public. Using this film for anything but personal use w/o the explicit consent of every identifiable person on it is illegal and can be charged with jail time (its usually just a fee + public excuses though). I can easily see a similar legislation/formulation for personal data. > Please explain how the statement "tax avoidance in the USA" proves market-friendly policies have been a "failure". This one i can explain. Whether its ordo-liberalism, social liberalism or any kind of post-1929 liberalism, a market-friendly policy aim to brake cartels, monopolies and remove unfair advantages, and help new companies start even in an already competitive field. You can easily see how tax avoidance, easier to avoid for big, international, old companies is a failure of "market-friendly" policies. This is not the only point where those policies fail, but this one of the most obvious. Sadly i don't have any english papers on this, but even really old-school liberals (like the ones you can proably see on fox, although i don't know if they invite PhD or lobbyists there) are saying this is becoming an issue. Also income inequality should never be a problem. Wealth inequality, however, especially when more money is gained from wealth than from work, is. And its easy to fix: less tax on work income, more taxes on wealth/wealth income. There. Although it's not completely pseudoscience, in a sense that microexpressions do exist. You can't detect most of them with your bare eyes, and those you can detect (pupil dilatation) are not significative and can be caused by external factors. I heard in a skeptic podcast that the "ripple under the eyes" in case of a true smile is not fake though, its one of the few thing they got right (not the first time a pseudoscience got some part right, but this time it not just lucky). i disagree with the main article, but he is right. C++ was supposed to be more than just browsers, GUI and video games: it shuold have been a better C. It failed. It was supposed to be more secure than C. It failed. Mostly the OOP failed part, because it wasn't that good of an idea (usefull in some case, to do geometry and grapic stuff, and for other, specific cases). And Java's "everything is an object" did not help C++, with countless students trained on Java then writing software with C++ and doing awfull things everywhere. C++15 is really fun to work with in new, clean projects, with either new or very ancient C++ devs, but i would get away from any proposition including a pre-2013 C++ codebase and any "rockstar"/"genius" C++ dev with 2-10 years of C++ experience as a lead. And by the way, nowadays python and Js replaced C++ in the GUI usecase (yes, electron is written with C++, this is not my point). Well. He is seen as right-wing in france (i.e close to the money). Average older citizen do like people who will protect their rent system and who seems to add stability, that's why they voted for him. Wheras most of my non-economically challenged younger friends prefer a bit of chaos and a high-ish inflation, and did not. I got the /s at the end, and i understand why you formulate your opinion like this (i would probably do the same outside HN) but this is quite misleading. I think until France 4+ subs with atomics missils onboard are found and destroyed, EU is pretty safe from conquering even without the US. Whether it's karmic reincarnation or an afterlife, the morality type it generate is the same. Nietzsche seriously need to be taught/explained early so people stop with this "slave" mentality (i'm paraphrasing here). And maybe more didactic consciouness philosophers could be taught as well, for even in non-materialist theory, monism (that did not need "god hypothesis" unlike most dualism) seems to be mainstream. And perhaps people (esp those interested in psychology, neurosciences and/or IA) could be lured into materialist illusionism (insert maniac laugh here). People in Charleston WV are super nice (but we were caucasian so it might have helped). They might be _sightly_ surprised that someone from another country chose their place as a vacation/tourist spot however (despite amazing rivers). This is a really, really good news. However i really don't like the fact that again we talk that much about PV solar energy. As utility, spot electricity generator, they are fine (and way more effective than thermal), but as far as solar farm are concerned, we should lobby for thermal if the water supply allows it. Ten years ago in France, it was around 279€ and since my familly was in the lowest quintile, it was covered by the state. But i've hear that the true cost was in fact 3.8K€ per student, up to 7K per student if you count lodging. Or around 10K$. For "Elite" schools the upfront cost is between 7K and 15K, and you can add 2K for the true cost (paid in taxes, VAT or income) and 3k for lodging. I say elite but the best school in France for math is actually a public university (ranked 5th in the world or around that), and you can get this for almost free if your parents are poor. i still have not. "pseudo-masculine tough guy" aesthetic are efficient, especially for learning/reading space (80% of my time spent on the net). It does not have to be as ugly as "better f ing website", but still. Maybe, just maybe, when you're in a plane that does not respond to your commands, you want to have a look at the most likely possibility: the autopilot did not disengage, or the autopilot malfunctionned and prevents you to get full control of the airplane. IF hte pilots knew about MCAS, they would likely have checked that instead, but they did not. Most pilots are rationnal and pretty smart people. Implying that two of them are stupid enough to "play" with the autopilot in this situation is pretty insulting. This kind of reactions are interesting though. I might tour facebook, twitter and reddit to see if it's widespread. It really depends where in the US. I've recently been the wild state of West Virginia, and while you can meet stereotypical "rednecks", every person i met in a position to help me helped me, and everyone was very welcoming. I did not experience the same in California except maybe around Bishop. /off-topic If you are making claims like this, you might want to source it. Like a Jimmy wales interview link, a wikipedia link to a "sensitive" topic that have been politized (that does not prove anything but still show that you've done some research). Also generalization is bad. You might want to visit a skeptic association and follow a course about human cognitive bias (it is helpfull, but it won't "cure" you from them, just make you more self-aware). Also keep in mind that right now, debt is often monatory creation. If this debt is reimbursed, it might slow the economy and might create a deflation and push the growth of GPD to th negative (GPD is a bad indicator, but for stuff like that it is quite usefull). Its not likely, but still, people often forget that debt is good for our current economies. I stopped following GoT since S05E04 or around that so i did not see nor do i understand what's all this noise; but from the writing lessons i took years ago i learned that foreshadowing is NOT character development. If you use foreshadowing, especially if it's not subtle, you still have to "earn" your twist (see: Frodo if front of Mt Doom, Gollum). You can only foreshadow and drop hints about a character changes if you do those change away from the action (the protagonist that will change is away from the limited narrator), or if the spectator do not know the character that well (he is one of the antagonist). Let's compare to other "masterpieces" with a lot of public love. Does the character change feel as justified as Darth Vader's one in Return of the Jedi? Or even as Severus Rogue (Harry potter) change? Those change are not really well written imho (a bit too rushed for the 1rst one, a bit forced for the second, but that's only my opinion). If the character change in GOT is not at least on this level, i would understand why people are disapointed. The error GoT have done for me is from way back. The first few seasons used realistic plot, few plothole, believable and clever characters, pretty realistic choices and political stuff. My suspension of credulity bar was set pretty low. Season 4 was weird regarding time and distance, but still mostly believable (and the dialogs were really good too). But S05 broke my suspension of credulity almost every 10 minutes and that made the show a bit boring (imo). That's the issue for GoT: they did set the bar too high at first, then couldn't reach the same level again. By targeting Boeing, they really are targeting FAA power over other national or transnational agencies. Can this cause repercussion on other US agency power? I know that FDA ruling is mostly ignored in western countries, and this do not impact any other US-based agencies, so maybe it won't have any other consequences. If this only impact Boeing the US should be glad. And Boeing deserve a slap anyway. Their decision killed more than 300 people and the people responsible won't really be impacted (as the marginal utility of the money decrease the more you already have). Bamboo straws for both home and bar use are pretty neat. I don't know if its true for children, but for grown men and women it feel better, at least. And those cost a less (especially if you already have small bamboo home and friend with woodwork equipement). I thought all vegetable oils were bad when heated (and also provide few nutrients, unlike animal-based grease/fat). In the short term yes. In the long term, i'm not so sure. If no revolution take place in China, they might come out stronger in ~20 years. [edit] Also this trade war is gold for the propaganda. While the wealthy/educated people don't buy it too much, it helps Xi and his government with the "mass", thus strenghtening his power. Your current presidential administration is not the norm. Most countries keep highly knowledgable/connected people from one administration to another, without changing them despite different political colors, especially diplomatic administration. Trump did not name enough ambassadors, and everything turned out pretty well, no? That's because US ambassies work pretty well w/o any ambassador. Those are just prestigial distinctions, the workers don't really change. At least in France, there is at least 5 power: the administration is the 5th, and it should not be underestimated. Not a solution for everything, but focused websites/blogs (on guitar, camping, kayaking... Or even painting) can afford "ads" with no tracking (link to amazon products), or even invest some time to call specialized stores about single image ads without using any advertising network. II.B.15: use, under any circumstance, any open source software subject to the GNU Affero General Public License v.3, or greater; That's spooky. Any idea why? And if it's not the majority definition and does actually not improve the search experience, the market will punish them for it. I'm nearly degooglized (youtube vulgarisation videos are hard to pass sadly), i'm not a fan of their policies and their control of the market, but come on, this argument do not stand. And this is probably their real argument to Trump administration. Historically, you're right. But the meaning of right/left changed post WW2 (some would say WW1), at least in most european countries. 31 BMI is highly unhealthy, i know it was mine 2 years ago. You don't look "obese", but when fat start to show on your cheeks, you have to stop eating that much sugar immediatly. I'm less than 30 and i my ankle/knees are hurting like i was 40. I couldn't run, and running is still really, really hard on my ankles (after 40 minute i start to feel lot of pain). Even walking too much (more than ~7/8 kilometers) hurts. It's not beause you don't "look" obese than you are not. And i have freaking hearth issue (it's not genetic, none of my grandparent ever had heart issues, and most of my great-grandparent lived to 100 yo or near that. I still have 26.8 BMI and i'm aiming 23-24 as i'm not a very muscular guy. I'll have to agree though, alcoolism is worst than low obesity. Etanol is as bad as fructose for the liver, and worst for everything else too. Well, races are artificially created by inbreeding and culling. I don't know if it have ever been done for humans, but this might be the wrong word. And i won't trust any geneticist who don't know that given that a geneticist taught me that. The actual piece is imho more interesting and less opiniated: https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2019/07/educati... Workers are poorer. That's the issue. Wage slave is not just a fancy association of world, it is now the state of a lot of people. This article is misrepresenting the truth. Maybe the majority of the waste mass is really uranium (i doubt it, but i'm no expert), but from what i heard from an EPR engineer, the volume of this waste is in fact tools, clothing, used part that have been replaced and stuff like that. Not hard to take care of, and waste that contain very low level of radioactivity, but this should be the majority of nuclear waste, and this is not "mostly fuel" in any case. Please be precise. > Hot summers probably come with milder winters Even if the thermohaline circulation that makes europe winter quite mild is not disturbed, prediction for climate change is colder winter, hotter summer, more flooding and stronger storms. Hopefully there will be some positive feedback loop we did not find about yet. I'm not pro-China in any case, i really believe in liberalism, but i think in history, and with the exception of Tibet (That's not really an exception tbh if you get back in the historical context), China was never known for waging exterior wars. Internal wars however... Yeah, i understand. hosting your own mattermost (or other slack clone) is not enough for you? You can also have 2 self-hosted solution on different servers (one on our own, one on any CSP), in case your server fails. If you're a big enough company (more than 60 people if computer are your means of production, around a thousand if not), you should have your own server and a fallback on a CSP. Just pay some guy in India/South Africa to manage all your internal services and architecture. If they are sensible and you need to trust the guy, just pay him well and hire locally. I can set you up a resillient architecture and 3 services (communication, documentation, filesharing) in less than two weeks (let's say two weeks and a half because security concerns/limitations and all that stuff). Add one week and you will have mail server, VOIP communication, log conservation and monitoring, backup images on CEPH, vnc service for "easy" maintainance and a small documentation explaining the few action needed to maintain the monster for two years. Initial cost for a company: 15 to 25k$, + 1 hour and ~100$ a month. This is false. Sufficient evidence was found in the 40s, but tobacco was seen as a threat by some scientists/doctors way before. And today we have a much better understanding of epidemiology, so any cancer glyphosate enhance would have been discovered already. And we did: NHL. Theories about efficient market/exchange is _liberalism_. Capitalism is an ideology about who own the means of production: in this case, the person who own the capital. When the state OR a "commune" owns the mean of production, this is communism. But you can definitively have a "free market communism", except WTO will probably disagree on whether product issued by a state controlled industry really respect its rules. You can also the two, like in the nordic countries (or germany) where employee actually have voting power about the strtegic orientation of the company (actually i think employees are considered "owning" 30% of the issued shares or something like that). From a (weird) point of view, this is 70% capitalism, 30% communism. is this a reference to : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_true_Scotsman ? >In my experience "free" healthcare stops being a thing once you get above certain income level as the service provided by the public healthcare facilities is subpar (waiting lists huge, best specialists often work at private clinics, etc.) so you end up going private but you still end up paying a huge chunk of your income in tax. This is true, but this is not that bad. The basic social security indeed stop being a thing once you earn enough. But if you earn that much, your work will provide you with an insurance that start at 50€/month to 250€/month that will cover A LOT of what you would have to pay in a private care clinic. You will still have to pay for the surgeon (especially if he is well known), but not the full cost. The problem has been going since Douglas bought Boeing with Boeing money. Douglas shifted in the 80s to a state monopoly culture, where politics is more important than engineering and safety (see DC-10), a bit like lockeed martin. Boeing was still a company "a la" Dyson, led by engineers before the acquisition (in 97). I think the first Boeing non-engineer CEO was hired in 2004. Yes. DNA probably "evolved" from RNA. Keep im mind that the time scale is huge and that at the time, the earth was really hot and pressurized, so we can only have speculations. A posituve thing is that in Miller experiment, he found out that those conditions create aminate acids. That also indicate that panspermia theory is unlikely (not impossible, but not Occam's razor choice at least). It is interesting, but following Popper's epistemology rules, this hypothesis is not scientific. So saying it is a not-widely-accepted theory is right, but with reasons: this is not a theory. Not that just because a hypothesis is not scientific, it doesn't mean that people can not research or fine-tune it until it become a scientific theory, but in this state, spending public research credit on it is not a very good choice (especially in the current state of funding for biology). (it can be read wrong, my command of english is not great: i'm just adding thing to your comment, this is not a critisism of you or what you said) The real solution is what companies did until early 90s: you cut your company in multiple parts and let those unprofitable bust (and try to sell them before they do). Market consolidation is the worst if you're a pro-market guy. And they have an history with FBW-caused accidents. Especially AF296 killed 3 people when they try to demonstrate the anti-stall capacity of the FBW during an airshow. Airbus modified the way the fbw control reclamation worked after this. After the Rio-Paris accident (forgot the flight name, it was AF too), they changed the way the degradation worked wehn sensor fails (i think now 3 different mode exists, and information is more visible). Those incident killed people, and there is a chance that the first one was actually caused only by the manufacturer (the second one was 99% the pilot though, the remaining 1% was: better information, better sims and better gradation so that even new, tired pilot can't make this kind of mistake). I thought the "i" was for "insert" and f for "find" (that i use a lot to move quickly in a line in vi/spacemacs). But i am wrong, and realising made me smile a bit. This is BS though. I used to work with " 10" devs (more like 2 tbh) and the only way to be at their level is to: - Have a lot of creativity and nerves (because sometime you have to "hack" something in a really short time). They can be 10 in this case. - Know your tools and your product really, really well. - Be on point on everything surrounding your product: basics on GUI, network, hardware, security and crypto (even if your basic on crypto is "do not run your own crypto", its enough). Also the 2 10 i met were not jerks, and one i only talked to via skype was just a bit arrogant but nothing unsufferable, so to me it is a urban legend. I think his point is that what's considered "leftward" in the US is actually not really leftward for the rest of the word, so for him, the "left bias" is actually a "normal bias". Not exactly. From what i understood, this article is telling that if someone feel he is better at reading/comprehension than he is at math, he is more likely to not go into math-related field, regardless of his math performance compared to the average. To dumb it up, most of the time, you don't go into a math-related field because you compare your math skills with other, but because you compare your math skills with your own reading skills (at least when you're young). It feels right, it was a really tough choice between math and philosophy for me and only peer pressure sent me to STEMs (and i sometime regret it). I'm gonna wait until replication is done until i define an opinion. Try C maybe? It is still updated, but only really minor tweaks for optimisation. Also Common lisp specs never changed since the 90s and is still usefull as a "quick and dirty" language, with few basic knowledge required. But the "basic feature set" can make everything, so the "understand any code" is not really respected. Maybe Clojure is easier to understand (and also has a more limited base feature set, with no CLOS). I'm sorry, for me it still more of a "how to define data" that "thinking in type". Full disclosure, i would create a struct like this: typedef struct Transactions { int value; char currency; } Transaction; (sorry for the naming and the poor c code, i've not done any c since 2016). If the transaction value can be superior to 21 thousands (or if the code is deployed on a 32bit system, or if i want my floating point value high), maybe i would use a long, and probably an enum to keep track of the different currencies the second time i pass over the module. Maybe even a field (or a macro outside the struct) with the floating point value (4 to 6 seems good enough tbh). I'm an "int, char, loop" guy, at least at first, especially if i have to write something from scratch. Thinking in "object" or "type" makes me uncomfortable except when it is for interfaces (but GUI makes me uncomfortable too, so...). I feel this is inefficient, and that well-defined/organized data should not need such complex handlers in most cases. Well, for free camping, not evrywhere, but municipalities in the south often provide it as an alternative to the forbidden wilderness camping. Well, this happened in France circa 2008 in a state company becoming private. The suicide rate was bit superior to the population average, but not that much. So the CEO argument during trial was to compare the suicide rate to cop's suicide rate and say "that's not too bad". This is dumb. You should compare to the suicide rate in similar company, or if you cna't find similar company in your country, you take the suicide rate 5 years prior and adjust for intangibles. Turns out the suicide rate in telco was way inferior to the population average prior to the "new management" methods. The ex-CEO will probably avoid prison still. But the trial isn't over yet, so anything can happen. Most investigative journalism, at least in France, only live from subscribtion. And it is starting to works pretty well. You might want to target eastern Africa. Not all countries, but Ethiopia and maybe some countries in the EAC (especially if the constitution is accepted by all). As long as western Africa does not break free from the CFA, i don't see any equivalent there anytime soon. or you know, maybe just using the new "easy" tech of lignin removel through oxidation. But you're right, we can't excessively clean the forest of organic "waste". More than a week for a doctor? It is possible in large city, especially if you don't want (or can't afford) to pay a premium (at least in Paris). Never had any troubles in Munich, Liege, Lille or Rennes though. The premiums are not really fair for the people living in those cities, but with the square meter price, it is understandable that cost increase for medecine too. But if you think you have an emergency (and no money), you can still get to a hospital (at least in France). University hospitals are great too (if you have one nearby), because if your affliction is weird, you'll get some of the best doctors available to help you. Clermont-Ferrand dental surgery speciality saved two of my teeth when i was 16 and my mother on minimal income for the grand total of 0€. Any private dentist would not have bothered and have removed those two and replaced then with false ones (the teeth were stuck into the jaw bones if you want details), for probably much more. Yes. French hospitals are underfunded and desesperate right now. They cut corners everytime they can, often on the back of nurses and mediacl assistants (who are wholly underpaid). Doctors are in an okay position, but some specialties lack specialists (especially in position where French medical education is really good, or very lucrative: i.e. surgery and anesthesia). We are far from a great medical country. I would happily give another 100€ per month to resolve those issue (and i do somehow with not asking for rembursment after consultations as i can easely afford those). My biological grandfather (long story) is considered poor in the US, and is at the very bottom of the social hierarchy (you know, early 70 hippies that got stuck in the past?). Yet he lives way better than at least half the US population imo, and would never trade his place with the other half. He live in a cabin in West Virginia, share 100 acres with two other people, have access to a natural gaz well for 100$ a year (shared with 4 other people). Free food, almost free gaz, free beer, and he make 20 to 50 bucks a month from playing banjo at local jam/bars. Well, winter sucks up there in the hills, but still. I think that the most he have worked in a year was 3 month doing odd construction jobs (I think the town name was Akron). Being poor doesn't suck because you're poor, it sucks because you don't live well enough and you can't really enjoy life. If you're poor but live well enough, it doesn't really matter. I don't know how people manage without at least 5 weeks of holidays per year. I know i have troubles without at least 7. The corruption was there before the military coup. I think the only coup that did not involve prior corruption was the one against Mosaddegh (and still, the country was still corrupted from his predecessor). Also this was probably the coup that finished any hope of peace and democracy in the middle east. > When managed badly it can make an area the size of Europe uninhabitable Citation needed > as Chernobyl might have done No. If you take all the waste in Chernobyl as well as all the fuel, and dissiminate all around Europe equally, it will sightly increase the natural radioactivity, and in some place this increas would be laughably negligeable (Wales, Brittany, probably others). Also, you should be aware than risk =/= danger, so even if your argument were true, it would not be receivable in any non-political debate. Plus the pressurized water reactors reduce the risk so much than even the Tsunami the provocked Fukushima would probably just paralize the reactors sightly. But the FUD spread by anti-nuclear activists, uniformed people and media killed more than all the nuclear incident in the last 60 years. And i'm not counting the social exclusion cost or even the abortions caused by all the bull . Interesting to read, but maybe to simplistic? I mean, asynchronous communication and synchronous communication each have advantages depending on the work. If I have to code something completely new, i want to be able to work alone with no distraction (and email is still king of asynchronous communication). If i'm debuging or if i'm doing ops stuff, having other devops around me help, whether its by my side or with a shared screen + audio. Human are not robot, and i think/feel that foc creative/innovative tasks, async is the way to go. >A chicken has the awareness of a bug I this true? I thought that all birds were highly intelligents. Although they don't have any pack instinct, chicken still have a peck order, that mean that they recognize individuality. Thus they probably have a sense of self. If consiousness is an illusion created by senses, they probably have a conscience too then. I don't know about "Science", it's too broad, but a valid scientific theory must valid the "refutability" point, and not respond "this is an exception!" when this point is reached. How many scientific theories does Econ have is a much more interesting question than "is Econ a science?", at leat to me. > My personal experience Well this the point. Personnal experience is flawed and unreliable. In my personnal experience, something that weight more should fall faster. This is not the case. Which economic theory enuce clearly the subset of conditions required to be true and fit the refutability criterion? For chemistry: all of them. Are group and ring theory not a science, or are they not mathematics? > It's what the vast majority of people and businesses do with their money. The vast majority of people invest in founds that deals with short-term gambling. Heard of LTCM? They didnt. They said both time, with a different point of view (different bias if you will), that this is too early to draw conclusion. Any rationnal person would do the same. The issue is not really hormones (they are the political reason, but not the technical one). The true issue is the antibotic abuse: this is a bio threat, especially for farmers and rural guys. Let's say you're walking your dog in the countryside. You fall somewhere, it gets infected, so you get some antibiotics. Those antibiotics do not work after 3 days because they were used in the next door farm, and bacteria is used to them. Now you have two solutions: * you are educated (or at least knowledgeable) and you know that if the antibiotics do not show any effect after 3 days, this is caused by resistance, so you go to the doctor again and he gives you type2 antibiotics. * You are not knowledgable and you let the infection get worse. You have two new solutions: * * You're young and in good enough shape: depending on the bacteria type, you will suffer for some time, probably have troubles walking and lasting scars. * * Are you old and/or in a bad shape? Tough luck. Depending on the bacteria type, you might die. Sorry, a bit of-topic, but is kale that expensive? In France it's like twice the price of romanesco (despite being harder to prepare tbh) but still pretty cheap (like 6€/kg). But you force them to compete with you. And this kills people as well: France does not have as much available land as the US does, we cannot squander it away. We can't afford a spill like the one in WV from a few year back, it would kill hundreds of people. and destroy a high percentage of our lands. I'm pretty sure the spill have never made to the national headline: that's how much land you have. In France we would talk about this for years. Our farms are way closer from the cities than yours, we cannot afford to feed our beefs and chickens with antibiotics and just hope for the best and pray it will have no impact. Please understand that we don't have the same population concentration, nor the same money to hide/fix the issues caused by the farming industry. Go visit back-to-landers hippies from the early 70s, they lived quasi of-grid for almost 50 years now, all play music everyday, some of them (the youngest) can still ride their horses everyday, and they eat whatever they grow. Poorest people in the US, poorest than some homeless, but they still live really well, and better than most i shall say. They chose how to live their dreams, did it for ~50 years and still ended up pretty comfortably. If they had the same viewpoint you have, they would probably have lived miserably until an Oxycontin OD. Well, if someone is taking Jung and Freud seriously, not really understanding him/her should be an average reaction. Not paying attention should be the hypersane (or, you know, rational and mysentropic) reaction, and believing the writing the insane/irrationnal reaction. That said Jung made some philosophical points, so you can't reject everything he wrote. But it's not enough to take him seriously. > The global average temperature has been higher than that in the past Yes > there was plenty of oxygen in the atmosphere. Well, citation needed. Because macroeconomy is a large subset of economy, and wereas some subset of macroeconomy are well-understood, how those subsets interact with each other and with human/group psychology, however, is way harder to understand. But also, you can be right for the wrong reason, especially in "soft" sciences. This is really off-topic. He tought that ICE actions are immoral, therefore helping them is immoral, and decided to remove his FREE (as in freedom) software from his github account. This has nothing to do with legal or illegal immigration. Btw i'll stay off-topic with you: the waiting list for legal immigration is more than 20 year if you're from Mexico, up to 60 if its for familly reasons (so a son, a daughter, a wife or parents). This have some interesting effects (if the green card holder of the family die, what happen to those that remains, even if they lived in the US for 20 years?) And what about the companies that hire illegal immigrants? Why are the fines so small. If you want to prevent illegal immigrant to "take away jobs", simple: higher fines for companies and incentives for illegal immigrants to denounce the company they are working for. This should do the job just fine. > Considering the right to be forgotten is closely married to the right to erasure How? The right to be forgotten is just basically asking google/yahoo/bing/qwant not to put articles that can hurt one's reputation if asked. Imagine the only thing you're known for is a pedophilia case were you were first condamned, then release because it appears the children (and some of the really guilty) have lied: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outreau_trial You might want your name removed from google. Maybe. The right to erasure is just your furnishing your own personnal data to a service provider and then asking them to remove all the data they have on you they can delete. In the last case, you have a direct, business relation to the service provider. In the first one you don't. Best healthcare provider in the UCAS! > If you really are working in such a sweatshop where saving a couple of seconds a day is something you need to think about, then you have my pitty and condolences! At least for me, not every single waking second of my work day is spent hammering out code - I am probably only actively typing in new code perhaps 20-25% of the time max with the rest going on reading existing code, stepping through a debugger, dealing with tickets/bugs, running tests, doing emails, meetings etc etc. The reason to not having to move your fingers/arms much is not about time. You just stay in the zone longer, you have less possibilities of distractions... It is about comfort and not disturbing the flow. It's the same with music (wether is jazz or blues at least). Good intrumentists just don't move their hands much, lest their instrument goes in the way of their improvisation. 60% of the time, our job is quite boring, so make sure you really enjoy the 40% that's left. And he based some of his example on "facts" tht were debunked in the 70s. In fact i think i remember one of his argument was so easily recognisable as debunked that i thought "Well, writting a paper on sociology without having ever read sociology papers, who taught this guy?". It's not even Donning-kruger, because he did not even had the basics. I mean, come on, if it was a paper in any other field, even economy, people here at HN would have either ignored him or called him out. Anyway he was dumb and should not have been fired (unless this essay looked like his work at Google). > What do they possibly have to gain from taking these adversarial positions in such hotly contested issues? Is it really possible that they are grossly misinformed too? Yes. They also have kids with working immune system and if their children get measles, they have enough money to have them checked before anything debilitating happens. The child of my mother's cousins died in 2016 because he couldnt get vaccinated (his immune system was too weak), and those antivax who chose not to vaccine their children disturbed the herd immunity. Murderers. Well antivaxxer in France caused the death of at least one child in 2016 (who could not get vaccinated because of a weak immune system). They might be other cases. Does the responsibility of murder dilute when enough people is involved? At this school were this happened, the only antivaxxers who showed guilt were the ones whose children will have sequela. I know its not possible, but let those antivax live in the same communities and develop their own immunity w/o vaccines. Or at least, when a kid can't get vaccinated, let his parent know if the school is safe. Russia feels they never lost on their own territory. They stopped Napoleon and Hitler. They are sure that they would win any war, and indeed never felt they lost the cold war, at least as Russians. China however lost multiple time (in history) against "inferior", cruel or "dumb" enemies because of internal unrest. Those lost caused part of their territory to be under the rule of foreigners for multiple years, decades even in some cases. Nationalism worked great for liberalism in the 18th century, but now it seems it became a tool for any government. I don't know. The wordplays, yes maybe, but the "build a chat" one is pretty interesting. What kind of buffer will you use, how do you handle errors, how did you test, which socket library did you use and why can tell a lot about how you work alone with clear but not well-defined objectives. I was homeless for 9 month in Paris (until i got my first internship), i did not live on the street, i slept at my school or took friends beds when they were out of town, and i think most homeless do the same. And i was not alone, i think we were ~20 to do the out of 400 students. None of us had addiction (i can't tell about mental issue, after all we wanted to be devs). I went to San Francisco 3 years ago with my familly and my sister made some homeless friends. They were not living in the street but in their cars, they had low-pay (or illegal) jobs and did not seems to have any addictions. I think this is a definition issue. Homeless just mean you don't have a home. Please explain to me how Fourier and later Tyndall were wrong about the effect of (misnommed) greenhouse gases on the atmosphere, and how 200 years later no one disproved them. Your analogy is creative, but if you really think the IPCC have no statistician (or that you are a better statitician than them), you might want to read more about the work of IPCC WG1, that will cure the Dunning-kruger while allowing you to work the statistics by yourself. And yes, the IPCC WG3 is alarmist and ignore some conclusions from the WG2, but their job is to push the politicians. I was like you (well, i was skeptical about the WG3 conclusions and the human greenhouse contribution) so i did something really special: i read the rapports! Yes, i know, its crazy, but this is something i think every skeptic should do: read. This is crazy that learning to read scientific papers is not taught until year 3 of college (at least in my country), but i assure you its not that hard, even if you never went to college. From what i heard, non-lethal coronaviruses immunity (so not MERS-CoV, SRAS-CoV or SRAS-CoV2) is lasting 6 month to 2 years, with the reinfection seemingly giving longer immunity. Its not surprising tbh. Anti-inflammatory medication is responsible for some of the death, and NSAID are often taken by people with diabetes (joint pain and stuff like that). Still, uncontrolled glycemy + covid19 will likely put you to ICU, NSAID or not. If you have diabetes and controlled glycemy, (+ you're young and did not consumme NSAID), you're likely to come out OK. northern italy is extremely humid, this is a factor for the flue too. This "Reign of Terror" (La Terreur) is becoming highly controversial amongst academic historians. Don't believe everything on wikipedia, even if it fits your views. Furret and Soboul are most likely the cause of those, but better, or at least more descriptivist/scientific historians like https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michel_Biard or https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Cl%C3%A9ment_Martin are probably closer to the truth. I'm not saying that Furret is a bad historian: he is the reason why we can be closer to the truth, now. By disproving some of the marxist interpretation claims and advancing his own interpretation, he allowed younger historian to do the same to his own, finding proofs through legislative archives that some "French revolution facts" were not really facts, and especially, the legend about the assembly: "La Terreur est a l'ordre du jour". French textbook still have not been updated, and neither was wikipedia :/ Sorry, i'm an history nerd. My sister used to be a cook for two one-star restaurant and a five-star hotel (now in a better paid yet more laid-back job). Your assumption is normal (i had the same) but its false. Even when they reduce some leftovers for sauce/juice, they trow away a lot of food to make it look good. And its even worst for the "grande cuisine" where they throw away multiple dishes when someone at the table goes for a piss and the waiter forgot to tell the cooks. Maybe in fast-food or with bar cuisine this is not the case, but from what i know, they are probable the most inneficient users of food. This one of the last time a duel could replace a proper trial. Somehow, in case an dispute between two nobles could not be resolved in a trial (no witnesses is the first thing that came to mind), they could re-enact thes kind of trial. I think one of the last duel en France was as late as the 1960, between two french politicians, so yes, not the last. I'm not american and i really, really don't care about trump now (i did in 2017 when i wanted an internship in Ohio that was denied cause new policies and all that stuff but i eventually found something better, so i'm not angry about it). Antiviral drugs will always be given to late in this disease case, maybe it can reduce infectuosity but we don't know enough yet. Maybe giving it to everyone to prevent the disease before its even there could be helpfull, but if i had to take HCQ, i will have to stop taking my antihistamine drugs, and going into april/may, this is a big no for me. The fact that it can also reduce the autoimmune reaction is really interesting though, so maybe giving it to mild cases will prevent them to destroy their own cells, but this is also dangerous as the disease can cause myocard lesions (probably the autoimmune reaction, but we don't know yet). In any case, talking about it is useless before more data arrive: even if we could give HCQ to everybody, the lockdown is still necessary until the first wave decrease (at least in France). Don't forge an opinion on something this early, it will be hard to let it go if you're wrong, and being right early don't give you anything. This is with lockdown in place. No lockdown and you could aim for 600 to 2M death in the US alone. ten to twenty time a bad flue year. Also some people are out of the ICU (at least in France) and will have to do 3 to 6 month of reeducation for the best cases. For the worst cases (still in ICU at the moment, at least in Colmar), its 20 years shoved off (lung fibrosis), one of them is younger than me. I guarantee you lethality might be what we're talking about now, but next year it will become secondary. Can't edit anymore (too late) I was wrong, fibrosis did not only appear in ICU patients, but also in patients who were healthy enough to stay home. This is shittier than i thought. """ Guided by the principle ofprimum non nocere (first do no harm), we report a cautionary note on the potential fatal toxicity of chloroquine (CQ) or hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) in combination with anti-diabetic drug metformin. We observed that the combination of CQ or HCQ and metformin, which were used in our studies as potential anti-cancer drugs, killed 30-40% of mice. While our observations in mice may not translate to toxicity in humans, the reports that CQ or HCQ has anti-COVID-19 activity [1], the use of CQ resulting in toxicity and at least one death, and the recent Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) for CQ and HCQ by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) prompted our report. Here we report the lethality of CQ or HCQ in combination with metformin as a warning of its potential serious clinical toxicity. We hope that our report will be helpful to stimulate pharmacovigilance and monitoring of adverse drug reactions with the use of CQ or HCQ, particularly with metformin. """ Maybe just read the introduction instead of writting this kind of complotist nonsense? I know that's not the first thing to read in a usual, well-written scientific paper, but there is a lot of papers about covid19 everyday and clinical papers are weird anyway. HCQ enters trial testing and if we can reduce the number of trial death due to wrong medicamental interactions, it will probably boost the survival of tested people using HCQ, so even if a conspiracy exist, you should be happy that paper like this exist, no? A thing i saw that works against a conspiracy against HCQ is that on french and US website, everyone is talking about HCQ, well or not, but a lot of other, poorer countries put their hope on interferon (as i do: i take chlorphetamine and other antihistamin drugs that can cause tachycardia especially in spring/summer, and i have arythmia => i'd like to avoid another drug with heart-related secondary effect, my kidney and may spleen are in perfect condition, i'd rather ruin them) If i couldn't read spanish, i wouldn't even know about interferon tbh, it's much more promising that HCQ: like HCQ it works in vitro against HIV, but unlike CA that agravate AIDS, interferon works in vivo too. Here an AFP article about interferon and sras-cov2 (spanish, works with google translate: https://factual.afp.com/el-antiviral-cubano-interferon-alfa-... ) Yes, obviously in case of hyperinflammation doctor are giving immunosuppressing drugs, HCQ or other depending on the stocks (and of course the patient history and other drugs given prior). They are very capable people in most cases, urgentists are often very knowledgable, and reanimation doctors are probably the best at interfering/preventing coktail effect. They are not available in all cases, but they try to be there for the most important ones. No one, no scientist is saying with certainty that HCQ does not work at all. However, the maxim is primum non nocere. Are HCQ effects important enough to use it in every case when you can do otherwise? Well, according to the last Raoult study on 80 mild cases, no. 3 hospitalisation, 1 death for 80 cases is around the same result as German/S.K. mild cases who are given no treatment at all (a bit superior, even, but n=80 is clearly not enough). Maybe HCQ reduce contagiosity. In this case, is HCQ more efficient than interferon? I know that i would prefer interferon as my liver and kidneys can take more hit than my heart atm (i already have a medication that cause tachycardia when i overdose it a little + some minor heart issues). Is HCQ more efficient than rinovir? this particular article seems to say that it's not but why should i trust this article more than Raoult and some French articles? Should i take everything (interferon, rinovir, HCQ, CQ) and hope for the best? Or, since i can afford to as i live in a rich country, should i wait the different study results? Thank you, i'm sure they are incompetent idiots that could not prevent their patients to die, after all they have graduated from a third world country and are probably not capable doctors. /s Lasting lungs damage is expected in ~5% of hospitalized cases (not counting ICU/reanimation protocol cases) in eastern France. I'd says it is a significant percentage. We will need to wait a couple month to be sure it is irreversible (pulmonary fibrosis are irreversible for the moment, as we can't chirurgically extract damaged lung tissue yet) and also the extent of this damage. A young lady got asthma for the first time in her life last sunday, asthma that did not left her at least until wednesday (when my cousin told me about it, no news since). As nurses and doctors there now can afford to take vacation now (two-day vacations are vacations when you're working everyday since early march), they will probably have some time to start evaluating the non-deadly damages sometime soon. You assume that all these people have AC current. I know for a fact that at least half a dozen american in West Virginia (lincoln county) get there only electricity with solar panels. Yes, they can access their emails thanks to the public library, but how much longer this public service will stay open? You assume these people all have cars. You know what? The best solution is lifting taxes (most of them don't pay much anyway) and usual phone bills (that are freaking expensive for the service it provides). it will probably cost less than to pay for the last mile. It will impact the upper to middle class who go to paris to visit or to shop, and maybe homeless people living in their cars. middleclass commuters don't park on on-street car parking place, and poor, non-homeless people don't own a car when living in or close to Paris. Also subway cost 35€ a month (well, 70 if you're not working), or ~20 a week if you're a tourist (unless you take one-use ticket, but don't do that, especially if you arrive by the airport). One-use ticket if you stay within Paris last 2 hours and cost ~2€, but it is more expensive if you're not actually in Paris (i think its 15€ from CDG to the center). In europe too? Please explain or take me to a website with a complete explanation of why US supply control fucked up western europe gas prices, i find the stories behind the crisis interesting. You can't rob a word of its meaning. If it encompass to much, you can create a new one or be more precise. Anyway, i think the point of this article is that people that are not scientists themselves can debate with each other, but should avoid perturbing (i'd say polluting even) the scientific debate, whether its by disparaging an adversarial opinion or but elevating a scientits too high (see what has happened with the pr Raoult cult in France). This is too much noise and scientist are people too. At least in France, the liberalisation of our healthcare system from 2005 to today came with a huge drop in efficiency and increase in price (subsidized ofc, as it is still universal healthcare, but still)[0][1]. Act tarification and the bureaucratic ocntrol of the hospital mean that more time is needed for service chiefs to do paperwork instead of... curing people, and the huge increas in private care use is an indicator of the public health service. Also as more and more acts were driven off universal healthcare to private insurance (that your employer have to get for you if you don't have one, but that is paid on your salary) was in fact an increase in cost for everyone. Public healthcare administration cost in France is 18% of their budget [2]. Care to guess what private insurance company administration cost is? 27% for swisslife (i don't know if this account for privatised profits or not sadly). Also nurses and other low-level health workers have low pay compared to the rest of the first world as their salaries did not increase as much as other wokers. [0] https://www.who.int/whr/2000/en/whr00_en.pdf [1] https://www.commonwealthfund.org/chart/2017/health-care-syst... [2] (doing the math myself i found 13% but i think that's because they are also paying the retirement pensions) Well, i don't know about the us you probably have more hospital beds than us, but in france it was absolutely criticla to enforce a lockdown at the time we did. Even with this timely lockdown, we still had to stop intubating >90 yo patients for two weeks (it's getting better). And bear in mind that only a part of one region (1/13th of France basically, not really true but...), not even the whole area, and all the hospital in the region (not the hot area) were so full they had to transfert arounf 20 patients abroad and hundreds to hospital in other regions. My cousin in Colmar, eastern France (SMUR chief) has transfered around 20 people to my other cousin (intensive care anesthetist) in western Brittany. If you have a map: its basically the longest East-West travel you can do in France. In Colmar they also had to close almost all of their non-maternity, non-urgency service, and the number of people dying of overdoses or of too much alcohol (don't have the english word sorry) is at least twice as high (we will have the true numbers in a few months). Also i've said it here before, but young, healthy people who did not had to have invasive respiration (so no ICU) still got out of their sickness with lingering asthma, possibly caused by a pulmonary fibrosis. I found this [0] in English if you don't know what it is. In five to seven years (assuming we find a vaccine for sras-cov2 in two year) we will really start counting our dead, unless we find a non-chirurgical fibrosis cure. [0] https://lungdiseasenews.com/2017/06/16/12-facts-pulmonary-fi... I read that too but actually the case augmentation is not statistically significant yet (comparing d1 and d2 after the reopening is not enough). You'll have to wait until at least d4 to have a better idea and i think they can manage to wait until week two to decide to either go for herd immunity (at R0 ~ 1 this is viable, deadly but viable for healthcare workers) or lock their country for a month again. We are on HN, not on a forum on healthy diet and recipe with this "bolster immune system" nonsense (that i accept reading on those forums). If something seems logical and simple, it just means you have to do your own research. Either you are immunodepressed or you are not. Well, actually you can have an hyperactive immune system, that's what Dr house call a lupus, or a cykotine storm. Really fast and with no details : You can boost your protective response going out and interacting with other people/kids but this will not boost your immune system. I understand this is an easy confusion as the protective response is caused by the immune system but i assure you, this is not the same thing. but they get the connections with the charity. That's why any vaguely defined charity that organize "events" for donors should be under a lot of scrutiny. people should check if the charityPR and lobbying dpt is working for the charity, the founder, or both. we don't know yet. it might hasten the recovery speed, and have not been tested with early patients. Please be carefull with trace element as supplements, only take it if your doctor agree and don't self-medicate. When i was younger a kid in my school almost killed himself with iron poisoning (well, rather his parents almost killed him). Lung scarring is not reversible yet. If it grow too much, it might turn into pulmonary fibrosis and kill you in ~5 year. https://www.lung.org/lung-health-diseases/lung-disease-looku... Other fibrosis can be chirgurgically removed (happened to a semi-pro i know of), but this is not possible for the lungs. No, GB's excess mortality compared to last year is already greater than 35 thousand death, and that's not taking into account the 4-day lag between the actual death and the report (unlike "covid19" hospital death. GB is not testing home sudden death (that are often caused by cardiac arythmia that might be induced even in very mild covid19 cases), so only excess mortality data is reliable: https://www.euromomo.eu/graphs-and-maps/#z-scores-by-country [edit] That said, your argument still stand and in fact is even better with this data Uk exess mortality is already at 35 000, quite close to the "successfull suppression" plan that put the death toll at 40 000. "First, note that ~60k is how many people died and tested positive AND were coded as COVID-19. It's not necessairly how many people died because of a COVID-19 infection. We will not know the real #'s until all-cause death is examined. There appears to be a significant drop in "normal" pneumonia deaths for example. It also ignores the error bars on the testing false/positive/negative rates." Do you have a website like euromomo for excess mortality in the US? Covid19 causes arrhythmia in 7% of cases, even very mild ones [0] and arrhythmia is the main cause of sudden death for people over 40 years old (i have ectopic heartbeat so i'm a bit concerned with this) [0] https://www.uptodate.com/contents/coronavirus-disease-2019-c... Not really, yes we mjight lose some of animal feed crops but in France i know for a fact that even with closed borders we will be able to feed everyone and then some. At most we will reduce our exports. Not counting that we should cut animal protein intake by at least 50%. The only issue was with vegetable are we are employing cheap workers from poorest countries to pick them, but the government notice to allow people to work in the field if they want while still getting unemployment benefits will probably be enough. No. Free markets are theorized in liberalism, capitalism is just a nice way to says that companies belong to people who bought the tools, not peopl who operate them. You can have a communist liberalism (the "liberal anarchism described by Decoeur is pretty close to that), or (better) something in between like in germany or sweeden and Denmark with 33% of the voting power is given to employees, with an annual prime given to them depending on reversed dividends. Germany have a free market but is not a 100% capitalist country. >> 1. some kind of immunity (which I'd think indications are pointing toward, or I'd expect to have seen more repeat contractions by now) Not necessarily, you can have a short-term immunization that only last a year or two. This is why the "herd immunity" might be a poor idea when we don't know much about this virus. Anyway, i demanded a work/vacation visa to NZ for this October, i fear this won't be possible :/ France had social tension prior to the virus (3 month prior healthcare workers were gassed during a protest). If anything we have less social tension now, but it might be starting to build up too and explode. And we are more than self-sufficient concerning agricultural product even with the reduced output caused by the pandemic. We could also reduce our meat intake by 10%, doing so would allow us to export as much food as we did in 2019. I don't think math is political. A scientific theory could be considered political only if you think Popper's definition is fundamentally flawed. I don't think his definition is wrong though and i have yet to see someone arguing over the basics since the 80s (nowadays its more bayesians vs frequentists). > I find it really naive to treat science like some kind of objective methodology that can output unbiased data. Its complete fantasy. No bayesian scientific will treat science like this. > "Science" is much more of a set of institutions and social regard for those institutions than an objective methodology Wrong, there is methodology. Scientific consensus is still the best approximation of the reality we have. It might be wrong, but it is wrong for the right reasons. > We often just want to throw money and scientists at an issue, and get out good "science" but thats like managers hiring 50% more programmers for 50% better/more code, we know the details are what matters. Pad argument, this is not comparable. > At the end of the day, "science" in the real world is a lot of professor vying for tenure, caught in publish or perish, funding coming from self-preserving institutions, and a bunch of overworked grad students. Its a lot of companies making a buck, too. Yes, good point. > Everything is political! Everything. If you see something like science, religion, art, anything as apolitical, that probably means its just reinforcing prevailing politics. I see math as apolitical. Tell me how i'm reinforcing capitalism and liberalism. If you can't, this argument is invalid. > Check out Anarchistic Epistemology if this idea is of any interest. Ok, now i see, why you're against the scientific method. Popper's falsification have been largely improved by epistemologist thanks or Feyerabend's critics, and he is right about the "consistency" criterion that was dumped in all fields except medecine and social science. However this epistemologic theory is old and its argument were already based on old discoveries (galileo, newton) or misrepresentation of newer ones (i think a dozen papers were written against his vision of Einstein, and i find his critics on Feynman really undeserved). If you have knowledge of any epistemologic book[0] on this theory updated with new knowledge i'd like to read it. [0] Or any living philosopher since nowadays its more about short papers than books in the philosophical field. Nah, in the late 50s and until the 90s, there was around 25% on women in computer science in the US, and close to 50% in some countries like France an UK (i think a book was written on why in 2017). I've talked to Pr. Emeritus Mallard a lot three year ago, who was a biology researcher studying genotype and phenotype in animal/vegetal populations (for context, he got his degree around the time we discovered ADN). From what he remember, there was a lot more than 50% women when he started, at least as "programmers", although they were barely viewed as clever seamstress at the time. Each time he wanted to do a computer-assisted statistical study in the early days, the programmer was a woman (again, from what he remembers) and he always thought the field was dominated by them, at least for grunts work. The conclusion might be right (and the analysis may be excellent), but the arguments seems to be based on carefully chosen data and ignoring other graphs. I'm a bit distrustful i have to admit, especially when an article is music to my ear and confirm my beliefs with public data. Its true? It's not just the US, France was less prepared than in 2018, and in 2018 was less prepared than in 2011. After 2005 almost every rich country was stocking on essential medical equipemnt (like masks), had backup supplylines for medical drugs and had procedure in the airport in case of a pandemic (in France notably airport checkups and quarantine + antivirals). Those procedures alone in France were enough to limit the 2009 flu strain to 300 death (although the following years mortality data analysis seems to indicate 2 thousand early deaths) I'm not putting this on any administration, this is a global trend in western countries. In this paper (i continued reading after the carefully cherrypicked graph because it seems everyone cherrypick those days): """Instead of offering proactive and positive suggestions that will enable our immune systems to combat the disease""" Yeah, right. You can train your immune system, this is a well known fact in every pseudo-scientific paper [0] /s I'm not asking anyone to be an expert, but man this is 1rst year med school. I mean anybody who took biology lessons in college know about this. My sister just started a school to become dietitian (not even nutritionist) and learnt about this. How can people trust someone who write something so uninformed? [0] https://www.hunterandbligh.com.au/life-and-style/8-ways-to-b... The issue with a deflationary money is that it reduce exchange rate (you try to hog as much as you can), thus reducing GPD. That's an issue for everyday money (and why the dollar was decorellated from gold). I think the blockchain is a good idea, even as a simple money ledger, but the scarcity BTC holders praise is an inherent issue that will make bitcoin less and less usefull as a currency, and while the price will probably stay high for the foreseeable futur, i think BTC won't ever be adopted by institutions, at least not long-term. Other cryptocurrency that don't have the deflationary issue might be adopted officially though though (but, the future is uncertain) Not exactly, as you can be immunodeficient. It is still inaccurate. If lockdown was proved to prevents you from sleeping well and to cause enough nutritional deficiencies (don't have the english word, sorry), yes, maybe it could perturb the endocrine system enough ot "suppress" your immune system. But i'm fairly sure everybody that was not eating in restaurants every lunch ate better than usual (still too much sugar but...). And fitbit data in the US seems to shows that people are sleeping better during the lockdown[0]. This argument is based on bad logic, bad science, bad everything. Honestly, i'm not sure if overall, lockdown is better or worst for the health of everyone. Im sure some people will have a lot of positive effects (me at least), some people might suffer more negatives effects, and for other it might balance out. From the quick search i did with sleep quality and eating habits, it seems that overall health is better. However i have two addiction doctors in my family and anecdotal data seems to suggest that for other people, it was deadly (one of the two was involved in a Covid unit until last week and just started counting deaths). [0] https://www.fastcompany.com/90499017/fitbit-data-shows-were-... The fact that UK's number are much worse than France and worse than Italy is shameful. I'm not talking about belgium, the governement there is a joke since 2010, only redeeming thing are Belgians. The US as the best population density except in a few area, few train line and major road (and a lot of toll roads too), as well as early cases with limited infection spread. I think US numbers are OK for now but getting higher than ~30% excess mortality with their advantages would be a pretty bad look for their government. I don't know this is not more widespread, but you have 3 type of care. Non-intrusive ventilators or oxygen masks (or the nasal oxygen stuff), instrusive ventilator and the last one is artificial blood oxygenation, i will count this as intrusive ventilation as it is often used with intrusive ventilation. Around 10% of known cases needs hospitalisation. Among them, 70% to 80% of cases only needs oxygen and not respiratory help. So you can't give them oxygen, they'll either die or have permanent right heart or brain damage. Those will likely be fine after a dozen day at the hospital. If your oxygen levels are really, really low, you will need an intrusive ventilator. And yes, the death rate in those cases is absurdly high (between 60 and 90%). Note: 10% of known cases is NOT 10% of cases. Note 2: IMO this 10% number should be way higher as hypoxemia is far more widespread than previously thought, even for people with mild symptoms, even for kids (i only have anecdotal data on this so don't use it as an argument until papers are written and consensus is made). Still, if you have covid with only mild symptoms, please go to the hospital to take your oxygen saturation level. > For people without underlying risk factors, the illness is generally quite minor. 1. Kawasaki disease increase for children is not yet tied to a risk factor other than covid19 2. Pulmonary fibrosis occurs also with patients with no risk factors. Although most of those patient spent time in ICU tied with an intrusive ventilator, this is not the case everytime (not enough data yet to know how many have minor lung scarring though). 3. Hypoxemia caused by covid19, even with very mild symptoms is dangerous for the longterm heart and brain health. If you do sleep apnea AND you have covid19, please do not hesitate to go to a hospital (22 millions americans are suffering from sleep apnea and 80% are undiagnosticed according to this [0]). Hypoxemia also have impact on mental health. I agree that other view exists and should be allowed to be heard. But you probably don't have family in a hotspot, and if you have, it's probably in a major city where the effect are not that visible, especially with lockdown (and overall a few percentage is hit). I have family in a low-density hotspot (around Colmar, France) and they are medical workers. Everyone was hit around them. Around 300% excess mortality in the area (still less than Bergame, so lucky them), at least three parents died, as well as a long-time friends and two colleagues. He told us that not going in self-lockdown was criminal and begged us to ask to work from home if we could (this was 5 day before government-enforced lockdown). [0] https://www.sleepapnea.org/learn/sleep-apnea-information-cli... (a) Why would you think that? Compare Sweden to Norway exess mortality here [0] and reformulate your argument. Similar country, similar population density. Similar population in metropolitan area. Please explain to me what are the differences between those countries. I won't even talk about how Australia and NZ support the lockdown policies as those countries are island. (b) Citation needed. Again [0], why doesn't countries under lockdowns such as israel and norway do not have excess death if lockdowns causes extrem harm? And before the "rich country" argument, why South africa does not have any excess death and even way less death than expected? Those three countries are under sever lockdown. Unless you think it will cause longterm damage to those countries and more time is needed. I guarantee you i had once an asthma strong enough to cause moderate hypoxemia, i will remember this all my life even if it did not last more than a day. I think the lockdown is really easy if im honest. And i know for a fact that at least in France, most cooks and chef de partie are pretty happy with the lockdown too even if they will be the most impacted by the lockdown (75% pay for learning new tricks and doing homestay culinary contests might be the reason why) (c) Good argument. > The lack of... shaky basis of this action [0]. Explain (a) and (b) then > Specifically, .... which was then back-filled. Untrue for France [1] (might need google translate for that) > The government has put itself into a win-win situation. Yes, agreed but i don't understand why does this matters. > The veneration of the health care workers is also disgusting, this ridiculous clapping and so on. Yes, but this is a personnal opinion (i REALLY agree with) and no argument at all. > More mind-programming for the masses. Just wanted to point it out: if you read this sentence in a text you don't agree with (like a 9/11 or moonlanding conspiracy theory), what would you think of the person writing this? If you really care about being rationnal, the question you should always ask is "why do i think this". Why would you think this is programming for the masses and not just herd-like comportment that also happens to fulfill a psychological need? [0] https://www.ft.com/content/a26fbf7e-48f8-11ea-aeb3-955839e06... [1] https://www.vie-publique.fr/discours/273933-emmanuel-macron-... I'm beginning to create a lisp webserver using sbcl for a personal project. I find this interesting but i'd like to know if a webserver library exist for janet yet, and how does it perform compared to sbcl performance-wise (x2 to x5 does not bother me, anything beyond that would not be great). I'd like to know if a slime/swank can be used with janet (although this is really not a requirement) [edit] i just thought that creating a webserver would be a nice introduction to the language. Also can you compile janet into wasm? Okay, i understand your point of view, and i agree on some points, but this still is not an argument against lockdowns. My opinion is that lockdowns if you can't stop the spread should be locals, way more local than a state in the US, and i agree that global lockdowns are bad if you can't completely stop the epidemics. a point for future argumentation: the food situation is okay in western europe (notwithstanding sever cut in animal protein consumption) , troubling in eastern europe (but this is not caused by the lockdown and can be offset by less animal feed), my company is hosting FNSEA/INSERM project doing food previsions so i'm well aware of this. No data on other countries sadly. Also to nitpick: >The impact of the deaths from delayed non-covid-19 medical treatments, mental issues, depression, hunger, economic distress, and so on is going to be enormous. Yes, again, i have family working in hospital at Colmar, my cousin is the SMUR chief and his wife is an addiction doctor so i'm well aware of this, but during the height of the epidemic, almost no care were given to emergencies because they had to focus on patient. Since two weeks ago they can now take care of people suffering addiction, they did not redirect emergency operation to hospitals in Lyon (no free helicopter trips anymore). Also the diminution of road accident was also a really nice side-effect for them. > No doctors that I know or work with personally believe the hype They should have come to Colmar France or Bergame Italy and helped then. The global response is not the best, but really you should talk to doctors in community with 300%+ excess death, their point of view might be a bit different. wow i stopped at "try it". thank you. Not OP but i think it's because grain farming is not really efficient overall without load of fertilizer (or burning forests), especially if you cna't use cover crops (if you can i think the storage capacity of grain make it a better product overall). If there is short term immunity yes (diphteria, tetanos is an example, polio too). Being exposed to the same antigen while you have an immunity should reactivate this immunity, that's a reason why a "herd immunity" tactic could work, at least for a time However if the natural immunity w/o reactivation only last a year or less, you will end up with a new outbreak at the end of the period. And if the immunity period is shorter than the recuperation one, you will have a virus that will be a lot more lethal. If you look at excess death rates, Belgium is still 1rst in europe (and UK second), both with over 60% a week ago. Within a small area with a >40% IR, the excess death rate reached 270% (in France), so it could be worse, but it still bad. You can't ask for three phase power in the US? Surely it have to be there but restricted to business, no? I remember seeing laundries and restaurant in small towns As long as he does not force you to go along their life choices without a democratic decision, this is not fascism. Mmm, the phosphorus reserves are doing better than a lot of other ressources. Its trues that _US_ reserves have peaked and will be exhausted soon, but currently China and Australia (from memory) are exporting currently half the world consumption and still have not peaked, while the place with the most reserves should be Morocco [0]. Anyway e is growing and will always be (unless our universe is not isolated) and we will all die even if we manage to: save our planet/move out of our planet/move out of our solar system/move out of our galaxy. I realise that i argued against your point even though i'm quite agreeing with it. Oh well, precision do not hurt anyone. [0] https://www.statista.com/statistics/681747/phosphate-rock-re... If the CDC really only spend 10% of its budget on HIV, hepatitis, Ebola, flu and infantile diseases like chickenpox and measles, including worldwide outbreak surveillance, and 90% on "politicized" disease, it is indeed an issue. I'd like numbers on this still. And do you count obesity, tobacco and diabetes in "politicized" disease? and if you do, could you explain why? Sorry, but the study you linked is not doing your argument any favor: """ Conclusions: Considering our findings, pulse rates of the surgeon's increase and SpO2 decrease after the first hour. This early change in SpO2 may be either due to the facial mask or the operational stress. Since a very small decrease in saturation at this level, reflects a large decrease in PaO2, our findings may have a clinical value for the health workers and the surgeon """ Assuming the oxygenation levels are down because of the mask and not stress influencing your breathing (let's abandon occam's razor for now [0]), this "after the first hour" bit can tell you that maybe the word "significant" just mean that this is measurable and not dangerous? i mean if you drop from 97.5 to 95 over 4 hours, this is significant. Will that have an impact on you? Moreover blood oxygenation do not drop linearly. If your body consider the oxygenation too low, your pulse will quicken, you will breath harder. Your body will try to keep your oxygen level high harder and harder. This study only concerned surgeons who are often healthier than the average population. Would this have been done on people with lung issues with oxygen in low 90s high 80s, yes this would have been concerning. Again ignoring the stress factor. And as long as the most plausible explanation is not overruled, it should prevail as any rational person will tell you. So this premise is false, or at least not proven (yet) and therefore even if your argument was good, the conclusion can be false. [0] https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12931769/ (first link i found on pubmed) not grandparent, but where i live it's the same system: ten years ago tuition were 230€/year until your master degree, roughly half got cut after the first year and a fifth/quarter the second year. If you're not making into year 2 (or year 3), you can repeat ad vitam aeternam. "Everybody" knew he created equipment and designed networks for the DST (Directorate of Territorial Surveillance in the article). I did not know he was also hacking for them. Rumors i heard when i was closer to Paris and when it interested me is that a lot of french engineers who worked in the silicon Valley during the 90s came back between 1998 and 2002, bringing back ideas and skills that Niel quite successfully used to build Online (now Scaleway) and Free. He is indeed rumored to be close to criminals, probably because of his investments in porn. But he is mostly a white hat, accessible, and you can accidentally meet in if you trail in the catacombs (not the legal ones). Sorry, could you explain this comment? Why would you be glad? i think (but i'm not sure) that this blog post is a joke? You assume that with no lockdown and with a strategy like Sweden, economic growth won't be stifled and you won't reach ~20% unemployment rate in the US. And still, perhaps the complete lockdown was an overreaction if you did not aim for Virus suppression like in NZ. It depends on when the vaccine is available. Disagree, this is a systemic issue in China. it started in the 90s: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organ_harvesting_from_Falun_Go... and even if it's not state-sanctionned anymore, the triads lead human organ harvesting in SE Asia and at least take part of the trade in India and east Africa. The same way the human sex trafficking is a real issue in China. The eastern european bride cliché that do happen sometime in europe (and in the US too apparently) is way more pervasive in china, as even middle class people takes on foreign involuntary brides as the gender imbalance among sexually active people grows (and it is still growing). Either you're overestimating how most people consume news media, or i'm underestimating it. Unless you think the fact that journalists are more often depressed and/or anxious make their reporting more "hysterical". In this case you might be onto something. Targeted lockdown was a good idea in the context (not that much different clusters). Sweden was since the beginning at the place where France will be next week, but Sweden did not have the Mulhouse cluster that crippled multiple hospitals in eastern France. Many thanks to Switzerland and Germany for helping us saving a dozen patients by the way. You can't compare Sweden to those countries. Not the same density, not the same hubs, not hit at the same time, not the same social comportments. Even compared to France they have advantages and they have pretty close numbers (+30% excess death vs + 33%). Devops and reliability will be usefull with the new DIH European initiative. My advice is looking at companies that position themselves as DIH, as they are often wiser than young startups. I'm really not outraged by that fact that twitter burst the Donald Trump info bubble, but the fact that they don't do the same thing when a member of an opposite party is also partial with the truth is a bad sign. Tbh they should have started with a controversial anti-trump statement before enforcing this in trump. Also they should not have called that "fact checking" or "debunking". Yes, i'm not a proponent of HCQ, not without RCT as some of my previous post might tell you, but the "raw" data of the Lancet study seems pretty well harmonized for raw data, i wouldn't trust this study for my national policies. I can't take HCQ as i already have extrasystole and a allergies treatment that already can cause arythmia, so i hope this won't be the "best" treatment, but really this paper, while interesting, should not be used to take decisions. I can rewrite your post: ``` This article does a good job of explaining the issue https://www.theamericanconservative.com/articles/social-medi... Here's also some history on the law https://www.eff.org/issues/cda230/legislative-history This is not a conservative-only point of view: Joe Biden is actually for this idea as well (middle of article when he starts talking about the Facebook hearings and CDA 230): https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/01/17/opinion/joe-b... ``` You are allowed to be informative without being obnoxious. I was not aware of this issue and the article on theamericanconservative have an interesting point of view. The tone you used however will make most people here ignore or dismiss you. Yes, there is an anti-conservative bias on HN, but most people will still read an argument even on breibart if it is good. I understand the concern of the article but imho cancelling 230 might cripple them, and the propostion of state regulation will make them lost their power overseas. Will it allow other, european, asian or SA platforms to emerge? If the answer is yes it might have interesting side effects. Tor is not a platform. Did you even tried to use it? Part of them did. Because tribalism. But i think you should differentiate between socialists and liberals, the "left" is broader than the "right" right now. I don't think any liberal wants to nationalize a company like twitter. Some may want to break true monopolies maybe, but twitter? Anyway i was convinced by a conservative that big media companies should be partially nationalized (for gov oversight), still i don't think twitter is a big enough natural monopoly to warrant that. Question for all US hn commenters: Is astrology growing in the US? In France and Germany it seems it is slowly loosing ground... To anthroposophy and Steiner's schools (Steiner was an astrologer). And this sect seems to be growing. Under EU law, 20% of a country territorial water have to be use as a "fish recovery area", essentially no-fish zone to help the stocks regenerate. This worked well in the North Sea, but it seems that those zone are not respected at all by English Fishermen in the English Channel (i only have anecdata from partisan fishermen so take this with a grain of salt). The Bretons think the french coastal police only prohibit French nationnals to fish in protected waters and do nothing about English fishermen, and this is causing ressentment. Most fishes they catch in the english channel are not consummed by the UK but sold to French consummers anyway, and this is not really helping (also the support for free market is dropping real fast around here). The opinion in britanny right now about fish is "please no deal!" Most of them don't care if the access to UK waters is cut: they know that if the English channel fisheries can't sell in France, they will soon start to sell access to those waters. Tbh, i'm starting to think this is the best long-term solution. Either we lose something big and we will be renegotiating terms shortly after, causing short-term losses but long-term gains, or nothing of importance really happens economically and everyone is happy. With a lag, and it really depends on the area and how many people benefit from money printing. If the scheme is QE like in europe, the housing prices will not gain as much as the market prices in low to middle-class area. Do you really see cops like this? Do you find this normal? I'm not taking side on this but i'd like to understand your point of view. Seeing US police act almost make me believe French BAC is a peacefull police force trained for violence deescalation. I don't understand how you can not have the equivalent of CRS/Bereitschaftspolizei. This covid19 caused by 5g kinda took in France too. When telcos only were allowed to start preparing to deploy on the second of april... At least it was easy for skeptics to debunk this one and tell their friend to stop listening to "enlightened" people over the internet. Until the next one, more vague and thus more convincing. In most countries, liberals are considered at least center, if not rightwing and conservative. I don't know about australian politics but it seems like its the same there. By Liberal they mean liberal economically (small government, no regulations) and conservative socially. If r0 is kept below one after the lockdown, the absolute number of cases will be kept inferior to a full-blown epidemic as long as you quarantine external cases. We've seen "normal" social distancing (w/o lockdown) keep r0 between .8 and 1. Look at German, French and netherland numbers and their evolution since the reopening and before the reopening. even if we had an average r0 of one, the time needed to reach 60% infected in the nation is superior to 100 000 days (i'm taking a population of 60M to exclude kids and a high average of 300case/day when official numbers put this average closer to 50). We have no idea if natural immunity run that long, and i think everybody hope a vaccine will be found before that. So it's not just flattening the curve, its also preventing infections (unless no vaccine are found and the immunity last forever. But those two should be exclusive) It is because early postmodernists found a "Truth". And by that i mean a postmodern version: a reality from their point of view. Their critics of power, art and knowledge were right... Half a century before they made them for physics, and decades ago for biology, but for other fields (except maybe philosophy that turned around a bit before). This did not take in scientific fields because they did their revolution early XXth century. And while postmodern critics were right, their proposed solution (relativism and/or nihilism) weren't. Everybody now knows that when you have a valid critic, your solution will likely be viewed as "more valid", even though this is absolutely untrue. That's probably what happened in social studies. Also i follow subects in humanities (history and linguistic, and some consciousness philosophy) and those follow the same epistemological methods. Sadly you can only find the papers in academia and at least in France, know "historians" (TV historian) are not following those methods at all. ps: The only postmodern i read was foucault, so everything i've said on postmordernist only apply to my understanding of him. Depends of your definition of science, but historical science definitely changed in the 70s. Was it under the inflence of postmodernists or skeptics? Was it by comparison to other scientific fields? Was it because historian now had real formations? I am against a total lockdown once the cases are low, and those numbers strengthen my opinion! I was not clear, i was speaking against the idea that lockdown did not save lives. Here is my case: P1: We seems to be able to keep R0 around one (a bit under actually) when everyone is following social distancing. C1: Following P1 if a country have 50 case a day, it will stay at 50 case until a vaccine is found as long as those social distancing rules are followed. C1': Following P1 if a country have around 3000 case a day, it will stay at 3000 cases a day until a vaccine is found as long as those social distancing rules are followed. P2: If natural immunity is achievable, then a vaccine will be found (this is a weak point, i have no argument for that, it is my poor understanding of immunobiology that tell me this as a correct premise, but my confidence index is barely 60%) P2 corollary: If we can't find any vaccine, then no long-term natural immunity exist P3: 50 cases a day is better than 3000 cases a day C2: C1 + P2 Corollary + P3: In any case, having less cases when taking "normal" (aka no-lockdown) social distancing mesure will save lives. This number of cases is arbitrary and will change depending on the population and density of a country. I'm not deciding policies here. I'm just saying that initial lockdown make sense before appropriate measure that will keep R0 low are taken (case tracking, quarantining, social distancing), and that "flatten the curve" is a good slogan but is not only to help the NHS, it will also decrease the number of total cases. It is not SWAT, it is police forces trained especially to keep protest from degenerating. Negotiator able to defuse situations, will only charge or fire (with water cannons or rubber bullets) on order but have the right to refuse them if they feel the situation can be calmed down. What will triggers the great depression is the huge decline in consummation. It will be a month since the end of the lockdown here and my expense have been cut in more than half. I'm not the only one. I've repaired my bike and did not buy a new one for summer as intended, friends of mine did delay their new car (they don't need it as much now). working from home made people less afraid to cook for themselves and thus they are spending a lot less. Restaurants opened this week and my sister told me it was so calm she was able to study during the service, and nobody said anything. If anything i spent 6 time more during the first month of the lockdown than the first month after the lift (500 vs 3K, not counting rent). I still have planned expenses but for my vacations, after fixing my wing, i will kitesurf around where i live and camp rather than go to the mediteranean. I assume most people like me will do the same. This comportment, if widespread, will cause a great depression-like event. Still won't change. If you want a real "French AWS", you should look at Scaleway (well, their VPS will be entering beta Q3 2020 so it's not AWS yet, but it's coming closer and closer) Adequate test coverage is hard without rebuilding from scratch. Hard to expect in a big, old company. Except when a huge codebase have to be rebuild because python2 have to be replaced (one of our software provider is in this case). Could you detail your post? I'm afraid i'm not informed enough to understand the words after "one of the few people". I don't think its like that. My understanding is that they will create a catalog with multiple services you can choose, and service provider will provide an unified API for those. So you can take your prototype build on a server in $european_country_1 and publish it on the cloud of $european_country_2 once the dev is done without any change except the billing address. If this is what you propose, this will be yet another stillborn project (Hey AI4EU!) I think this is a cultural thing. I have different view with my brother on pretty much everything but we still manage to find time to take vacation together. It makes pretty interesting evening after a slow, windless day. If people are interested he is really far left, i'm not (or i'm much, much further depending of your point of view). I mostly don't care about my friends points of view. The only question you should ask them is : why do you think that, and the only question you should ask yourself is the same one. Unless you're really, really well informed, your point of won't be that interesting anyway. Interesting enough to post it on reddit or HN at most :) If the conversation becomes to much for people feelings, take a tangent, talk about interesting philosophical point. Bias analysis is great too (check your own bias loudly to encourage people to do the same, it works). Do not hesitate to point that an argument is poor, especially if it comfort your views. You see, this is argumentative red herring. I could do the same for the other side (maybe not the "politics" point, but honestly i don't think this is even a point...). You should do the same work against what you think, you will be less polarized. BTW: `Do not try to distract from the core message by talking about looting or rioting.` I'm pro-protest every time there is one, even dumb ones like Civitas or others. Riots and looting and what's destroyed are the most interesting thing to understand. Yellow vest in France destroyed expensive and electric cars, bus stops, Velib stations. Anti-capitalists Black blocs destroyed Mcdonald's and banks. BLM destroyed small stores, community infrastructure... This is saying a lot about how they see themselves and who they're against. Do you think the same? Not really true, old structures are found at least every decade, sometime stops parking construction for a year or two, then the construction resume. This is a strategy to move politics acceptable lines: present extremely radical thinkers in the media, as editorialist, then the originally radical ones will seems moderate. To be fair, the conservative started this, at least in France. Now the liberals adopted this around 2017, helping first the regular right then the "center right" getting elected when the regular right got caught red-handed stealing money (i'm simplifying here). The communists use it now, it is only fair. And i hope anarchists will start too. That's why i'm sneering at "defund the police": it is not extreme enough. "Abolish the police" should have been the initial demands, with defunding an acceptable compromise. But anarchists are not organized enough to make good media strategies. I think the fact that it happened 3 time to describe one event warrant a pat on the head and a "we got you" article. It really depend on context. I did not use gdb at all before the end of my first year where i had to code my own posix-compliant shell (i don't think it was by the end of the project but we were close). But gdb helped me understand why printf() was not working as intended, how those pesky register worked, remove memory leaks, and overall taught me a lot, fast. I had to rewrote malloc() using mmap at the start of my second year, i don't think any amount of printf() would've helped me as much as gdb and valgrind did. Also watchpoints basically do the same job as printf most of the time (but are more tedious to use). I find pdb() usefull too (although it might be because i don't understand python as well as i should). I definitely use print() though, like said in the article, to narrow down where the break points should be placed. And i think than more than half the time i used pdb() it was on my test files, whether it was unit testing or feature testing (those are hard :/), so better test coverage would not help me much. Also, debugging Common Lisp with (print) is usefull for beginners not used to the REPL, but once you understand how this whole slime/REPL thingy works, not using it to debug is bold. Ive heard its heart attack. I will read Howard Odum, the concept of "emergy" is interesting. I've read about the concept of "exergy" as usable energy (50kcal in a liter of water have a different exergy than 50kcal in an olympic swimming pool), if i understand what you're saying, emergy is energy that came from outside our system, that can be used to reduce entropy? The approximation stopped to be true in 2005 for gaz and in 2006 for oil in western europe (EU + norway). The curve of oil consumption correlate heavily with PIB growth in Italy and Greece since 1980 and the change in energy consumption predated the change in production in these countries since 2006 (the energy crisis created a small production crisis 2 year before the subprime crisis in Italy and Greece). I think i saw the shell oil (+ Saudi arabia/russian attempt to break the market) correlate with growth in Europe around 2014 too, but i'm not sure if i can interpret those correctly. Anyway oil and gaz production seems to have reach a plateau in 2019 pre-covid. I was researching postkeynesian vision of economics for myself and pointless arguments with a friend, i'm pretty sure i found something even more depressing. Poorly. Having to navigate between the two crush my development productivity and i think made me regress those past 3 years. I aslo use engaging with users as an excuse to forget, procrastinate the part of development i don't enjoy. I really like the people i'm working with and the project we're on, but this was not sustainable for me so i'm leaving, i will be replaced by two people, one engaging with users and able to execute small, limited task, who will have to learn our platform for at least two to three months, and a full-time developer later on. My advice is unless you are really driven by your product: don't do both if you can afford to. In western europe, this is a communist symbol more than anything, to make people remember that they were the one resisting and were also dying in concentration camps. Some communists anfa groups are indeed using it, but as a small badge. the first link is referencing this, the second is not triangle but red/black flags, the third one is laughable, don't know about the fourth one and the last one is the anarchist flag. Its more a communist union thing than an antifa thing. JL Melanchon, radical left in France, is wearing a small pin red triangle. Not that often used in antifa movement, its more an union thing. Chineese Concentration camps maybe? I'm distancing myself from US news but sometime its just everywhere. The red inverted triangle is used in europe by communists and sometime unions to "remember" those who dies in the camps for the liberty. Some trotskist antifa group do wore them but those are not the "black blocs" kind. Growth is based on productivity gains. Productivity gains only come marginally from optimization. Most productivity gains are from bigger machines (that eat more energy than smaller ones). 80% of our energy is from carbon, we have to cut 4% of this every year starting last year to have a chance to barely stay below 2C. This mean cutting what's feeding our machines by ~3% per year. So productivity losses. By cutting less productive sectors first we might manage that without entering recession for a few year, but even with that, thousands of people will be left over. > You might argue that productivity gains will stop at some point, but then you need to provide arguments for that, not take as a given that there is a limit. I have one. Productivity gains are mostly granted by energy (AKA bigger machines). W/capita is imo a better approximation to a nation wealth than GPD/capita in socialist countries, but even in the us you can see the strong correlation. 80% of this energy come from fossil fuel, coal and gaz make 60% of world electricity (probably more), and oil for movement. This is the limit to growth. https://theshiftproject.org/en/article/eu-oil-depletion-2030... based on Rystad Energy study if you want to check the numbers. Let's not forget blood ph is coded on over 7 different chromosome and more than a thousand genes. The XY chromosome is certainly one of the most important in hormone differentiation, but its is still one of the smallest. Claiming that it "program" people with no physiological evidence and only sociological or worse, psychological data points is dumb and uninteresting, and one of my bias is to sometime group people with their claim. Claiming that testosterone levels are linked to aggressiveness and risk-taking in male is less dumb but not that interesting if it does not explain why (and how it disprove double-blind randomized study on the effect of testosterone-based male contraceptive https://academic.oup.com/jcem/article/89/6/2837/2870329 ). As those claims often are not really evidence-based, seems to always target the same group and have unhealthy proponent, i might dismiss them a sexist, even if the author is in good faith and wants to understand why people dismiss his point. like i said in another comment: `As those claims often are not really evidence-based, seems to always target the same group and have unhealthy proponent, i might dismiss them a sexist, even if the author is in good faith and wants to understand why people dismiss his point. ` I'm not saying i'd downvote everything, but this is tiresome. Have a basic understanding on how genome works is really easy, you have free courses all over the internet and you only need ~2 hours of genetic 101 to understand than any biologic/genetic "fact" based on sociology, statistics and questionnaires and NO physiologic evidence at all is just dumb, unhelpful and uninteresting. [edit] And if it's uninteresting and agressive, it should be downvoted. "What can be asserted without evidence can also be dismissed without evidence" Hitchens I'm switching jobs and i want to go backpacking for a year, so yeah. If you don't have a SO and don't plan to go "socialize" in the short term this is not a bad idea imo. You can't remake history, but is think many would argue that Louverture release would have put him in power and prevents those events (helping other caraibean countries free themselves more easily). Louverture could have been the first black governor, proving that the first French revolution was not just words. We have more than just statistical evidence. We have physiological evidence too. We know which kind of protein (opsin) is responsible for each wavelenght. We know what kind of genetic modification can change the protein substantially (if you change the Nth protide which is hydrophilic by an hydrophobic one, you can change the wavelenght perceived). This is exactly my point: You have an observation: Dichromacy is more prevalent with men, tetrachromacy only ever appears with women. This prevalence is huge. Opsins are responsible for colour perceptions You have a theory: the X gene is responsible for colour perception: the L and M opsin are encoded on the X gene. You found the responsible gene. Again, his is exactly my point: no physiological evidence => garbage bin (unless you're a researcher). >> Slavery was not very productive Once we created mechanical slaves, it was not. But until then, it was. Slavery was abandoned because productivity rose, not the opposite. Productivity is tied with energy consumption. That's why we won't ever be able to limit our greenhouse gaz production. > The world population is projected to peak around 2100 If you only take natality prospect, yes. However we're on our way to hit +3° average around 2080. The average temperature difference between the last ice age and our age is ~5° for comparison. The agricultural change this 3° will have unforseen effects (well, not really unforseen, look what happened circa 2010 in Egypt and Tunisia), without taking into account the groenland melting (this is unavoidable anyway) and the wetbulb temperature being reached more than 100 day a year in eastern India/Bangladesh (and Florida won't be any better, if i remember correctly it will be ~80day/year for most of southern Florida). This will probably regulate the population a bit faster than predicted. Wait, it's not that simple. Depending on where you were working and living, the policy was different. National-level, f you worked for the government (military, healthcare, PCC) you weren't allowed to have more than one child without loosing your job (if you were grunt-level) or paying and having your career path stilled (if you were CO-level). For other workers, it was more or less a "state-level" implementation with governors deciding how to enforce the rule. In most places, farmers had the right to have two children and could ask to have one more. City workers only one and had to pay different amount depending on the city and the governor for the second. Some governors were really, really hard on enforcement (forced abortion...) while other were more lax and made people pay acceptable amount for the second child. Still, even without hard enforcement, the illegal child have no paper, cannot join legal school and isn't present on the family register (and can't work/live anywhere legally). This is one of the 3 internal problem the Chinese government will have with the generation. If contraception worked 100%, or if we were able to disable the libido whenever we want and prevent all rape from happening, maybe i would agree with that. Since we're not, until someone convince me the violinist argument is not receivable[0], i would continue to support women wanting early abortion. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Defense_of_Abortion Growth expected to return by 2022 then? European oil providers supplies were supposed to be contracting by 2028 according to data from Rystad, before the pandemic, mostly because of below ground issues (and with very, VERY optimistic previsions concerning above ground issues imo). So anyway, Covid or not, European industrial production will peak this decade. Times will be harder and harder for a lot of people. If you know people around Bergame in Italy or Mulhouse in France, please ask them how it was, how it felt. How much did the 210% and 185% excess death affected them. Will the death of one of her child and her ex-husband will make the parent living a bit north, around Strasbourg, suicide, or is will this be caused by lockdown? What about the 26 year old dancer that will never be able to perform at the same level that she did before getting infected unless we manage to find a new medical technique to remove her lung scars? Will she work at Macdonald's now? Europe is mostly out of lockdown right now and yes, lockdown caused deaths too. But look at the addict admission to the hospital in Strsabourg/Mulhouse/Colmar and those in Britanny during the lockdown. Not having a crisis and only a lockdown did kill people, but not nearly as much as havong a crisis. In colmar, they had to close 3/4 or their bed usually used for alcoholic coma and/or OD. Im pretty sure it wasn't the case in Britanny. Maybe you're right about the lockdown in the US though. It might have flattened the curve enough in some state and might have been useless in others, but it is obviously not working as well as it did in europe. I think deplatforming is a mistake in most cases, it make an "US vs THEM", David vs Goliath narrative that people love to follow and identify with. It make people think their opinions are more transgressive and more interesting that they really are. But this deplatforming and this "cancel culture" is only a manifestation of what millenials heard for years: if you want change, vote with your wallet. Well, we now are able to. I'm not agreeing with everything, but boycott is the only power my generation have right now, and nobody can prevent this. Twitter and the social network allow people to explain why they're boycotting this or that, that's all. This deplatforming and this "cancel culture" is only a manifestation of what millenials heard for years: if you want change, vote with your wallet. Well, we now are able to. I'm not agreeing with everything, but boycott is the only power my generation have right now, and nobody can prevent this. Twitter and the social network allowed people to have reach to explain why they're boycotting this or that, share their outrage, sometime about really dumb things, but still with their own reasons. Freud was wrong with almost everything he said. He had merit from a philosophical point of view, he coined terms extremely well, but he is definitely not a scientific, was dangerous for his patients and his theories are still dangerous (your child is an autist because you, poor mother, did not pay enough attention to him! and other rubbish about children rape fantasy and other). Lacan, at least, was not as dangerous (but still a pseudoscientific). Psychoanalysis is still very much a pseudoscience and is based on even less that the new psychological trend with microexpression and all that jazz. > limited ambition shown by the 1-2 latest generations If this is really a thing, then the generation prior would have shown more entrepreneurship, is this the case in the US? It is really to opposite in Europe anyway, so this should be wrong. "Cancel culture" is a new word for boycott and voting with your wallet. "Cancel culture" is what you get when you tell a whole generation that the political apparel can't do anything and the only way of beating either climate change/racism/sexism is voting with your wallet. It was inconsequential when the millenials were between 5 and 25, now its not anymore. This is the same thing as those 2010 pieces "the millenials are killing restaurants". They're just voting with their wallet. It was poor food when they were mostly student or young workers. Now it's Nike, or anything caught doing thing that some millenials find immoral. That's what the previous generation kept saying. The millenials just listened (and have tools to organize). I'm not agreeing with this, i'm just understanding. I'm voting with my wallet too. And this is a powerful tool. If some millenials (or now the next generation, whatever its name) chose not to go to an university because of what a professor said and this is causing financial loss, well to bad. It's sad for the professor, but what can you do? If it is not defamation, people have the right to talk and organize, no? Increasing efficiency does increase productivity, but to increase productivity you don't have to increase efficiency. You just have to add more machines. But when those machine can't eat anymore, you'll see productivity decline. Related: https://theshiftproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Study... But aren't they worse than reusable bags? I use to not care about conspiracy theories and pseudoscience. I found it funny even, until my mother got breast cancer and some heartless guys tried to sell her lithoterapy (stone you put in water before drinking that water, stone you have to wear to sleep and all this stuff). Well as this "therapy" was really dangerous, there were a lot of articles on the danger and that and my insistence managed to keep her from that. She has now recovered with chirugucal operation and hormone therapy. I then followed up on that, discovered something called zététique[0], basically applying scientific method to all claims. It worked quite well for me. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z%C3%A9t%C3%A9tique Just for information (i've said this multiple time on HN, i'm rambling), ive heard from my cousin (urgentist at Colmar) that he had a 26 yo young woman with lung fibrosis who wasn't hospitalized while she was infected. That said, you're totally right, tissue scarring seems to be closer to 5% than 20%. And the IFR in France was predicted around april to be close to .7%, .8% for males. So far the prediction were right, so you should table for something around that in the US with a younger population, but more diabetes and obesity. Now that new treatments are found for the worst cases, this could be lowered further imo. Hearth scarring is not really a problem if it does not cause arythmia. Lung scarring, however, can shove ten year of your life expectancy (and not the worst ten years, it works a bit like a thyroid ablation were you just age faster). The article explain very well he is using Plausible analytics, that works without cookies or stocking strong PIs. https://plausible.io/data-policy Production is changing the state of the matter, by transforming, aggregating or displacing said matter. I can tell you that if you shut down 1/3 of the machine, you will see a 1/3 drop GDP. There is 3 catastrophes related to nuclear. The only one where radiation actually killed people was Chernobyl. Displacement of hundred thousands, considered contaminated thus excluded by their peers, probably caused more life-years lost than the radiation itself. The UNSCEAR (GIEC group1 equivalent for radiation) rapport on Fukushima is enlightening. Nuclear have a lot of drawback too (mining pollution, waste disposal) but is probably the energy ressource that killed the less people/MWh produced, and for sure the one destroying the less ecosystem/MWh. I used to be anti-nuclear for the wrong reasons until an observation internship in a hospital were i learned how dangerous radiation actually was, but realistically, until a new breakthrough on superconductor is found and allow us a less expensive, more lasting magnetic containment for plasma, i don't see any other energy that can replace coal/gaz. > France? Actually, partially exited NATO decades ago. Very nationalistic And rejoining NATO again was a mistake. NATO lost its purpose when USSR lost in the 80s. There is no reason for NATO when UN exist. Agree on the other point though. But for at least Portugal and Greece, and maybe Italy and some eastern European countries, the ally is china since 2014? While Obama made his move over SE Asia, the CCP applied the strategy they used in Australia with the PIGS. And while Trump very successfully destroyed what Obama tried to do in SE Asia, the CCP installed foreign military bases near center of trade in the Indian ocean while gaining political goodwill with middle east poorest countries. Most of Iraki oil is sold to China. I'm not claiming i know what should be done, i'm just saying that China have already a lot of political allies and try to gain more, and now reached europe. I think we just passed peak production in europe last year, i highly doubt we will be able to afford more energetically expensive devices anytime soon without overexploiting shell oil. > Critical thinking skills A lot of people stay at the dunning-Kruger peak on that for a very long time and over-evaluate their (i for sure did for several years at least). > independent research Those who have the time to do this for half the semi-important issues in the world are lucky(like most of of on HN i think). And i started 2 month ago informing myself about climate change and what does it mean to stop using oil, i did not have any time for myself between that and work until recently. Research takes a long, long time if you wnat to do it well. I'm still not certain about anything. > open dialogue Yes if it mean what i think, this is very helpful. Paper journal used to offer opportunities for that. > But, in 2020 you cannot question or be skeptical of the "progressive" agenda. Merely hinting that you are not fully bought in will get you labeled as a racist, or even worse these days, a "Conservative". Is it really the case? Or is it a perception you have? I've become less and less liberal the past three months, for multiple reasons, and at least in my liberal bubble, i did not face any backlash. Communism division of work, central planning for college-level education? Worker cooperative can be more efficient than traditional company in some sectors, did you ever read any piece on that? I mean, the two time i went in the US, i was in really liberal and even socialist environment, and very few seems to even have heard of worker cooperative, so it would be surprising, but HN always surprise me positively, so why not. I somehow the law could prevent the employer to fire without justification. That's what happen in my country. CO2 is an oxide. I barely remember my chemistry classes, but i think than without solvent, oxides need energy to be broken. And even with 70% of our planet covered with a solvent (the sea that absorb CO2), our emissions are still going through the roof. If fusion happens in less than 20 years, we may be able to absorb CO2. I'm not high on this, but with supraconductors, you never know when the next breakthrough is. However, if we manage to hit +3°C average (we are already at ~+.9°C average), the living conditions will become hotter than the Sahara for 1/2 to 2 billion people. And that's without counting wetbulb temperature that will be reached in Florida more than a dozen day a year. I know that +3° average is hard to understand but consider this. Between the last ice age, where France was basically Siberia, Scandinavia was under 3km of ice and you could make Calais/London by foot, and 1850, there was a 5°C average temperature difference. The change was over 20 000 years. Also CO2 emissions today will have an impact in 20 year (CO2 in low atmosphere does not seems to have more than marginal greenhouse effect, its high-altitude CO2 that cause our troubles). That's the political challenge: - Are the predictions for +3° around 2070 right? And i'm not talking about RPC 8.5, i'm talking about the one with constant CO2 emission btw. If they are at least right on magnitude order, will we be able capture CO2 before 2050? - Will technology be able to grab CO2 out of low atmosphere? It seems we need incredible amount of energy for that (compared to our production). So fusion it is then. Is fusion before 2080 possible? At least China is advancing faster than France so maybe? I'm not high on this, and i'm a supraconductor optimist since 2009. - Will we be able to capture increasing amount of CO2 out of our electric centrals, cars and trucks? This is what i think is the more likely. But this technology still don't exist, and we need it right now. - Are we hoping that either fusion or CO2 captation will come soon enough to limit the CO2 emissions, and... That's all? Or are we vastly investing in research? Or investing in energy/consumption economies? Do people understand what does it mean for a country to reduce its CO2 emission by 4% a year? Do politicians and economist understand, or are we still stuck with "green growth" for another decade? I will order my research once i quit my job, try to order my sources (or find more precise ones), clean my code and write a long, long post on what it really means to stop using fossile fuel, even "only" -4% a year (what we need to do to respect the 2°C Paris agreement). From what i've read in the last GIEC report, if we don't find a new technological ace right now (ten years ago even), the win solution might be hard to swallow for the western world, and even harder for those living in tropical areas. The only thing i'm really sure is that if we don't take care of the problem, the problem will take care of us. This is one convenient lie. I will just criticize the "pro-nuclear propaganda" bit and ignore the other anti-elite stuff about the engineering schools, after all "What can be asserted without evidence can also be dismissed without evidence." What is called in France ENR (new renewable energies, basically solar and wind power) are backed by gaz companies, and now even French oil companies (Total) have a hand in the game. Areva (Now Oreno i think), the biggest company ever in the nuclear industry recently had a 6 billion turnover (around 2016 i think since this was the time i took interest on this particular subject). For scale, Gazprom, heavily invested in wind turbin in Denmark and Germany, had a 130 Billion turnover around the same time. I did not check Total cause frankly, i'm tired of spending energy against this "argument". Who do you think is putting more money on the table? Also (because this anti-engineer stuff is frankly broking me), if you don't believe the ASN and the people working there, then you should vote or manifest to replace the ASN and its sisters organisations that are taking care of the electrical network, bridge and tunnels in France. Surely they weren't considered amongst the best in the world for a long time, barely more than 50 years! And if you think the UNSCEAR rapports (like the one on the effect of Fukushima) are lying, well then don't be picky and choose to reject all scientific products of this corrupt organisation that use the same compilation method, like the IPCC. And if you or your familly have cancer and have to go under radiation, refuse every doctor that wrote on the subject whose paper where used by the UNSCEAR scientist. This was done, the whole calculation, again and again, again and again, like this was done for solar pannels and wind turbine. All the data is there, the IPCC even took the time to vulgarize this part because people don't seems to understand, took the highest evaluation wiht post-70s tech (12gCO2/MWh) and there is STILL people that talk about climate and don't even READ the IPCC document. I don't understand why you would talk about something this important and dont read the BASICS. Like those climate denialist who "prove" that low atmosphere CO2 will make everything greener. WE KNOW! At least climate denialist have the excuse that this information is not easily accessible [0][1]. Everything else is written in the vulgarized papers, it a two hour-long read top, just take some time to inform yourself! This is why nothing will never be done and we are hoping for a technological silver bullet, because people rather act like they care about climate than care about climate. I'm angry. [0] https://www.ipcc.ch/site/assets/uploads/2018/02/TAR-03.pdf [1] https://www.ipcc.ch/site/assets/uploads/2018/03/TAR-04.pdf [edit] spacing, swear words. That's not what he said. That's not what the rapport said. Actually, in the "contributor" pages, you can see there is several physisit or doctor working with nuclear, and people from https://www.sfen.org/ But you can also see that this is not just that, there is also scientifics who work on responsible sourcing of rare earth, sustainable agricultural tech. This is probably once agian a science-based newspaper that will never work. I've learn that if you want people to care about climate change, just don't talk about nuclear energy 1. ASN inspectors reports are not edited by their president or directors (commissaires). The whole structure is based on engineers. Inspectors are strictly engineers. 2. Most nuclear engineer are from Grenoble/Saint-etienne or Lyon. Some are from polytech (so Paris) but this is rare. 3. If you say so. It might conflict with greepeace's vision of ecology, but not with the IPCC's and for multiple reasons, i think i would rather follow scientists than ideologists. I also stopped donating to greenpeace around 2015 so i might be biased. 4. Way more complex than that, but true. I think you should read ASN documentation before evaluating them as untrustworthy. I can find a lot of untrustworthy pro-nuclear sources. Those are not ran by engineers. Also nuclear power is a distraction until we fixed our real ecological issue, as are renewable power sources. I don't care if we stop nuclear power in 2080 if we successfully limit the average warming to 2°C (hint: hope for a silver bullet). I'm ready do donate everything i have (not that much) to any anti-nuclear association that explain to me how to effectively reduce our CO2 emission by 4% a year until 2050 (compounds are hard but this is the number i got) while focusing on replacing nuclear plant by solar panels and wind turbines. Really. Covid will be between 2 and 9% for 2020 [0] so i'm waiting for solutions for the following years. Wait! i have multiples solutions. Give every french household using oil or gas a heatpump. Forbid new individual cars sold in France to weight more than a metric ton. Put a carbon tax (start with a small amount 10k€/ton) on transportation instead of a 20% VAT. Not on car gas, on the product directly. This will kill most plane fret, but honestly? i don't care. Forbid plane if the trip can be made in less than 4 hour by train (i think they recently did this, good). But closing a nuclear plant to replace it by gas (and coal, even if temporary) is easier. Gazprom and Total really have more hitting power. [0] https://www.nature.com/articles/s41558-020-0797-x Realistically, boycotts seems to be the only political tool you have in the US, with all major candidates could be considered varying degrees of authoritarian and sometime libertarian right[0], with no big unions like Germany. If you're not on the "right" side, this moight be your only way of speaking for yourself. Boycott is a non-violent way of saying "stop this", so if you can afford to, you should absolutely do it. Even for petty things. [0] https://www.politicalcompass.org/uselection2020 (there is better tools but this one is Ok-ish) It is. You can sue for this, i can think of multiple cases in France. The real question is: Will renewable (without storage) can replace 4% of our energy (not just electricity) production each year from 2019 to 2050? I think 2019 (or was it 2018?)was the first year with more renewable installed than coal plants, if you look at max charge. Good news at least. Hey, really good list, better than the article. I don't really like PHP, because of inconsistency (it tends to break to flow for me) (but maybe it changed since 2014), but php with strict typing is a big plus for me and php7 is already more than fast enough. I might try it again. The real issue i have with PHP is frameworks :/ Too much choice is a productivity killer for me. Luc Montagnier should not be taken seriously[0]. I'd say than every "theory" he follows make me distrust them. I think he is even an antivaxx now[1]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luc_Montagnier#Research_on_ele... [1] https://scienceblogs.com/insolence/2012/06/27/luc-montagnier... You're probably not french nor in a quack-watch group (anti-guru groups essentially). Luc montagnier made a lot of money writing about how homeopathy works thanks to water memory, i'd say i would disqualify every work he's done since then if it is not peer-reviewd. > Antifa was declared a terrorist organization. Is this true? Was the identity right declared a terrorist organization as well? Did "antifa" killed someone in the US? (Genuinely asking, i stopped following the new around may). Because I will tell you that Antifa in europe is the leftist equivalent of the identity right (neonazis groups and white supremacists). So if antifa as a whole is deemed a terrorist organisation despite not having killed anyone while you have members of the identity right driving into a crowd or mass shooting people at a synagogue and the identity right as a whole is not at least declared a terrorist organization, this is a weird asymmetry. Yes, democracy breed nationalism (in a sens of : attachement to the nation) that makes fighting war easier. And mercenaries less relevant. You can find historians articles that explained how revolutionary France "beat" the royalist coalition in 92 despite being dead broke. Just as an offside remarks: history is not as fixed as wikipedia. You should always question the history you've learned. That's questions like Furet's "is the French revolution the mother of all totalitarism?" that made the field really advance. And to ask this kind of question, subjectivity is good as long as evidence can still convince you. I don't think any furetien academic is still convinced that the French revolution bred all totalitarism, but their responses to more marxist historians (as well as tehier new questions) are invaluable to make the field advance. You really needs diversity of thought in literary fields. Nitpicking, but this is not a few decades ago, its a few years ago. Enforced the one child policy by force in autonomous province, basically removing the enforcement power of the governor and city mayors. [edit] To be clear, i'm not saying this is right, i'm saying that right now, the power is way too concentrated in Xi Xinping's hands. I don't think this is a great timing. I also think the brexit was bad timing overall. UK's engineering/scientific corp is good with electronics and biomed especially, areas where patents are really important, and having a voice on unifying EU patent without a doubt would have helped them. They already need to import civil, construction and production engineers, and Brexit will probably end with a no Deal when the country is trying on giant infrastructures with a bit of central planning smell (and great job Corbyn&Friends on that by the way). It really depends on the project. My company is hosting multiple ML/AI projects, some with datascientist that are, as you said, glorified data analysts. Usually MBAs or mixed cursus, but also CS guys (my favourite clients as they will never tell you "i can't ssh onto my server" after executing `chmod -R 777 /etc/`). And some with genuine DS/statisticians. Also the first kind of project almost always end up hiring statisticians in the end, so realistically, having "glorified data analysts" that can sell to the consortium or kickstart project is enough. One thing you also have to consider (siblings comment are good too) is that the oil price are ridiculously low. This might seems like a good news, it's not. It makes mining cheaper (good news in the short-term) but also it reduce the incentive to invest in capital-intensive oil rigs. And this will probably mean a small oil shock two years from now. Also, while i did not have the possibility to look directly inot Rystad[0]'s data in 2019, i've talked to people who did and Rystad's predictions about above-ground issue resolution were really, really optimist and still estimated a 1% contraction of european oil supply in 2029 (last time it happened were 2007 and 2009). Not only counting covid effect on oil-producing countries population hunger but also ISIS resurgence and the continuing crisis in Lybia, i think it would not be dumb to bet on no growth at all in the eurozone. [0] https://www.rystadenergy.com/ Yes, i'm the same. And if you're like me, i suppose sometime, in high pressure situation, you can easily work 10 hours straight. Doing this at the office is impossible, doing this home is easy (if it stay exceptional). I'm more productive home than i was at the office, and this is really surprising for me ( i assumed i was just a slacker). > practically no violence,atleast when to what you see in French or the US. To be frank, i don't know about the US, but violence in French protest used to be well-contained and limited to a few buildings (often a mcdonald, a bank or two and sometime a Tesla, nothing an assurance wouldn't cover, and free time for a dozen employee during the repairs) until recently when lawkeeping doctrine were changed to avoid making our government looking like they lost. Violence from protesters used to be limited to black blocks, and black blocks are organized and carefull, attached to symbols. You could predict which batiment could be targeted ahaed of time, take preventive mesure for those batiments. They never put fire in commercial building if there were occupied appartement nearby. Then, because of a macdonald destruction that looked bad on a camera (despite looking really, really good for anybody aware of what lawkeeping really is about: 3 minor injuries, 90 BB arrested for a quarter of a million of property damage), police were asked to start protecting batiment. That made mobile brigade and CRS immobile and unable to follow and limit property destruction, so a minister door was fractured. Easy solution, just had more police. even if the ones we add are not trained in lawkeeping at all and are used to anti-drugs operation and are a bit trigger-happy. And also, change the doctrine, instead of letting black blocks destroying property to scare protesters off and nest BB more easely, meet them earlier. If "normals" protester don't want to be hurt, they shouldn't be near these black blocks! We are two deaths, three hands, around twenty eyes, battered poicemen and a dropping confidence in the police after those "clever" decisions. Violence call for violence, and now the protester are really violent. Their rights. > The vast majority of Southeast Asia is very consistently wet and humid, which makes it an unlikely candidate to become unlivably hot. unlivealy hot and wet [0]. Some people indeed think that the high humidity combined with a >33C temperature will soon be the leading cause of death in SE Asia, SE india, tropical africa as well as Florida, coastal georgia and SC[1]. I' disagree (or rather, i'm not quite as pestimistic) but the ;ortality in some area indeed get higher with humidity in summer [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet-bulb_temperature [1] https://kevinhester.live/2016/05/21/wet-bulb-temperature-soo... (i found a way better map some time ago but i can't find it, sorry) I've read three articles talking about it on HN, but the science and models especially are shacky at best. Great models that will probably never work as intended. Oxydes are really, really stable, and CO2 is one. Destroying an oxyde will cost at least as much energy as creating one, but in reality it's about 3 time the expense for C02. The chemical/mechanical solution i've seen on HN[0] with olivine and tidal energy is quite interesting (that how ocean keep themselves from turning too acidic with CO2 capture), but while i'm pretty sure the chemestry bit is true, their paper is not peer-reviewed and i'm a bit skeptic about how fast the carbon will be absorbed. It feel like it's nearly as much a silver bullet as fusion and ambiant temperature supra-conductor. So not big oil. [0] https://projectvesta.org/ > then slowly decline. Yeah, hopefully. In all likelihood, it will be "sharply decline" because of overheating (wetbulb temperature for more than 8 straight hour predicted around all tropical zone for 2080), and probably war for natural ressources (well, water and food mostly). I'm absolutely not pro-GAFAM or anything, i don't use 99% their products, i've even left gmail recently (android and Youtube are the only GAFAM products i still use). I don't think market cap is a valid mesuring point. Assets, real-world assets i mean, should be. QE since 2008 is inflating the stock market like crazy - with expected consequences regarding property prices - and market valuation are crazy. If they were not, at least some LBOs attempts would be made. I have found this[0] for revenue, this is an OK metric, not the best for sure, but it show the company participation in the economy (and thus is still better than market cap). [0] https://howmuch.net/articles/worlds-largest-companies-by-rev... emacs used to be my great enemy, until i met someone SO into emacs and elisp, in each of his dual monitor he had emacs opened. With the two instances sharing the cursor (unless it was one emacs opened in two windows, but i think this is way harder to code). He had no mouse and was surfing with emacs, reading/writing his mails from emacs, had a kanban on emacs... That force respect. Now i tried evil mode and while i'm still using vim8, i might try to learn elisp during my sabbatic year. I was not expecting an article based on a statistical study, with this title, be this well-crafted. Caveats about self-reporting data, highlights on confounding factors in the conclusion, it is really good work. You can't take anything really interesting from this study, but at least i found a writer i believe i can trust when talking about point i'm less competent in. I think revenge and forgiveness are big words with a lot of different meanings. Someone close to me was raped a few years back. No witnesses (yeah, he was her boss and asked her to stay a bit longer), so the perpetrator could walk of free of worries. It was enraging, but we simply learned not to care. What's done is done. Is this forgiveness? However everyone i talk to in the city where it happened know that the particular restaurant is owned by a rapist, and i've said multiple time, to multiple people, to always ask the nearest formation center to know if they forbid/discourage female cook to apprentice in some restaurants, and if they do, which ones. It's not really revenge, it is just not supporting rapists. How do you feel about them removing an app because it allows people from HK to circumvent censorship? And why? Just asking to understand your point of view on the article. Are you saying you are not fine to use the governement's force against a company that is removing podcast apps from their store because they talk about what's happening in China? I mean, i thought everyone agreed across the political spectrum that what China is doing in Hong-kong is bad. Reading this thread, i stand corrected. > To be clear, not a single Arab country wants to see an independent Palestinian state. Not a single one. Is Liban an arab country? Apple Store is not a monopoly, but it is a monopsony and i really don't understand why people defends this. A monopsony is arguably worst than a monopoly. Console being a monopsony does not have the same impact as Apple being one. What if microsoft app store became the only app store available on microsoft? > you won't find any angels here [0], including Gandhi I don't understand. If anything, these letters just made me respect the man more. If you had linked examples of the letter of his youth in SA, with racist undertones, maybe it would have been somewhat relevant with the previous sentence "But as always with those with a PC agenda", but those letters to Hitler clearly shows the inner world of a great man, no? Anyway, thank you for the link, it was extremely interesting. > Asking people to not separate the product from the person Sorry, but why should i separate the product from the person? I'm not boycotting lactalys because their product are bad, they are quite good in fact, but he way the brand owner used to treat his employees, and the way they still treat milk producers irks me. I don't want to contribute to a person fortune if i don't like him or his way of treating people. Should i buy some Nestlé product for convenience when i know that people gaining the most of the deal are not even apologetic about the contaminated water scandals? When they knew about African water and still sold mothers powder milk? I quite like some of their other product, i just don't want to give them my money. It is the same for this soapbox product, no? I don't care if it is cancelled tbh, i just don't want the people behind the product to get my money, is this bad? Also there is room for dialog, i've talk quite extensively with a sodastream ambassador. Still won't ever buy their products, but we did talk. > First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out because I was not a socialist... Thank you for this. I understand your view better like this. This is my point of view: I use my money and my time however i want. No one should feel entitled enough tell me if i am allowed to boycott a product. This is why i don't think it is cancelling and that you are doing the term a disservice: Neither i nor 488643689 did say "don't use and/or participate with this product, he is transphobe". 488643689 just informed me, and others, of the product owner views on trans people, and that he cofounded spinster.xyz (which is a TERF platform). Our society and economy is build on the myth of homo economicus. That people will take the best decision for them with the right informations. Having this information without haviong to dig in makes everyone stronger and able to make better decision. Preventing someone to do business with perfectly informed economic actor is totalitarism. But informing people about the personnal deed of a product owner, not shaming them if they still engage with him, is something you should absolutely do if you believe in liberal capitalism. This really have nothing to do with this. My father is boycotting products since the 80s (being born in jerusalem in 68 and having links with orphanage sisters living the Israeli/palestine war from the "poor" side probably have something to do with it). In his case not about cancelling israel, its about not engaging with them economically. But this is not only that. This is a generation thing. You (and i say "you" as in: older generations) told us that if we don't agree, we have to vote with our wallet. Not happy about climate change? Vote with your wallet then, are you still using cars and planes hypocrites? You're not happy about how we treat pigs and cows? How about you stop eating meat and vote with your wallet? (this one was delightful. Never heard this again since 2010). Younger people probably had it harder than i did, and i did start to boycott things early in my life when the inconvenience was not to high. Just to piss you off. I did never coordinate though or ask people to boycott something with me. I'm not the social kind of guy. But i understand why people my generation would do that. You told us to vote with our wallet, that this is the only power we have. Don't be astonished when we use it. Hence, use write()! Not completely joking here, I think everytime I've had to use strings to make two C programs communicate over a network, write() was as easy to use as printf(). Obviously it's not true when communicating with a user. I think this is the right IFR for the US, maybe a confidence interval is necessary however. In early April, data scientists paid by ARSGE calculated the IFR in france based on the diamond princess and found .7%, +- .2%, and estimated the high early IFR in spain and Italy was due to missing asymptomatic people and mismanagement. This pdf should still be available. US having a relatively younger population, .65% seems correct. I think grandparent meant "refused to go on lockdown on time". I have contacts in khazan ( not sure if orthographied correctly), the harsh lockdowns were due to a miscomprehension of the word "exponential growth" and overused hospitals. Yes. Try prototyping for a quick POC/casual demo with javascript, then try with typescript. If you get back to your demo two month later (or have one other person to explain your code to), typescript is Infinitely superior. For quick hacks types are not useful though. All lisps I used could be statically typed, I think? Does elisp used typep? For small projects, hacks or emacs macros types are not useful but the possibility of adding types is there. [Edit:and it's useful when your finite state machine grows to much] It depends on the fructose quantity when the saccharide is cut fown. 1-1 fructose-glucose is objectively worse than 3-4, even if it's not much, but objectively better than 4-3. So, sugar is objectively worse than white flour. what is a big deal then? Unusable area? Mining coal or rare earth for solar panel already do that for you on a two order of magnitude difference at least (not counting detroyed montaintops and water pollution). Population displacement? Yeah, again an order of magnitude inferior to dammage caused by mining (this time counting water pollution). Not counting when hydro power fail: two order of magnitude differential just counting china barrage failure. Would you dissmiss hydro power because of the barrage incident then? Because last time i checked, the death toll, the displacment toll and the lost land caused by hydro power were a lot more than nuclear for sensibly the same power production. Is it waste that grind your gear? Yeah, speak to the people who live near cadmium mines where nothing can grow anymore. Also a Co2 surplus in high atmosphere last around 100 000 years (order of magnitude here). Compare that to the dangerous radioactive waste. Also, coal mining and burning cause the area around to be more radioactive than the area around fukushima, or French uranium mines. Weird, no? You know why you really don't like nuclear power? Its because with solar panel, oil and coal, the externalities are paid by poor populations in China, India, Africa or south America. So its better for you (or me). Its because hydro power failure only happened in poor countries. Or rather, country you don't really know or care about. Italia, Brazil, China barrage failure each have death toll superior to fukushima + chernobyl counting displacement caused deaths (avoidable deaths). 300 years for dangerous nuclear waste, 2000 if you want to go to average mS levels. You have your orders of magnitude wrong. Solar panels (as in photovoltaic energy) is the worst "green" energy when accounting for waste and probably the one that caused the most cancer with children near zinc/cadmium mines, but fear not, in the following years they will start killing people near landfills[0][1]. More wastefull in term of minerals too, but veolia might have something to say bout this (Best company working with renewable imo). Maybe in 50 years. You can't smelt rare earth without a lot of energy, whereas you can reduce iron and CaCO3 with hydrogen and make steel and cement almost carbon-free. And as Fe and CaCO3 are present almost everywhere, you also don't have to globablize the production. Ow, and if you evalutate the CO2 ton to be around 100$ (i think its at least 4 time this price), solar energy is twice as expensive to build and install as nuclear per kWh(and if we start reducing iron and cement with hydrogen, the difference will only grow). Thats only installed power, not produced power, also not counting energy storage. I really like wind though and geotermic energy though, i think thermo solar is a good idea (not as good as passive) and maybe next gen solar won't use as much rare earth. Also if you're really interested, you should check how a power grid works. [0] https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S00489... [1] https://www.wired.com/story/solar-panels-are-starting-to-die... > Lots of whataboutism here. Yes, but im sorry, the discussion is not "nuclear or not nuclear", its nuclear energy or another form of energy > Anyway, the big issue is that it could have been(and still can be) much worse. it’s a scalable disaster with consequences outlasting human generations. If you need heroic efforts and enormous resources to contain something and there’s a possibility of that not succeed then you don’t want it happen and it’s a big deal. No, no civil nuclear incident can't be worst than Chernobyl. Right now or in the future. There is no reactor that is using graphite anymore. Even if we lost suddenly all knowledge. Fukushima however, why not. But if its not happening in the next 50 years, it won't happen after with Gen3 and Gen3+ designs. You can argue than gen3+ designs have a greater surface of attack and are no better than gen3 and i could reluctantly agree, however i think a core catcher is a must have on new designs. We never know what can happen, what if we suddenly lost all knowledge on how to operate a fission plant? I don/t think the supermarket is a good example, but if a branch company made a product that i see as harmless, i would stop buying from all the other branch. Kinda hard to do grocery shopping without Nestlé and Lactalis, but i somehow manage. Yeah, still not taking into account the energy we're using and the manpower this energy liberate. But this energy is not infinite. Despite all innovations in solar/wind, and assuming efficient storage that does not exist yet, EU won't be able to absorb a 3% decrease in oil+gas importations by 2030. Rystad ( https://www.rystadenergy.com/ ), pre-covid, was forecasting a 2 to 8% decrease in oil and gas import from the EU according to the think tank "the shift project" [0][1]. I won't talk about manpower much because there is still a chance that nothing more heavy than Covid will hit us in the near future, but meals will be hard to get this year in eastern Africa and while this year India did not suffer as much as in 2019, another drought like 2019 next year would be even more disastrous. For information, this winter could have been worse for Africa than 2011, luckily the wildfires and drought in russia were localized further north than a decade ago. But well, we still have two silver bullets: fusion and renewable hydrolyse. [0] https://theshiftproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Study... complete data analysis [1] https://theshiftproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/fig40... short graph. Please explain why you're downvoting, this is a fact, only wild polio is "eradicated" from africa, not vaccine-induced polio (type 1 and type 2 are often milder than wild polio however). And i think there was a polio outbreak in Soudan this year, so... I can try to find you the French sources if you want, but Raoult did affirm around early june i think that the IFR for covid19 was 5 time inferior with HCQ and his protocol, with .7% IFR! The ARSGE later published a study that predicted .5% to .9% IFR in eastern France, and i think the CDC predicted .5% for the US. > Note, though: circulating cold & flu viruses serve to "boost" prior immunity via new mild/asymptomatic cases each year. Without these, immunities are decaying. No, not really. I understand where you're comming from but this is a myth, that even some generalists doctor contribute to. Yes the immune system can "register" a new pathogen and how to produce antibodies for them, but honestly we have vaccine for (almost) every sickness that can put a non-immunodepressed down if the immune response is too late, and adequate serums and care when a vaccine isn't available. But your immune system do not "decay" if not stimulated. At all, and it might even be the opposite (the effect is within the error margin of the studies for now). It is impossible with Gen3+ (that include a core catcher). However, i have studied Gen3 and Gen3+ designs, i think Gen3 design are really safe enough, even if knowledge decline as much as it did on Trantor: anybody with small training could keep one functionning if they follow the simple rule: if something unexpected happen, Don't touch anything. Gen3+ add a new surface of attack, a digital one, while the main issue in Gen3 is not fixed (for information, the main security issue is the pool). I'm not a fan. Yes, but i think you don't have the orders of magnitude here. The image showed in the article [0] doesn't separate the different energi use making it look like the NRE have more impact that they really have. You might want to look a that instead [1]. In reality solar accounted for less than a percent of used power in 2016. From wikipedia [2]: ```Worldwide growth of photovoltaics is extremely dynamic and varies strongly by country. As of 2020, there are at least 37 countries around the world with a cumulative PV capacity of more than one gigawatt. By the end of 2019, a cumulative amount of 629 GW of solar power was installed throughout the world.[2] By early 2020, the leading country for solar power was China with 208 GW,[3][4] accounting for one-third of global installed solar capacity. By the end of 2016, cumulative photovoltaic capacity increased by more than 75 gigawatt (GW) and reached at least 303 GW, sufficient to supply approximately 1.8 percent of the world's total electricity consumption.``` So the installed power in 2016 is at least 303 GW. Let's check how much it produce (and btw, solar is not like wind or water and can't easely be disconnected from the grid, at least for large solar farms, so broadly: solar power generated = solar power used). According by ourworldindata [3], 328.2 TWh in 2016 and 724 in 2019, so it roughly double every two years. That's the good news. And the cost have nothing to do with this. The bottlneck is twofold: the installation (peopl trained to instal the solar panels as well as the land usage, and the other one is the production. That can keep doubling every other year, but one thing won't, and that the mines. The growth decline already started for wind power generation because of the first bottleneck (the demand don't follow the offers), i'm afraid the second one will limit the solar panel usage. I've read that installed solar was 3% of installed electricity in 2019, so roughly .3% of electricity used. Electricity generation is 1/3 of our GHG emissions, and we need to limit those to 0 by 2050, or at least by 2070. This is not hte way. It will help, but this is not the way. [0] https://www.carbonbrief.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Scree... [1] https://www.c2es.org/site/assets/uploads/2017/10/estimated-r... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_power_by_country [3] https://ourworldindata.org/renewable-energy Mmm, true, i meant that in Gen3+ the meltdown was manageable for any civilisation, but in any case, if a meltdown happen in a Gen3 or Gen3+, it will be caused by malice and a lot of neglect, and not by accident. Still, Gen3+ and their core catchers are overengineered and i think are not worth the additional cost in GHG. Well, the thing with GHG-induced climate change (not counting wetbulb temperature that will be reached more than a hundred day a year in some highly populated areas) is that the troposphere become warmer while the stratosphere become colder. I'd be interested if you can guess the fantasies i have knowing that. Also, endogenic species are dieing faster than the forest replace them, forests are dryer, this summer we were 50km close to have the Russian weat fields burn more than they did in 2010 (with effects on the world hunger and politics in 2011 well know). This could be mitigated honestly, and i'm pretty sure that this, we can manage. Katrina every year, maybe not as much. > Due to high consumer taxes on electricity. Look at France. They did not pay for their nuclear power through consumer taxes but through general taxes hence the price looks low. Somebody else paid in other words. French taxes are higher than German taxes. No. Where did you even read that? EDF gave France government 20 Billions in dividends over 10 years, not the opposite. While selling electricity on average 42 euros/MWh. No subsidies, and EDF pay for the whole French network AND the international cables (those going to UK are a net loss). And like USPS have to put money aside to take care of their employees retirement, EDF had to put money aside to take care of retired nuclear plant and waste storage over 300 years. Also EDF had to absorb the cost of linking solar "farms" to their network themselves (in their report in 2012 they estimated this cost to be close to 1 billion by 2017). On this point this is likely that it did not cost that much, because they managed to be able to refuse individuals trying to connect to their grid. The EPR was a mistake and made EDF valuation down by 80%, but despite that and no financial help from the French government (except with sales contracts), the dividends are still comming through. EDF is run by engineers (or at least was) and it shows. I'd argue that even very good C++ programmers make mistakes that can be harmfull, and that those mistakes will be hard to catch by the average programmer who will deploy the new code. That's in my opinion why on a small to medium project where objects are not needed, it is better to use C than C++. I know for a fact that 3 isn't even used on national-cup event in France, at least for sailing, canoe and kayak events. Or rather, that the club and physical preparators from this club advise against anything other than supplements, and even the French Kayak champion (Joly) only take a few of those, only 1/3rd of a year. > The earth is round and we don't control the solar input, the oceanic cycles like the AMO, ENSO, PDO, NAO, etc, the cloud cover albedo of the planet is largely out of our control...the volcanism and deep sea geothermal venting is completely out of our control...etc etc It is funny how many phenomenas have an influence on the climate, and yet there is only one phenomena [0] that explain how the low troposphere is warming while the stratosphere is cooling, and its not part of this list. Do you have a take on this too? And also orders of magnitudes are key here, but you have to go deep and stay skeptical to get that. [0] Actually two, but we are sure the second had no influence in the last 20 years at least. Japan/Korea are not as liberal as US/western europe though. And danemark/norway/sweden/finland or the baltic countries in general are more socialist that enven France, really. there is ~10 cases of confirmed reinfection in the world, and one death among them. Over what? Hundreds of millions of cases? So the only thing you can deduce is: some people might get reinfected by covid, the reinfection seems to be worse (at least in confirmed reinfection cases, but this is skewed because the only time we get reinfection cases is when people are put in a hospital, so...) Also antibody-based immunity should not fade that quick (less than a month for the elderly that died) so those are fringe cases and nothing else, and trying to make some sort of rule for reinfection less than a year before the patient 0 was even infected for the first time is a bad idea. It changed, not as much as it should have, but it changed in the right way. Yeah, and when the woman start shooting back and is actually funnier than the bully, he start trying physical "play", and go cry to the boss once he's taken a knee in the nuts. Listen, i won't argue about "too PC", but in my experience, if a workplace have a not PC culture and the target of discrimination start shooting back harder than the bully, it always end poorly for everyone. I'd rather work on a Go, ocaml, haskell or clojure project with a C dec than a C++/Java dev. OO programmation is hard to unlearn and add basically no value for system/network projects. Yes C can give you bad habits, especially if you're not rigorous, but people trying to add inheritance and classes everywhere are a disease. I remember most JS code pre-ECMA6, it was cancerous, that when my OO hatred started. Sadly not much. The stratosphere is getting colder, while the troposphere is getting hotter, and the overall energy the earth is getting from the sun is sensibly the same. See https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/world-of-change/Solar (it was a quick search) I don't understand why, do you have a use case? I deactivated sshd multiple times for some clients (needlessly I should add since the VM only network access was through VNC, and sometimes nfs wo) to avoid data leaks. When some data (often code) had to be sent to the VM, I don't see one case when reactivating ssh and not sftp is better than the reverse. Activating sftp only allowed us to keep track of the file put on the server, effectively copying everything passing through the chroot directory. >Through massive, massive, restrictions in our normal life we managed to reduce CO2 emissions by what, 30%? most likely 4-6% by the end of the year is europe goes back to the same lockdown as in march. To reduce that to needed levels by 2050 (to reach the 2°C by 2100 "best" scenario), you need -5% every year since last year. Its in the bag for 2020 at least, so that's great. In my utilarian eyes, writing clean code is absolutely necessary, unless you write for yourself. The hours lost, hair pulled in front of terrible code, the helplessness and the resignation... Bad code make the world worst in every possible way, at least for me. Optimization doesn't matter as much. In fact i've read on some forum focused on prehistoric events (Neandertalis and sapiens "cohabitation") that the theory of humans having wolf/lion pack type of behavior (Alpha male with multiple females, beta couples leaving the pack during hard time, stuff like this). Well, i think the (honestly quite basic) climate model that came into being in 1974 is 95% accurate then, since it predicted the rise in average temperature until 2020. What climate modelists do is take the data from 1950, put that in their models, and see how well ir predict the temperature and hydrometry of different areas. I think what they were working on in the 2010s was how much the artic polar circle was at risk of breaking more often, and what that would mean for the average temperature (not much) and precipitations (probably drier winters/springs in europe). Sadly they did not amke prediction about how much the polar winds descending south would kill buds and take a toll on orchards. Me and my friends learned with Vim first (not really a choice, our exams were basically on fresh installs). One of us got into SublimText quite fast (with modal editing too, using vintage), while another went into vim scripting and python, and another with neovim. It was our first year, i don't think we even finished our Posix shell project at that time, so our knowledge of vim's binding was very limited, as we spent less than 6 month on it. But this was really comfortable, and even the two people of our group that learnt to code prior with the Java IDE got hooked with modal editing, vim or not. Because once you've learned how to use it, it is just more comfortable. I still know how to use ctrE and ctrlA and basic shortcuts present with every IDEs, but the `find ", move one right, delete all util next "` i don't, and i'm pretty sure is not the same on Atom or Netbeans, and since i've already learned the superior `ri"` (replace inside ""), i don't understand why i should learn more complex shortcuts. I mean, even `delete from this word until the end of the line` i'm pretty sure won't be the same within two editor (you'll have to find the word with control f, place a mark wich differ depending on the editor, CtrlE, then either place a second mark or delete from the first mark? i guess?). I like consistency and not having to place mark and think on "how will i do that". I'm not saying modal editing is better, i think it's just like learning to use a new tool. Let's say you want to add floorboard in your house. You know how to use a circular saw (everyone does), so you use that, and that's okay and probably enough. I've learned how to safely and correctly use a radial saw however, and will rather use one if i have the choice. It's not better inherently, i'm just lazy and i find using a radil more comfortable (as long as i have earplugs available). If this were true, French elections too would follow Benfords's law for all 10-15 candidate in the first turn. It does not. Is this evidence of fraud too? My three month lockdown was basically "i don't have a camera", followed by "i'm waiting for the `amazon concurrent know to be slower` order to arrive" and then "sorry, this driver doesn't work on my kernel" (yes i did downgrade my kernel for this). By the end of the lockdown i still didn't have a camera and my manager stop caring. I am starting a new web project next week (first web project in years), thank you for your explanation. I like treating code as data and vice-versa so i figure REact will be better for me than Vue, despite my initial choice. For sure it will be better than vanilla+Jquery :P A human foetus w/o personality or any human trait, or a person that have a life to live and don't want to forcibly stay attached to that violonist for 9 months, i think i'm pretty okay with killing the foetus and everyone should be too. Doesn't low amniotic fluid result in premature delivery in anycase? The doctor will try to help you make it to 35 weeks but its often not possible. Also if i remember correctly, Doctors try to add amniotic fluid during delivery to avoid complication for the mother and the children (else it can be bloody and infection-prone). Also, maybe i agree on principle that abortion should be a terrible choice (i've have not thought this through yet), but a lot of my friends or close family are educators/youth counselors (i have been one myself in another life) and even with a big social security net (unlike the US), some lives are just so unbelievably sad i sometime think we should tests the parent before allowing them to have a child. I'm joking, but some days, not really. To put the pro-life choice into perspective, of the 4 girls present in the "foyer" i was working at ten years ago (google translate give me reception center or youth club, its an orphanage for 11yo+), the only one still alive was blowing guys in the toilets since she was 12. At least she was proactive and asked money for it. The other 3 died, one suicide at 14, the other two "accident" between 17 and 19 yo (they did not leave a note). I only have new from one of the 30 guys i was trying to help at the time, he is still living in the street at 23yo, my mother just got him to do the paperwork to get a social security card and taught him how to use the formation center locals to cook for himself, so i guess he is making steps, but he was one of those we had hope for when he was 14, so knowing he is in the street since he is 18 make me feel like a failure. I'm pretty sure nobody really wants to know those exist, know their past, their mothers, fathers or stepfathers, but still, they exist. I can't be pro-life when i've seen them suffer, seen them kill themselves, either literally or with drugs. Or not being able to live at all. I've seen a boy with no autism, aged 6, act like a 3yo around noon and bedtime and having a lot of issue with urinating and defecating (i was specialized 3-6). Asked the director why. If this kid manage to pass the mental trauma his father inflicted him, the physical damages will stay with him for the rest of his life. Some people should never, ever be parents. The killing of foetus is inconsequential until we've fixed how we take care of our children. Or maybe sterilizing people is the way to go. if this is seen in bike competition, its legit. If it is forbidden, nothing can be deduced about it and if this is allowed but not used, this is useless. Not only that, but there is evidence of genetic exchange taking place around the 9th century between scandinavia/England and Malian kingdoms (i know it was not the Malian kingdom at that time). Probably slave trade tbh. > As of today, they updated the study with 3000+ patients. Yes, this update was around July. They found an IFR of .7% with patient treated with HCQ. Lower than the 1.2% mortality rate in eastern France. But wait! In august, the IFR of eastern France was calculated again and was found to be around .7% (+-.3%) too? SO since august, the narrative changed: HCQ soes not prevent people from dying at all, but prevent them to carry a viral load important enough to contaminate other people as much. With no real study, as doing so would be unethical. Convenient. Honestly if you followed the story as much as i did (and i did buy HCQ early on, as my boss was a fan and sold me on Raoult with daily update), it became more and more ridiculous, with the organ point was the IFR recalculation in august, when i told myself i should be ashamed to have willingly believed something this early, coming from someone who, as Bergame started dying and Colmar was being infected, stated that the virus would not be coming to France, then, as my cousin bagged the 18th body in his hospital, posted a video called "Coronavirus: Game Over!", later edited and renamed. > Actually I think private insurance generally had the potential to be much better than public insurance Why? Maybe private care is better than public care, i don't know, but insurance? Swisslife (one of the best/most efficient in my country) reimburse 65 to 67% of their anual income, so roughly 33% of what you're giving them goes into administration/coordination fees. Public insurance? 20% of the money they receive via taxes are used for administration/coordination. So if i had a choice, i would pay a premium on public insurance (more taxes, or instead, asking my bosses to give the 120€/mo to the public insurance instead of paying swisslife). Better ROI. But any black person coming legally from the Nigeria/Mali Area to the US will have a lower life expectancy than if he came to Europe? Maybe this is crazy, but here is an explanation: legal immigrants are richer and more educated than average in their country of origin and thus have better outcomes after having immigrated. My grandfather is living in Lincoln county WV (since before i even knew him), i know a lot of people in Huntington and Charleston, in fact most Americans i know live between there and Fayetteville, WV. I would be shocked if life expectancy there is higher than 70, especially if you're not in a fringe group. I don't know about Germany, but in france, the 20% include retirement plan and something else untranslatable, but think financial help for familly with children, youth camp and childcare founding, association founding, financial help for college students. I think the "secu" (health care) take around 30% of our blocked slaray, so it more like 7-8%. Did you see Alphazero vs stockfish chess matches? I looked into 7 of them, and of those 7, 3 of them could have been played by a human (2 victories one draw). It was impressive. Correct me if i'm wrong, but sociology is soft-science, subfield of psychology right? Maybe it isn't, i'm not sure, but this is what i've been lead to think. And sociology have predictive value, can we agree on that? Putting plots/columns in front of emergency exit (or just small exits) do help the human flow. We can predict and manipulate panic spread, social contagion, how people evacuate[0]... So i suppose sociology is one of the exception you're talking about, but, realistically, isn't that just because sociological studies and applications have more founding, are easier to recruit for, and have less ethics constraint than other psychologies studies? It's nothing like economics. [0] https://royalsocietypublishing.org/doi/full/10.1098/rsif.201... Most economists, "orthodox" or Neo-keynesian, have the same issues: they don't understand physics. I'll develop: GDP growth is `(population growth) * (productivity gains) * ß` basically, right? So GDP per capita is productivity gain. Any person/economist with a better view on this is welcome, i mostly took that from economics 101 (or equivalent) in my first year, when i still did not know what i wanted to do. Is the human body more productive than 20 years ago? is the human mind more productive than 20 years ago? No, not really, but we had two thing that helped us: more energy, and Moore's Law. Once our Carnot machines were optimized and our electric motors available, productivity gains caused by efficiency became marginal, and the best way to increase productivity was to install more machines. There is a hard 100% limit that physic impose us on electric motors, and a hard 64% Carnot's law impose us on thermic motors anyway, so no efficiency gains here. The same way, Moore's law will stop one day. I'll be optimist and believe we will have CPU enter the nano dimension. And as smaller size equal smaller energy use, let's say this will be *10 efficiency (smaller mean they will break more easily too). Really unlikely, but let's assume that. So GDP growth will be driven/limitied by energy output in the forseeable future, once we will recover from Covid. NHS is clearly not the best HC system when taking into account most factors (18th in the world) https://www.who.int/healthinfo/paper30.pdf Well, if you have to chew through TBs of data every hour, don't use PHP i think? Unless you're not in a competitive business and you can pretty much throw money at the data? I think to OC is not well formulated: If you're selling a web app or web SAAS, any language the founders know best is the best. Any other stuff, it is not always the case (but it might be!) No, its not, but it is a fun language. I'd take a lisp job over anything if i found one. Not because it is the best language (it is not the best at anything, except maybe prototyping), but because it is fun, and interesting to work with it. DNT was made for this. In-browser, voluntary. How well did it work? > Soviets killed only white Europeans Why would you think that? Where do you come from? USSR insurrection were from their southern borders. If i remember something from highschool, those are not white europeans, but mostly Turkomongols and Tatars. The USSR integrated most of Transoxiana, and and financed conversion to atheism, how could this possibly end well? You can't be free without limits either. Unless you're the only free man in your society. Nah, but the Iran deal is almost dead, the US lost the leadership in the TPP, and although India, the Philippines, Korea, Japan and Australia played well, the CCP grabbed more power than ever in this trade deal. The CCP also managed to take control of eastern Africa and managed to make an indian ocean trade route that COMPLETELY avoid India. Well done. Also during the squabble between Trump and Kim-Jun-Un, the CCP just send 4000 troups in 16 different location around the Indian ocean, to "secure their investment". TBH i'm glad there is a little competition to the US, and that the CCP successfully outplayed the US on a diplomatic standpoint, but please don't conflate foreign policy and war. War is such a small part of foreign policy overall. Peak phosphorus is one of the peak i'm less worried about in my lifetime or my children's lifetime. Morocco reserves are probably underestimated, as are Algerian reserves. As long as Morocco stay stable and is help by its economic partners during hard times (France and Spain mostly), it wont' be an issue. But you're right, hydroponics solve this issue. Yes, Fred Hampton's assassination was really, really interesting for anybody who read about political philosophy, or anybody interested with the concept of class struggle. But i would be quite surprised if the hit on Huey was a government hit. His existence prevented another movement like the black panther to take place. I can think of a lot of journalists if it is your definition. Some are not defined as journalists in my country, but other are. I think, rising with WWW, James Randi and his followers are more and more numerous and reach further than they did. People that 10 years ago i thought were in weird places. I disagree with some parts of MMT, and with most orthodox or neokeynesian economists (i think DICE was the model that made me think "well they're mostly just idiots" and stop reading economists papers, and Nordhaus nobel prize just made me feel even less respect for the profession). So i'm really not in the economist/MMT camp. But any deflationary money can only facilitate trade, and nothing else. You can't build on this. Crypto was exiting and, a hundred desillusion later, is still interesting for most people here, but BTC breaking 20k is (at least for me) just boring. It was interesting to know it reached the previous peak at 18k, but 20k, 25k, 30k... Its deflationnary, so of course it will go up. You can't pay taxes with it, you can't loan it, you can't invest it on the primary market. It's boring money. Well except a small company selling servers and security for data analysis suffered quite a big push from what seem to be a Serbo-Russian group, using one of our client VPN in belgrade and a lot of social engineering (investing 6 month and a fake identity). Incidentally it looked a lot like ATP28 attacks, and probably the data wouldn't even be worth that much, making the operation unprofitable even if it were more successfull than that it was. When Fancy Bear will stop putting their greasy fingers everywhere for no reason, maybe i will stop the "bullshit rhetoric parroted by the media and citizens who don't know much about the country". Until then, sorry but to me tehy will be an enemy. I also happen to have a friend who live in Kiev since 2012 and is now in the "priate security" business . "lot of poverty" is quite nicely put. When a state (city in this case, but well, no one is fooled) is hiring mercenaries from private companies to keep people in order, yeah, seems like a great country. Volgograd, St-petersbourg and Moscow are fine, sure, but border cities? Yes, and those energy are very mineral intensive and the current number of new installation per year need to triple to avoid creating new coal or gas plants altogether. Is it sustainable? And i agree, fusion is at least 50 years away of a working ITER unless a breakthrough in supraconductor is done Even if its true, I'm sorry, but so what? Okay, context here. Around 2015, a measle epidemics broke out between switzerland and Eastern France. less than 2000 cases, 12 dead and a bit more than a hundred children disabled (the fever was too hot for the brain and they lost cognitive functions). Unluckily, in a school where barely 60% of children where vaccinated, lived a child who survived leukemia. Chemo was part of her treatment, so she never received a vaccine, not by their parent choice btw. I took care of her during my youth camp concellor days so i know she was very carefull with infections and hygiene. Well, anyway, she died from measles. I don't care if you don't vaccinate your child, but if you don't, you should have to remove your child from school or club activities the moment an immunodepressed child enter it. Sorry if not vaccinating your child or yourself will deny you from service, i don't care. You have a choice, they don't. I think France, Italy and Spain data is pretty convincing. If you know anybody near Colmar or Bergame or working in any hospital around there, lockdowns (decided by the state or not) were more than necessary. Maybe not nation-wide, sure, i think this could have been a mistake, but smaller than doing nothing. I've already said that, but my cousin (emergency care) in Colmar was sending his "best" patients in army planes to another cousin working in Brittany (reanimation). He worked 12 to 14 hours a day, for 45 days straight. That was one hotspot, and Colmar was hit a bit less than Bergame, i'm pretty sure any italian having familly there would have many more horror story than i have. At least they didn't have to select patients in Colmar (well, not as much). I think the "New Deal" and taxes that were going with it, while flawed at the time, gave the US the basis to become the 1rst power in the world, and made most americana, even poor ones, better. Because infrastructure is for everyone. Financed by taxes or by inflation, i don't care, but if one thing can be learn from USSR and now China, is that central planing is shit in most situation, but when its working (with infrastructure and networks) its a big net positive. I disagree. Using BMI to gauge the obesity of an individual is lazy, but for a population, its quite okay. How many people are more than 6'5" in a population? How many athletes? And even athletes sometime are overweight! A 6'5", 29 BMI NFL LB might be healthy, but the 32 BMI lineman with the same size will have the same problem as obese people once he's 35, discounting injuries. Montessori is not ignored in my country, but: - Cost more money for the state - Cost more time to the teacher (its an issue since early grade teachers are already swamped) - is in "testing" since the late 90's at least and is not quite there yet. So we took another approach, more like germans. Reduced schools hour and add 2x2 hours of learning something else. Woodworking, board game, wird sports, anything the teacher can put in place (often boring stuff tbh, but i heard really good initiatives from friends that stayed in the social "business"). Well, in the end, it costed more money, took more time from the teachers anyway, was poorly implemented all around and was rolled back in some areas. But weirdly, while rural areas often get the short end of the stick when this kind of change rolls out, in this case, this created a lot of social link and learning opportunities (as they got no money, they had to ask parent/grandparents and people living around for help and this often was a success) I've always been impressed with production engineers, cause they always find a way to explain to us (software/electric/electronic engineers) the issues with the marketing/commercial/supply chain side and explain to the executives/MBAs that, no, adding 10 people to a 5 people team won't make the team go 3 time faster. In big consortiums projects they are pretty much a glue imho. Having a production engineer as an exec is probably the best way to run a successful team if you project involve multiple field of knowledge (as Apple probably does). Tim Cooks understand tradeoffs, and this understanding should be expected of any top exec. Is it often the case? Okay. So let's unpack here. The only cheaper energy source (that include pilotability) would be nuclear. Its not as portable, but it exist. Fission is limited (not really, but minerals will be expensive to mine after a while). So We have Fusion left. ITER will be up before 2028 hopefully. We just found a better way to make our fusion magnetic fields, so this is not a pipedream. BUT even this advance is not enough for sustainable fusion. We have to find an even better way to create our magnetic fields, sustainable under high temperature (probably with high pressure). We recently found a supraconductor that is interesting because it work at "high" temperature (high for physicien is death for people), high pressure. sadly we don't understand shit about all those new supraconductor, we don't even understand CuO supraconductors yet. If we have fusion in 2080, it will be because we invested heavily for this (and we're not). And it is a silver bullet, that we're not allowed to miss, or else. We are signing checks without provision unless we find the right tech, at the right time. My guess is that some will have to pay. Most of us here aren't to concerned (i know i'm not, probably only people living close to the Ohio river should be less concerned than me), but people living in Florida and south of Texas will want to buy a climatised suit if they hope to be able to be out more than 10 day a year by 2080. I don't know, the IPCC 2005 models are really accurate (you have to take the "if nothing is done" line). But i guess 15 years is not enough for you. Well, it's simple. Look at BP scientist model in the late 70's and look how much we diverged. 40 years, if the model is false you will see it fast no? Since you're a skeptic, you have to follow the rule: look at the evidence that say you're wrong before looking at the evidence that say you're right. Luckily, those models can be the evidence of both at the same time, so you only have to do your own research twice! 4. Consumme less, 5. Let the economy stall, it will at some point anyway. Did you read the list? From what i got, it was NYTime > Wapo = FoxNews > random Tabloids, do you have an issue with this? Do you think in general, Fox News is more reliable than the New York Times (when one is a televised source with article covering their shows, and the other a newspaper with limited editorial content)? In fact, in a nutshell, would you trust a random editorial on science and technology from the NYT or a random editorial on science and technology from Fox News? I know i trust the scientific doing vulgarization work for the NYT more than scientific ones factchecking the "science" on Fox News, but this is just because i don't know who Fox News hired for this, do you have information on him? By the way, the man writing science articles for France NYT equivalent (le Monde) is really biased and i don't trust any of his article by principle, so its no a "mainstream media good!" position, i just read articles, compare what i know for sure and the articles, and if its more wrong than right, I throw the man and whatever he ever wrote after that in field i don't really get (so not physics and not compsi). I can't do that for Fox News (its not often signed sadly, and its often shitty pseudoscience). If you have a method that tells you that Fox News is factually better than the NYT (and not an arbitrary one), could you share this method? Maybe the color code is shitty, i agree with that. SPLC should be yellow. ``` The Southern Poverty Law Center is considered generally reliable on topics related to hate groups and extremism in the United States. As an advocacy group, the SPLC is a biased and opinionated source. The organization's views, especially when labeling hate groups, should be attributed per WP:RSOPINION. Take care to ensure that content from the SPLC constitutes due weight in the article and conforms to the biographies of living persons policy. Some editors have questioned the reliability of the SPLC on non-United States topics. SPLC classifications should not automatically be included in the lead section of the article about the group which received the classification. The decision to include should rather be decided on a case-by-case basis. ``` For information, hatewatch indeed group KKK, Neonazi with other conservative groups, anti-LGBT especially, and sometime anti-abortion group depending on the degree of proselytism. It is a antifa technique, really soft as only the organization and the leaders are on the list. It is useful knowledge, but not as much as the private antifa lists (that include members of the organization too). The key difference is population density. There is a demand, but its too low to be sustainable. And by the way, you have food deserts in europe (Alps, Balkans). I've never been to Estern Europe but a friend of mine is selling mercs (security detail to be exact) there and i souldn't be surprise if some food desert existed between Crimea and Oural from what i'm told. Small productor market and product are politically tainted too, so a small percentage of the population won't ever come in. And health shouldn't be about politics. >The US is angry about it, since all the major tech companies happen to be american. And chineese. This new Whatsapp thingy would have been another disaster in Europe if we were not protected by the RGPD. They support racial equity, a lot of NBA and NFL player (don't know about NHL) supported their communities during Covid + BLM and paid bail/lawyer money in some states so people get their right to vote back. NBA stars were particularly active during the first lockdown. I don't know about the US, but I say "merry Christmas" to people I see before the 24th and that I will for sure see before the 1rst,and a "happy holidays" equivalent if won't met between the two days. Are you sure it's only profit motivated and not a will to be semantically correct? Yes, the man had his flaws but he was dead right on what to expect of people. He was right about the US and the UK. I think the second lorry park being build in Kent means that the troubles are not that temporary (especially for Kent people). Also either the UK governement still hasn't hired near enough customs agents, either the training was so horrendously planned it's shamefull (especially when you compare to NL and FR customs agents). There is a fresh food issue in the UK, salads and tomatoes especially. Maybe you don't eat salads so you did not notice until its tomatoes that are hard to find on the shelf. My cousins that are exporting some medium-quality wine (10 to 25€/bottle) to the UK seems to be fine, there will be a price hike that can cut some of their british customers but the chineese market seems to open up for them so they won't rely on UK export anymore. Agree with everything you said, and wha'ts left unsaid (uygours, the aging issue, the abandonned youths in central China, and many others). But this: > because unfortunately all central planning is poor by its very nature Is untrue for a very specific subset of issue: nation-wide infrastructure. W/o central planning, not nuclear plants, no French/Japanese/Italian/Chinese trains. Electricity: the bigger you network is, the easier it is to pilot said network. Central planning is a tool, like the free market is a tool. Hardcore Liberals and Communists will both disagree with me, but it is 2021, i think we're past Marx and can recognize Adam Smith was not always right (even if he was on point on a lot of thing). You can also have a central-planning thingy along a river that multiple community use to better allocate a really needed ressource that is called water. Not nation central planning, but something in between. > EU is laughing at us I assure you we're not, most of us aren't at least. I feel sorry for everyone involved, including the EU. I think the "throw that form in the bin" from B. Johnson last year was a low point of politics everywhere in the world and was a tell of a profound lack of empathy. I know some people will feel deseperate because of the new barriers (the Covid crisis did not help at all tbh), and luckily this one sentence is old enough so that not that many people will remember, but this is the kind of "advice" that can push a desperate person a little bit too far. "I'm just joking" doesn't really work when you're an adult. The way CO2 is working make that its GH effect grow with altitude. And while C02 is heavier than O2 and N2, convection and probably other boring effects (i failed my thermodynamic classes, and it was 10 years ago, sorry) makes that the Co2 surplus emitted at sea level will find itself in high troposphere in 20 to 30 years. So the effect we have right a this moment is mostly caused by the carbon we emitted in early 2000's and before. > Of course there will be issues, on both sides. Yet for now one side seems a lot less prepared than the other one. > And on a more theoretical level, if the EEC had continued as-is and hadn't transformed itself into a political union then we probably wouldn't have had Brexit. So who's to blame? Sorry? Then why not join under Shengen's deal like Switzerland? Nothing to do politically with the UE, same rules and duty as the EEC used to have with some right removed. But Shengen dealt exclusively with trade and movement. Who's to blame? People that never thought about "what would happen if..." and voted anyway. Who will suffer? Always the same. It's not as simple as that. I don't think any of Jean-Clément Martin books are translated to english, but its really not as simple as that. High blood pressure is a serious underlying condition (and counted as an underlying condition in Covid death). Obesity is counted as an underlying condition at stage 1 (between 30 and 35 BMI). I'm not old but i agree with you. I don't think the "cancel culture" is something meaningfull, it's just people societally liberals (calling them leftist when they mostly are dead center on economical issues hurts me) who finally understood the overton windows have been used successfully by economic liberals and fascists/nationalists[0] and using the same tactics, but honestly it is hurting people who don't want to partake in this. [0] not a shot at them, one of the person i respect the most is fascist and have the culture to admit he is. I'm pretty sure we broke one of our bank client by telling them that data import will be exclusively with SFTP. We ended up allowing FTP (and thus our security certification was voided). It was a Euro bank though, but it was barely two years ago. In my last school year, after three month doing security CTF, and for all my C projects since, i started bringing with the string its length and did everything i could to avoid using \0. I think almost all non-deprecated C stream function give you the string length (or bits received rather). The reasons are multiple: its faster to use write() than printf() (and you don't have to flush to synchronize), its way harder to exploit, and easier to move around in different buffers. And i got to wrote my own string library during my project, and that was fun. Interesting, i probably wouldn't buy the book for anyone anyway, but still, interesting criticism. I really like the socratic method, i think everyone should be trained to use it on their own belief/knowledge during highschool, its a good autodefense tool and was usefull to me during the "gay marriage" debacle in France where a no small part of my familly manifested against basically something that had no impact on their lives at all. Loss of time and energy to fight against something that wouldn't change anything outside a couple except tax rate for gay couple, maybe. Against theism, i only have two thing to say: - Why should i believe your theism is better than the others (it helps that my mother loosely believe in Vishnu while most of my family is catholic on this side)? - Would the existence of a god have any impact on how i already live my life? I already have a community (two even, not counting online ones), i'm already doing the most good i can, will my belief in any god change what i'm already doing? Actually, its energy usage. You can conflate that to technology but unless you find a way to have a Carnot machine more efficient, energy use is what drive growth (or used to until QE). I don't know about the US, but let's see France: For tax-funded public healthcare, 78% of the money they are making via taxation is used to reimburse patients. That mean 22% is used to pay for the bureaucracy. Its is growing according to the numbers i have, despite all the shiny new tech they could have. You would imagine private healthcare insurance compny overhead is lower, right? or at most at 25% for a 3% profit? Right. So Swisslife (i think this is the european private healthcare that have the biggest network, at least for glasses): 31% of what you're paying will get in their pocket to pay for bureaucracy and profit. Either they have huge margins, either they have huge costs and are more inefficient than public healthcare. whatever the reason is, the number is way too high. I don't understand why people are focused on rising sea levels. This is at best the 3rd most important consequences of global warming. In my list it is barely 5th, and the one whith the longer term. * Food insecurities will be the first challenge, as it will come first probably and will have impact on democracy and will transform food import-dependant countries in powderkegs. US and Europe will be spared by this (southern Spain and Italy not so much, but still). Syria and Liban will be crushed. * Wet-bulb temperature will become the second challenge by 2080, and 2060 if nothing is done by 2040. When Florida, South carolina and south cali will be hit by this, people might start consider moving, or living underground more than half the year. Europe will be spared by this as most projection say the Gulf stream will likely still work until the north pole ice melt, so 2150-2200. * As the troposphere warms up and the stratosphere cool down, we will witness harsh meteorological events that will strain infrastructure all around the world. * Ectothermics species will work at an higher level, their metabolism will be boosted and we will see pests working harder (and at higher latitudes). While endothermic species will disappear quietly. Same thing with mushrooms (that will worsen the 1st issue) * Yes, sea levels will rise. It proably wont have any impact until 2080 for island nations (unless is contaminate their fresh water reserves). IPCCs models from 90s that predicted the average temp rise in 2010's are spot on, you can look into them maybe? Civ5 multi was actually the best 4x multi until maybe hoi4 (and hoi4 is only good for micro nerds like me). I learned that Tarek Hill ran the 200m in 20.14s. The french all time record is barely under 20, and the Tareek's score could allow him to reach the French finals every year since 2015. He is not even training for this. This is impressive to me. Yes, pre-covid, while the crime rates was going down across all european countries, violent crimes seemed to be going up. However, said violent crimes are a lot more restricted in both location and target than it was in the 80s and 90s and look a lot like crime pre-WW1, without the anarchists and socials justifications behind (or maybe people are not as well politically educated than they were in the 1900s). I'm pretty sure gang rape however should just be about media not knowing what to talk about, violent sexual crimes on strangers only decreased in decades pre-covid. Go to the wikipedia page you linked, either read it or CTRL F for the citation, then look to the closest number inside brackets following the citation (it look like this: [10], but in blue and like an exponent with the default theme). Click on it and voila, you can read the citation from the source! It really depends on how the negativity is expressed, and about what. Being negative about something that you can change is defeatism. being negative about something that will happen and can do nothing about is at best unhelpful for anyone. Being negative about how you reacted to something, how you did something, or how something was done (without pointing fingers) is extremely helpful for me, it push me to improve or change where needed. For a "wired" vaccum, i'll go with Festool every time, but yeah, Dyson wireless vacuum are pretty good. I'm anti-bitcoin, and pro-crypto. I think the only thing that should be taxed is wealth, regardless of debt, and not work or transactions; so state don't need to monitor financial transaction at all. BUT bitcoin is not a smart crypto: its inefficient, POW is not a good idea and is worse when the algorithm can be optimized with specialized processor. It gives too much power to state actors (like most computational activities tbh) . If the US, China or Russia wanted to do a 51% attack, it realistically could with some investments. And, tbh, its IS greenwashing, and it is almost more blatant than Total and Exxon. I behave exactly the same way (fasting then keto for 6 month, not practicing keto long term but still lowering my sugar/alcohol intake). I still have occasional acid reflux, though less than before. I thing that when you start something like IF or keto, you already care enough for most of diet-related issues to tone done, like a placebo effect somehow. > Hell a large chunk of internal European trade is still done in dollars on the back-end. No. Internal trade is balanced with target2. Korea banning BTC i think? Unless its china? the price dropped a lot. Its untrue, peanuts and milk allergies were very common 30 years ago, probably more than now in percentage. My genetic grandmother can't eat most of processed food without having an allergic reaction. Probably people were a bit ashamed of their non-threatening food allergies (most food allergies just give a lot of gas and small stomachaches). Also related, Distilbene did not only wreck fecondity, it gave a lot of children food allergies, and i'm pretty sure distilben distribution stopped in the late 70s, so maybe we should just get the numbers and compare, but i'd bet food allergies were more prevalent in the 80s. No, it was from the smalltalk guys, who later designed Eclisped and came to Java. But it was from smalltalk and never caught up until PHP, Ruby and python came strong. -Warning -Werror -Wall -Wextra will tell you plenty. And you can add -Wconversion if you want to be clear on int conversion, and maybe -WShadow if you want to be sure you code is easily understandable. I did TDD five time. Twice with python, one with Go, onw with Rust and once with Common lisp. It was usefull with python, not great with Go and especially Common lisp (i mean, debugging while the code is held is better than debugging with tests, and Common lisp is a really good language to prototype, and TDD takes that out). And Miserable with Rust. With rust i'll test functionality and unsafe code, but i won't ever do TDD again, even if you paid me FU money. France import "cheap wind" (free wind essentially since the price is just high enough to match green energy tax) because the european power grid needs to match production with consumption. And it also helps Germany to reduce the cost of their energy transition. There is a reason why Germans electrical engineers are so cross with Denmark and their eastern neighbors. > It will take the entire nation of Japan to clean up Fukushima. Citation needed. Why don't people understand that the GIEC and UNSCEAR are essentially the same, except that the GIEC have one of their group focused on making politic statements (not the group i like the most, obviously). But if you trust the GIEC documentation and agregation, why not trust UNSCEAR's? I mean, you don't get to cherry pick science. If you're not a climate/radionuclear scientist, you should either distrust both UNSCEAR or GIEC, or trust both . Not GIEC Group3, they mostly heed scientific advice hopefully, but they are different. Chernobyl was really different than Fukushima. The design was really poor, and dangerous, it would have been hell to decommission (still is). Yes the human factor was important in the incident, but with a better design, this wouldn't have been such a disaster. Fukushima is a way better example of "what can go wrong will go wrong", and only a perfect team could've prevented the disaster [0]. EPRs are meltdown proof BTW. I still think its useless design, Fukushima meltdown showed us the risk of an unmitigated meltdown, and those risks were predicted in 1980s by french engineers during the second construction wave (that's why they have a third water circuit, and the secondary water circuit is in a loop). [0] https://hbr.org/2014/07/how-the-other-fukushima-plant-surviv... https://www.jechange.fr/energie/electricite/guides/prix-elec... In France its 18c during peak hours and 12c at night. Retail obviously. It's a bit higher than i remember, but still. I've been to both countries, i'd say for anybody really at the bottom of the pile that Australia is at least ten times better, unless you live in a cabin in West virginia and go by the nearest piggy wiggly by horse. Then public services aren't that important if you don't intend to have kids, and the US is true freedom. It's GPL: its not attributed and the binary is available for download while the code isn't open sourced. It's a scam (it doesn't even use the best version of stockfish, so much for "the best chess engine available"). Moreover, it infringe GPL. I would love if a country started enforcing GPL with huge fines. Company-destroying fines. Printing money don't lead to hyperinflation unless you also can't sell anything (either because you don't produce or because nobody is buying). Again, since i don't know why people believe that (even orthodox economists agree on that): printing money alone don't cause inflation to run away. It can cause a big inflation and make people who have money in the bank/ on the side loose a lot, sure. No hyperinflation, not alone at least. Hyperinflation have confounding factors, one being being unable to sell (Venezuela, Zimbabwe) another being unable to produce enough (Weimar republic in 23). Also my country not invading the Weimar republic for fun and giggles would have helped much more against Nazi propaganda than preventing hyperinflation. Hyperinflation did not cause a famine in Germany. Lack of food caused a famine in Germany, and also in Austria, Poland, USSR, probably Greece and Ottoman Empire (i'm mostly focused in Northern europe history so if someone that extensively studied this area during this time period can correct me, i'd like that, i know a lot of people studied the rise and fall of the Ottomans). Because its what a lack of food does. Incidentally, my late grandfather was born in august 23 and he was told this was the first good harvest year since 1914. I have to look into it but the French government probably decided to store excess grain to refurbish the depleted stocks, and did not help their neighbors much. Anyway, printing money does not cause hyperinflation. This is a usefull myth for the masses since printing money reduce "our" asset size (mine too, i'm rich now!). I think i will repeat myself in this thread: printing money ALONE does not create hyperinflation. I don't understand where this belief came from. Even standards/orthodox/right-leaning economists agree. Unless the US is suddenly also incapable of producing (and this is impossible), you won't ever have hyperinflation even if the fed did twice the QE they are already doing only to reimburse US gov debt. Yeah, its because it really doesn't matter. And what if Twitter registered themselves as a news company in Australia? Would newspapers using links to tweets (or images of tweets) have to pay twitter? This would be really funny. If you already follow a diet, especially for the first time, you will likely see result whether this diet is keto, paleo, mediteranean or anything really. i think the positive effect i got when i did keto a few years back were in hindsight 90% taking care of myself, paying attention to what goes in my stomach and some contextual effects (placebo), despite what i said at the time. The allergies reduction might've been keto though. Nationalism as in nation-state dates back to 323 BC? I would be surprised. I think historian debate if nationalism was born in the 17th or the 18th century, so maybe they are all wrong, but considering how many new, interesting debate are indroduced by Chinese historians (== academics), i doubt the debate wouldn't already have fired if this was a question. At the time, ruling over different culture and languages was a sign of power. Chandragupta's empire included Bengali and people from Deccan, and i think it extended beyond the hindus (Sorry if it the the english term, i'm not fluent enough to read history books in english). I would be VERY surprised if any of those considered themselves as Indian before anything else.