Fortunately the authors have addressed this in the paper: "Legality: In general, it is illegal to broadcast random signals on spectrum reserved for TV (or cellular) channels. However, battery-free backscattering devices (e.g. RFID tags) are unregulated and not tested by FCC because the emission levels from such devices is very low [7] and because they are only modulating their reflection of a pre-existing signal rather than actively emitting a signal in re-served spectrum. Ambient backscatter also falls into this category, and would therefore be legal under current policies." And the tolerance levels are not set at _zero_, but at a specific decibel level on a specific measuring setup. (I've been researching this professionally lately, especially ETSI EN 389-401). Pretty much all high-speed digital electronics in plastic cases will be radiating on the TV band, but at an extremely low level that passes the regulations. This system modulates by switching its antenna between grounded and ungrounded. At no point does it inject transmission power into the antenna. Your house is already full of small metal objects that are slightly resonant in the TV band - such as cutlery. You could probably replicate this experiment by attaching a switchable ground to a fork and holding it _right next_ to a TV antenna. Thanks to the inverse square law the effect is so weak that it really does have to be right next to the antenna; in the paper they report no detectable effects at a distance of more than a few inches. It's also worth observing that "culture" tends to mean "people similar to myself", unless more explicitly defined. So it's no suprise that the people who declared not to "fit" are a woman and a skilled manual worker (machinist). The totally uniform power distribution idea only works if you have totally uniform employees. As soon as you have signifigantly different skillsets and workflows - which you need to do different kinds of work - then employees become uncomparable and shortly afterwards unequal. The size of Valve is also over Dunbar's number, so they're beyond the range of what can be organised with informal social operations anyway. I don't know, how many women work for Valve? It's not public or easily googlable information. Remember, the purpose of this proposed legislation is not to be implemented, or to achieve specific results; it's to curry favour with Conservative voters, and especially those who read the Daily Mail. It will be pushed through only to avoid the loss of face that would come from "giving in to porn". (One of the major problems with the Blair years was this kind of closed loop between policy making and newspaper headlines; actual policy impact spewed out in all directions like scattered neutrons leaking from the policy reactor) I don't believe FCC approval alone is the big bottleneck. You need to test its radio emissions in defined conditions, and that requires some expensive test gear (base station simulator ~= $100k), but realistically you need one of those anyway to debug the device you're developing. A more serious problem is trying to get all the relevant firmware and radio software stack without tripping over IP that is (a) patented and (b) will only be licensed to you under NDA. Qualcomm are particularly bad at this. So you need to choose a suitable SoC with favourable IP licensing. Writing your own "baseband" is a substantial piece of work; some people have embarked on it at http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/ Canonical's approach is sound here and their costs are realistic. Getting it done for free by people working in their spare time is very unlikely to happen. The Arduino _board_ is not designed for running of batteries and is inefficient. The AVR _microprocessor_ is very efficient; that article links to http://www.gammon.com.au/forum/?id=11497 which documents a draw of 360uA in sleep mode. Even the 15ma of "fully on" is equivalent to a single LED. The main power consumer in the GSM case is of course the GSM transmitter, so it's no suprise that he can improve power consumption by turning it off. Generally on more powerful machines you take for granted the operating system, firmware and their many conveniences, but often there will be bugs or poor design decisions that increase power consumption by quite a lot. Solidarity first: find a whole load of people to go with, otherwise your "take the risk to be attacked by security forces" is just "suicide by cop". You cannot do this as a large number of independant individuals. You need an organisation, or several; and yes, that means politics and compromise and all the other things about working with people. In sensible jurisdictions you can't sign away your rights like that, although you may pre-agree to binding arbitration or a particular jurisdiction. However, I've not heard of someone successfully suing paypal, even in the small claims court :( Large areas of EU policy show that this isn't the case. There's a valid "regulation is hard on small businesses" argument, but it doesn't apply to telcos, which are necessarily giant businesses. This sort of market is very prone to "gotcha" fees resulting in unexpected huge bills, and the EU has so far done an OK job of controlling them. Why can't it be both? This is _not_ end-to-end crypto, that would require users storing the keys to their own emails on their own systems. This is basically TLS on a giant scale but does not prevent email from being intercepted while "at rest" on a gmail server. Meanwhile, Toyota claim that hybrid cars are at a "tipping point" in EU sales: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4984ab8e-196d-11e3-afc2-00144feab7... “We are increasing our sales in hybrid a lot,” said Toyota Europe President Didier Leroy. “In western Europe 27 to 30 per cent of our sales will be hybrids this year. In the EU it will be 25 per cent.” Obviously that's less than half of new car sales, and the total fleet will remain mostly petrol+diesel for the next decade, but hybrids and EVs will start to win on economy grounds for commuters fairly soon. Don't forget that in the UK we're paying £1.40 / litre, which is about $10/USgal ( https://www.google.co.uk/#q=1.4+%C2%A3%2Fliter+in+%24%2Fgall... ) While this is obviously very far from feasible, what _is_ possible is a return to servicability for the two parts that most commonly fail: batteries and screens. The rest of the phone is usually fine unless subjected to serious physical battering. The legendarily reliable Nokia 3210 is your landmark here. Note that in a modern phone, the screen strength usually is achieved by bonding it to the case, so in practice "replace screen" turns into "take mainboard out of case and place in new case". Modularity doesn't really help at all with the constant drive to replace working phones with newer, better ones. But there should be an effective secondhand market selling them to the Third world - and there is! No shortage of websites offering people money for their old phones. Long term, we have to wait for the Moore's law slowdown, and a rise in Chinese manufacturing wages and other costs, before a local western repair industry becomes viable again. (Apart from all the other issues, phonebloks would turn "Android fragmentation" into a far more extreme version; you can't guarantee that your peripheral will even be there next time you turn the phone on). Or buy the integrated phone that includes all of those features and doesn't make you swap them out and risk losing or damaging the blocks. Modularity often ends up being a _cost_ to the unsophisticated majority of end users. People don't like it in their software (preferring a "complete solution"), nor in their hardware (e.g. cheap integrated hifi versus expensive minority separates). In Europe, the manufacturer is _legally required_ to either accept old devices for recycling or contribute to a shared fund for doing this. (The program is called "WEEE": http://www.environment-agency.gov.uk/business/topics/waste/1... ) Relatedly, the Fairphone is shipping now: http://www.fairphone.com/ "Fair" in the sense of "ethically sourced tantalum, etc"; but they've also thought about e-waste and deliberately included a replaceable battery. Well, we could remove their existing optout from the Working Time Directive. As to the "but they'll just leave for the Third World!" claim below: 1) it's a networking-based industry. Everyone would have to move at once, or at least a very large chunk. 2) They would have to move to somewhere in the same time zone (finance has outposts in NY, London and Singapore/HK that cover the day in 3 8-hour trading days). I suppose that's less relevant if you're working 20 hours a day. 3) They'd have to move to somewhere similarly cosmopolitan to London. No point in making all that money if you can't walk out the door and find somewhere to spend it in your few precious hours off. That rules out much of the African continent, although there are expat clusters in Angola and UAE. Do bear in mind that there are effectively two alternatives: - uncontrolled internet access, where other people's kids have access to a lot of awful stuff (not just porn but "shock" videos; goatse and worse) - State- or business- controlled internet access, where someone else gets to control what you see, potentially eliminating access to inconvenient stories like Snowden. We could really do with a "third way", but it needs someone to imagine what it could be, how it could work, and how it avoids the usual attempts to ruin it for everyone. I hadn't realised it was quite that crazy. I'm still wrestling with CE approval for a device containing a GSM module. Which looks like it's going to be about E15000 for the radio and electrical testing, plus the complexities of RoHS compliance (random lab testing required, even if all your components are certified lead-free?) I've concluded that Tindie-style electronics cottage industry is basically illegal in the EU. Fortunately I can still buy stuff from dealextreme and alibaba that doesn't have to comply.. The real perk is having _access_ to something that's not on the market for any price - the privilege of a convenient government airfield. Even more exclusive than a regular private jet. The cost of UK fuel is mostly tax. Jet fuel is tax-free by international treaty, I believe (treaty of Rome?) This is not a tyrannical environment. A tyrannical environment is one that makes you clock off to go to the bathroom. There has been some _actual_ fraud involved, most notably the "robo-signing" (steal a million homes at the stroke of a pen): http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/25/robosigning-senten... It would not have prevented the crisis, but it would have prevented a substantial amount of cost-shifting onto mortgagors. Not having IMAP was presumably part of a lockin strategy. I think they may now have realised that it's possible to lock yourself on the wrong side of a door. The web is _very_ churny; waves of people move from service to service over 5-10 year adoption cycles. Eventually people will declare twitter "uncool" (perhaps as a result of abuse problems?) and move onto the next thing. Note that all cows (and some other farm animals) in the EU are already subject to legally-mandated "inventory tracking", of movements between farms. This is for epidemic control purposes following the last outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease. I knew someone who did a PhD on analysis of the cattle movements database.. Ah, you're right; misreading of http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/taxation/excise_duties/... - it's only tax-free within the EU. It's nothing at all to do with the marginal cost and all to do with extracting marginal _value_ from your tiny customer base with a high cost of sales. I worked in an EDA startup for a decade before we were bought by Cadence. Getting people to evaluate our tool generally took a few months of a technical presales person's time. We only ever acquired a few dozen customers: there aren't all that many ASIC companies. Most required at least one custom feature. Therefore there's an elaborate commercial negotiation to take as much money as possible from the customer in order to amortize the R&D. Given manufacturing fixed costs of $250k, spending $250k on software to get it right starts to look reasonable. I agree; market entry to EDA, even for a "utility" that you add to the build chain to improve your results, is extremely hard. What forces are those? Well, people are being suprisingly negative about this; my opinion is that it's a very good thing for the image of the electric car. Especially if it gets shown on TV. It can bust all of the "slow", "unmacho" negative stereotypes. There will probably be ongoing changes in the technology regulations; there always are. Yeah, Glasgow is a bit of an outlier; a nasty mixture of poverty, unemployment, alcohol, and sectarianism gives it a long history of knife crime in some areas. Cheaper? Possibly. Quicker? Almost certainly not. Consumption of _anything_ has political implications, albeit trivial ones: you support whoever made it, and the process by which it was made. I don't think there's anything which can truly be declared apolitical, because people can always _make_ it political. Not necessarily "party" politics, but any case where there are costs and benefits which accrue to different groups. There are some efforts (e.g. opencores), but as discussed here: http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/61873/why-is-... , and the famous Arduino is "open". The "freedom to redistribute copies" and "freedom to modify" aspects of Free software really don't translate well to hardware. There is work and cost associated with copying a board, and much more associated with copying an ASIC (modified or otherwise). It's simply not going to be within the reach of the average user in the forseeable future. Another factor is rapid obsolescence. Some of the open UNIX software is thirty years old; GCC is about 25 years old. Open hardware will generally have a shorter time before it starts looking horribly obsolete. This is especially true of all the things that people really want to be open: processors, graphics hardware, wireless interfaces. (You could have an open replacement for e.g. the 555 or LM741, which would be more timeless, but what would be the point? How would it differ materially from the current ones?) There is certainly scope for "community" hardware development, but that depends on having a stable, sensible community that can agree what it wants and is willing to pay for. Again, requires a lot of work. By the nature of their technology, any FPGA will always be more expensive and energy hungry than the inflexible ASIC counterpart. No silver bullet. What's more likely is interesting SoCs with partially reconfigurable analog blocks and accessible graphics co-processors. Star performers are not inherently more productive - context is important. They are talented but also benefit from the system supporting them. In one study, the performance of 10x Wall Street analysts crumbled when they switched employers if their team did not come with them. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexey_Stakhanov Stakhanov was held up as the >10x more productive coal miner; however, it's now generally understood that this was the result of a propaganda effort, and he had a team preparing and clearing for him. This is a common risk in work-rate-measuring systems, how do you account for worker A spending time which saves the time of worker B? Especially in knowledge work, where the old guy/gal who does very little but carries all the oral history of the company in their head can be more important than anyone realises. It's a rank indicator, not about experience. Also, fancy job titles are free employee motivation. I feel that's probably a low number for the cost of turbines; turbomachinery is always very expensive. The mirrors are "heliostats" that turn towards the sun. So they have a set of motors and control electronics which will be a large part of the cost. There's something very Chinese about banning social media with the ostensible goal of encouraging people to focus on their work. (Also, where do you stop with your "addictive and mind crushing" barrier? Other forums, like HN? Video games? Fiction books? Theatre? "Thought-negating" music?) Have you seen how large the heliostats are? They look over 2 meters on each side, and the surface looks like glass or stainless steel. That's several thousand dollars of light engineering right there. Plus shipping to a desert, plus installation crew. So you're looking at $100-$1000 of motor. Several hundred dollars for the controller board (how do they know where to point? Are they networked or something?), or thousands if you have to design it yourself. Then you have to cable power to it, all of which has to be up to code. The whole thing also has to be weatherproof in a desert and not blow over in the wind. (The passive one-axis heliostat does sound interesting for DIY systems, though) The official fact sheet http://www.bechtel.com/assets/files/Renewable_%202013_Ivanpa... makes no mention of molten salt, just a regular boiler on top of the tower. Lack of clean air can also _impair_ the right to live. When coal was the default source of domestic heating in London, toxic smog frequently caused hundreds of deaths and generally caused respiratory diseases. Fashion? There was a time when any group of people standing around would usually include at least one person smoking. That time is long past. Eventually it will be uncool old people with phones and cool young people with .. _something else_. That's not what the document says though! Scroll to the end. It says that one of Google's motions to dismiss has suceeded, striking out part of the case as inapplicable, and that the case is being allowed to proceed. This is nowhere near even a first ruling. And it relates to "spying" in the sense of processing email to show adverts, not the NSA. Other way round: we could have public research into codecs, but you can't make incremental improvement because of the licensing requirements. _Imagine if App store and Play store didn't exist and you'd have to individually find developers and buy/download their apps. That would certainly result in higher prices._ Higher prices .. and much, much lower sales. The analogous situation is developing with PC games and Steam; rather than spending £40 each on a very small number of games I find myself spending £4 - £15 on a large number of games. Some sort of ridiculous Galtian producer's strike will get you nowhere here. People have plenty of other choices. The strange thing is that games can effectively be "trial" by structuring themselves with in-app purchases to overcome obstacles. I wonder how well this would work with "productivity" apps. Well, they've already managed to shut down the government.. The individuals responsible for disclosing go to jail? Sticking the "unelected" qualifier on "judge" as if there is no distinction between law and politics betrays a lot of prejudice. Judges in the EU aren't directly elected anywhere, as far as I know. Human Rights law in the EU serves much the same role as constitutional law does in the US: an underlying set of values that the behaviour of the government must be consistent with. Article 8 ECHR serves much the same role as the US 4th Amendment in limiting searches. Besides, if there's genuine consensus the rules can be changed and the judiciary have to go along with that. This is ridiculous, partly because you're asserting that robotics doesn't work at the moment and partly because it's not clear what your objective is (realistic human emulation?) Moreover, even if some game-changing development happens after your death, it's still useful to get something done today. The Boston Dynamics rough terrain animal-like cargo bots are probably the most interesting application, although there's lots of industrial robots out there doing incredibly valuable work like pick-and-place. And you're posting this to Hacker News, where people discuss startups almost all of which will be dead, unrecognisable or absorbed in 20 years time let alone a lifetime. This is not only unsupported assertion but moving the goalposts so far that one of them is in orbit. Ability to move independently, with their own power source, be able to navigate our environment, homes, use our tools and do our bidding, following simple commands Apart from "use our tools", that's Roomba+Siri. Honda's "Asimo" is coming quite close. _And_ they have been donating to the Conservative party, presumably to erode the social security safety net to drum up business for them. Complaining that a C native library has its examples in C is like going to China and complaining that the signs are in Chinese. Oh, Kirsty Wark. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirsty_Wark (see "Controversies" and "Interview Style" Almost got fired for going on holiday with the Scottish First Minister ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/top-stories/wark-kept-... ), which is about as far from impartial as you can get. And her husband has his own email hacking crime history: http://journalisted.com/article/3dko About threats: look up the history of the Hutton Inquiry into the "suicide" of David Kelly over the case for the Iraq war, and the subsequent bullying of the BBC into not questioning the Government line any further. Depending what the bend radius and elasticity is, it could be hugely valuable. It makes it possible to have a display that is larger than your pocket. It would also be very valuable for "smartwatches", like Pebble, or other fashion tech like Nike "Fuel Band". The problem with fission is that its disasters are very hard to clean up. Mine collapses or fossil fuel fires are brief events. Most chemical spills either break down, are neutralised, or diluted to harmlessness (although far from all, see the various Superfund sites). Fission disasters tend to emit nasty metals that are bioaccumulative, don't break down in a short timeframe and may be airborne or waterborne. (Having said that, it looks like Bhopal was worse than Chernobyl for harm, and the chemical industry is still in business) Just because it's called "City of London Corporation" does not mean it's the same as a public limited company with shareholders. It's basically a local authority with an unusual name and history(+). Of course it's very pro-establishment, but that's a function of its electorate. PIPCU is new and a little unusual, although there's plenty of precedent for having special police units for complicated crime and they sit next to the Fraud bureau in City police units. It's a bit of an escalation - previously it was local Trading Standards who would handle piracy (e.g. people selling copied DVDs at the local market) (+) How old? Over 1000 years, its origin is unclear. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Municipal_corporation http://www.cityoflondon.gov.uk/about-the-city/who-we-are/Pag... Note for Americans: there's no equivalent of "federal" police, it's handled by the local or regional authority. The "Met" end up with most of the national-level jobs like anti-terrorism. PIPCU is a bit odd and new, and clearly looking to make a mark. They might reasonably complain that London police have no authority over them, and they'd be right; this is really a problem for ICANN who are ultimately threatening the registrars. But then it doesn't run any of your existing software and has a tiny market, competing with the various vector processors and FPGAs. The demand from a comparitively small number of people for the hardware to be open . As someone with a chip design background: - prices seem reasonable for doing this as a commercial project - badly written intro that assumes far too much - seems to be based on 2000-era technology - not actually delivering hardware, so very limited practical use - the community that demands open hardware on principle is a lot smaller than they think, so this probably won't get funded But we're not used to kickstarting software projects at normal rates, we're more used to founders working for free to prototype something and using kickstarter to push it into production. This misses that last (even more expensive) stage. You've got it. The $200k level gives you a 2D graphics card from 1998. It looks like their original target market was people who want an embedded emulation of this sort of ancient system so they can run DOS, Windows 95, or ancient Linux/X11 on it. Markets in which changing the software is horribly expensive due to compliance costs. The $400k goal targets Direct3D 8. That appears to date to about 2000: http://www.gamedev.net/page/resources/_/technical/directx-an... (I'm impressed that article is still up from 2000!) $1m is not totally unreasonable for the shader-based design at commercial rates . Last time I did a back-of-the-envelope calculation for a shader-capable fully open graphics card delivering working silicon, I came up with two years, $2.5m, and a hiring shortlist. The Raspberry Pi is basically a GPU with an ARM in a tiny corner of the die. However, the GPU side of its behaviour is mostly Broadcom trade secrets. This produces outrage from some people who demand a completely open platform. However, I don't think there's enough demand money to produce one; and you may run into IP licensing issues, e.g. if you want to include an MPEG accelerator. If you want a large set of general purpose RISC cores, check out Tilera and Netronome. The Raspberry Pi GPU is actually very powerful, but not in ways that help you with CSS/DOM; I don't think there's much work been done to accelerate layout in 3D accelerators other than at the very basic level of glyph rendering and image uncompression. Or you could buy a 72 core processor: http://www.tilera.com/products/processors/TILE-Gx_Family (it's not as powerful as it sounds; memory bandwidth ends up being a major constraint, and programming all those cores effectively is hard in itself) That's nice. It would be even nicer if any of the major UK ISPs supported IP6. (Some of the small ones do on ADSL, but AFAIK you can't have both fiber AND IP6 from any provider, and now that I have FTTC I'm not keen to go back) Aha! That was a bit buried on their website. This is brilliant, and a good thing. Unfortunately, we in the EU are going to be left behind on this one, due to the more arduous product approval required before you can sell any electronic product :( So I read this until I came to the first badly misleading reference: "When it comes down to it, the leaders of the Weinmar Republic were just running an experiment." This makes it sound like the hyperinflation was the consequence of some recklessness, or an experiment carried out in a vacuum. The reality was very different (via WP): "The "London ultimatum" in May 1921 demanded reparations in gold or foreign currency to be paid in annual installments of 2,000,000,000 (2 billion) goldmarks plus 26 percent of the value of Germany's exports.[6]" The Weimar government had no choice but to keep shovelling hard currency across the border to France while simultaneously being limited in its ability to earn more. This looks, economically, like a huge trade imbalance which drove down the value of the Mark, and the printing started as an attempt to keep up with the rapidly collapsing exchange rate. It was not so much an experiment as an act of desparation by a government that was being looted at gunpoint. Just as famine in the modern world is a political problem rather than primarily an agricultural one, hyperinflation is driven by political or economic collapse rather than some vaguely defined irresponsibility. Also, anyone in the US or UK who is scared of hyperinflation at the moment must not be aware of how close to zero and well-managed inflation actually is. My reference for this is "Poverty and Famines: An Essay on Entitlement and Deprivation" (Sen, 1981), based on analysis of historical famines and the author's own experience in Bengal. It contributed to him being awarded a "economics Nobel". The "sooner or later" argument is that of "Limits to Growth"; we're not there yet. "Confidence" is not really an economic variable, nor does it magically evaporate. Go through that list of countries; filter out all those where: - it's a very poor third world country (Angola, Zaire, Zimbabwe etc) - countries coming out of Communism (all the 1992 events) or other revolution (revolutionary France) - hyperinflations triggered by war (Germany, Greece etc) - those predating a 20th century understanding of economics You're basically left with South America, which is somewhat exceptional and has a strong connection with the tendancy for revolutions, coups, US interference etc to trigger crises there. US inflation, meanwhile, ticks over at a few percent and is resolutely stable, despite the best efforts of the House to trigger a crisis. Opinions differ, although it's worth noting that inflation happened before the invention of banking and in countries that used specie as money. Most theorists revolve around the effects of economic growth and supply/demand sudden changes. Steam turbines are the most efficient way of turning heat into mechanical and electrical energy. You can get a slight efficiency boost at tremendous cost by changing the working fluid to something lighter, but nobody bothers with that. There's some interesting research in using fuel cells to extract energy from natural gas and oil, which potentially could be more efficient. This doesn't work for coal, though. Presumably the post-WW1 era of collapse in Germany, which is usually credited as a major cause of WW2. Well, why not? It's such a hassle to change your email address once you've used it for a few years, and you have so many accounts tied to it that you've forgotten them all. I'm very glad I've got my own domain which I use for email, and have done for 14 years now. This works almost everywhere, except Microsoft Exchange. Orwell participated in the Spanish Civil War, which had two "left" sides (anarchist-syndicalist versus communist) versus the "right" (monarchist-fascist). Within the Communist side, there were further factions (NKVD:Stalinist, POUM:other Marxist). Orwell joined POUM. As a result, he was condemned by Stalinists and had to flee back to England. He spent much of his career warning against Stalinism, from a position on what might be called the social democrat left. Also, the US has a very weak culture of consumer protection and regulation; solutions that require co-operation between competing entities are much harder to get off the ground. See the ACA software mess. This is selom practical, and is setting you up for quality problems if you don't care how it works. It's also undervaluing the importance of _communication_ in work. We're used to thinking of places either as "free country", like the idealised America that appears in films, or "police state" where vast numbers of people are rounded up into gulags and dissent is impossible. The current situation is neither of those . It's a large expensive system of state oppression .. that acts on remarkably few people(+). There is a gulag archipelago, Guantanamo, but it contains only 46 prisoners now. Outside it, hundreds of millions of people live pretty free lives in the western world. So there's little public appetite for doing anything about it. If you're not reading about it in the news you can ignore it entirely. Perhaps the main output of the surveillance program is the targeting information for drone strikes. This results in thousands dead .. but they are a long way away, in a part of the world that has its own problems with violence. Your actual chances of being victimised by the surveillance state for engaging in nonviolent leftwing politics are very small. But perhaps its worth noting that radical leftwing groups seem more likely to be investigated by law enforcement than radical rightwing groups that advocate all kinds of crazy things, including actual violence against the government (second amendment supporters). (+) (note that I'm talking about just surveillance here, as distinct from the War on Drugs, the horrifyingly high American prison population, racism in the police, or heavy-handed public order policing) (note 2: I'm from the UK, which has its own problems with official support for surveillance, occasional brutal policing, and particularly the state's role in violence in Northern Ireland has not been properly dealt with nor atoned for). No, it's measured at the battery voltage (which is usually not 1V, and varies with discharge) It's measured this way so you can most easily estimate runtime by putting an ammeter in series with the battery. The postage thing was explained a while ago somewhere, possibly HN: there's no "settlement" between international postage services in the normal sense, and there's a HK postal service that will ship to the US for pennies. Once it arrives in the US postal service, it's their cost to deliver it. Profit is taxable, whereas share price rise incurs taxes that are easier to avoid. Just because a device looks like a mouse doesn't mean it can't contain multiple USB endpoints, one of which is a mass storage device. Example Linux USB exploit: http://charlescurley.com/blog/archives/2011/03/13/linux_usb_... Ethernet's magnetically isolated transcievers are a bit pricey, though. Recently I've been wondering about rallying the Arduino crowd behind RS485 or CANBUS for this sort of connected cheap device network. It's the right protocol, but the licensing requirements are a real problem. Whereas RS485 is free but not a complete solution. People keep saying this. All it really prevents against is the most blatant kind of theft from the company; it doesn't stop senior management awarding themselves salaries that are huge compared to any other worker. That only applies to trademarks. This gets sorted out in court. All that's happened here is the police have seized some things under PACE as part of an unrelated raid and put out an excitable press release. Amazon primarily passes value to customers , and squeezes its lower employees and suppliers. In the UK, there is the widely-derided "Research Assessment Exercise": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Research_Assessment_Exercise#Cr... There is also the criterion of "impact factor", for papers and publications. It's very similar to a "Karma" system as used by HN, Reddit, etc., and it has many of the same problems. Imagine a system where you have to choose between doing research that might be vital but probably won't, versus something safe and predictable that ensures that you get paid next year. The problem is not so much science as the management and funding of science, which have been infected by the same managerialism that causes so many problems in big government and corporate projects. Is that it? That sounds basically the same as the UK, although with redundancy pay in place of the fine. The US is the outlier in allowing people to be fired for no reason. Fitness is both difficult to do and simple to think about. Selling fitness products is a great source of money because you can always convince the customer that it's their fault they didn't become fit. Of course it's not what the consumer needs, it's what the business needs. No, you are _not_ having your property taken away; you are suffering a loss in its market value. For most people, a reduction in the market value of their job or house makes more difference than the market value of their cash per se . Hence the need to keep an eye on the composition of inflation, as some parts may be going up and down more than others. Other way round; if you have negative net worth, and wage deflation (i.e. your salary is reducing), then your debts stay at the same nominal value but get harder and harder to pay. If you have a $100k job and $100k house with $100k mortgage, then 10% deflation means you have a $90k job and $90k house but $100k mortgage, which is now underwater and harder to pay off. "Violence"? (a) that's not verbal violence and (b) we're in the context of Quake, which is not exactly a nonviolent activity Bitcoin seems to be a very good way of creating a new "club" of a small number of bitcoin-wealthy at the expense of everyone else. Being resistant to legal action is not an advantage, it will create an environment rife with fraud and security risks. Except that finite money supply in a growing economy with positive interest rates is both deflationary and a driver of increasing inequality. Sensible active monetary policy and "lender of last resort" activities are vital to functioning modern economies. That's why they had to be enacted in Europe during the financial crisis despite not being properly provided for by the existing Euro framework. Bitcoin is highly steal able , in a world of vulnerable computers and non-reversible transactions. I reccomend the work of Hernando de Soto on extralegality: http://www.amazon.com/Other-Path-Hernando-Soto/dp/0465016103... In a country (Peru) where formal legal systems functioned extremely badly, there was a huge extralegal economy: houses, businesses, transport, etc all of which didn't officially exist and had no legal protection. Providing a route into the legitimate system provided a huge economic benefit for a lot of people and reduced Maoist terrorism. Bad legal system not coercive. Plenty of people here have been employees watching helplessly as managers run the company into the ground. Voting is not so crucial to democracy as pluralism: having lots of groups involved and making a difference. It's generally not feasible for people to really keep up with politics on an individual basis, so you need activists or union representatives or religious leaders or NGOs to do the legwork. But the US suffers from being very fragmented, fractious and individualistic. In that environment it's hard to promote a third alternative that sufficient numbers of people can get behind. Indeed; the US has recently seen the rise of an effective third party - the Tea Party, who are generally in favour of this kind of evil. The recent government shutdown caused significant chaos and economic damage. And over what? Healthcare that didn't even involve vast government expenditure. Wake me up when there's action on that scale against the much larger military budget. You're absolutely right. Rowling has explicitly stated in the past that she hasn't and won't use tax avoidance structures, so she will have paid 40% income tax on most of her income from the books. Plenty of UK bands from the 60s to the 90s have mentioned unemployment benefits as being an important factor in allowing them to exist before they got famous. Some pressure is required to keep the head flying above the surface of the drive. Removing all gas from the drive gives you a very nasty z-axis control problem. Hydrogen is notoriously good at diffusing through seals, and even through metal. Negative internal pressure does make this harder, but it might be a problem. Handling hydrogen is generally a hassle, so it was probably chosen to make life easier/cheaper at the factory. You are mistaking helium (inert,fire suppresant) for hydrogen (flammable). Is this the famous "impartial" American media I hear so much about? despite being a huge producer This is actually very sensible: conserve oil for export, add it to the long-term social fund. The exact opposite of the Saudi approach (burn it cheaply in nonsustainable vanity projects and things like desalinated water for golf courses in a desert) Formalised representation of contact information? What, like vcard? There's even an XML flavour of it: http://www.xml.com/pub/a/2004/03/31/qa.html Indeed. This is why there's not so many profitable software products between the few hundred $ range and the tens-of-thousands; as soon as you need signoff the cost-of-sale increases enormously. Normal bank insurance is done by the central bank, which can lend unlimited money to cover this kind of hole. (A large part of the Euro crisis was the Euro central bank refusing to backstop banks itself, delegating that to national central banks which can't print money and can therefore run out themselves) It looks like they've been sideswiped by iOS 7 changes that make their product infeasible. A common problem of proprietary APIs :( Also, software people developing hardware seem not to have realised that it's much harder to fix problems after shipping, which sadly makes good quality small run hardware very rare. If you like this sort of thing, read comp.risks ( http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/risks ). On the other hand, it might give you an omnipresent sense of fear about all the computer-controlled safety critical devices around you. As embedded software becomes ever more complex This is part of the problem in itself; the Toyota software appears to be far more complex than it needs to be. Yes, it is; and hardware development companies are _very_ conservative, so there's little room to launch a disruptive "Ruby for hardware" new language. I have some ideas myself on what a better language would look like, but for the moment they're at the back of the ideas drawer. Another important factor: bringing it to market doesn't scale up or down like software does. You can make a program and test it on a single user; or, at the other end, with a bit of pre-planning you can scale upwards by buying more EC2/AWS capacity on a credit card. NRE (one-off costs) on ASIC design is very large. PCB manufacture costs have gone down, thanks to companies like OSHpark, but you still have to assemble them. Then there's CE and UL requirements to actually sell into the market (somewhat evadeable if you're doing "kits" or "prototypes". As a result, you can't "fail early, fail often" without very deep pockets. And in some product categories "failure" gets people killed (Toyota passim) I don't agree that the market is saturated; people are building new gadgets all the time, especially "internet of things applications". New applications of techniques like capacitative sensing or innovative radio modulation keep appearing. Not as dramatic as the transistor, but then neither is a lot of software. Edit: not to mention the continuous background delivery of radical innovation keeping Moore's law going. Now down to a feature size of ~200 silicon atoms and still going. Who blacklists stolen bitcoins? People aren't going to maintain such lists individually. So you'd want some central operators, like the antispam DNS services. But then they have to decide what counts as "stolen". Ordered something and then claim it doesn't arrive - who do you believe? You're back to the paypal situation, except rather than reversing transactions you're declaring bitcoins "stolen". Not to mention the difficulties of running a collaborative central operator in a community of radical individualists. Possibly; there are already standards in certain areas. But it can greatly increase cost and time-to-market, so even when there are codes corners will be cut. See the Toyota lawsuit at the moment. Oh, and applying pretty much any "software building codes" to the web app industry would probably kill startup culture entirely. It's not unusual for the baseband to control the application processor's boot sequence. Quite a lot of phone unlocking/rooting/jailbreak exploits go via the baseband. I don't think baseband exploits exist for iPhone 5/5s True, but that just means that people haven't broken into the baseband yet, not that if the had done that it would be impossible to break into the application processor. "Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds" (Mackay, 1841) http://www.gutenberg.org/browse/authors/m#a516 Good chapters on tulip mania, the original South Sea bubble, Mississippi company, the introduction of paper money and hyperinflation in the French ancien regime . Bonus fun on "Influence of Politics and Religion on the Hair and Beard", duelling, and "Popular Follies of Great Cities" (which were basically memes long before the internet). I happened to be reverse engineering some firmware the other day, which has "AMSS" all over it ; this was in new Sierra Wireless devices built on Qualcomm ARM926EJS baseband. It might not be in the latest and greatest, but it's still out there all over the place. I'm guessing it doesn't work if you have javascript turned off, due to the unnecessary "splash screen". It does look like you're addressing the right problems with "Signpost" and "Irminsule". Am currently reading your slides. Hang on, that sounds like a serious limitation in the trading platform if you can issue a sell order at one price and have it fulfilled at a different one? Look at the 2y chart. Then look at the oil price chart from 2000. This spike will have a matching downspike with recovery. Not learn it? Certainly an option; keeping the syntax recognisable helped rather than hindered adoption, which was slow enough as it was at the beginning. JS+DOM could have lost to Flash rather than vice versa. Don't think that China isn't partisan; they're Chinese partisans supporting Chinese interests and companies instead. They don't have the same level of global meddling capability as the US - yet. People don't like K&R? I can understand it not being suitable for children and the very beginner, but it's one of a very few programming books that is useful, succinct, pragmatic, doesn't get bogged down in APIs, and is written clearly. (The companion book "Programming in the UNIX environment" is the get-you-started guide from the very beginning, although it assumes 1970s terminal defaults) Health is its own reward; paying people for healthy _outcomes_ == worse poverty for the chronically unhealthy, partially disabled, and (in the US) victims of the non-healthcare system. Money can't be saved without someone else borrowing it, even if that someone is just the bank. Saving is normally transmuted into investment : spending money on machinery/land/buildings/software development etc that will offer a positive return in the future. Investment counts as someone else's income and therefore increases GDP. Simply putting cash aside is basically hoarding, and normally loses you value over time unless the economy becomes deflationary, which tends to turn into a disinvestment and unemployment disaster. I've actually changed from thinking "financial services law will destroy this" to "this will become like the War On Drugs: ubiquitous illegality, especially evasion of exchange controls, witholding taxes, and foreign income reporting requirements". The US is requiring Lat-Am countries to enforce US patents on Chagas treatments, rather than let them be manufactured locally at lower cost. Compare American "product defamation" law: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food_libel_laws and the UK "Trafigura" lawsuit. can't monitor or trace payments made with physical cash For large values of cash, yes they can; cash is bulky and has to be smuggled if you want to do it secretly, which is expensive. Hence all the US asset forfeiture laws, and various countries rules on bringing currency in or out. See the famous video of one of the lunar astronauts dropping a hammer and a feather at the same time. Both of them drop fairly rapidly to the surface. Devices that do this already exist and have done since 1983: Tomahawk cruise missiles. Huge areas of military technology have been developed for precisely delivering explosives; now they are being repurposed for non-harmful use. GPS is certainly enough to fly it to the visual vicinity of your house. I can imagine needing to supply a landing marker (large QR code?) to tell it exactly where to land. Not enough power for the RF transmission; even if you go off-network while not in use (so you can't recieve SMS), then you still end up needing to do quite a few 2W burst transmissions to get back on and send the SMS. Also, peltier requires a temperature difference ; keeping it warm in your pocket is not enough. Ethernet port on its own is thicker than most smartphones. Having said that, I had almost all of those things you mention on my Toshiba Libretto back in 1998. Wouldn't fit in a trouser pocket but would fit in my coat's inside pocket. It's not a grammar correction, but a factual one, as if someone were misquoting the original article. All sorts of buried assertions in what you're saying: why are boom and bust "logical" in the first place? Do they not result from over- and under-valuing investments? Central bank management has achieved pretty much exactly what it's been tasked with doing: price stability of the aggregate inflation measure. This is despite large variation in underlying commodities like oil. Housing went mad, but it wasn't included in the measure of inflation and far too many people were happy with asset price inflation to stop it. (In any case, money supply is far more a function of lending than of currency issue. Hard currency does not prevent expansion or contraction of the money supply) What would help this would be "exclude by permission" in Play store search, so you can easily find which of the dozens of flashlight apps doesn't require extra permissions. Or a proper Open Source app store like F-Droid. Lots of digging? More seriously: permitting and infrastructure. Once you've spent a couple of years convincing people that you're not going to fill the water table with arsenic and you should be allowed to start building, you then realise that the mine is in the middle of nowhere and roads, railways, worker housing, electricity and water supplies all need to be provided. You can't shield an earth ground-based telescope from the atmosphere. And the Arecebo fixed telescope seems to work quite well - one of those in a moon crater would be an extremely sensitive instrument. Some background from Mandela himself: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2007/apr/23/nelsonmandela It's important to note the date of this speech at his trial, April 20 1964, _before_ the passing of the US civil rights act (July 2 the same year); so at this time parts of the US had apartheit-like conditions. Indeed. In the UK, we're wrestling with a rightwing _news_ junta with its own surveillace abuses, intertwined with the police. The power to dig up every detail about someone's life then publish it for the adverse judgement of millions of people is capable of great destructiveness if abused. This kind of ridiculousness is yet another reason to be glad of the UK health system: flat charge of ~$10 for filling any prescription, and even that can be waived for large categories of people who have trouble affording it. Having said that, certain categories of extremely expensive drug aren't available on the NHS; until recently Herceptin was the most prominent example of this. The architecture cost of this is _huge_; it's only worth doing on reliability-critical systems, where you might consider banning dynamic memory allocation altogether. I think it's perfectly reasonable for quick tech demo projects to never check anything. fopen() is probably worth a little bit of checking, but not malloc(). Last year we were contracted to do some IC verification work. The more we learnt about the system, the more we wondered, "doesn't this just duplicate existing successful products? What is the niche here, exactly?". Meanwhile they ran out of money and didn't pay our invoices. Mm, I was just pondering that both Costco and Sam's have good labour reputations, and that it's _not_ saying "takes on Walmart". The touch keyboard lacks feedback but folds to zero size, which is its great advantage. And people are in practice getting along just fine with them, which is why the hardware keyboards have fallen by the wayside. The main obstacle to boot-your-own-phone in the US is of course the carriers. It's very anti-profitable for them, because it removes their ability to suppress functionality of your phone in order to sell it back to you. First rule of phone company: why market when you can monopoly? government seems to pretty much stay out of their way. Not exactly - it's a low regulation environment, but there are huge centrally planned real estate developments and far less planning regulation or due process to stop the government building a road or a mall through your house. Not to mention the capital controls, and the restrictions on foreign-owned businesses, the lack of free speech or free internet .. Not in the mythos I'm familiar with; he robbed anyone who came past who had sufficient money, and redistributed it. Taxation in the 12th century was also pretty much limited to the landowning few. Depends what you include in "code"; your program might be a one-liner, but its language environment and operating system are the product of huge teams. It's a kind of modularisation that's so effective we don't think of it as a division of labour. One person writing all the code for a system from the bare metal up is pretty much limited to embedded systems now. The info wars have been going since at least the Tyndale Bible in the 16th century. Information gives power; people will always be looking to control it to bolster their power. Constitutions can also be a trap and a drag on social progress, such as the Irish constitution's deeply embedded abortion ban. It's more _energy_ efficient, but also much more expensive to maintain. Partly because it's held to more serious safety standards, and partly because it's so much harder to route around difficulties. Signalling is a major maintenance money sink: a distributed safety system that must be completely reliable. (Parking is rarely heavily taxed and often "free" - where were you thinking of?) The UK network prioritises passengers over freight in almost all circumstances. Much of the freight is "bulk" that can tolerate delay quite happily. You don't see a lot of freight going past while waiting on a passenger platform or at a level crossing. There are some freight-only lines mostly for coal to power stations. I think not so much as "unfeasible" as "does not offer any benefits that could not be achieved with normal night train carriages". Yeah, I got knocked off my bike by a car and mildly concussed; the addending police breathalysed both me and the driver. I suspect this happens routinely at minor accidents. I guess they're using "there was an accident" as evidence that there may have been erratic driving. (in the UK) Does it actually turn off the IAP-promoting game mechanics? I think not - more likely you just get bounced at the point you actually try to make the purchase. The algae->oil part of the process necessarily loses energy, so it all comes down to the process of turning sun into algae. Which is not itself very efficient, but may be cheaply scalable. I think if you just care about renweable EROI and not about storage in convenient petrol form then wind and solar are still the winners. Is this actually true in practice? People do not pay detailed attention when evaluating two sets of plausible and highly technical claims, when there is emotional loading attached. We get "teach the controversy". This makes it quite easy for the determined and self-interested to manipulate public opinion. It's like spam: people have long since ceased to argue with spammers, they just remove the spam. "Sunlight" has no effect on it; rather, it risks blocking out the light to other messages. A valid argument for not banning viewpoints is that it prevents accurate dissent from getting through, and results in the status quo drifting into being wrong because it cannot be critically re-evaluated. But in this case it has been evaluated often and thoroughly enough that we can be confident. They should nonetheless put a sunset date on the policy for future review. Sure, but people use nonstorable electricity just fine, so I disagree with your first sentence. Biogas rather than biodiesel might appear as a farm fuel in the future, either from manure or wood gasification. But not while underground gas is still cheap enough to flare. Almost certainly; that's the same processor as used in one model of the mbed, all you have to do is find the JTAG/SWD on the board. The default firmware may be code-protected, but there are ways round that. In some ways, it's even easier for information to be lost in the digital age; unless it's in regular use , it can end up on crumbling tapes in an obsolete format that cannot be understood. There are various underfunded efforts to recover and transcribe old NASA data that suffer from this. Nope. If you're not in the same datacenter you're too slow; all the HFT systems are in racks next to the exchange rack communicating over 10G Ethernet. Source: actually working on an HFT project. Orwell's book was entirely about state power; it was a parody of Stalinism. He was in the awkward position of being a socialist who'd been shot at by hardline communists during the Spanish civil war, and wanted to warn the left that Stalinism was really dangerous and should not be associated with. The other commentator has dealth with QT; it's not yet a really available commercial technology, and it's not even clear that it lets you send data outside of your light cone which might violate causality. I would like a cite for your bandwidth claim, but remember it's not bandwidth that matters - orders and market data are fairly small packets of data - but latency. The usual problem with radio systems is that you don't have a nice clean signal "edge" that you can recover, you need to apply some processing to the signal. That might be pure analog (heterodyne reciever) or A/D or pure digital (convolve to recover data from QAM). This processing delays the signal. Our approach is to do all the processing in an FPGA connected to a 10G line. This allows us to use various tricks to start sending the first byte of the trade before the final byte of the market data packet is recieved. It says "Principal Engineer" on my business cards; I'm a consultant for a small firm. I'd conflated two events; you're correct that Orwell was shot by an Fascist sniper, but there were also Stalinist purges going on against POUM ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homage_to_Catalonia ) as it was a non-Stalinist Marxist faction. "I would like" was me asking politely. My arguments are mostly about the difference between "QT can be done in the lab" versus "QT can be done outside of the lab with commercially available equipment", and also "can QT transmit information faster than c?". The answer to the latter appears to be no: http://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/34653/is-it-possi... http://www.nature.com/news/data-teleportation-the-quantum-sp... asserts that entanglement survives transmission over long distances, not that this can be used to transmit information any faster than the photons travel. Also, starting this conversation with "hahahaha :D" was .. unhelpful, along with claiming things that contradict the experience of experienced people. Eventually it would have to be reviewed by a human. Also, reports of spam from someone who hasn't actually sent you anything should be silently ignoreable by the system. The cost of making one it probably several thousand dollars, not counting the year and a half of Bunnie's time. From then on it depends on how many you want, and if you can find an assembly house that will take a tiny order for (say) 1000 of them. Even in large runs I can't see it costing less than $1000, partly due to the FPGA on the board. Handcrafted aluminium and leather cases are also likely make up several hundred dollars of the price. That case looks particularly resistant to mass-production. It is, like most forms of official identity, primarily for the benefit of official databases and categorisation systems. But not entirely: Birth registration and death registration are a matched pair that enable the tracking and prevention of certain kinds of abuse. In Victorian England, way before the availability of contraception or abortion, there was "baby farming". This involved a oneoff payment to send an unwanted infant to be "looked after" with no further contact. The baby farms had very high mortality rates, which everyone turned a blind eye to. This was eventually stamped out. See e.g. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amelia_Dyer The most famous example of "why do I care about my birth certificate" is of course Barack Obama. Some people were determined to make it very important. Use your eyes, sort by size. (More pragmatically, try to estimate who really has the power in a situation; who has other options? Who is dependant on whom? Remember that a company is not a person and does not have physical or emotional needs.) Some areas of the US are more "3rd-world country" than the people care to acknowledge. Mostly due to the legacy of colonialism. Economy based on manual labour for resource extraction or farming? Yup. History of racial conflict from the time of slavery? Yup. Poor rule of law linked to family and business corruption? Yup. Excessively violent policing as a result of those factors? Yup. There is a very strong push from the right in the UK towards a US-style privatized system. The way the student loan repayments work over a lifetime, this is effectively a 5-10% income tax on middle income people with degrees, but without generating headlines about putting up income tax. The baseband can lie about the phone being off. So the phone has a blank screen but is still phoning home. I initially didn't notice that there was a "fold"! Quite often people need a new car because their previous one suddenly broke down or was involved in an accident, neither of which are plannable. Employees _do_ share the downside, when job cuts are made. People have serious problems learning how to write dataflow languages. Itanium exposed its complexity, and was a commercial failure. Similar complaints have been made about the Playstations that made heavy use of explicit parallelism. It's interesting that you mention Java; some ARM systems have 'Jazelle', a system for directly executing Java bytecode. I don't know how widely used it is. Meanwhile, 3D TV is fading in popularity. I don't doubt that one or two very cool tech demo "movies" will appear for OR, but there is _no way_ this will be the future of film for more than a tiny minority. It obliterates director control of camera angle, and requires a set that fully surrounds the camera position (you don't want to turn your head and see the crew ruining illusion for you). It's also currently rather low-resolution, but that will improve. What you might get are things like travelogues; the ability to virtually tour the digitised landmarks of the world from your chair, walking (or flying!) around at your own pace. That page says 300,000 listings, versus ~300m people in the US, makes 0.1%. That's not a large percentage; you could find a greater number of people who believe the moon landings are faked. There's a project I'm distantly involved with to roll remotely unlockable insulated boxes out to homes for supermarket delivery, but it's stalled. :( .. but check your registrar security, as it was only yesterday we had the story about godaddy allowing a domain to be stolen. Good insight; imposing yourself on others is never going to be very popular. The modern equivalent of the boom box is people playing music loudly on their phone speaker on public transport. It's low volume hobbyist market, obviously. And that has overheads. Don't call people 'greedy' for selling things at greater than the BOM cost. See http://www.ashden.org/files/reports/Isle%20of%20Eigg%20case%... The idea of aircon on Eigg is hilarious. They've only just built an electric grid. Heating is a mix of oil-fired boilers, wood, solar water heating, and probably the occasional portable few kW electric heater. I suspect quite a bit of food is locally produced. Crofting is an ancient way of life. Note that Eigg's population is only about 100, about the Dunbar Number. .. except is can be made viable by changing the charge structure; that's the whole point of IAP. It defies simplistic supply-and-demand analysis because there is no longer just one price, but many; the customer has to make a constant series of decisions about the value of instant gratification. Some people hate this. The question is "what would you consider your most significant achievement?". This is an opportunity for the interviewee to tell the story of the achievement; you don't want a one-liner answer from them, you want them to explain the significance. You're not ranking the achievements but the interviewee. Answered well, and if you listen to the answer properly, this question will tell you how someone overcomes obstacles and handles adversity. Investing in _anything_ productive is the opposite of hoarding. Hardly anyone in an advanced economy hoards large amounts of physical paper money; banks keep it to satisfy customer demand, but would much rather have the money in their central bank deposit account. A couple of central banks in Europe are experimenting with tiny negative rates on these deposit accounts precisely to encourage them to lend it out. If you _invest_, you're either buying a productive asset, or storing something valuable for a period of time, or giving money to some other business to spend on equipment, employees etc. in the hope of future return. UK Companies house has a pretty good web form: https://ewf.companieshouse.gov.uk//runpage?page=welcome ; there's a £15 annual accounts filing fee and extremely minimal bureaucracy. Getting a UK business bank account might be harder. I've heard of people having trouble with this even within the UK. As soon as you want to do 'git pull' with any uncommitted local changes, you're obliged to use the stash. Shareholder lawsuits are vanishingly rare, though. All sorts of parts can be surprisingly hard to find. I've been working on a radio product where the 16-way channel selector switch had to be specially ordered from China, while everything else came from Digikey. You can't do chargebacks in Bitcoin, though, so the entire process would have to be much more escrow-orientated (only release funds once customer is satisfied and has no more recourse). That _is_ money laundering. Assuming you could find a trusted third party, they'd probably have the same legal restriction, and it's anyway an offence for the Americans to enter into this transaction knowing that the money would go to Iran. The government has guns, so the companies do what they say. And the Iranians don't have enough money to make it worthwhile for US companies to take up their cause politically. Don't forget the ongoing nuclear bomb standoff: Israel believes that if the Iranians get the bomb, it will be used against Israel. Given the small size of Israel, this would be another genocide. They will therefore do _anything_ to prevent Iran getting the bomb. Iran believes that if they _don't_ have the bomb, then they are forever at the mercy of US politics, potentially including an invasion in which millions of Iranians will die, just like the war with Iraq. If they do get it, then they can also hold Saudi Arabia hostage until their demands are met. This isn't going anywhere until someone either takes their finger off the trigger or pulls it. As you say, the US has no interest in a stable, free, democratic Iran unless it can be bullied into giving up on certain interests. The tablets are not easily programmable _from the tablet_. The distinction has to be between educating people how to do things on the computer (which really doesn't take all that long, but can turn into "qualifications in specfic version of Word"), versus understanding the technology enough to fix your own problems and develop new things. Just as "all political careers end in failure", so all Bitcoin exchanges end in collapse . You have all the problems of a normal bank run, and* the problems of being a regulatory gray area, and no political or regulatory bailout mechanism available. There is also the constant risk of technical failure or criminal activity losing all your assets beyond all possibility of recovery. * Eventually. Not immediately, after a period of a few years. "easy to debug as a segfault would" I'm on a weird embedded platform where segfaults are almost impossible to debug; the only way to get information out is a log facility over USB that loses the most recent lines of log when it segfaults and resets :( My actual solution is a combination of careful guesswork and a set of macros that write to a region of memory that is not zeroed at reboot. I use them to mark function entry and exit events; in lieu of an actual stack trace, this lets me progressively narrow down where the problem is. Apple theft exploit: - steal phone - break phone - return to Apple store for warranty replacement (minor social engineering may be required here) Theif gets a working phone with a different IMEI. The worst part is, the friend of mine who this happened to found out about it because it invalidated her theft insurance. Hmm. What happens to this with jailbroken phones? I can see it going two ways: - killswitch is in the OS, and can be removed by jailbreak. Good for user, but means you just have to jailbreak a stolen phone to recover it / prevent it being killed. - killswitch is in the baseband, and cannot be removed. Uhoh. Yes, but what does that benefit them ? There's very little money in being an Android reseller, even if you're driving traffic to your services. .. and in the universal-healthcare UK, my brother survived being 12 weeks premature. Do you have a cite for the French system, specifically that withdrawal of care in NICU? English or French will be fine. You can play without litigation waivers in most non-US countries. You can also kick a ball around in the street. Other way round: the parents break the system and the kids fix it. A pattern from the VCR upwards. I don't see why you'd need to contact parents about product keys. OEM Windows puts it on a sticker on the machine. Or you get a pirated version. (The BBC Micro had a large friendly notice in the front of the manual that you couldn't break it just by typing, so you should feel free to experiment. One of the things that made it a great learning system.) It could be worse, you could have been one of those companies that tied themselves to IE6. Did you not understand what you were getting into? Did you imagine it would rise forever? Did you think that an unregulated exchange in a foreign country designed for a different purpose was a safe bet? Did you ignore the rising tide of complaints about Gox? http://www.shareprice.co.uk/pages/risk-warning-trading : "You may not necessarily get back any of the amount you invested." Because banks are "the Man", while bitcoin is "one weird trick .. bankers hate it!" Social proof by negative. The crypto also triggers a geeky faith in technology. Because the crypto is sound, it's just the way it's being used is problematic. And the institutions around it are very flaky, but geeks hate institutional politics and dream of eliminating it by technological fiat. You can easily enough come up with a million "real" names for your fake profiles. Meanwhile G+ penalises people with genuine but surprising names. The guarantee isn't crucial, it doesn't have to be watertight; the fact that it sets up an expectation of privacy and non-sharing changes the social context. Enough to become the sexting app of choice. And that's hugely valuable. Also worth noting: you can't buy bitcoins on margin. So no margin calls to suddenly detonate the market. There was an article going around just the other day alleging that GCHQ were DDOSing the QuakeNet and Freenet IRC systems. Not the same, but a similar kind of thing. Transaction irreversability makes it a lot riskier, combined with the lack of support from the legal system. If you lend bitcoins to someone, and they run off with them, how do you recover your loss? Conversely, unlike stocks, you don't need a broker, so there's nobody who would take on that dealer role. Nobody has setup a "buy bitcoin on margin" service yet, and the first person to do so will lose a fortune to nonpayment of margin calls. What part of this is 'illegal', exactly? Is it a violation of the export law, or what? Or is it just that you get to say what the law is in the US if you have enough money? Please tell me how context makes a difference to vitriolic abuse of an outsider. No, there is not an implicit social contract in becoming a public figure, especially for those people who become public figures without their intent or consent (e.g "Star Wars Kid"). Also, if this was limited to criticizing ideas, it might be more reasonable. It isn't. For example, Caroline Crialdo-Perez getting rape threats on twitter for saying it would be a good idea to have a woman on a banknote. To turn your phrase around, there is an implicit social contract in having a platform for disseminating ideas that you not use it for threats, intimidation, abuse or causing emotional distress. It's interesting that this is a case where DRM transfers power from one user to another: from recipient to sender. The only other case I've come across where this kind of transfer is accepted as beneficial is anti-cheat systems in games. Quite a lot of banks will simply say "no, not with any amount of paperwork". It's over the AML threshold. Unless you're a business with a need for that quantity of cash. I'd not realised that it was the person whose job it was to install the anti-leak system who leaked everything. I guess that's an obvious outcome.. It certainly needs a lot of change. The change it needs is not necessarily the change it gets. I assumed this promotion was GOG using the news about Dungeon Keeper Mobile's awfulness to attract attention to their own (great) service. Popular games of previous years, cheap, no DRM, no IAPs, no weird social network tentacles. Just games to enjoy. Oh great, now not exercising in bars is going to be banned :( A lot of people associate exercise with pain, or the misery of compulsory sport at school (which often comes with a side order of sanctioned bullying and abuse). Victim-blaming AND false consciousness! Great way of disclaiming any responsibility for helping anyone in that situation. If only 30 hours is sustainable for you, then being employed can be a serious problem. I spent three years with chronic fatigue where I could only work 25 without falling asleep at my desk; fortunately I had a very understanding employer who needed me. (Also, are you by any chance male, under 35 and have no children?) This is back to "what counts as exercise"; I was referring to team sport and gym environment and running. Not "going outside for a walk", which is in the category of the parent post of "things people want to count as exercise that don't really". Not having a backup isn't a "pain point". Until you have a disaster. And disasters are infrequent enough .. I learnt from electronics.stackexchange in the other direction: I applied my fragmentary knowledge to answering questions, as a hobby. A combination of googling, helping the questioner improve their question, and basic thinking has resulted in me getting about 10k rep and broadening my knowledge quite a bit. My top-voted answers are surprisingly general: http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/97277/when-ca... and http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/67598/how-are... (the top-voted answer by Olin Lanthrop is one of the highest-voted answers on the site and well worth a read). But I got 16 upvotes by translating assembler to English: http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/86744/from-c-... which I hadn't realised was such a rare skill in this area. Indeed - which system is best depends on your workflow. For small to medium teams structured in a top-down business way, svn is easier to understand. git generates a lot more merging (every pull is a merge). A distributed VCS is very useful if you have a distributed team. If you don't, the distributed aspect is simply not very relevant. "git add -u" behaves better. Personally (as a near-beginner) I have no end of trouble with the push/pull workflow. You can't pull if you have files edited, but you can't push if you're behind. 'git stash' makes this a bit less painful. Could you explain why you think this is illegal? The authorization will have been when you agreed to the EULA. Or at least that's how the argument will proceed in court. If they're sending hashes of the data rather than the data itself, they could quite easily argue that it's not "personally identifiable information" (remember that data protection only covers certain things). Note: that question has been edited considerably from how it was originally posted, and some of the author's original comments below deleted, in which the questioner was determined to do it at home. EE.SO is very negative about "bad" questions, partly because it's small and can be run for the convenience of the dozen or so people who answer half the questions. I don't entirely approve but I see their point. Old systemv init would work for this purpose, but not upstart. The post you're replying to is nonsense. There isn't a "basic income", there's a set of patchily overlapping benefits which provide housing and money to live off. The London riots were not to do with "boredom", but poor race relations between the Metropolitan Police and the black community. The trigger event was http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Mark_Duggan ; rather similar to the 1992 LA riots, although not on the same scale. Once the race riot had got going and the police lost percieved control of the streets, opportunistic looting started. As pointed out below, there was much less fuss about it, even after the Brighton hotel bombing, and much less restriction of civil liberties in mainland UK. (Civil liberties restrictions and human righs violations in Northern Ireland, on the other hand ...) It's also worth pointing out that the US not only ignored IRA terrorism but in places actually supported it: http://www.rawstory.com/rs/2013/06/12/glenn-greenwald-slams-... Slightly relevant: the IRA managed to steal ~10% of all Northern Bank banknotes in a single robbery. The bank decided to recall and print new ones: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1480673/New-bank-note... This would correspond to abandoning a blockchain and moving to a new one in response to a big enough fraud. Email isn't "instant", and you either have to go with a large provider or fight the spam hydra yourself. I used to run my own mail server and stopped because it was just not worth it. Whatsapp acquired a whole number of users who didn't have computers, didn't have email addresses, and wanted the simplest possible setup that worked. Also ScraperWiki: https://scraperwiki.com/ We need a good "in defence of the partial work week". In the UK, there is an ongoing political issue about declaring people with disabilities or chronic illnesses "fit to work". Everyone from cancer and dialysis patients to those with chronic fatigue, pain, depression or back injuries. An essentially binary prospect is presented: you have to take a job you are deemed fit to do, or the money you were relying on to eat is cut off. The thing is, quite a lot of these people can do some things for some period of time. But if you force them to 40 hours it will run down their health and achieve zero productivity. With reasonable accomodation they could be part time workers. But nobody is interested in making this happen. The person who figures out the "hack" of making one 40 hour week out of four people's 10 hour weeks will be doing the world a great service. Less extremely, this applies to parents of small children and the elderly; scope for doing more than zero hours, but not the full 40. I'll put down my textbook on Scottish conveyancing law here to make an observation that this idea suffers from the same delusion that 4GLs had: they were going to be the "end of programming!" All you have to do is specify what you want and the computer will deliver it! It turns out that working out what you mean is the hard problem, both in programming and in law. You can't forsee all contingencies, just a subset; maybe you run some test cases to clear things up. That's what case law is - a stream of bugfixes and clarifications dealing with corner cases. The recent bitcoin fiasco involved the question of what "transaction id" meant , and that it was not as unique as some people thought. Likewise if you look at commercial law cases, you'll find a lot of trying to interpolate what was meant in a particular case where something wasn't specified and assumed differently by the parties. Or something unexpected goes wrong and responsibility for fixing it has to be assigned. (If you want to programmatically improve the legal system, you could for example give the US a functioning land registration system like everywhere else, abolishing the need for title insurance.) 2) Council tax has all sorts of central govt limits on it, including the banding system. They can't fix the problem of empty property on their own. 3) A houseboat is not a building , and is therefore exempt from all the laws about building minimum standards that were instituted the previous times London had a slum problem. I'm not sure if there even are any standards about living on a boat, only standards about in relation to the river and other water users. Housing in the UK is weird and broken. This is about 50% due to Right To Buy and the slow abolition of the council house. This line of reasoning is sound; it's better than the current situation, and it's likely to work for a while as a minority solution to unsurveilled communications. For a discussion of the _huge_ value of _international_ telecommunications, which can't be replicated by in-person communication, I reccomend "Talking to Vula" by the ANC (who were considered a terrorist group in many countries for a long time): http://www.anc.org.za/show.php?id=4693 Why would you agree to insure your competitor against their own incompetence? If you do that, you need to store it on your own premises and hand-deliver it. You can't do internet transactions that way. Crucially you can't do credit, which is a practical requirement of most business. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Market_for_Lemons In a free market with asymmetric information , the presence of bad apps mixed in with the good drives down the price for everyone. People have far too much faith in the free market automatically delivering optimal outcomes. This is another case where it doesn't. Why? (the javascript restriction) There's quite a lot of websites where the app is a mediocre replication of the website. Especially magazines. Explain? Surely stake out == stake in, or something is very wrong with your proof of stake? The Harold Wilson argument: the numeraire of your wallet is indeed unchanged. The value of what you can buy with it has fluctuated dramatically. They might .. but enforcement is hardly automatic and tends to be slow. They might already be investigating. Plenty of big online companies either try hard to be uncontactable (google!) or will simply have their first line support tell you that it's your own fault and nothing can be done. I went in the other direction. The average amount of maintenance time is very low, but the distribution is not even - if it breaks, Murphy's Law guarantees it will be at the least convenient time. Like when you're on holiday or expecting an important email. The analogy would be having to pick one of spoon, fork, or knife for eating a whole meal with. Soup and steak. In this dystopia, manufacturing sporks is banned as patent infringement and filing an edge and some tines into your spoon is a DMCA violation. "Product Definition" benefits everybody in the marketplace No, it really doesn't: it commoditises the product, which tends to drive down margins. Vendors love lockin and lack of clarity. It benefits the customers. It tends not to happen unless it's enforced in some way. Food is a good example of this: what are you buying when you buy an "organic apple"? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IMSI-catcher This is exactly it: dispute resolution is hard, and involves untangling real world facts from distant parties some of whom are motivated fraudsters. Credit cards push the work of verifying that the person making a purchase with an account is the person entitled to do so, onto the merchants. Paypal has followed this; its terrible dispute resolution is a big source of complaints. Bitcoin has no dispute resolution at all . Once a transaction is confirmed, that's it; you have to use some mechanism outside the system to get your money back. People talk about escrow but it's hardly a magic solution. A corollary of this is that all software handling bitcoin has to be extremely reliable. Not just the client, but anything built on it, such as the entirety of the exchange. Like a pressurised container full of money; if there is any crack or way a hole can be made, it bursts and the money is gone. Even if all the software you've built is fine, any operating system level 0day ( cought Apple ) will sink you. Trust is always gameable; Madoff got billions by getting people to trust him. (I thought libertarians were in favour of gun-based dispute resolution systems?) Yes, as I was writing that post. I'd been considering rocketry analogies, where one software error (Ariane) or bad seal (Challenger) will blow the whole thing up, but I wanted to convey leakiness . Mtgox found a slow puncture and went down like a deflated bouncy castle. What? The conventional system is made of contracts, dispute, and credit. We've been doing it for centuries. It's not fraudproof but in western countries is usually very reliable ("high trust society"). Admittedly it's hard to export, or push into areas where the culture is low-trust. People keep saying smart contracts will help. How does this help "item not delivered" and "item not as described" etc? Could you show an example of such a legitimate new curation site please? 20% tax on private bank transfers from UK bank accounts to italian ones How is this legal under EU law of free movement of capital? The community really needs to choose one of two messages: a) Bitcoin is pseudonymous enough that you can safely buy drugs with it b) Large thefts of bitcoin can be traced; it's not pseudonymous enough for massive frauds Addendum: this appears to be somewhat true: via http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-02-16/money-launderer-unt... original italian news http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/notizie/2014-02-13/ritenuta-a... It's a presumption that the transfer is taxable income and a requirement to demonstrate otherwise. That's a very heavy tax enforcement process, but in theory you can get the 20% back if it's not income. If it is income, you should have paid the 20% anyway. The very selection of what is "news" constitutes an opinion. The "value" to prosecutors of catching a drug seller could be considerable, especially if they're selling a lot. .. which would imply that fraud was untraceable? So, if I am induced into sending bitcoins into an address, and subsequently find out that I'm defrauded (e.g., if I were a gox customer), can I trace the fraudster? This is almost certainly driven entirely by Eben Upton, who is the link between Broadcom and Raspberry Pi. He's probably been bundling up the huge list of demands for OSS video drivers and dumping them on the desk of the right person, while wearing down the objectors. It's something that Raspberry Pi have wanted for ages. Edit: ah, Eben has turned up here himself :) This is like saying we'll never run out of coal because carbon is so prevalent: it's not the right form. Silicon purification is energy-intensive, a major factor in the cost of silicon cells. Perovskite and other thin-film technologies potentially have the advantage of it being easier to handle liquids than thin solid silicon wafers; just deposit the final result of the process on glass. A downside of these cells is buried at the bottom of another article: http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/next/tech/photovoltaic-material... especially vulnerable to water damage if the seal fails. I still don't understand where you're going with this. Just because it's not capable of entirely providing our current power consumption doesn't mean it's a bad idea for deployment. After all, our current majority power source is a finite resource that's going to run out, and similar resourcing issues apply to uranium. You're probably going to reccomend Thorium, but the barriers to commercialisation there are more serious. Personally I suspect we'll end up with 30% solar, 30% wind, 40% other (tidal, nuclear, geothermal, biomass etc). Remember, when working with bitcoin, that transactions are _irreversible_. Even in the real billion-dollar finance world transactions have been reversed for serious software errors. Not in bitcoin. It's entirely possible for BTC to be in the blockchain but sent to an unspendable address, i.e. "lost forever" Some people do; mjg59 is working on boot attestation as an anti-boot-sector-virus mechanism. The underlying absolutely critical question is who controls the TPM hardware. Robosigning hasn't been entirely cleaned up and not nearly enough people went to jail there: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_United_States_foreclosure_... I eventually found that turning off Aero and 90% of the stuff in Performance -> Visual Effects made a huge difference on my Core i7 laptop with external monitor. (Windows 7). The giveaway was high memory usage by "dwm.exe"; it seemed to have enough memory pressure that unused windows would have their decor paged out, so switching between applications had to wait for a page fault to be serviced from disk. What? This usually works just fine. The only area where it doesn't is Gnome, who like making breaking changes. Quite a lot of the core tools (shellutils) are 20+ years old with only minor updates. To be fair, you can do this on Windows .. with the enterprise tools. It's just that there's no easy way to find this out and they require a domain controller anyway. As I keep posting, bitcoin has far stricter requirements than conventional banking for software security. One bug - including operating system zero-days - and your bitcoin can be irreversibly transferred to another address which is hard to trace to a human and even harder to recover. It's in the same category as rocketry, nuclear reactors or medical software, not "move fast and break things" startups. There is no room for error. Entertainingly, they've left the FAQ up: Q: Are there advantages to bitcoins? A: Of course! It is secure, anonymous and it removes the middle man resulting in very little transaction fees. The new "trustless" systems don't seem to have solved the problem of transactions at all: bitcoin may be trustless, but if I'm purchasing something with them (such as USD) I need to have some sort of guarantee that it will arrive. There's an argument that we're entering a "low trust" society, and this is not a good thing : http://fistfulofeuros.net/afoe/high-trust-and-low-trust-soci... Neither of those two citations actually list or enumerate people losing any value of their deposits. They just describe the process by which it would happen. (That's a lot of banks! The US system seems quite fragmented?) There's not much sign of this happening so far ... Besides, isn't lack of effective prosecution of failed financial institutions a reason often cited for using bitcoin? Cyprus. I don't have a great deal of sympathy for people with large deposits in Cypriot banks, given how many of them were only there for the tax evasion in the first place, thereby promoting a less trustworthy government. I should probably write up a good explanation of why asking for zero inflation == asking for price controls, and is not a good idea either. philbarr: this, of course, already exists: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friendly_society If I lived that close to central London, I don't think I'd bother owning a car and would rely on TFL. Tesla lack the traditional ugliness and fuel inefficiency of US cars; the model S looks like a Jaguar but is cheap to run. Nor is it too large. The EU manufacturers have an eye on this market; you have the Leaf (made in Sunderland UK, as others have pointed out), the Renault Zoe, Vauxhall Ampera (rebadged Chevy Volt), BMW i3. However, I wouldn't describe E30k as "budget"! I might be tempted by an ex-dealer secondhand Leaf at £10-£15k: http://www.autotrader.co.uk/used-cars/nissan/leaf The article says "patent pending", so they'll have to come up with a different one :( What do you mean by "keep the fly time mostly intact"? You know, one of the things I've learnt from libertarianism is that institutionalised (and therefore restricted ) violence is actually necessary to the operation of society. The alternative is unregulated, private violence, possibly by external actors (qv Ukraine) On the other hand, the executive order power is not very democratic. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Order_9066 was a much more serious human rights violation. But the gold confiscation order was preapproved by congress: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emergency_Banking_Act immediately after an election had happened. Coffeescript removes the trailing `});` that stacks up when writing callback-heavy code (such as node.js). No, I'd go with Montesquieu; it's beneficial to have multiple power groups provided that they generally prefer to compete peacefully adnd procedurally. If one group or actor decides to do something unacceptable, they get defeated by the others. "Fiat" does not mean "accounting fraud". The loss rate is extremely high; I don't think people would be willing to pay an extra 20% spread on their exchange to cover it. Much higher levels of isolation (such as running the transaction engine in some kind of HSM) would help, but I suspect that anyone smart enough and cautious enough to do it properly is too smart and cautious to go anywhere near the prospect of running a bitcoin exchange. Those are two different propositions. Tearing things down inevitably breaks vital things and should only be a last resort. But that says nothing about whether incremental improvement is possible. However, nobody wants to put the effort into organising politically to cause improvements to the existing system. Because they don't trust anyone, and only care for the increase of their own wallet. I'm working on an analogy between Bitcoin evangelists and anti-vaxxers: - something bad happens to someone doing the conventional thing (vaccination, banking) - people panic about it on the internet - there is a lack of trust in other people and institutions - people pull away from the conventional system - in the short term it's fine - then there is an epidemic (measles, fraud/loss) - this is much worse than the system they rejected, so they resort to denial - everyone else says "I told you so" The volatility has been high enough that people are used to losing/gaining that much in a day. Irreversible + bulk automatable = disaster: fraudster can bleed the system dry before anyone notices, and damage cannot be repaired. Irreversible + manual = opportunities for people to spot the fraud; volume limited by amount of work required to commit each fraud. Reversible + automatable = opportunity to spot and undo the fraud. PCI Compliance is entirely private/free market, isn't it? compete on terms of liquidity and safety But this doesn't work, because the public have no real means of assessing either of these and Akerlof's Market For Lemons applies. "This article has been removed as it was launched early. It will be reinstated at the correct launch time." It appeared when I clicked on the link. Maybe it's UK-only or something. Nothing in London is quite so profitable as property development. I suppose this is the continuation of the process of sweeping away the derelict bits of Hackney for the 2012 Olympics. It would be nice if economic activity wasn't quite so concentrated in unaffordable London. But I can feel the wave of money washing over the built environment even out here in Cambridge ("Silicon Fen"); it's just about commutable to North London, so buildings have been going up with the clear aim of selling to middle eastern or Chinese investors. It has its positive aspects - many of the cleared buildings were in terrible condition, ugly, or (as in Hackney) suffering from asbestos. But the new ones are still unaffordable. I'm fleeing to Edinburgh while watching professional couple friends get priced out of buying their first home. Property booms cannot go on forever: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/28/home-ownership-... but we lack the leadership to resist this or to try and distribute industries more evenly across the country. (Mediacity is a token attempt at building a media cluster in Manchester while kneecapping the BBC and looting its buildings). Could you describe the electronics scene in Bristol? That sounds interesting. RiscOS will run on the Raspberry Pi (made in Wales) if that counts :) Yes and no; a lot depends on the competence with which it's done. It's not turned out too badly for China or South Korea. There's a strong case for having a proper property tax (to central govt) in London. If we're going to have a boom then then at least we should benefit from it. Admittedly there's hardly anyone in Parliament I trust even to be basically competent in this kind of planning, let alone honest. Well, that confirms that the "obvious" workflow of "git pull" is dangerous. At least it explains all the spurious merges. Why on earth did it ship with this broken design? Why doesn't git pull do the right thing by default? You then have to be very disciplined about logging your google accounts in and out, and either give up on tabbed browsing or have a youtube-only browser and an "other" browser. On Android, you don't have this choice. Good project managers are very valuable. Unfortunately they're not easy to find and evaluate. find -Werror on every line invocation in a Makefile If it's on every line and not kept in one place in $(CFLAGS), you have bigger problems. Politicians in the West are astonishingly cheap compared to the budgets that they control. It's a sign that it's fairly hard to directly steal money and they have to be subtle about steering contracts. We're almost at the point of someone Kickstartering a politician, but not quite yet. Howard Dean came close to this. That depends on whether you mean "M0" or "M3". Retail payments are now a little over 50% electronic: http://www.paymentscouncil.org.uk/media_centre/press_release... , so that's bank money rather than paper/metal currency. Forex trading is huge: http://finance.yahoo.com/news/forex-market-size-traders-adva... : again, held on account rather than actual notes and coins changing hands. That's not even counting derivatives, but derivatives usually net out (for every put option there is a call option) and don't necessarily require settlement. However, there's enough of a real market and taxation demand denominated in the US dollar that it's not going anywhere any time soon. The ECD made enough of a commitment to Euro liquidity that it's not going away any time soon. Bitcoin's market cap is still tiny enough that it could be demolished by a single bored FX trader in an afternoon; but there's no real way to profit from that, as doing so would also demolish the fragile exchanges by which you might cash out. It's much less dominant than the Apple store (which really is a monopoly on the iOS platform). If there is an anti-monopoly case it will be there first. Institutional sexism is certainly a thing. "Valuable" is an opinion, not a fact. It's the sort of company where the people in charge enjoy subordinating their employees, and aren't themselves subject to good metrics. They can spend their time bullying the staff at the expense of shareholders. The Protestant management ethic doesn't help here - the belief that if the rank-and-file are happy, they must be getting away with something and must therefore be screwed harder. This is the classic "if you use a prominent feature in a seemingly obvious way, then it causing problems for you is your own fault". People familiar with `svn update` or other VCS actions which synchronise a local copy with a central repository will get surprised by `git pull`. In the UK, we did manage to get the identity cards scheme killed and all the data collected destroyed . Admittedly it was still in the pilot stage. The key to effective political action is getting all the other existing politically active groups to realise that they don't want to do politics under surveillance either. Everyone from the NRA to the NAACP should oppose this. Talk about guns on the internet? It's trivial to keyword match make and model names, and the NSA can presumably correlate this back to home addresses. They already have the database of who the gun owners are if they were to want to confiscate them. Remind nonwhite people about the FBI's attempts to blackmail MLK. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/07/fbi-office-brea... Everyone should understand that this infrastructure can and will be used to interfere with domestic politics, not to mention being used to attack democracy abroad (see 20th century South American history). You cannot support a system that is unjust to your enemies and assume smugly that it will never be turned around on you (Diane Feinstein passim). Actively choosing a version control system is a rare decision; the vast majority of the time you have to use whatever the project leader (OSS) / company wants. If a project is on github I can't exactly choose to use svn. This has led to me using some truly terrible version control systems, of which the worst was Cadence DesignSync. When using this system I wrote a rant detailing it (which is very offtopic for this thread but might be amusing): - by default, a "checkout" contains symlinks to (non-writable) files, not the files themselves. - this means that files can change under you. I suppose it saves a bit of disk space. - want to edit a file? Mandatory locking! - yes, that's right, mandatory locking is used instead of merges. No built in merging at all. - In theory that avoids conflicts. In practice, what happens is: people take their own copy of the file, edit it, get the lock, write their edited version in. - because it's hand-merged or unmerged, we've frequently lost changes and had to reapply them. - towards the end of the project, finding out that the file you needed was locked by someone in a different timezone who'd gone home was getting really, really infuriating. - to top it all, it's very, very slow. This article from 2002 describes someone else having the same experience and building a "just use Perforce" frontend: http://eetimes.com/electronics-news/4153780/Irritation-promp... The tragic thing is that some of the Baltic states (eg Estonia) have shown nifty ways to make ID cards benefit the public, having keypairs on the card and application integration etc. But this is only useful IF we can trust the system won't be abused - which at the moment we really can't. In the west an ID system would be primarily used for making immigrants second class citizens and turning everyone into immigration enforcement vigilantes. I'm referring to bare `git pull`. I've seen `git pull --rebase` suggested as a common solution to avoid excess merges; is this dangerous or a good idea? Malaysia is not China? For most of the plane's expected flight it was outside Chinese airspace. Moreover, that kind of currency collapse is connected to balance of payments ; in the case of Weimar, having to ship a substantial amount of gold continuously to France, and in the case of Zimbabwe a collapse of local agriculture due to land confiscation and redistributing to people who couldn't farm. I'm sure this was mentioned in The Mythical Man Month - the need to have a technical promotion track instead of just the managerial one, for exactly this reason. There needs to be a path to seniority that does not involve accumulating underlings. I refer to my previous comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7381703 There's some people who enjoy subordinating others. And you're right about the not showing weakness as part of that. They'd rather trash a large area of the company than admit that they were wrong. And the need to limit the power of the people at the bottom of tree prevents them having the autonomy to work well. Mandating something like FIPS for everything would impair startups quite badly. For the moment I'm quite happy to not have regulations on the development process or content of software. Non-flat PCBs would be a massive hassle to solder components to; normal pick-and-place+reflow is out of the question as the components would fall off, so you'd have to resort to gluing them on or soldering one leg manually. Flexible (polyamide) PCBs are already available, with FR4 stiffeners where components are to be soldered. You could assemble one flat, bend to desired shape and attach to a form. HR, legal, finance and IT are all unpopular for the same reason: it's part of their job to stop you doing things that may get the company in trouble later. Of course, this means they may be at times too conservative in the interests of having an easy life. Doesn't mean they're not useful at all. Most of those are not "widebody airliner". The smaller the plane, the better the chances. Takedowns and law enforcement. If you're in Scotland, you already know it exists and would automatically be looking locally. I see the London meetup as "poaching" people to come to Scotland. I'm moving to work in Scotland myself very soon. I've got a weird range of reactions from people here in the south of England; people are sort of suprised to learn that Scotland has electricity let alone a tech industry. The most effective recruiting strategy would be to ask people what they're currently paying to live in London and how tiny a flat it is, then show them the corresponding 3 bedroom house / Georgian townhouse they could get for the same money. I had no idea that existed! In the long term I suspect the best option for SMAC is a binary reverse-engineer and re-implement. The original game has a number of bugs ( http://www.civgaming.net/smac/acad_buglist.shtml ) and isn't even a very good Windows port (it uses a crazy 16-colour video mode that really doesn't like alt-tab). Or we could run a kickstarter to open source it .. Anything can be made to sound bad if you oversimplify. Any community can be made to sound incoherent if you collapse the opinions of very different people on top of one another. It's pretty obvious that the article is describing an unusual arrangement that won't suit everyone - although it's not specific to tech, there are other jobs where you get stuffed into a remote, often mostly young male, community for months at a time. Oil, the military, certain religious and agricultural communities. ? Inevitably a game will come out that is DX12-only, at which point you have to incur those costs if you want to play it. Isn't it illegal? ACPI is, at the moment, the most labour-efficient way of getting suspend and resume working on the widest variety of hardware. The alternative Mark is putting forward is for manufacturers to support Linux directly, which isn't going to happen until it's as dominant as windows. Compare the android situation, where you get manufacturer support but not updates or proper merges into upstream. Exactly how democratic it is is very much in question: http://www.opendemocracy.net/arab-awakening/halil-gurhanli/c... It's a good example of how pluralism is a more important aspect of democracy than the actual voting. People like to complain about the US two-party system and condemn obvious one-party states, but the reality of a lot of recent or fragile democracies is that they are one-and-a-bit party states. There's an establishment and an opposition, and the opposition are allowed to exist but have a limited influence on actual control. Drivers are rarely punished more than trivially for their fallibility; even gross negligence gets quite a big pass. The model case is probably the ongoing Toyota "unintended acceleration" case, in which it appears that poor software engineering really did contribute to fatal accidents. It's likely to cost Toyota a lot but not reach through to the design team. [citation needed] A lot depends on whether you're doing a backup or an archive ; if it's a backup you'll be rotating the disks in periodically. Doing this in hardware is IMHO a great step forward; general purpose computers are just too easy to compromise. Of course, the box has to be secure itself .. I think you're entirely right. As other people have said, we're forgetting the previous VR boom, and also the various times Hollywood has tried to make 3D films stick. 3D TVs are currently flagging in sales. In my cupboard of "tech that was once must-have", I have a Kinect, a Wii Fit, a dancemat, and an NVIDIA 3D shutter-glasses set. I suspect VR will end up there too. Local securities law usually prevents you selling shares to the public without a lot more accounting. Not unless you're trying to compete with Intel. Consider the various bitcoin ASIC miners: beat all other technologies for solving that problem for an investment of a few million. However, algorithms are so rarely the stumbling block for applications; data storage, management and communications are. The major exception is graphics, hence the GPU. This is basically what AP newswire, and the commercial Reuters-Thompson and Bloomberg services offer. Condensed low-latency news. A lot of news sites operate essentially by expanding wire service copy. .. and the choice to present the news in English is itself an opinion. (Check out some French, German or Spanish news sources and see how different the world is sometime) GM is currently recalling 1.6M cars which can accidentally turn off while driving: http://www.thewire.com/business/2014/03/gm-recall-mary-barra... (this has apparently resulted in a number of deaths, as the power steering stops working) One should be proportionally more grateful to the original Mesa developers, surely? Power is ill-defined and not related to popularity, which is in turn only lightly linked to market value. (Arguably the most powerful language by weight is APL, which has a tiny but dedicated community) Shell is very good at a narrow range of tasks involving text and file manipulation, but a couple of crippling limitations: whitespace in filenames (especially, god help you, newlines) destroys many casually written scripts, and the only structure really supported by the shell utils is newline-delimited. Indeed. Either you give distro-specific instructions (long) or you make people build a gcc cross-compiler from scratch (also long) or you gloss over that bit (prone to failure). Many Pi users' only linux system is the Pi. He does claim that it creates a window, even if that's a conceptual one rather than a physical one. Hence the lock contention in the desktop window manager. It's probably a good thing to do if you're doing a lot of ARM kernel development, but for a oneshot thing? For someone unfamiliar with those tools? It would be interesting to race someone unfamiliar with that toolchain installing it and cross-compiling versus someone just following the instructions. "Cloud based" is a little misleading, but the service they're offering is a very good idea. Batch PCB services have existed for a while and several have settled out as popular choices. Now the hacker / small product dev community can have suitably downscaled assembly services too. Hopefully the part standardisation will also include footprints for the PCB tools; setting that up is a common pain. http://smarden.org/pape/Debian/unofficial/why.html DJB appears to have changed the license to public domain, but at some point in the past there was a license that prohibited distribution of binaries from modified source. There's still the request that the paths not be changed to comply with the FHS. DJB has strong opinions about the construction and distribution of software. So do quite a lot of debian people. These views are incompatible. The UK isn't really a "European" country in this regard; it still prefers inefficient private quasi-monopolies to properly functioning state services. The UK "last mile" infrastructure is unbundled so you can get your DSL service through a wide variety of providers - but actual line speed upgrades and faults are still at the mercy of BT incompetence, and everyone has to pay them £15/month for "line rental" even if you don't want POTS. Community is _extremely_ important; Arduino lives on its community despite losing on pure technical benchmarks against all sorts of other dev boards. Pi isn't going anywhere, as they have a great understanding of the community they wish to create and do educational projects with. I suspect that's not what the sponsor wants to see, and therefore will not be seen. That's an extremely narrow view of "play"! That was a bit of a troll, yes; I'm just about old enough to remember six week lead times for phone lines, slam-door trains, but not quite the three-day week. My argument is that state services don't have to be awful, as a lot of people seem to think. It depends on local political culture. British culture has American pro-privatisation far more than the German/Nordic tradition of efficient services. Estonia is doing rather well at state-supported internet. Almost every real use of UDP is "pseudo connection based", and lots of NAT systems operate on that basis: that a packet going (host,port) -> (host2,port2) implies both that there might be packets in the reverse direction and further packets between that pair of ports. This isn't baked into the protocol, but in practice everyone relies on it. Deleting branches from the version control system is heresy . It's there precisely because you know your decisions are fallible and you might want to go back in time to fix them. Yeah, test suites can suffer from feature drag as well; you may be spending effort on updating or making things pass that are no longer relevant. Spousal rights for health insurance have been an issue at places in the past. I don't see how that follows? Lots of fast systems are FP-only. I still don't really understand the advantage of ReactOS in any particular situation, although I suppose if you really liked NT-era Windows (and people do) it's a re-enactment society for that. Both have a dependency system, but they are quite different in how they work and resolve dependencies. Apt/dpkg is also a lot more careful about its treatment of configuration files. Debian packages generally ask questions during preconfigure, build a config file, and then run out of the box. But if you already have a config file it will either be left alone or ask you to resolve the merge. http://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/634/what-are-the-pro... custodians of a file format Plenty of companies have been jealous custodians of their file format to prevent interoperability. Amazon's S3 interface seems to be widely emulated by cloud storage providers. Although that's very far from a complete sync solution. Sysvinit is the UNIX way. Besides, if it's a server, you start everything once and leave it running. Reboot time is not important, only reboot reliability. This is not a commodity, value product. The cost is reasonable for the short production run. The FPGA is a unique feature, and there are plenty of other points you can extend from. If you're not building your own hardware and integrating it with the laptop then it is not for you and you would be wasting $2000. (Also: "no wireless, less space than a nomad. lame.") The first paper is (a) complaining about FreeBSD and (b) he hasn't seen how bad most commercial software is on the source side. The second is about suspend; while I somewhat agree on not liking high integration (dbus, high-complexity desktops), suspend has been a total nightmare largely due to hardware manufacturers. You need to do very specific things or the display doesn't come back cleanly. Software architecture is harder than it looks. Where's your alternative tidier solution? I agree that libtool is ugly, but it lets you build on different systems with different management that are immune to harmonisation. The sound mess is similar: people refusing to give up their own ideas on what constitutes a good solution. We don't have a magic wand to make people reach consensus. The best we've managed is Jobsian totalitarianism, and even that doesn't always produce the right answer. If you're running in a VM, the VM may impose its own constraints on the disk write and virtual memory issues. I strongly agree; it's a nasty antifeature. It might be tolerable if there was no vertical scrollbar and the page loaded immediately, but there is and it doesn't. hose your network stack in any OS No, this is very very rare on things that aren't Windows. Lots of people say "registry corruption" when they mean "cruft"; over time apps register shell extensions and various other systemwide bits and pieces that gradually reduce UI responsiveness or break in strange ways. TV is not internet. You can run TV over internet, but that's a service being provided over the internet. TV has never been a universal access medium. Do you want your VoIP to have higher QoS than my Skype? In which case that's a problem. I think it's worth distinguishing between the implementation of the EU (which is .. buggy) and the concept (which is a great universal message of peace and brotherhood and prosperity, so powerful that you have non-EU countries and peoples begging to be admitted) The Egyption progression was military dictatorship -> revolution, elections -> elected Islamists -> everyone realising how awful Islamists are even if elected -> military dictatorship. Turkey has been struggling with a lighter and less violent version of the same issue for a while; you can have a democratic country only until you elect a religious party determined to violate minority rights, at which point military secularism starts to look good. They had something similar in XNA, but unaccountably abandoned it. It's basically a pet, surely? Automating child supervision will be the next great liberation of human labour from drudgery, if we manage to make a society where people can afford it. At the moment the cost of childcare (whether transactional or domestic) is limited by the number of children one adult can effectively look after; around four, or fewer if they have special needs. Traditionally one solution has been to make the older kids look after the young ones, but nobody accepts this when childcare is contracted out. Unfortunately the downside is accustoming children to automated surveillance and potentially automated child discipline. I don't think there's any technological reason why email should necessarily be slower than IM, that's something of an accident of history in the technology. Which protocol are you referring to - IRC? talkd? Voice and video are fundamentally different from messaging because they are connection-orientated; I think it's a mistake to conflate the two. SIP is actually pretty good when the firewall punching works. I suspect there are enough cases when it doesn't for that to be a problem. And of course, if it's hard to monetise then it's hard to advertise, hence the proprietary push. "open standards" pretty much equals "no business model", unfortunately - at least for something end-user orientated like this. It's a little provocative, but for a lot of people costof childcare is a big issue: http://www.theguardian.com/money/she-said/2014/mar/31/three-... ; and the cost of childcare is almost entirely (labour cost) / (number of children cared for). There are also phases of childhood; yes, infants need to be kept close, necessitating paid parental leave for the first year or so, but as they gradually get more autonomous you can let them play on their own or in small groups, at which point the "AI baby monitor" starts to seem more reasonable. Continuous lifesign monitoring of infants would also be useful; computers, unlike adults, don't have to sleep. Maybe we could prevent or at least reduce/understand SIDS? I appreciate that feminism is not going to get a good reception on HN, and I don't have my references to hand, so I'll stick to the easily googlable: http://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2010/07/par... http://philosophynow.org/issues/24/Can_a_Life_of_Child-reari... A more serious problem: it's not arithmetically possible for everyone to hire the "best". .. but patent enforcement relies entirely on the use of "force" against infringers? So I take one of these pills and reverse-engineer it to produce "knowledge" of how to make it, would you prevent me "sharing" that? This is not a coherent philosophical position. The EP is actually quite good at producing the right decisions, especially when the public remember that it exists and lobby them over this issue. Unfortunately it's the weakest of the legislating institutions (Parliament/Commission/Council). You've not noticed the massive barriers to legal immigration being built in the West, have you? I'm assuming it's deliberate; training most users into clicking through warnings to expose the maximum personal data by default. Design doesn't "scratch an itch" in nearly the same way. Also, it's less reusable; many developers are allowed to work on their project as it's useful to their employer. I'm in the West looking out.. My wife still gets redirected to that page from retail.santander.co.uk on entering her customer number. It doesn't automatically indicate insecurity, but it does indicate that there is a system that isn't being actively maintained properly but is still up. On that subject, https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7572414 You're basically right; there have been a few incompatible changes (eg aout -> elf, glibc 1 -> 2), but I believe that in all cases there was already a version numbering system in place such that both could be present at the same time. Additionally, all the distros have update and packaging mechanisms. While you can install off disc, Linux is a lot more .. internet native than Windows. Documentation is in some ways harder to fix than code; you can fix what the code does, but documenting the intent can only be done by the author or someone involved in the original design. If you want something used by millions of people, you have to make it as simple as possible. Insisting that people learn about the invisible internals is more likely to put them off using it than to result in them learning. They've not made a SUV because they tend to be inefficient due to their size and weight. Starting at the top end of the market and providing limited options is the Apple approach, likely to lead to profit but not necessarily market share. You couldn't run this business in a libertarian state; nobody would trust you not to steal their stuff, and almost everyone would be so poor as to not afford your service. This is why there isn't a thriving self-storage business in Somalia. Everything that isn't consumer electronics has longer lifecycles. B2B customers aren't as flexible: it's not a question of throwing out your smartphone every 2 years and buying a new one, as soon as your action is multiplied across 1000+ devices everything takes much longer. You might spend an entire year doing the national rollout, and once you've done that you don't want to do it again if at all possible. If there's any kind of qualification, tracking, auditing, or compliance issue everything will take much longer again. Traditional "ISA wars" were about the cost of instruction decode & context-specific functionality. This really is over now: instruction decode costs hardly anything and context specific functionality is rarely used. As far as I can tell, Mill have realised that the real fight is for cache ; the most expensive thing you can do on a modern CPU is a data stall. So the intent is to change the execution model enough to change data access patterns and make prefetch work properly, along with more efficient use of the cache. The next most expensive thing is a branch mispredict, and Mill attacks that strongly as well. I used to run my own mail server. I stopped because of two reasons: 1) You have to be your own 24-hour support, or accept that you will lose or bounce mail. You can be stuck with realising that it's failed while you're on holiday. 2) You have to be your own antispam. I've had my own email domain for fifteen years; it's on basically every spam list out there. Gmail is very good at this. At the moment I rely on my hosting provider who filters out most but not all of it. 3) You can have tedious issues delivering outbound mail, even if you're not using SPF. In my opinion the right level to run email is "small cooperative" (10-100 users), where cooperatives share software, experience and maybe even staff but are administratively and physically separate. What do you actually do with the 33 ops/cycle? How many do you issue, by comparison? Or is it used to follow both sides of the branch? Hitting the save button is fine; the problem is more when one person hits "save" and the other person hits "cancel" at the same time. There can be only one winner. Over-complexity was a major contributor to the failure of OpenSSL. I think there's a real danger of building an overcomplicated system that sets us up for problems in the future. Especially as it ties into everything , presenting a large attack service from other parts of the system that are supposed to be lower privilege. I've accepted udev, but I'm still wary of dbus. So, I googled for "24 billion" to get an example of the sort of thing the US government spends that kind of money on without a second thought. I was expecting to find some piece of military hardware. No, it's even more ridiculous: http://money.cnn.com/2013/10/16/news/economy/shutdown-econom... $24bn is the estimated cost (to the economy as a whole, rather than the government as a specific billed item) of the totally unnecessary government shutdown last year. It is literally the amount of money Congress can waste without thinking, or while trying very hard to avoid thinking. I was part of the last generation in the UK to get a stipend ("student grant"), although it wasn't that generous and it was over 15 years ago. Twitter took off once it got a critical mass of celebrities using it, and this fact was published in mainstream media . Stephen Fry brought in a lot of people; now it's Justin Bieber. Sierra Wireless have 3G modules, although they're not particularly simple or cheap. People thinking that the blacklist is paranoid: the UK had a construction industry blacklisting scandal for years ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-21155535 ) and it's still not been properly dealt with. Anti-unionism is often as much about the authority as it is about saving money; the desire to retain arbitrary power over your employees and know you've given them the bad end of the deal, even if they're on a multi-hundred-thousand-dollar salary. You can't legally selectively default on debt; see the ongoing Argentinian "pari passu" saga as documented by FT blogs. Doing it illegally is basically hanging out a "we're now a rogue state lol" banner in New York to welcome businesses. Having said that, I'm in favour of politely but firmly squashing the tax haven states. There is some work in this area but it's very slow. Yes, there really is nothing more productive to do. Worse, we're going to end up in a situation where unless we make big investments now with negative current ROI, society will be even poorer in the future once the current capital assets have depreciated and been written off. Example: sustainable power generation. Entering the name carries a risk, which varies from person to person: the risk that Google might decide your name is not "real enough". It also publicises your name, which may be a big risk for some people. Use one name at work and another at home? The whole point would be to keep those spheres separate. There is also the issue of (for example) the person with the surname "Yellow Horse" having her account closed down by the policy, as Google didn't believe it was a real name. There's the Mill CPU people, and I personally worked briefly with a small CPU startup, and there are startup-ish IP core companies out there .. but it's an extremely hard market to enter. Simply ramping up the clock speed is not going to happen much; the problem of waiting for your data to traverse the huge distance from the socketed DRAM all the way over to the processor is already severe. Traffic priority is very game-able and subjective, though. You can easily argue VoIP versus bulk transfer, but where's the application boundary between "necessary" and "not necessary" - music streaming? SSH? Online games? Who decides this? It might be workable if it came with a guarantee that rates below (max bandwidth/contention ratio) would always be delivered from each customer, and traffic above that would be at risk from contention. So ... what happened when you followed it up? Note from Europe: fairly soon all cars will be required to include a mobile system with GPS that will automatically call the emergency services if the car is involved in an accident. This system is called "eCall". http://www.heero-pilot.eu/ressource/static/files/2013_12_09_... It's not just humans that need to make emergency phone calls without being jammed. You track the rogue drones by waiting for the owner to leak some information about them on the internet (obvious example is posting illegally-gathered drone footage to youtube, but there are more subtle ways) If only there were some kind of legal system that could perform investigations and establish the truth of claims. It's not an easy test when looking at the packet . If you're relying on people to label their packets appropriately, they will lie if doing so gets them what they want. There always remains the possibility that you may not be able to find a suitable one at all : http://www.judiciary.gov.uk/Resources/JCO/Documents/Judgment... This recent high-profile case has been thrown out because nobody that legal aid is willing to pay (for the defendants) for is capable of handling it. Even the first step, "read 10,000 pages of documents", is not affordable since the legal aid cuts. That document describes the desperate search for someone suitable and willing ("silk" == barrister or QC, required at this level of court) Large orgs developing apps for internal use are pretty much the only people doing non-game desktop apps these days. They're still happy with it as an inheritor of Visual Basic, and if you're happy to be Windows-only it works very well. I agree that Microsoft abandoning XNA development was a very disappointing decision, it was a pretty good tool. Monarch does not have those powers; in any case this is effectively a pay dispute. The complexity issue is important and needs addressing properly. Jury trials for fraud have already been abandoned for this reason. However, I've no idea how you'd reform it; you need to have people who (a) know the law and (b) have read all the relevant documents, which is always going to take time and therefore cost money. It is somewhat self-stabilising over time, but the first step is to stop putting it into the atmosphere in the first place. Or at least reduce the rate. That implies not opening new fossil fuel fields; not fracking, and not extracting the tar sands. Interesting that the first comments are slating this for being cloud-based; in this particular case I think that's like slating Google for being cloud based. The raw data will make sense to very few people without the very large database of "known" things to match against. And that large database will be continually updated as people try new things. Having said that, I'm not sure who the target market really is. It's basically a Cool Science Toy. Educational use? But in that case maybe it would be nice to show the raw data just to give an impression of how it works. Flagged as "get off my lawn" clickbait. Oh god. Javascript's optional semicolon really has inflicted a lot of damage, hasn't it? What do you want the patches for? I wish I had fewer patches and fewer nagging notification items (Adobe, Java). The internet drives the need for patches, because suddenly bugs are a security risk rather than a rare inconvenience. RSS won't be adopted by the tech-indifferent because it's a technology . It's not a service or a company and therefore doesn't have anyone with a vested financial interest pushing it as a platform. Also, it doesn't fit into the advertising-funded clickbaity world. It's therefore only adopted by people who think about what they are doing and what they want out of their internet, rather than people following the shiny path of least resistance and most popularity. Almost all big companies handle security on this kind of cargo-cult basis, because it's easier than finding someone who understands security and letting them overrule stupid ideas. Another reason to do it as a web app not requiring anyone's permission. I suppose if someone offers to share their homemade damson gin that would count as "alcohol references" ... The fresh fruit/veg idea is excellent; gardeners nearly always end up with perishable surpluses. However, I'm a little concerned with formalising it in the EU in case some busybody decides that the many onerous agricultural rules on selling food apply. Interesting. I wonder whether they'll pay the protection money or choose to leave? I wonder if this will drive Bitcoin adoption in Russia? Note that the US government is no stranger to strong-arming payment processors into refusing payment to businesses it deems undesirable, not always on a legal basis. For example, donations to wikileaks. The Russian position is that Putin insists on being the one strong-arming opponents. This is not an improvement. (I wonder if this thread is going to be "yay, someone breaking the payments cartel and going after the banks" or "boo, Putin"?) "boo, Putin" is certainly valid and correct, and I'm not asserting general moral equivalence. I'm just saying that actions which erode due process make it much harder to fight this kind of action. The only question is "who pays for the infrastructure". Wikipedia has done extremely well with its donation drives; that's very hard to repeat. App.net seems to have struggled to make users pay directly. Arguably the whatsapp charging model has worked best. I'm not clear what you mean, could you explain? "The onus should morally be on the ISP " This is American capitalism, morality doesn't enter the picture. More seriously, the McDonald's argument doesn't work because McD's business model is profit on turnover. If they sell more, they make more. Comcast's model is renting out wires. The money they make is the price set by the "market" in internet connections. Actually providing a service is a cost , and therefore they want to reduce it as much as possible without driving away customers. Building more won't enable them to charge their customers more, so they're sending a rent bill to Netflix to see if they pay it. I suspect few people will - and there's a limit to this, if they add $9 every few months for a different service, eventually you will refuse to pay $$$/month for the service. Imagine if every speed upgrade from 56k modems had also come with a price increase. GCC is (unsurprisingly) copyleft and incredibly mainstream. QPL patch requirements are a big hassle for distros, although Debian has special casing in dpkg building to handle it. No, it's not, but if they can increment prices once, why not again? If they can announce extra billing for "infrastructure upgrades" every few years, why not more frequently? Boil the frog as fast as possible. After all, where would it go? Clang/LLVM are also much easier to work with architecturally, as well as being 20 years newer and offering new ways of using IL; difficult to control for that variable. This reminds me, can't find it right now, but there is a picture circulating on Twitter of a safari park warning sign: "Please make sure you turn off location and be careful about sharing photos of our rhino on social media, you may give away its location to poachers" It works very well for light entertainment ; we'll be doing it for the upcoming Eurovision song contest. (One of the UK minor channels has just launched a programme "Goggle box", which is basically a reality show of people watching television and chatting over it. This may be taking the whole thing too far) Morality is certainly changing ; you'd need to deploy a lot more ethical reasoning to argue that it's getting worse . Remember that "community" in the 50s really did not extend across racial barriers. As for integrity, the famous exchange about "Have you no sense of decency?" ( http://americanrhetoric.com/speeches/welch-mccarthy.html ) was in the 50s, where the community did not so much have one another's back as was looking for a back to knife. When talking about community and solidarity, one must always ask "among whom exactly?" and "how reciprocal is this?". I believe we've gone from tight but narrowly defined, exclusionary communities to looser, more inclusive and egalitarian ones. The "should we intervene militarily in perceived overseas atrocities" question is also a lot more complex than it first appears, and too long to fit in this comment. It's correct, though; it's not attached to the drivetrain of the vehicle. Ruling that any GPS device capable of tracking distance constituted a "taximeter" and was therefore banned from private cars would be an unworkable disaster. (Hmm, I wonder how Uber's metering copes with the Blackwall tunnel and the Woolwich ferry. My GPS directed me over the ferry once, resulting in a huge delay. Note that on the ferry a GPS would count as "moving" but a taximeter "stationary".) For a type system, being Turing complete is a disadvantage : you can't prove that your typechecker will always terminate. It's not even a small group of users, there's a lot of abuse about and for women it often takes a very nasty tone. There is occasionally legal action taken about tweets, but it's so rare and inconsistently applied that it manages to be a threat to free speech but not to actual abuse. I know the idea of international law is not popular in America, but please consider that the idea that non-Americans might also have rights ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/ ), including the right not to be arbitrarily killed and the right to a trial. Declaring that the US has the right to murder anyone at any time anywhere without trial or legal remedy is declaring war on the world. Yes; although war has rules. It's not clear whether this is part of a war or not. Is the United States at war with Yemen? No. Are the Yemenis being bombed civilians or military? Well, they're not the military of any particular state. We're in a murky territory here now, where the US gets to unilaterally declare war on individuals and deem them "not civilians" so it's ok to bomb them. "Every nation has the sovereign right to kill people in other nations." I'm fairly sure that if we were discussing Iranian intelligence blowing up airliners of US nationals you'd not be using that argument. Except that this way lies violent madness. Support bombing Iran? You're now on the Iranian kill list - and you're arguing that this is a reasonable way to run international relations? Someone has to de-escalate. I know that's not a popular view in a country where the answer to gun violence is more guns, but it's the only way to peace in the long run. So which jurisdiction applies here, in your opinion? The github pages intro documentation reccomends using Jekyll; it's built in somehow. No, they just have a very thorough understanding of the box model and all the different selectors. There's quite a lot of pieces and they can interact in many ways; some people just have the right mindset to solve that puzzle. Well, that's one way you can slice it; but the UDHR and most legal traditions' understanding of human rights doesn't make that distinction in law, and I'm not sure how it's useful to this discussion here? .. however they're still Windows-only. And some of the drivers will blatantly cheat the benchmarks. I remember stories of one driver that behaved differently if called from an executable named QUAKE.EXE - if you renamed Quake you got slower, more "correct" rendering. TV that doesn't pick up broadcast TV = huge market failure. It's not that hard, you only need a couple of different options ( https://www.dvb.org/news/worldwide ) which could be implemented on a daughterboard PCB as wireless often is. Ugh. Most short programs are all about the string handling, which C is terrible at. The only real case for a short C utility is if the heart of what you're doing is a single system or library call that isn't so readily accessible in Python, Perl or shell. Or it might add up to next to nothing, if a full run is eight hours. Or it might finish early and then be blocked waiting for some other part of the system. The moral of "computers are fast" is that guessing about bottlenecks and twiddling with the lowest level of code is unlikely to help; you need to start at the top with a profiler, and start asking the questions "do we need to compute this at all?", "can we make it O(n log n) or better?", and "can we partition this to scale horizontally?" Start from existing data protection rules and procedure: http://ico.org.uk/for_organisations/data_protection/the_guid... "Information made public by the subject" is exempt, even if the subject regrets that disclosure. There's also exemptions for news reporting and other purposes: http://ico.org.uk/for_organisations/data_protection/the_guid... (Those references are to UK law, but this area of law is part of EU harmonisation and should therefore be basically the same in most EU countries) Defamation is so expensive to defend (and results so variable) that almost everyone folds in the face of a libel claim. Libel is a very effective way for rich people to silence criticism. It got so bad in the UK that the US passed a law declaring UK libel judgements unenforcable in the US ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPEECH_Act ). UK libel law has recently improved very slightly, although not in Northern Ireland. If they can get the content, then an Apple STB would be game-changing. Every STB I've used has awful UI - slow, unresponsive, unintuitive, uninformative. But it has to be able to deliver the broadcast TV programmes in realish time. If it managed to do that by IP (multicast?) seamlessly, that would actually be fine. Like the http://keracolor.blogspot.co.uk/ ? (1968) For heterodox economics without the signature Zerohedge apocalypse hype, try the ftalphaville blog: http://ftalphaville.ft.com/ You try to avoid writing in assembly unless you absolutely have to, because it's a big maintenance pain and unless all your assumptions are correct it may not be as fast as the compiler. It's not worth bothering with unless you're vectorising or want to use some other instructions that are not normally emitted (e.g. ARM add-with-saturation). "Handing to one other organisation in confidence" != "public" The answer is potentially yes, if you're handling people's information then they have a right to (a) correct it and (b) delete it. You can't just maintain dossiers on people forever without their consent. However, it may be exempt if it's administratively necessary to keep. http://ico.org.uk/for_organisations/data_protection/the_guid... (Really you have to look in the caselaw which is harder to find) Branch predictors do not modify the code in memory. Dead code is still there; if you have a branch that is always taken, the predictor may remember that, but the wasted bytes following it are still using up your cache. You can usually get the linker to either remove dead code or assist in its removal, though. "Nearly" dead code is the big pain (e.g. options that are never set but could be). Remember, the closed-source component is there because there has to be a place for the deliberately inserted NSA vulnerabilities (note the proposed use of Adobe). It's likely that this bizarre and unpopular decision is the result of some behind-the-scenes arm-twisting. I assumed that already happens. It certainly does on loyalty and store cards. Not entirely: the DRM code modules are necessarily closed-source and cannot easily be audited for security vulnerabilities. Given that Adobe is apparently supplying one, and given the number of remote exploits provided by the PDF reader plugin, I think it's reasonable to assume that the DRM modules can present a security risk. 1) Artists getting paid is not a consumer need. It's an artist need. It's also a middleman need; take a look at what fraction actually goes to the "artists" some time. 2) DRM is commercial control over hardware and software, as it's only available with "blessed" software. In some ways, this was a comparatively cheap way for the UK to discover that fixed exchange rates between economies must force the pressure into current account deficits instead; such as has happened to Portugal/Ireland/Greece/Spain. Falling out of ERM kept the UK out of the Euro, which was beneficial in the long run. So it's not native code? Interesting. Dunno, I suspect revolutionary socialism is out of fashion as a solution. All of them record every thing you pay for Unlike bitcoin, which records all of your transactions in a globally readable log? Bitcoin pseudonymity is weak unless you're very careful, and if people work out your wallet address(es) then you actually lose a lot of privacy. any two-bit hacker that ever breaches their security The personal data is somewhat vulnerable, but the actual money is more secure. For almost everyone, the bank computer is going to be more secure than their home PC. The UK has a bank regulator agency which isn't totally ineffective. Their main success was ending the sale of "payment protection insurance", which was overpriced and worthless in almost all cases. There's still a level of BS fees, worse for business bank accounts, but the general consumer experience is fairly good at the moment. country without any industry This description does not match the UK, no matter how many "manufacturing is dead" articles you read in the papers. Nazi apologia on HN? Seriouly? Exactly. Distance selling is very hard, as money and purchase change hands asynchronously at a distance and the purchaser can't inspect beforehand. The potential for error and fraud (on both sides!) is high, and realistically this requires the intervention of third parties to investigate and arbitrate disputes. .. Yes? In fact, read that table: ROI customers get charged for almost everything unless they have €3000 in their account for a whole quarter. NI customers pay nothing but "Non-standard / unusual transactions may attract charges". UK is somewhere in between: "Customers who keep a minimum of £250 in their account in any Charging month* qualify for free banking" Unsurprisingly, different countries(+) have different bank charging regimes. UK bank accounts are traditionally free and it's hard to attract customers by putting up prices. Instead banks push "advantage" accounts where you pay $10/month and get free travel insurance and other minor financial services. (+) do not mention the Ireland Act 1948 and make this complicated Yes and no; while the banks have avoided widespread compromise they often have weird password requirements or ham-fisted attempts to secure user's PCs with crapware like Trusteer Rapport: http://www.pcpro.co.uk/realworld/359617/is-hsbcs-security-so... For a while Santander's login system redirected my wife's account to a page with an expired HTTPS certificate. Then there's fun things like playing tetris or MITM attacks on the Chip and Pin terminals: http://www.saardrimer.com/sd410/pres/showandtell08.pdf (Obviously mtgox is worse, but my point is that banks tend to a proceduralist cargo-culty approach to security). Git is already entirely decentralised. People use github because it hosts nice webpages for them. I cannot understand what the point of ths is. At a guess, child porn which would make it illegal to posess? Where did you hear that? Inherently any analog system will be more vulnerable to noise. Also, they're not deterministic. if every web browser starts using less memory, everyone is worse off This is gibberish. There's still plenty of demand for denser memory. You don't have to pretend that wasting memory on Adblock is somehow driving the progress of humanity. Fine, we'll go back to the 1996 internet with far fewer ads. I note HN seems to be doing just fine without them. The "bad intentions" being presumably to make a web framework out of C strings, where every string operation is a potential security hole? (Actually I think this is hilarious, as an oldschool C programmer myself, but not for practical purposes)