I can make a fairly accurate guess of what type of scan an MRI scanner is running by the noise it makes. T2, PDFS, T1, types of gradient echoes etc. I'm not alone in this and know a fair few people who can. I have managed to tell when a scan is badly set up with this technique too, really surprises people! It still used a lot. And they still leak. Or ingestion - I imagine fluid exchanges become a bit worse... Houses were cheap in your Dads day/country! Here in New Zealand average house costs are about 9.5x average wage. I think the average New Zealanders wage would make a US woman feel good. Sources: http://stats.govt.nz/browse_for_stats/income-and-work/Income... http://www.qv.co.nz/onlinereports/propertyvaluemap.htm America certainly isn't the good guy in the middle east. If there is a measure that puts America ahead I'd like to hear it. This is not, however, a defense of Iran. Can everyone involved be the bad guy? Given that the NYT is reporting that top secret documents were just left in a trailor in Iraq by the ton, I suspect that it's more likely the drone was landed in Iran by accident. I believe it's related to this. Try leaning into the bore fast then pulling your head out, fast. Many people lose their balance temporarily. Something to do with inducing currents in the fluid in the inner ear I believe. A smaller version of the effect causes the sensation that you are moving when you lie still in the bore. Edit: can't get the link easily as am on iPad, but google "MRI eddy currents" and watch a slab of aluminium fall Projectile injuries are one issue. Heating, induced current, hearing loss are others. FDA is investigating setting up a registry for safety problems to help reduce the frequency of accidents. http://www.auntminnie.com/index.aspx?sec=sup_n&sub=bai&#... . There are some shockers out there. Metal detectors on doors etc. Stopping the guy with a pacemaker is important too. If 'democratically elected' is a description that can be applied to the method via which Bush Junior made it to office then your question becomes even more ludicrous. I could be wrong here, but those rates appear to be just for the US. I think I read somewhere that only about half of what Apple has is sitting in the US ($66 billion comes to mind). It's worse than that. Add in that the FBI accompanied New Zealand police (or, according to our quasi national paper "led the raid") and it feels a whole lot worse. http://publicaddress.net/hardnews/the-mega-conspiracy/ That's a point of view that law enforcement seem to hold. Illogical and yet never questioned in print media, except by the likes of Robert Fisk. I thought photostream was something that happened when on wifi only. Presumably numerous cities around half the world had warm winters. We had a wet, cold summer down here. Damn, I nearly bought one but didn't get round to it and now I probably never can. Would pay a premium for one now. Good spotting, I assumed a typo and skimmed on. I was imagining some kind of unknown-to-me efficiency in super light space ships.. Decommission is brutally expensive too. When it by earthquake/tsunami I know which plant I'd prefer to be near. The pacific rim would not seem ideal for nuclear power. Robert Fisk sprung to mind immediately when you said that. What ever anyone thinks of his politics, he does manage to convey things from a viewpoint at the scene of the event. That's a great comment. I have a thought that a few American civilians were killed (Pearl Harbour and some kind of hot air balloon bombs from Japan I seem to recall), but having the majority of the population have no idea what you experienced has got to make it harder. Paul Ham, Kokoda. It made me feel sick reading it. And I had never heard of it until someone gave me the book. Closest thing to hell I can imagine. Are you joking? The area is unsafe, and it seems it will be for a fair while. Guess you don't know anyone who has been evacuated. Fuel was a big (bigger?) problem. Albert Speer was an organizational genius and plane production (unsure about tanks etc) was actually increasing despite the bombardment. Lack of fuel and pilots scuppered the air force. I'd love to post the graph I can't find, but this Wikipedia article gives GDP versus year. Until 1945 German output was increasing. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_production_during_Wo... A gay friend had a house warming party years ago and my wife and I turned up. We were the only straight people there out of probably 50 guests and I heard someone say "breeders" as we arrived. It took a second to get it and It didn't feel good. I felt more alien than the numerous times we have been overseas and not been able to speak the local language. And when I consider that the people there would all have had comments made against them at some point I had a slight inkling what life could have been like. Cost, complexity, difficulty, perceives trouble bonding, how?, risks, issues with the child's family. There are some. It's weird and may relate to different Things being measured, but UK decommissioning seems to be vastly more expensive than US decommissioning. Judging by news coverage anyway. Edited for spelling. If you have heart issues and you have a period with no heart beat, even just seconds, the feeling of sudden silence is striking. I think it's likely that people just aren't aware that they can hear their heart beat all the time. It might just be me though, but I suspect not as I mentioned how quiet everything went to a cardiologist who didn't seem surprised. RCDs are required throughout the house in New Zealand now (used to be bathroom only). They work. I tried angle grinding a metal bar, and it's link to the extension cord fell in a puddle I was standing in. Power clicked off thank god, and I became ok with the re-wiring cost. RCDs are the best. It doesn't do anything on (ironically) my iPhone. And if your area supports evergreen trees, leaves aren't an issue. It does usually take a little money upfront, but otherwise, yes, it's free. Yes. I think owning versus renting/tenanting/being housed may have a lot to do with this. Why go the the effort of planting trees and spending your time on your landlords garden. So given that he didn't release Instapaper early on Android, what should he have done? Stayed away? Given he wasnt on the platform, is not going to it all a better move or not? That source says that that money is over the apps lifetime. So divide that by 4 (?) and its starting to become more limited. EDIT to include the quote (the low end of the scale starts to make things quite tight by my guestimating): >>> TL;DR: Final estimate is somewhere between 0.15% to 0.60% of the iOS market, netting it somewhere between $875k to $2.3m for the duration of its existence (not yearly) http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2010/11/does-palin-want... And another reason to be cynical, check out the labour cost on this consumer device made in China - iPhone. The savings made via further automation would be basically meaningless. I'm willing to bet that label brand clothes have far higher profit margins than i-devices too. www.asymco.com/2012/02/26/iphone-sine-qua-non/ Here in New Zealand we have The Consumer Guarantees Act. The beauty of it is that the item is covered for as long as a reasonable person would expect (or something like that), and is suitably vague about how long this. Here is a case where a 4 year old computer was repaired at the manufacturers expense. buying extended warranties is kind of a waste here, as complaing to a government agency may well get you the same result, for free (it has worked for me). http://www.consumerblogs.org.nz/tech/2009/04/squaring-up-to-... Having the US sign up to the international criminal court would remove a fair few skeptics, and would keep the wooly left at bay. My reset attempt went unanswered too, and this occurred when setting up an account on an iPad after having login automatic for months (?years). In the end, after several reset attempts I made a new account. > A red hot, pea-sized piece of rock then hit his hand before bouncing off and causing a foot wide crater in the ground. From this, the audio is worth listening to. http://www.nzhistory.net.nz/media/sound/oxford-union-debate I took it to mean that by and large there is no support for nuclear weapons by New Zealanders. Can the down voters elaborate? Gawd, you were thinking a a higher level than me. I was remembering gluing a CPU fan to a 2 stroke scooter and being impressed how much better it made it (it went from extremely underpowered to very underpowered). I probably ruined the motor, but it sure was fun. What percentage of android devices will that decision affect though? Not a lot for quite a long time I suspect. Do in terms of the affect on the user, it seems a relevant problem >>I have been accused of a habit of changing my opinions. I am not myself in any degree ashamed of having changed my opinions. What physicist who was already active in 1900 would dream of boasting that his opinions had not changed during the last half century? In science men change their opinions when new knowledge becomes available. http://m.nbr.co.nz/opinion/we-have-meet-enemy-and-he-us-judg... http://tvnz.co.nz/national-news/dotcom-judge-calls-us-enemy-... After more reading, I'm struggling to find fault in the reporting. The judge is part of a pressure group who are anti the Trans Pacific Partnership, a deal which seem bent on forcing US interlectual property law on NZ. From the NBR report I linked >>District Court Judge David Harvey said New Zealanders had to realise the TPP would affect their everyday lives, too. He gave the example of how, today, many DVD players let you play discs designating for other regions – a practice that is legal under the Copyright (New Technologies) Amendment Act 2008 but which would be criminalised under the TPP. (Some may find Judge Harvey's sustained attack on the US negotiating position intriguing in the light of the fact he is also a pivotal player in the Kim Dotcom extradition saga). An Australian government representative gave another potential everyday example from the floor: low-cost, third-party inkjet printer refill cartridgess becoming illegal. All af the above examples could occur if the US gets its desired section (or "chapter") on IP (intellectual property) included in the final version of the TPP. Judge Harvey summed up, "We have met the enemy, and he is the US" http://publicaddress.net/hardnews/judge-harvey-my-part-in-hi... Russell Brown's take. I think youre right, but Im not sure... Could it be that he meant what was quoted, but was misquoted? He was being tongue in cheek? http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/features/2010/1007.blake.ht... Interesting read about a great invention wasted. I was a student representative on a disciplinary committee at tertiary level, and was left a bit disbelieving at how bad plagiarism was, and how weak the penalties were. I pushed hard for a system whereby the first offense required the work to be resubmitted, and the second offense would require resisting the whole paper (the next year). I was the only voice calling for harsher penalties though, and nothing changed. A country to country comparison would be nice. Is there any reason why the US would suffer less from plagiarism? It rains? Edit: am I misunderstanding your question? It wasn't after years of operation. The article states that the system was brand new. That damn account password kills me. A single password which you have to enter heaps of times on iOS. If having one password meant you only entered it once id cope, but its for email, iCloud, imessage, home sharing music, home sharing video, notes, find my phone, AppStore. It's so slow to set a device up, especially if you have a decent pasword. I wish they would fix it. See update to story, it wasn't brute forced it seems. I know. But if I could enter it once as some kind of 'log into everything' option it would be great. It's so annoying to do on phone, iPad, laptop, appletv etc that I change my password too rarely as its so painful. Nasty aftershocks too (oh, so I have to find the appletv remote i to enable my account so that I can accept my phone as the remote). How? It is worse than under Bush Jr? It's funny you would say that. I got a distinct 'uh oh' feeling when Gitmo wasn't promptly closed. However New Zealand perspectives on these things tend to differ from US views. I assume you are American I have never heard Auckland described as walkable. It's easily the worst city I have been to in that regard, unless you have a car, you're pretty much stuck. It's a pretty flattering article about home I'd say. The area you describe is nowhere near the outer edge. It's not even the edge of the CBD. Keep in mind that Auckland covers a vast area of nearly 5000 square km. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auckland_Council There are centres all over the place, north, south, east, west, and most are worth visiting and have very different tastes to them. I came off very negative in my first post, I love Auckland, but it's chronic lack of decent transport options is problematic. Edit: typo I suspect you encountered racism outside of Auckland? I have been surprised by attitudes in the South Island, where non-white people seemed to surprise the locals. New Zealanders travel. The majority of those people will return. This statement is based on experience, not data. Everyone seems to leave, and all seem to return. Edit: It sounded like I was disagreeing with your figures, I wasn't. New Zealanders buy houses Instead if other investments (to the frustration of numerous finance ministers). The housing market dipped only fractionally with recent world events, and basically sits where it was in 2007 at the moment. Kiwis love houses. I agree (some seem not to). However the courts are whittling away the crown case, and both the police and the FBI have got explaining to do. This current government brown noses the US somewhat but compared the other countries, we are positively independent. It's been busy of late and I don't even bother taking in lunch anymore. A complete absence of successful lunches is a bad thing. Travelators (is that what they are called?) in airports always get me going. Walking the wrong way on themmoon strangely fun. Moon walking for the guy who can't dance. I want to understand the down votes.. As a parent of one young child, I find discipline the hardest aspect of being a parent. Holy hell it twists me in knots trying to work out when to draw the line, when to ignore and when to warn. Luckily my wife is better at this. That's a great metric. Was trying to measure The East India Company by this metric, but it's surprisingly hard to do so. Please elaborate on a few of these aspects (again!). Thanks if you do. Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian. Another bonus of this choice is health. My wife and I made it through various third world countries without food poisoning as the travelers around us fell Ill. It could be coincidence, but considering that it was the only dietary difference, I doubt it. Well cooked vegetables only. It's worth considering when food safety is an issue. What about the intensive questioning on how you get protein. I do t think I've every asked anyone anything like this. Is there anything more boring? My instant thought is backstreet barbequed guinea pig that's been on a warmer for days, with people picking thir choice with bare hands. Peru has amazing vegetarian food luckily! I couldn't even guess the episode, but Marco has stated on is 5by5 podcast that he doesn't collect user information and only dips into user information grudgingly. I'd be surprised if this came from him as according to his statements he finds holding any user information that could be described as private unpleasant. This is all based on recollection however. Still cant find the podcast, but here is what Marco says the FBI tool, quoted from the Instapaper blog about a year ago: >>The server was used as a MySQL replication slave, handling read-only queries to speed up the site. Instapaper suffered no downtime as a result of its theft and no data has been lost. Further down: >>Possibly most importantly, though, the FBI is now presumably in possession of a complete copy of the Instapaper database as it stood on Tuesday morning, including the complete list of users and any non-deleted bookmarks. (“Archived” bookmarks are not deleted. “Deleted” bookmarks are hard-deleted out of the database immediately.) Instapaper stores only salted SHA-1 hashes of passwords, so those are relatively safe. But email addresses are stored in the clear, as is the saved content of each bookmark saved by the bookmarklet. The server also contained a complete copy of the Instapaper website codebase, but not the codebase of the iOS app. Linked Facebook, Twitter, or Tumblr accounts only store their respective OAuth keys. Linked Evernote accounts only store the Evernote email-in address. Linked Pinboard accounts, however, store plaintext usernames and encrypted passwords, and the encryption keys are present in the website source code on the server. http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2012/09/17/120917fa_fact_... Isn't this likely to result in bad things happening to Instapaper? If this messes up Instapaper for people who are careful to visit NYT infrequently and save stories to Instapaper (me!) then I'll be unhappy. I used to use this theory. I now prefer summer, sun and rock hard clay (had to sledge hammer the spade in for the first few cm). Why? Because the destruction you cause tramping clay everywhere is terrible - 2 or 3 kgs stays attached to you and you can't even shake it off the spade. No one who digs clay (as opposed to soil/sand where I don't really have an opinion) would choose to do it in the wet. My 2c. Now I'll go back (quite literally) to finishing this trench before the rain arrives. With the low average pay in India, how did he afford to do it. Did he have his expenses paid by someone else? Food, housing, equipment and (maybe?) power/water. Those costs, while potentially small where he lives, have to add up over decades. It would be interesting to see stats compared between 'socialized' systems (we call it the public system) and private systems. When everyone has the same boss (Minister of Health) and is working within the same rules and guidelines it must do something to the stats. We do have a private healthcare service, but its basically restricted to simpler day stay (or slightly longer stays) surgery and less complex procedures. There are no private emergency healthcare hospitals here that I know of. New Zealand is the country. The system is far from perfect here, but I'm yet to learn of a system I'd prefer. Great link. It's interesting how $ spent seems not to correlate with life expectancy - as noted by the person who wrote the article. It's funny. I know of numerous cases of borderline corruption here. They may be legit, but they sure as hell run close to the line. I struggle to imaging what happens in a country considered to be 'actually corrupt'. As this government would do absolutely anything to get closer to the US, I suspect you're not right. Even the previous government tried fairly hard (troops to Afghanistan for example), but this time it's shameless. Sorry, terrible phrasing, and I can't seem to edit it. >>As this government would do absolutely anything to get closer to the US, I suspect nothing will come of any investigation. Even the previous government tried fairly hard (troops to Afghanistan for example), but this governments pandering is shameless. The Dotcom case being a prime example. Edit: spelling Macro comments that his grandparents don't want/shouldn't have to spend time dicking around with apple IDs. No one should have to. It's awful. Email, music sharing, itunes match, App Store, iMessage, FaceTime, iCloud, notes, and likely others. Getting an iOS device or mac to have fully functioning services usually takes me weeks to achieve (oh, that email account isn't arriving for some reason) as random things that worked just seem to stop working when peculiarities of personal account functionality are encountered. Why on earth the initial setup can't have an initial chance to enter apple I'd one, then a list of services to turn on. And if for some reason a password reset has to happen it's just terrible trying to get all the devices in the house working again (don't lose Apple TV remote...) is hours of work, and is so bad the password changes are a killer. Please Apple, save us, I'm more than 50 years younger and I don't want this either. That's my main gripe, if you have multiple email addresses that feed into one account, and like to email out from a variety of addresses its ugly. Really really ugly. Mainly because iCloud hates you sending a message that doesn't appear as an apple address. If IOS 6 is better than 5 in regard to initial Apple ID I couldnt really judge as most my settings carried over from my ios5 install, thankfully, but iTunes Match lost its setup, and home sharing too and the remote app is now broken for me on iPhone. However if setting up a new device has been improved/fixed. THANK YOU. And to add to that. Broke into his home to steal his diary without noticing that they were outside of their jurisdiction. When they mentioned this oversight to the Acting Prime Minister, he forgot to pass it on to the Prime Minister (who may have been somewhat distracted fending off attacks on another minister who broke the law accepting campaign funds from the guy who broke into the video store). It does, but given that its quite hard to tell the TSA guys from police (well, it was for me) as their uniforms and behavior certainly seem police-ish, it's bad. They appear like police, behave like police, but when confronted with a situation they can exploit, 10% of the time (in a crazy small sample) they will exploit you. People in positions of authority receive harsher treatment on New Zealand law if they abuse their positions. I hope it's the same in the US. Something that has hit me more times than is ideal is opening times. A surprising number of travel guides do odd things like say 'open Tuesday to Sunday, closed 1st Sunday of the month.' At a quick skim its easy to miss the 2 key things, closed some Sundays, closed all Mondays. And unhelpfully the format of the information is often inconsistent within the same publication. Invariably the info is out of date anyway, and prices are considerably higher than the guides states. We usually used Lonely Planet or Rough Guide, but the lack of up to date opening times was a continual pain (out of date prices is annoying, but you can spend more and get in, but if the place is closed, you're stuck). Heathrow has always been terrible for me - except once, when I entered the UK from New Zealand without showing anyone my passport. I didn't even get it out my bag. This was pre 9/11 but it weirded me out so much that I nearly walked back to check with someone that all was ok. Now that is a feature. I'd happily download my home town and run it offline always. Waiting for 3g cell reception to get the map to see where you're to go next is very tedious. That's funny. My workplace has a lot of very very expensive gear, and I never got a key. The roller grill is the type you see in malls and arcades. Any small key will get me in, and once a small spoon did too. That's the point being made, there doesn't appear to be a source that allows any sort of comparison - how may of X or Y were sold? The article gives neither. Am I missing something? Safari is the big winner according the article with a gain of 0.16%, but IE6 gained 0.3%. Am I reading this wrong? Surely IE6 would be the big winner in this (flawed, as reading above comments suggests) study. I drink very little and the effect of that on other people is quite marked. It's seems to be seen as some sort of judgement of people if you drink nothing or very little compared to them. As an outside observer, the effect of white collar crime would appear to have hit Americans far harder than the crime discussed here - and it's effects have been felt world wide too. Behaviors allowed and encouraged in big banking have been very destructive to lives. And I'll make a safe net that the perpetrators lived in so-called good areas. So while worrying about being car-jacked in the badlands, behavior in the good lands sees your company fail, job lost and car repossessed. Perhaps a touch overwrought, but another angle to consider. Has Apple ever made any acquisition even a portion this size? It would be a pretty big difference between Jobs Apple and Cook Apple to make a purchase this big. Given that the likely targets would be maps and patents, the rest of the business wouldn't be of much value surely? But winding up a company Nokia's size would be a brutal hit that would inflict a lot of damage in many different areas - to Apple almost as much as Nokia I'd guess. Edit: Auto predict. Sigh Out of curiosity, is such a move legal? Is there some sort of requirement that one bid in good faith or some such concept? As that would be a fairly nasty thing to do. Surely it would be easier to find error than to prove fraud. I feel I am missing something that is obvious... Less bothered about the spying than about what happens with the information obtained - which of those 2 countries has kidnapped people recently then tortured them and sometimes killed them in the process? Or alternatively, just fired off missiles, dismissing the collateral deaths. I'd far sooner be spied on by either country than have them suspect me of anything. There are no good guys to be seen in this story. Has China kidnapped or assassinated people outside of China (or within) in recent memory? Obviously the US has, but is China just better at hiding it? What is your experience of business/government dealings? If you have spent time working within Chinese companies or have an understanding through some other means your thoughts would be very interesting to hear. The US doesn't value a free market unless its in its own interest. As a New Zealander I am very familiar with the way the US blocks New Zealand meat and diary products whist subsidizing its own, inefficient industries. Free trade may be preached, but it isn't practiced. Having just built a bathroom, I can say that in my situation, confused people spend way more money. Certainty with decisions is way cheaper in a building scenario. Upfront and honest? He has been caught out lying about key dates when he found out about Dotcom spying, and according to today's paper his revised story is a lie too, as there may be a tape recording of him mentioning something about it considerably earlier. http://m.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objec... I actually do see articles in the above veins often, and they are very interesting and appreciated. They often get called off topic too, but the guidelines for HN clearly allow them and actually encourage them. Marco of Instapaper had most of one of his recent podcasts on this subject. As a non-US listener I was surprised at the cost. It is jaw droppingly expensive to get health insurance. Surely the inefficiency in the system alone is a strong argument for almost any other system? The years lived per dollar spent graphs usually get busted out about now. The health data base is very well protected from what I know. And access is strictly monitored. If patient notes are viewed by someone who does not need to view them, they face harsh discipline. I recall a case from when I used this database a long time ago. In terms of high profile issues with it, the current eel-in-arse story is going to result in action and this is being done via the systems user tracking. http://m.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objec... Edited for spelling They seem to have been warned multiple times, here is someone saying they warned the department a year ago. http://m.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objec... If you just kept an eye out for recent updates and looked to see who had added them you could totally beat someone to a scoop. Or am I missing something? I was gutted when Bungie was bought by MS. It was the end of the Marathon series which was a killer Mac game. Story, puzzle, action (that grenade launcher, dual shotguns...). I have never played Halo, but if it carried on anything like the experience Marathon had I really should. I'm in New Zealand and haven't been into a bank once in 6 years (well, I did once but then found I could do what I wanted on the phone, so did). My wife and I have bought 2 houses and sold one 1 in this time. Papers signed at home by roving bankers and everything else by phone, email etc. Some things might require contact (business stuff?) but my stuff doesn't. I'm in New Zealand and haven't been into a bank once in 6 years (well, I did once but then found I could do what I wanted on the phone, so did). My wife and I have bought 2 houses and sold one 1 in this time. Papers signed at home by roving bankers and everything else by phone, email etc. Some things might require contact (business stuff?) but my stuff doesn't. Given that those suffering from the illness so often hate the medication (I say this based on having 2 or 3 people tell me this, which is hardly data), doesn't that indicate how bad the medication is? If the disease is felt to be better (by some) than the treatment then we aren't doing very well. That's rather narrow minded. If a country has a large prison population there are more people to blame than just those in the prison. Try that link from an iPhone. I love small type usually, but that's a little small. Yes, Instapaper is what I should have done. Thanks for sharing that. It isn't just the US that is a bit average where mental health is concerned. Isn't giving out tickets in a high accident area is exactly what should happen? Tickets in a low accident area must surely be less likely to change accident rates? Color was introduced to the iPod touch a few weeks back, so maybe. Maybe the writer should email the CEO or whoever it was that a week or 2 back was announcing Paypal's brave new era of happiness, joy and customer service. Paywalled. Yes. Additionally, blocking access past 100k also stops one client from being the-tail-that-wags-the-dog too. Imagine a dispute where Twitter faced blocking the chosen mode of access to a significant percentage of users, or caving to the client owner. I don't get what is being discussed here. How is universal healthcare like fuel to a fire where cancer is concerned? I live in a country with universal care, so my perceptions will obviously differ to others, but I'm totally not getting what is being discussed. Was the Doc in the ambulance? I thought he was in phone contact? But your point remains. Another unfortunate effect of this is that the rest of the world follows the US. The system here in New Zealand, socializes the costs associated with medical mistakes, paying for costs and lost earning for patients. Our system isn't perfect, far from it. But it gets eroded somewhat by the extremely defensive medicine that is practiced in the US that is trickling in here, leading to higher costs and worse practice. Blood test, scan, rescan, more expensive scan. Oh wait, it's just a cough. More tests doesn't equal better care. Each carries its own risks and has a monetary cost. Where I work, about $700 US. It's not a great test, despite excellent radiologists and brand new equipment as whole body imaging is far lower resolution than localized imaging (its about 1500 pixels by 250 in resolution versus 512x512 when just your knee is done using an educated guess). Not a good idea. Unproven as a technique, very expensive, very low resolution when whole body imaging is performed, will miss important stuff, and generate unnecessary biopsy procedures. Population screening is a vastly complicated area - for example, what would a whole body MRI be looking for. Name the process(s) and there will be a better way, even if its a scan of a smaller body site, the results will be vastly superior. Dedicated coils, established imaging protocols etc. No, not now, maybe in the future (with regards to MRI). Even with breast imaging where MRI provides great results, routine screening is only shown to be helpful in those genetically predisposed to disease. Generating masses of biopsy procedures, untold stress, misdiagnoses, botched procedures etc. The false positive rate for MRI is currently too high in breast imaging for it to be a routine tool, let alone whole body imaging with the pitfalls in the technique. Image fusion software exists that does this, allowing you to mere images and emphasis areas of difference (usually used for allowing comparison of different imaging modalities such as CT and PET, rather than same modality over time. The trouble is, people are never, ever in the same position (different breath hold, mobile organs move, people lie in different positions, get taller, shorter, more bent etc) , and, more importantly, are the changes seen problematic or normal? In the case were a big mass has appeared, its easy. But that is easy to spot without software help. If a software technique is to emphasis small malignant changes early on, it's going to have to be very clever and be better than (or help improve the abilities of) some very clever people. Edit: sorry, I do realize that this doesn't quite address what you said. Your suggestion would be very hard to implement I suspect, but is better than what I discussed. Better than what I said. And your last point flows into socializes versus privatized care quite quickly, where fear of litigation drives further testing, which creates a positive feedback loop. The more you test for the more you need to test for. In an exceptionally cynical view of private healthcare by S. Sheem, House of God, he says Rule 10: If you you don't take a temperature you can't find a fever. There are quite a few gems in there for those with a dark sense of humour. Your point number one occurred in New Zealand too. And the US is pressuring the NZ government to abandon its very successful drug purchasing agency as part of a free trade agreement. Having one agency purchase drugs for 4 million people creates a fair bit of bargaining power, which US companies do not like. A dollar spent on healthcare is not "productive". What do you base this statement on? Well run public healthcare programmmes are exceptionally cost effective. Cancer screening, childhood immunisations, dental, eye and hearing screening for children, free doctors visits for children. These are all things people around me use on a routine basis. They have a real and measurable effect on productivity for us all and do save money. All these healthcare programmes and many, many more, aren't run for the sake of smiles and happiness. They save dollars, lives and increase productivity. It's amazing what a wall socket will do under duress. I was drilling a hole in an exterior wall and accidentally draped the power cord into a puddle at the exact point where the drill cord met the extension. I got a big shock (I had contact with the puddle) with some effort dropped the drill that I was sort of force clenching, and ran/stumbled inside and turned off the mains. I couldn't work out why the fuse didn't blow until I pulled it out. Someone had stuck a paper clip across it, presumably after running out of fuse wire. The extension lead had welded its contacts to the drill lead as well. A lucky/unlucky combo that has taught me a lesson in electrical safety. Exactly. And as I mentioned elsewhere in discussion, its hard to emphasize enough how low resolution full body imaging is compared to local area imaging. It's really bad. Slices of 7mm or so in thickness versus 3ish mm. Like all sorts of things, in imaging there is a relationship between the quality of the question and the quality of the answer. Have I got something wrong with me? Versus Have I got a HCC of the liver? One is more easily answered than the other. If those were equal, do you think Microfoft would catch up or overtake Apple? Wonder if AMD would be able to fill/partially fill a custom Apple chip order given that rumours suggest they are shopping about for a supplier? Please don't spare the New Zealand government. It is shameful how far politicians and police here went out of their way to try and impress. Pathetic, weak and disgusting. We have laws too, and a fair few were broken by NZ agencies. Have been thinking about this and wondered about suicide. Assuming you count 100% of suicides as relating to mental health related deaths (which I personally don't), it wouldnt take too many young people taking their lives to lower the population average lifespan. However alone suicide wouldn't take that many years off the average. Profits with openness. How many phones did Samsung sell? I suggest reading Asymco before backing that idea with cash. His stats on cell phone makers which are down on their luck is sobering. My short (and hopefully not too inaccurate summary) is that once a cell phone maker stops making money, they never recover. Edit for spelling I've read about their opaque structure before, and the relationship between big business and the South Korean government. Dark and murky. It's rather fascinating. Wish I could remember the article source. On the subject of trolling, isn't the very store he went into some kind of meta-troll. Built to be encountered before the Apple store is reached, copying layout and staffing concepts, trying to divert people from buying iPads, coyly calling the competition (iPad) a tablet, rather than name it. I think that there is a reasonable augment to be made that Microsoft is trolling Apple. The smart cover keyboard though, that's a definite win however I look at it. I'm surprised you use the battery up fast. I find charging mine annoying too - mainly because I so rarely have to do it that I don't have a set pace to do it (damn, I have to unplug the phone, wonder there I put the other charger). I seems to last an age on one charge. Its used pretty much 100% for reading and browsing. Well, you disagree with Microsoft. As an exec said here (sorry to link to BGR) http://bgr.com/2012/10/25/microsoft-executive-mundie-intervi... MS lead the way with tablets and touch based systems. If they were first, the surface isn't version 1. All good points. Clearly you have been reading him for longer than I. Perhaps his long term predictions are worse than I realised. Yes. Marcos article got slammed. It's hardly a data point, but people definitely get confused. A relative was telling me about her new iPhone, when I next met her, she pulled out her Samsung to show me it, still calling it an iPhone. This person isn't stupid, just isn't particularly tech literate. This is the fundamental point of the article... Enzyme on/off. I never got into the helpful staff thing. I dislike being helped when in shops. Clearly I have been in New Zealand too long. Something that really irked me in the US was the way taxes worked. I never knew what I was going to pay, as taxes weren't included in the label price. It wasn't a large percentage, but I never could quite understand why anyone would take the time to make a price label which showed a price different to what I would pay. Does anywhere else do this? i have travelled a fair bit and have never encountered it before (My US experience was limited to California I should note). Not sure if you have ever read about the system in Finland, but its fascinating. And very low on testing from my understanding. Searching for Finland on this education site is interesting http://www.edweek.org//search.html?prx=p&occ=p&qs1=F... How did you find the transition? That's an interesting pathway to have followed. There wouldn't be too many people who would be confident they could pick winner better than Jobs. Have you read about goings on in the UK print media over the last few months? There is a consistent pattern of behavior in Murdoch's empire within the UK. Tony Blair is the godparent of one of Mirdoch's children. Those two deserve each other with their insidious and seedy behavior. Profit may be a motivation for them both, however Murdoch is far more clever and manipulative than Blair and his agenda would hardly be hurt by having the PM as a godparent to his kid. Is that not what Jar Jar Binks was? Or did he escape from the Picar trash and appear in Star Wars. Doing some kind of tedious thing that you don't want to do in order to get an advantage in the future is kind of a good attribute isn't it? That's a fair summary of some of the papers I took as an undergrad anyway. The whole fake leadership thing that goes on in high school is pretty weak seeming other than this aspect in my opinion otherwise. I understood that there was a fair difference in viewable area - 49% when web browsing. I don't know what that means, and it sounds like a crappy stat, but I heard it somewhere. I think that misses the point, people with perfectly legal uses for mega upload services had their data hosed when mega uploads was shut down. How is Dropbox immune to this (it may be that it is, I have no idea). If someone else stores all your data, you are entirely in their hands. Or the new google maps. A 400 square km harbour down the road from me has just vanished. It's all land now. This reminds me of an article I read here ages ago on IBM's Black Team. It was (and is) fascinating to me. In case someone hasn't see it, www.t3.org/tangledwebs/07/tw0706.html. Discussed on HN here http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=985965 Yes they would. It might break our laws, but when there is a chance to try and impress the US, NZ politicians and bureaucrats are sure to take it. See the current Dotcom saga. I took it as a vaguely racist comment on how a non English speaker might say it. I must be overly sensative. Why does his level of education impact on this? He has made several intelligent and important people in New Zealand look rather stupid - so at a bare minimum he plays a shrewd political game. Nicely said. I have been pondering the comments and wondering if there is an over riding problem. From my (less than perfect) understanding of the US electoral system, it is possible to have a president elected who has been voted for by considerably less than half of valid votes. This part of the systems seems more broken to a non-US citizen than a (hopefully) single voting machine being caught on camera breaking. In my experience the English spoken in Singapore is as good as that spoken anywhere, although my time in Singapore wasn't that long. My earlier comment has obviously taken somewhat differently to how I meant it. Ahh, good point, exactly (and wow and having no hint of sarcasm as that is blindingly obvious now). Dropbox has this behaviour by default, yes. MacBook Air owners with piddling hard discs (me) may use it as a cloud only store by messing around in prefs, and then forget that it ever worked any other way. I know this misses the main attraction of Dropbox, but one day Ill have a decent disc and will restore it to its former glory. So you have used iTunes today as well? Are you in the US? The reason I ask is that your comment seemed reasonable to me (non-US) and yet you seem to be getting down voted so was wondering if this was a US/non-US divide showing. I haven't followed the lawsuits at all, but thought Apple won some of them. Surely you can't win a frivolous lawsuit? If the rate is anything like that of computers or other complex technical gear, they will need plenty of engineers. Nowhere near the number of people they are replacing on the production lines, but still not an insignificant number. Wish the pizza places near me would crack it. They are either terrible, or 2 hours wages for a nice one. Wish that went to me. Inbox overflowing. Yes. Wow yes. The interface is getting better, but its still awful. At least you can now return a missed call without going out the page, into contacts, and hunting the caller down. The OSX client is a whole other world of pain. FaceTime briefly looked like a promising replacement, but no. Works usually yes, but that isn't all a good service needs. I'd like to enjoy using it rather than getting Skype-rage. Interface, inability to block calls (from iOS at least), I'd better not start or I won't stop. When your history is as impressive as Microsoft's, being forced to take risks may well encourage innovation, however it would be nice if that article gave reasons why Woz thinks what he does. Here (NZ) Amex has higher fees than other cards, and until recently, they were way, way higher. Longest known stuck price. It used be be standard here to ask for $20 of petrol. That is all fine, but if you forget and do that now that petrol is expensive, you have to refill about a day later. Turns out equating an amount of petrol by a variable that continually changes (ie goes up) isn't such a good idea. I'm willing to bet NZers use less than the average. Data caps are very low (30-40gigs is standard, all you can eat is uncommon) and speeds firmly abysmal (3-4mb here off peak, I'm in the biggest city, Auckland, and am about 10-15 from the centre). I have spoken with people high up in the Ultra fast broadband rollout, and they have no idea. I work for a radiology company, and we would like to be able to have 1 gig files belonging to 20ish patients shuffled across town in a reasonable time frame. The UFB guy just didn't get it - orthopedic surgeons see patients for 15mins tops, and spending that waiting for imaging to arrive is somewhat useless. The guy was telling me how well YouTube works on his home UFB. Great. Edit: To be clear, the people I talked to had no idea, presumably the company as a whole does as the scale of the work they are doing is pretty huge, and there haven't been big issues as far as I am aware. I live in NZ and that was true once with some ISPs. I don't know of any companies that do it now. Some stuff is unmetered - usually stuff like on demand video which they get you to pay extra for as a package. Actually, my own plan doesn't charge for VoIP data (as far as I can tell), just a fixed fee. Not that VoIP would use much. If you were in New Zealand I'd ask you to get back in a year after it has rained a bit. Leaky building syndrome - cheap, fast, crap buildings that get toxic mold and fall apart. But if the building is any good, then yes, I can see that watching it would be disheartening. New Zealanders other than me come here! It's funny that the Waikato reference is used the same way in an international forum as a it would be on a New Zealand one. Edited to make sense. Judging by the video, growing anything on that land would be near impossible - it may be that this is often an issue? Surely the trip to collect the thing after it passes out the minefield is an issue, it could take days to retrieve. Surely the trip to collect the thing after it passes out the minefield is an issue, it could take days to retrieve. Surely the trip to collect the thing after it passes out the minefield is an issue, it could take days to retrieve. Surely the trip to collect the thing after it passes out the minefield is an issue, it could take days to retrieve. Not sure passive is the right word. Possibly not. Here in NZ lobbying goes on, and companies get named and shamed periodically, but while corruption exists (Dotcom case running close to the line with 1 or 2 MPs) it is very low by (the abysmal) international standards. Low corruption countries exists. I should really get a better link, but here is some info http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corruption_in_New_Zealand Exactly, and one can conclude that the dollars spent versus lives saved makes the waste seem even greater. Converting the TSA to bee control as mentioned above would lively save more lives (to take an extreme example). It's not at anywhere near that level, but I've been involved in PACS (online radiology result viewing) rollouts across hospitals three times (or 2.5 depending on how you define it), and it doesn't matter how well you train people, or how clever they are. If they aren't interested, they won't learn. Even if the new system is quicker or faster or better. Until you throw the printer out, everyone wants film. The cynic in me sees people, broadly, as untrainable. To quote a surgeon who does this operation: It is easier to dig a hole than build a pole. Einstein was quite capable of thinking outside the norm. It's lacking context, but this sure doesn't look good. I think Hitler falls into the category too - I seem to recall that his parents were distant cousins. The author comments that robots will likely surpass human abilities in threat/non threat differentiation. Given the appalling record in recent conflicts, that shouldn't be that hard to do better - a fair number of civilian deaths weren't unintentional. Is further mechanization really the solution though? Given the half hearted official reaction to atrocities, is a further degree of separation (ie the machine did it) going to help? Any idea how the International Criminal Court would view a signatory nation doing such things? I'd say its considerably more common than a carb conversion. At the end of a Mac's life I typically keep bunging RAM in to keep it as powerful as possible. I know several people who do the same. I'm with you. God knows the place needs help (no pun intended), but what its currently got isn't the help needs/wants. I don't pretend to have an answer, but what it's got seems to me to be further alienating the country. On the subject of annoying service stations/gas stations/petrol stations, the tirade that greets payment is now insane in New Zealand. Do you have fly buys? AA card? Discount vouchers? Would you like any of these sweets that are on special? A car wash? I know that the staff are told to ask these questions, but if they can find a way to make the service more irritating, I'd be slightly impressed. I'm guessing that Pakistan's influence once others have left is a bit of a concern. Were you in Afghanistan? He is not straight up in acknowledging failure. He is just quick to cut and run. Did you see any of the footage of him being interviewed about the phone hacking scandal? He is a mercenary liar and a cut throat businessman. There is little to admire in the way Murdoch behaves - ask Milly Dowler's family. Thanks. For those like me who had not. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/NSAKEY#section_2 6 = attempt to build something good on it? Regulations that are good for workers are important as far as I'm concerned too. And do play a factor in purchase decisions. Basically everyone is worker and consumer, so strengthening consumer and worker rights is good as far as I'm concerned. Nuclear weapons exist too, but rules and organizations exist to regulate them. Not without problems and failures, but drones need this sort of thing to help fix the bad collateral death/target ratio. And even then, state sponsored killing within a court system is controversial enough, outside of it? And while Iraq wasn't as predoomed, it would likely have been more human-life-efficient to have left it alone. Can I ask what your role was? US military? I'm always fascinated hearing American service men and woman having opinions similar to what I and those I know hold. The view we get from US dominated media is the extreme right, bomb and be gone sensational type stuff. Even a cursory reading of Afghan history gives a deep sense of the complexity of occupying the place. Not for New Zealand it isn't. We get no say in US politics yet the transpacific partnership is poised to force copyright issues to the benefit of US corporations. Even without the TPP we have the Dotcom saga, further weakening our laws won't help NZ. While that may be an issue at higher political levels (deaths make wars less popular), young people aren't put off by the risk of death, as armies have know for thousands of years. And given the description of the US military as being Americas social welfare system, is this for the greater good, or not? When the hoard plays nasty in Left for Dead, I can't say I can beat AI. No disrespect to soldiers? Seen the Abu Ghraib photos? It isn't the fact it was soldiers so much as the fact the people keep doing things like that, year in year out. The problem as I see it is that people will make the machines better at committing atrocities. When you say no, I assume you are referring to actual app updates and bug fixes as opposed to content updates? Not being a pedant, I had never thought of this aspect either. First comment I have seen saying this, and I know that there is more to some of the product changes than just a new plug, but it sure seems bold to call it a new product. Hell, my body is probably 50% new product compared to 2 months ago using that kind of measure. I'm picking that people will call something a Cook product when its faulty/broken/rubbish. Maybe I'm too cynical. Bin laden had legitimacy? I'd say that he did until he started organising the killing of people. It may not be relevant, but New Zealand must have one of the most robust and well controlled banking sectors in the world. The behavior seen internationally by financial firms has been mostly absent from New Zealand - South Canterbury Finance being an exception, and couple of few blue chip companies too. If your after a country with weak laws in which to set up a fraudulent financial country, New Zealand would be a poor choice. Spread over 4 pages. Thanks CNN. Interesting comments on the lawsuit - not sure that its quite the same being sued at your own company as it is being sued at Apple though. Wonder what other products are like that - I know I became interested in power usage after living in a solar powered house. 2 good points in there, and as a zombie fan, I'm ashamed of my horde failure. And the comment on exploits is sharp, has AI ever noticed exploits/cheating? How? I know how I start to suspect and start to confirm suspicions, but its not much more than recognition of suspicious patterns. As a counter to that view, my daughter needed an eye operation 3 weeks ago, squint correction, 2 muscles on each eye. Saw the specialist, operation 8 days later. If I'd had a choice of date it would have been further away. New Zealand, tax payer funded (so not free as such), socialised cost. Successful operation. Edit: auto correct issues This is a good point - making fun of users of a product is a strange way to tempt them over. Samsung's advert making fun of a queue of iPhone buyers is similar in this respect. Notably, Apple adverts don't usually (ever? I have a distant memory of a failed apple campaign that did?) make fun of users of a competing product. I know the feeling. I can't stand the herald, but how else do you know what's going on Ahh, that's because CDs are broken technology and should never be allowed into ones house or possession. Is it Apple that not letting it into the App Store? I thought that this was just speculation? The reason maps changed was, as I understood it, not just due to Apple, as google wouldn't give access to 'the good data' - vector based maps. Te Manukau harbour was removed from New Zealand by Google. And that's a huge thing to get wrong. Neither Apple nor Google have New Zealand sorted at all. Plugged in a N64 a year or so ago. Then spent a good 10mins fiddling with and cleaning the plugs while a friend commented on my progress. At that point it dawned on us that it wasn't broken. Golden Eye and Super Mario Cart really did have graphics that were that bad - and we loved it just as much. Its rather different, but we are doing a load of outpatient healthcare work for an overworked public health board. Often calling patients multiple times over several days (on cell phone and landline) produces no contact with the person we are after. Posting a letter asking them to call us nearly always works. It's a slow process, but even when you know where someone lives, getting hold if them is hard. Great point and an obvious solution once its thought of - annoying to change when already committed though.. I take it 12/11/12 is a December date, not the November one that it is by convention here... I missed that and assumed a month had been given, as screen grabs show November dates. Not sure it applies everywhere, but non-immigrants receiving under the table pay would dwarf the number of immigrants doing the same in New Zealand. Could you expand on that please? Surely there is some kind of protection against 20 hour shifts for $20? How are workers protected? Given the vast differences in smart phone use (such as iOS web use stats versus android), how meaningful is this? If a smart phone is being used as a dumb phone (feature phone in marketing speak), it seems a touch meaningless to use stats like these to show that Microsoft is declining. It's not that I'm saying Microsoft's relevance is declining, it's that stays like these may not mean anything. Taken a step further, surely a low cost phone being used as a dumb phone is actually a point against Google, due to development costs and no monetary gain for Google. Abuse of anything is bad, but I am with you on the alcohol versus marijuana debate. The destruction wrought by alcohol is more obvious to me year to year. Friends and colleagues caught up in its abuse and the damage it does is terrible to watch. Exactly right. But did you using your spoon make 27 fat who didn't want to be? Then why is this problem more prevalent in America? I know this sounds like baiting, it isn't. Surely gun laws come into it, even if they aren't the root cause (they aren't IMHO). I get your point (weapon is too destructive). But it's not quite that bad. Both Hiroshima and Nagasaki seem alright now. That's a ludicrous argument. There is a fairly good correlation with gun control and welfare states - I wonder if gun control is a communist plot. Is it France that has some kid of law like this? Here in New Zealand papers have some kind of thing where suicides aren't usually reported where young people are concerned. I believe this relates to something the Ministry of Health organises. How well what? And why does one have to go back? Compare now to now. I think your phrasing that wrong. If gun deaths are the problem, then guns are, by definition, going to be part of the problem. However their may be contributing or even bigger problems involved. New reports say that other guns were found - some kid of rifle left in the car r something like that. I wasn't at all, but I was unclear. I was pointing out that nuclear weapons don't cause places to be uninhabitable for eternity. It is quite clearly incorrect. This is not a reason to use them however. The atomic raids ands the firebombing of Japan are most definitely up there as war crimes. It ever ceases to amaze me how stuck America is where it's constitution is concerned. It's hundreds of years old and never imagined times like now. Change it. Those that wrote it would have changed it if it didn't suit them. Do the same. I cry foul. Massive numbers of mothers can't breast feed. And frankly, if its hard, don't bother. Give the child formula, be a happier person and the child will be better off for that alone. The pressure to breast feed is huge and considering that there are far bigger problems - why bother? My wife couldn't breast feed for long and felt terrible for it and was under pressure from almost all corners to carry on. But once she stopped the child, her and me were happier. Do what suits without fear. Considering that life expectancy, quality of life and opportunities for better life are all somewhat better than historically, I for one like the current way of the world. I say this comparing it to what was, not to what it could be. Far too many people (a majority?) have far too little. I've just waved off my grandparents at the airport. My grandfather is the last living of his 14 siblings. 7 made it out of a childhood of abuse, poverty and neglect. Edinburgh in the 1940s sounds like a hell if you were poor. Edit: autocorrect error. Great comment. Wow steam engines are great, and at small scale they are even better. Dual action, those centrifugal governors, and the smell of that lubricant oil mixed with hot water. I'd never before considered messing about with small steam engines to be hacking... That used to waste many an afternoon. Don't fuse the safety valve though, that's a bad way to get power and eye brow re-growth takes ages and annoys one's mother. I'm wiling to bet you could, and for a lot of money. If you did have the above mentioned robot to make it a push-button exercise, I'm pretty sure that there would be farmers on with prominent fields near motorway and tourist site willing. It's almost green advertising, 100% biodegradable and with a reusable robot. No. Nothing is sacred. Would be interesting to know if the dropouts were more likely to use one platform or another. Not that it would necessarily mean anything. Is it really possible that Apple orders aren't seen or discussed across divisions on or off the record? It seems very unlikely that the phone guys have no idea what Apple is up to. Now you know what Dell should really do for their stockholders... Really? I know this is a subtly different thing but is it possible to name a company that has always delivered what it said it would when it said it would? Apple would be my nearest candidate, but they have messed up here. Wonder what happens when the patient has multiple pacing nodes - does it organise to make one (correct!) or go back to having ectopic nodes (oh dear). Pretty impressive either way, but the research mountain here must be huge. I was and still am mystified at the Starbucks business here in New Zealand. The chain doesn't seem to be doing great (link below). However whenever I go past their store in K-road it looks very busy. Yet it is near some great independent coffee stores. I'd argue that some of the competition nearby is world leading. Theatre cafe for example. It is within a stones throw and its owner, Chris Priestly, is the former owner of Atomic coffee - a New Zealand coffee institution. The independent cafes and very small chains here are amazing, yet people still go to Starbucks. I know I'm missing something, because those people who go there see something I don't. http://nzherald.co.nz/business/news/article.cfm?c_id=3&o... This reply is addressed to Ars as well as both points are good and similar. I assume you both mean that synchronization occurs across the infected cells? Or do you mean that it occurs across the patient's heart whether or not infected? Ectopic nodes seem to fire randomly or upon certain triggers/stressor and thereby lose synchronization (otherwise how would one a patient be diagnosed). It would be handy if the virus rewired poorly wired hearts to be better. as a percentage, the improvement isnt all that different, and going from terrible to bad is presumably easier than when rates are just poor to start with. That said, your data paints USA in a worse light than a brief skim read of Google does for me. Not sure of your definition of western, but leave New Zealand out of it, 2nd highest incarceration rate in the world, and growing. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Department_of_Corrections_(New_... I wonder if the relationship a country has with their military has a role? Having a large number of ex-service men and women trained in efficient use of firearms? Just pondering, as I've been reading around the subject for the last hour and cant find anything. Is anyone else finding that thread full of Google adverts for Samsung phones? It's rather funny. I agree with both side of this. Having someone ask me to explain the same thing multiple times per week, and most recently asking where my answer is written down for everyone to see is frustrating (not written down because it is basic knowledge that underpins everything we do, and we all hold a qualification that says we know this stuff, if he wasn't to remember, he can write it down). Basic workflow issues and understanding of problems that have never been considered by this person lead to everyone else getting irritated. All sorts of things have been tried. Workplace tutorials, performance appraisals, direct conversation, indirect conversation, mentoring, keeping a note book of problems and solutions. Untrainable, as this person has an unwillingness to acknowledge a need to learn. Nice catch. I didn't read carefully enough. 'Western world' being a key phrase. I got my stat from this statement "New Zealand has the second highest rate of imprisonment in the Western world.[12]" from here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Department_of_Corrections_(New_... Fascinating article. Goodness knows how you use the technique to spot and individual dodgy trade, as an unlikely price doesn't equal corruption. I have never used Facebook and signed up to Spotify yesterday with no problemss. http://www.economist.com/blogs/lexington/2012/12/gun-control Better link. Good article. Thought this would be about international travel. Per head of population (to get a measure that is population irrelevant) would be an interesting break down of international travel. Have been searching with little luck. Germany seems a likely high scorer. Wonder if this episode caused many account deletions. I deleted. And unlike New Zealand. We are in the midst of a big fibre rollout, but don't hold your breath for getting anything soon. Stuck at an unreliable 3mb connection. And strangely, despite living at multiple location, ringing to complain always gets a puzzled response and a reply along the lines of: just up the road from you is a really fast connection. Wonder what crew size you would need to ensure genetic stability and the certainty that the crew would hang in there until the destination. It couldn't be a democratic arrangement onboard for sure. I had no trouble, just a vague recollection that I might need Facebook. Wonder if others have trouble. I use their medical imaging software daily, and its so awful. It requires IE6 and is a bug ridden usability nightmare. I hope no one has bought this part of the company, although I suspect Carestream Health or some such crown have. Good point, however the regulation imposed on airlines would have to be some of the strictest of any industry. No dress codes at bars? You say that 99% of the time it's fine. If you go through the back scatter thingy, I'd say that 99% is a hopeful assumption. They are likely unsafe, and some small subset of people scanned may end up quite sick. Yes, your tone is offensive. I work with radiation emitting equipment daily. I am forced by regulation to ensure the equipment is safe and operated safely. Checks and stops are in place. This is the way it should be, and I am pleased my industry behaves this way. Backscatter imaging safety is unproven and falls outside the ALARA principle. You you quoting dose figures misses the point, background radiation is a whole body dose, CT abdo, is an abdo dose (mostly), back scatter imaging is to the skin only. What's the difference? Who knows, no decent testing done. Thanks for the response, and I agree with you by and large. Regarding the exact skin dosage (something the medical field goes to great lengths to minimise), the jury is out as far as i can tell, as testing of the equipment has been miminal. I wouldn't be that surprised if backscatter imaging did turn out to be safe, my problem with the technology is that it is basically untested and has not had its safety validated via independent large scale testing. With any health related screening test (especially one imposed on a massive population) there is a high bar set for causing minimal harm, as there should be. With backscatter screening there appears to be no decent safety checks, poorly qualified screeners, and worst of all, minimal/no evidence that the screening test catches any of the problems it's supposed to. I see it as a pointless radiation dose. Don't be too sure. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/40320562/ns/travel-news/t/tsa-ch... How on earth does one calculate unemployment? On social welfare cheque? Easy. Medical doctor forced to work as a taxi driver for 4 days a week as he/she can't get work as a doctor 5 days a week? Student who wants holiday work but can't find it? Stay at home mother who had a child a few years earlier as the plan to work for 2 years then have a child didn't work out as there was no work? Not so easy. Although patients generally have the choice of treatment and can usually opt out of parts of their care if they want - travelers have to be screened if they want travel. A fellow cynic! I see FREE MARKET and straight away re-read the paragraph to see who is getting screwed. I'm rarely disappointed. I wonder if it would have higher audio resolution if phonograph cylinders were the recording holding device. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phonograph_cylinder Surprised no one has posted this, it's a Rolling Stone article about Anonymous hacks that touches on Occupy movement monitoring. A good read if you have a minute. http://m.rollingstone.com/entry/view/id/34125/pn/all/p/0/?KS... Edit for bad link. Not sure exactly what a condo is, but appartments do in New Zealand. Also, there are plenty of buildings above roads (like bridges kind of) here, so I guess that's sort of similar. This hits HN as another shooting covers front pages. A new dark twist for extra newsworthiness. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/25/nyregion/2-firefighters-ki... Edit: it is unclear at this stage if this event would qualify for inclusion in the numbers according to the criteria in the article. Below are the used criteria. The killings were carried out by a lone shooter. (Except in the case of the Columbine massacre and the Westside Middle School killings, both of which involved two shooters.) The shootings happened during a single incident and in a public place. (Public, except in the case of a party in Crandon, Wisconsin, and another in Seattle.) Crimes primarily related to armed robbery or gang activity are not included. The shooter took the lives of at least four people. An FBI crime classification report identifies an individual as a mass murderer—as opposed to a spree killer or a serial killer—if he kills four or more people in a single incident (not including himself), and typically in a single location. If the shooter died or was hurt from injuries sustained during the incident, he is included in the total victim count. (But we have excluded cases in which there were three fatalities and the shooter also died, per the previous criterion.) We included six so-called "spree killings"—prominent cases that fit closely with our above criteria for mass murder, but in which the killings occurred in multiple locations over a short period of time. Speaking of aspirin, a friend had a headache last week, took some, and headache went away. He felt good, so went to his paintball game. You should see him a week later. He is basically yellow and purple. Yes! Using E0 hasn't been cheap for America. The low pump prices paid have made for a car market where small and efficient is less popular than elsewhere on earth, and the prices paid for middle eastern stability (which hasn't been very successful) has been footed by huge (mainly US) military expenditure. Yes. And much of the rest of the world perceives (rightly or wrongly) that the Middle East is that mess that it is in part because of the US need to maintain their low prices by guaranteeing supply through military aid and maintenance of some terrible governments. It's not as bad as damage from pinging, but fuel lines may still end up perishing - I have never seen this but have read of it What a great comment. Encouraging people to look beyond their backyard to see the effects of what they do day to day is not easy, but it is important. Looking at stats for murder, poverty etc is more meaningful when examined globally. Any idea how many shooting deaths are caused by the police? I can't find what I'm looking for. Why were sims ever made so big? Given that a pair of carefully used scissors and make a standard size sim into the other 2 sizes. The standard one is understandable (presumably there was no recognition of just how space constrained devices would get), but the mid size one? Why go smaller without going as small as possible? Edit: Is patent related to the iPhone 5 sim? I'm very confused as I thought that was a nano sim? How does the edit feature work? It sometimes seems to time be out faster than other times. I can understand locking down a comment such that retrospectively completely changing it doesn't occur, but I get caught too often as the hacker news app I use (and like despite this) lets you hit post when trying to scroll (and doesn't allow editing!) and editing via mobile safari is a chore. Given the massive die offs from the fungal infection that is completely devastating US bat populations, I'd say their immune systems may be unique, but they aren't miraculous. The outlook for North American bats is very grim. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_nose_syndrome Putting your wife first is putting your baby first at this stage, they are effectively one for the next little while. Good luck. I feel journalism is bad, and getting worse. The so called need for 'balance' and quick news cycles leads to bad writing. However this isn't data. What would be a measure that would show quality over time? Readership would be one - although this would be skewed by people changing media (paper to electronic). Industry profits might be another, although this is indirect and is messed up by the enormous amount of advertising dollars in the mix. Whats a better measure of quality? Great use and clever idea. However I'm not too sure I'm keen on the idea of using humanitarian groups to smuggle stuff to prisoners. It's important that independent groups have access to prisoners, and this is a sure fire way to get access limited. Not all wars have such clear good/bad camps. Exactly, and tee blurring or lines is easier to spot when you leave te US and UK out of it (despite their frequent abuses of human rights). What about French Vichy actions? Russian? And countless other more minor countries. Don't get me wrong, the worst side lost, but that didn't come without controversial and wrong behavior. Thhe non political NGO aid organizations chose to be independent, and involving them causes the potential for far reaching harm, without their consent. This is a genuine question not a troll - which allies of Germany behaved in a generally ok manner. Maybe using the western allies as a benchmark. I struggle to think of any who didn't participate in the holocaust or similar such atrocities. How does the colour in these work? And on that subject, what do the colours mean on airport screening x-rays? Is it some kind of lame thing where colours change in relation to density (when a grey scale works just fine for medical x-rays)? Thanks for that - I thought long and hard and missed Finland. That was a fascinating little bit of politics that went on there - and now I'm off to read more on it. You'd be surprised. A course was held recently on in air medicine here in NZ. The airline running the course said that they would foot any resulting legal bills that resulted, from anywhere on earth. However there was one condition - medical staff called when on a plane will give their time for free. The airline had received invoices for medical staff time in the recent past. Personally I find it useful when it says it was an hour ago, or a day ago, or 3 days ago etc up to a week. Then the date is what I want. I would never have guessed that list - I would have guessed news events, historical background to events etc rather than movies and pop culture. Obviously not everyone use Wikipedia like me. Have a look at prison rape stats for the US if you feel the need for some shocking data. Good point, however I do understand how it happens. People have a perception of how safe/unsafe their own country is, so adding in the US numbers allows a mental comparison to occur. The recent spate of gun violence related articles had this as well, with people comparing and contrasting Australia, the UK, Switzerland and a host of other countries. I wondered why these places mattered - I concluded that it provided context. Thank you for an Indian perspective. The broader problems of inequality and poverty don't help, but raping someone to death with a steel bar seems a touch too much to blame on Indian society and a decreasing sex ratio. There are clearly some big problems around sexual abuse in India, but I think that some individuals could be receiving some more condemnation and a society a bit less. Good point - your answer is what I was looking for. I was wondering how on earth he could have little in the way of savings when earning a million a year. This might be how. It might be that a new market has been found (so to speak). If stealing Apple stuff gets a good return then it may be that previous targets are not being hit as hard as they would have been, with the extra energy being direct at Apple owners. It would seem to me that the potential gains from mugging someone today would be significantly higher than 10 years ago - phone tablet and laptop are all commonly carried at same time by people in this room with me. Even 5 years ago this wasn't the case. Buried inside this depressing article is a depressing story about a non-needle-stick syringe that has been prevented from hitting the market. There are a lot of innovation proof system and people within hospitals, good on you if you break through it all. http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/features/2010/1007.blake.ht... Pacificly, schedule a biannual renumeration review. Uttered near me. My happiness was decimated (modern usage). >>Tweaked troopers could run afoul of international law, potentially sparking a diplomatic crisis every time the U.S. deploys troops overseas. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Press_Freedom_Index De Beers probably like this usage of diamonds. As bad as this solution is, I'd choose this form of user identification (id photographed and uploaded) over the last 5-10 captchas I have done. They have been killers for me lately, and one took a day of on and off trying to get past. Um... Clearly this would be a major bit of usefulness, but to suggest that hybrids etc would be a thing of the past? Obviously it charges so efficiently that it has lossless charging and the car would go for ever. Seems somewhat similar to perpetual motion. An over zealous extrapolation maybe? What did you do? My cash was in a hollow belt, my compact camera tied to my trousers and the pocket it was in was safety pinned closed. Everyone we met had been stolen from, we were tested 3x that we know of (all in crowds, 2 of them on trains) with nothing taken. Naples was just as ad, but with an undertone of violence, and Lima was downright frightening. I have noticed that the people who tell me they have been pick pocketed are generally the people I would target if I was pickpocketing. Old wealthy couples who don't speak the local language and have lots of expensive stuff with them, young people with flash cameras and computers hung over a shoulder (not across chest or around neck). Combined with a generally touristy attitude (noisy, visiting tourist sights, obvious cameras, maps, backpacks). We also noticed in Italy, France, Chile and Peru (have been other places, but didn't encounter pickpocketing) that the majority of those targeted were US American. This was out of proportion to their numbers. We kind of exploited this and stayed near loud groups of obviously wealthy Americans so that we would be less likely to have issues, and found a few others doing the same (Australian and New Zealand travelers both times, antipodeans seem to think a similar way). Yes you have. What have you lost? With the time you have spent traveling I bet you have been told a host of I-just-had-my-xxx-stolen stories. Low profile, care and humour seem to keep trouble at bay in a huge way. I remember a particularly ugly moment when my wife realised that we were being eyed up by a group of pickpockets who were crowding around. It was either going to be pickpocketed or mugged. Knowing we had nothing on us, we kept joking with the guy who was supposedly distracting us, while we were subtly patted down. We left in a hurry as soon as the collectivo (dodgy van) stopped, exchanging goodbyes. I wouldn't have know I was being patted down except my wife observed it - I'm pretty sure that if we had made a fuss the result would have been very bad. Edit: spelling Wow I'm sick of people posting claims of off topic. And wow it's funny that someone has the patience to reply with the posting rules. Ease of use with imperial? I say no way. Trying to add 1/16 and 1/5 is somewhat harder than mm addition. Am i missing the joke? Whats sci-fi about this? And how many industries are like this? Meat, diary, cars, arms, power, oil, medical, prisons. And these are just the ones that come to read from stories I have read recently. Does knowing your exploiting the system count? There is no way this wasn't intentional. Are air filled rubber tires really a good invention? They regularly ruin a decent bike ride. A decent alternative that is readily available (some kind of solid tire?) would make a big difference. Fussy coffee is the best - a somewhat battered hot air gun, a wooden spoon, an old colander and a variety of green beans is all one needs to roast for ones self. Cheaper, fresh and, after a time, usually better than what the shop offers. Fiddling the roast time, blend etc has been occupying me for about 5 years now. I am a 95% electronic banking user. I have a wallet that fits my 2 cards and basically nothing else. I have had cash probably 5-10 times in the last year, and usually spend it to be rid of it, or lose it. I was completely stumped when traveling in the US recently. There is absolutely no way to avoid cash - the amount of tipping that is required makes you a bit of a tosser is you don't do it, and the US is very much cash based. Busses, shops, taxis etc, all cash. I was only in California, but it was a very big change handling cash again, after most my life without it. It felt sort of unsafe... Everyday I park at work by a sign saying: security camera's in operation. The daily reminder is good for me. Prior to reading the article I thought it was going to be about the way smokers get an hourly break of 5 mins at work while non-smokers don't. That's always an interesting subject. Hadn't thought of it like that. There aren't any cameras unfortunately. The spate of break ins was dealt with by installing a sign. A very proactive sign. Wonder what they will do to its punctuation if 2 cameras get installed... I'm sure they wouldn't mind - the timing would obviously be dependent upon business but that isn't a consideration for the smokers I work with, they just leave their colleagues to take up the slack. Agreed, but it would miss the meaning the word has for 99% of people. In New Zealand and (from news, not personal observation) Australia, it's rugby league that usually has this sort of disgusting behavior. Other sports have these issues, but rugby league, even at a very high level, does a pathetic job at managing its young, so called stars, behaviour. I think your missing a huge opportunity. Help someone grow up in the way you didn't get to. Minimise and prevent the bad things that happened to you from happening to them. Do it the best way you can. If this is the only reason you're not having children, it seems a shame as your experiences can be used to better others lives. Edit: argh, sorry, this was a reply to damn, who's comment is below and had me feeling rather depressed! Note, my fiddly ios app somehow let my reply be to the article, and not you. So i have reposted my comment where it belongs. I think your missing a huge opportunity. Help someone grow up in the way you didn't get to. Minimise and prevent the bad things that happened to you from happening to them. Do it the best way you can. If this is the only reason you're not having children, it seems a shame as your experiences can be used to better others lives. The link between arrhythmia and caffeine isn't that strong. I suspect 14 a day is over cooking it a bit, but 1 or 2 and the literature is divided. I'm in the same boat as you were. I have beta blockers, I have 1 or 2 coffees everyday, 3 somedays. It is probably important somehow, but my issues started about 10 years before I started drinking coffee. I have read that some arrhythmias are more sensitive to certain stimulants than others. I really really don't want an ablation as the risk of a pacemaker being required is too high for my liking - if I get one I'm out of a job. I can't find the article now, but heavy coffee drinkers often have lower BP immediately after drinking coffee. And cutting coffee doesn't necessarily lower ones BP. It is unknown if there is any effect. I'll go a step further and say its a great book. My wife has little interest in the history of scientific discovery, and she loved it. The audio book sent our baby to sleep every day for months - play count is just over 100 from memory. Even when heard for the 100th time it is still interesting. Edit: I think a reason that people find science to be a bit dry is that it is often associated with dull library racks of journals on complex subjects with a razor focus. The story behind a particular paper is often far more interesting than the paper would leave you to believe. Something in the publishing process removes the highs and lows of each step and the background to what occurred. Of that 1.1% I wounded how much is Samsung? I'm picking they had a bigger growth than android. Whatever ones views on Android's openness, this is one interesting way to defend open. Very much yes. I need more up votes to give. Why on earth are comments first, maybe comments first AFTER the first viewing, but not first time. so that USA wins? :) cafes per square km would be a more interesting measure than Starbucks per km I think. I can confirm that you can be fully conscious when the paddles are deployed - get into a strange enough heart rhythm and people call for them. I've been in fast AF, felt normal and been threatened with cardioversion. The threat, combined with flecanide was enough to put me back to normal, no paddles required. It isn't always done, sometimes a sort of cream is put on the eyelids which seems to make the eyelids stay down (maybe is sort of gently glues the eyelashes). I'd say this, goggles or tape are all equally common where I work. The first and only comment below the article is savage. 15 Sept: Aaron, DC Sep 15: Too bad you didn’t have this article and all its spelling mistakes crowd-sourced. Imagine how much better it would be if you actually paid people for their time!? And what’s with hiring 99tests (for money) but exhorting developers to work for free. Hypocrites. Sort of agree. Improving the quality of soldiers is about the worst way to go about making the world a better place. It's like the ambulance and the bottom of the cliff, but worse. Background: Scot. English power market? That's somewhere south of this part of Britain. Extrajudicial killing isn't something that needs to increase. Hunting down and killing those that have hurt and harmed us isn't the best way to deal with those who have hurt and harmed us. With government contract work here in New Zealand I have noticed a willingness to call in the lawyers very early. If the contract were with a private enterprise there is no way a contract would get renewed, however the government is happy to deal with people even after after they have been sued recently. This may not we a world wide phenomenon. I would have thought that a trip down to the Southern Ocean under the same guise as the whaling fleet. Killing on the name of science. Those damn lights are terrible. We have them in Auckland where one authority controls motorway a (freeway) an another the local roads. The lights cause banking up at on ramps, blocking local roads. The motorway flow is improved, sure, but local single lane roads become impassable for hours. The lights just shift the problem here in Auckland. What if your paying the way for the other guy, who is 20 years your junior, allows him to better pay your medical bills when you get sick at age 70, and have no money to pay yourself (through no fault of your own you have lost a lot when X disaster occurred)? The swings and roundabout of the system aren't ever simple. Likewise, what about the 5 year old who needs state help, has contributed nothing, has had no chance to and has done nothing wrong. Who should pay if the parents don't? So much so. The Cuba = communist is somewhat off too. About as off as calling USA a democracy. Anyone can be elected to president. Right? I'm not sure that the $40, as a percentage of wage, would even cover my sick and annual leave, professional indemnity insurance, insurance against accidental injury, professional body costs, registration costs, mileage and expenses claims, clothing costs, immunizations, continuing professional development costs and the other things I guess I have missed. My employer is good. Is it possible to travel and believe this 100%? Capitalism might be the best option but I'm not that confident after seeing the so-called progress it has inflicted on a lot of places. I don't know what a better option is, but I the warts of capitalism sure are ugly. Psychologist or psychiatrist. The latter is a rather serious turn of events... It wouldn't work like that in New Zealand. Outside of work, consenting adults etc. The employee could just argue that the employer was acting unprofessionally during work hours despite the employee being professional at all times during work hours. If this firing was handled poorly the employer would likely face massive costs. NZ law has UK law as its origin. I mean that I have seen the opposite of progress. Native people with formerly proud cultures. Not technologically advanced, sure, but long traditions and ones anyone should be proud to have (or had, past tense, in this case). And these groups appeared completely devastated and exploited. Yes. Memorizing answers when learning the method is possible. Takes longer, but you tend not to forget. The reams of notes I used to watch people take to avoid learning the method and equation. Better! Although its a corner of one's brain that harbours some pretty nasty stuff that can spring to the fore at the slip of a key. Please could you expand on that. I'm mystified. As s user, I avoid top 10 lists as the multiple pages are too annoying. A quick blood test, and lead level could be added in. There is an ethical complexity that may be on our doorsteps. http://m.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2013/jan/07/violent-cr... Way better! I can't recall ever seeing such a beast though. The main culprits that come to mind are news papers (all the ones I read - Independent, NYT, Guardian. A junky tech sites. Exactly. But the things they want seem pretty pretty unobtainable from what I've seen. Interesting that the Chinese government owns a stake. I don't understand. That says that the Chinese government owns an indirect stake. I took that to mean they own some of the company. How do you read that? I don't read tjoff's statement as saying that Lenovo makes the thinkpad which is a low quality laptops. I read it as saying that some of Lenovo laptops (as opposed to laptop models) are good while some are bad. I read this as saying: buy an Apple netbook. The mythical beast which Steve refused to let live. This person has clearly never worked in a stressful trauma unit. I have actually tried the google docs and drop box think in an outpatient clinic, and it is terrible. People accidentally delete things (sure you can get them back but the non-it person at the coal face wasn't able to). Records get written over and multiple people try to edit the document at the same time and conflict with each other. People forget their logins and then ask you for help working out their password (quote: shall we just ring them?). People accident sign the wrong email address up and distribute access to the wrong person. Privacy? Forget it. Data is stored offsite. Dunno where. Who is accessing the data. Unsure. Does it auto logout? Depends. Piecemeal electronic record systems are bad, but consumer focused solutions are far worse. The trauma unit isn't interested in population cholesterol or stuff like that. They want platelet levels now. X-rays now, CT Report, before now. Google and dropbox weren't made for this, and don't work on a day to day basis. I've tried. Edit: typos. This subject makes me frothy mouthed as the commentator has valid concerns, terrible suggestions. Try it and see. Just to add to that, I'd estimate that patient records are accessed far less by doctors than by allies health staff, booking clerks, receptionists and such like. Te actual time in front of a doctor is small compared to the amount of time everyone else accesses records. The system for booking in one CT where I work would have probably 5 people see the record, one being a doctor. One of the killer problems we have is that a huge local hospital (servicing probably several hundred thousand in population) won't give us any real access to their RIS and PACS, despite us doing lots of scanning for them. We have to get previous imaging and notes delivered on CD and DVD which is probably the worst type of digital info transfer possible. Even if we did have access it would likely take the IT team a few weeks to cobble together something that worked for us end users, but that would be an amazing improvement. We just finished a spell using google drive - oh wow it was terrible. I live in New Zealand btw. Sorry, rereading what I wrote (argh, typos), perhaps I've been a bit unclear. I don't mean to imply that any of the record viewing is unprofessional (although I know this does occur). The 5 people viewing with only one being the doctor is professional and appropriate. One person books the scan, another greets them and enters their details into the RIS, another scans them, another sees them off, takes payment (or confirms who is paying) another reports the scan, another types the findings, and then someone distributes the findings once authorized by the reporting doctor. Sometimes these roles are filled by the same person (eg typist greets patient, takes payment and types the report), but the point is, there are many steps to the service and appropriate use of the patient record requires many people to have access to it. These figures are huge compared to international normals. I'm sure that most here are aware of this and Im also sure there are better sources, but here is an easy find http://m.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2013/jan/07/violent-cr... One can justify anything. However narrowing that statement to "for difficult to justify reasons" leads to list of wars likely in double figures. You can click through the damn message, but yes, its annoying. How many times can I say "I don't want Google+", and yet I still get "Your profile has been suspended. It appears that the name you entered does not comply with the Google+ Names Policy." Ironic that this crap occurs for this link. What about DVD menus that can't be operated without the remote. Most DVDs let you hit play on the player, and the movie starts. However there are way too many out there that don't do that - requiring a left arrow, then play, or some such rubbish. That way, a lost or non-operable remote leads to no DVD playing. This is part the reason all my DVDs went in the bin, now if only i could persuade my wife to play along. You should see what GE do on their very latest, very greatest MRI scanners. To turn things on and off they have a box next to the feature. You type "1" for on, "0" for off. If you deviate (type 0.5) you get a message saying that only 1 or 0 are valid. As it now 2013 I wish they would remove their command line stuff from the UI. That's even more annoying. What is Google+ for? I totally don't get it. My anti-social tendencies don't help (as in I'm not a sociable person, not that I burn down kindergartens), but I can understand the attraction of Facebook despite not using it. What is Google+ for? A "Best of XXX" on a single page. I was just commenting recently how these are always over several pages. I stand corrected Technologist. Message me your email and ill fire it through. A developer at work looked like he would cry when I showed him! I'll explain my spite. The following happened during this week. New DVD purchased by my wife, I knew the remote was going to have flat batteries (last used about 2 years ago) so I stuck the DVD in the Mac to use airplay to get it on TV. Grey checker board appears over the screen. I google it and find this is some kind of feature relating to DRM. So then spent time configuring a workaround via VLC and screen mirroring. An irritating use of 30 mins that reinforced my hatred to DVDs. Ahh, that irritating message. Right up there with: want to install our app? That's a way less severe issue as this would hardly be a problem for the standard user then. Interesting point. What is essentially a two party system doesn't really allow smaller groups to participate in high level political discourse. As a non-American I only have a passing understanding of SOPA - although I do know that it's scope would affect me here in New Zealand. There are some obvious spelling errors in that story. I know it's the Daily Mail, but surely they can spell check their stories. I might add traumatic to that little list, having just read A Farewell to Arms. Not all the sure about the source as a reference, but Urban Dictionary got TLDR in 2003. Reddit is 2005ish I think. http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=tldr The article cites PlainSite as a cost reference. That surely can't be the cost of a developer, server, bandwidth etc? Free labour? Anyone know more? I know that an enerprising hacker can do a lot, but setting up a system better than another that has a $25 million budget? And would anyone care to guess what it should cost per page (ideally with some sort of cost justification)? 1c? .01c? I worked for a company that made scale models of the Eurofighter for (I think) British aerospace. We made full scale models of those pylon held fuel tanks. Made them to the specs given to us and they didn't fit when they arrived at some kind of arms fair. Much scrambling later the problem was found. We made the tanks correctly, but the actual plane had some kind of old standard built into it by accident. Ah, your comment was refuting my statement (US has a 2 party system that excludes views of small groups). Thanks, great example. I'm surprised at New Zealand's stats. How on earth did that happen? http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Giant_planes_comparison.... Interesting for comparing. Largest has a variety of definitions though (length, wingspan, height (silly measure), capacity, passenger number etc. However that Antonov seems to be the winner. Good post - disturbingly close to the old chestnut: privatise your profits, socialise your costs. I'm not sure if this is semantics or not. Yes, low energy and high energy radiation both can cause bad damage and a DNA hit from one is as bad as that from another, but that isn't the point. Standing in a 20KV beam is going to do you more damage than standing in a 500KV beam on a photon by photon basis - but only because more of the 500kV beam will go straight through you. An I missing your point though? Edit: Yes I am. Your talking about alpha versus gamma, not low energy damage versus high energy damage. Did that pay increase make you better off or was it a net loss? And this is why I keep coming back! The off-topic stuff is great. Combined with health issues that can occur during birth (and a 9month spell of vomiting all day everyday), exactly the same here. Some things are worse, but the depression is lifting now, 2 years on. Proper sleep is so important. It seems to be what grown ups call their boy/girlfriends. Some problems are hard to solve and some are too hard to solve. It's depressing. Gulag by Anna Applebaum is a good gulag history too. It's been done before. Germany hasn't had a smooth transition, and there are still problems, but it has been done. Absolutely decimated. And the remaining 90% was unscathed. Nice thought. I have an image of the person in mind. Young, male, looking to break stuff, mums credit card in hand. I miss those days in some ways, but not so much. I've always thought of a fiasco as a series of FUBARS, each compounding the last. Not sure I know a term for series of fiascos. Maybe GoDaddy are breaking new ground here. Yes, and how did it ever come to be any other way anywhere? No value matters except what comes out my pocket - why tell me any other number? Yeah, it's a great tool like that. And my banks IOS app lets me adjust my limit - so I put it down way low unless there is some big purchase about to happen. After 10ish years I got caught recently and had to pay interest, something like 19 cents. Used carefully and they can be a great way to get cheap banking. The real hard bit is to break is the idea that every bacterial disease needs antibiotics NOW. If used sparingly, those that were given a medication may actually benefit from it. But it's likely easier to create a new breed of medications than it is to reset expectations. Your comment reminds me of a situation years ago. It was photoshop or pagemaker about 10 years ago I think, my father showed me - every so often a popup was appearing saying: Warning, your printer is on fire. We never did work out what the text was supposed to read. It got patched in a later update and stopped occurring. Something that fascinated me while in the UK - subtitling accents. I mainly saw this (heard this?) with the Scottish, but other strong accents had this done also. It was the BBC I noticed this with. Thank you for the dose of logic. Truth be told, I hate not seeing it, but having turned it on, I use it less than I'd expected. If I could just disable the option if saving to desktop, home and work would be beautiful. Sort of related to HD options, the default of having no display of remaining storage space is irritating to me, especially on the MacBook Air. There aren't many achievements that are truly solo efforts - there is usually someone keeping the home fires burning at the very least. That's interesting - why are the batteries onboard and not ground equipment? Obviously restarting a stalled engine would be handy, but is this something that actually happens? And if it is, couldn't the running jets provide the power somehow? I seem to remember that some old WW2 prop aircraft had ground equipment requirements to start them from cold (power or warmed air or something?) Obviously this isn't an area I know about but I am curious about it. Thanks. Good link. One would hope that had nothing to do with it, but.... Are you trying to get me divorced! So tempting though... It was 2000 a 2001 that I saw this, so things may well have changed in that time frame. Yes. And my wife and I have found that a large number of people don't like being photographed. We always ask, we buy something from the person if we can, and many shake their heads or otherwise communicate no to us when we indicate we would like to take a photograph. I have had other tourists photographing past us while we ask. We respect what people ask - I'd be pretty unhappy having someone come up to me at home or work and try to take my photograph. Recent Kevin McCloud series showed brain tanning in case anyone is interested. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_McClouds_Man_Made_Home I thought (and think) that and I was around the whole time. Then I set a few up, and realised that until the password situation is resolved, we're stuck with the present. Split it by age too - I think that would be a significant factor. I'd say that the taboo is now stronger than it has been. I'm half way through the excellent Montefiore book Jeresulem, the biography, and royal families and leader mentioned in it definitely didn't have strong taboos here. This may just be a ruling class thing I suppose. Link to book review as the book is fascinating. http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2011/jan/16/jerusalem-biogra... That's what I was wondering, but does this happen? And if the other engines can start it as Joezydeco suggests, does not having them matter? Surely the number or airports without decent facilities to help start them must be small? Is cost/return a factor in these things? I'd hope not. If expense stops prosecution, the offender can learn where the cut off lies, and just offend below the benchmark. Somewhat like the way I drive (speed camera goes at 10kmh above limit, I drive at just under this). Please could you (or someone knowledgable) expand on point 2? Why would a MS based system require more maintenance? I am a longtime Mac user, and don't see why a windows setup would be more complex - it would seem easier to do as there would be more options, but what am I missing? Thanks. Thanks. My work experience would confirm the 'non-technical user' thought. We're mainly Mac based with the odd PC. The PCs are usually on the brink of death due to crapware that someone thought to install. The Macs seem to avoid this, in part perhaps because to the users are so unfamiliar with the system that they don't try to install the crap. It's not hard when they kidnap people, take them to far away countries and torture them. If any non-US allies behaved like this we would never hear the end of it. That feeling was me for 10+ years, mainly teenage ones. Not sure where it went, but I prefer working stuff these days. Weird - doesn't for me, just asked me if I wanted to search App Store. But kills finder, makes chrome do odd stuff etc. ... And into the flash bottles for the bonafide look. You basically need carbonated water on tap! That's a pretty amazing consumption volume. I wouldn't drink much more than half that in a day if you combined all my fluid intake I don't think. Keep framing it like that and AIPAC will employ you. It's not like them to miss a trick. An aside, if in a high altitude country that speaks Spanish, if you learn nothing else, learn the difference between aqua sin gas and aqua con gas (excuse my possibly incorrect spelling). The resulting explosion marks you as a tourist for the rest of the day. I might be misunderstanding you, but what is fair here? If I was Coke spending many millions per year with CBS then in a prime spot an advert was played which made CBS a tiny fraction of what I had spent appeared and made fun of my company, if be calling foul. At a bare minimum I'd be calling for some heavily discounted advertising. Playing the devils advocate here as I agree with you: What if Coke walks away from CBS - it wouldn't be very fair from the perspective of CBS as they applied the same rules to everyone, and a lost a massive customer. CBS probably doesn't care what consumers think, CBS are effectively dumb pipes, and can charge through the nose for their service. Thank you. If anyone thinks they can beat Apples infrastructure, good luck to them. Buying components by the 10s of millions, and getting completed products to customers from the factory to the end user at the other end of the world in a day or 3, whilst managing to have low inventory. Brand new iPhone models excluded... When I open the submission on an iPhone, the link to the site moves when I try to tap it - it isn't possible to use the link. Does anyone else get this behaviour? 100db. What? How on earth was that measured? Here it is, surprised this popped up so late in the piece. Ahh, being a non-US person I am now getting it. I imagine there is something similar for us here when stations were sold frequencies. Can I add to that and say that the device should also carry a price tag that reflects what will come out my pocket. That happens where I live, but I went to San Francisco recently and when buying found that the price tag excludes tax. What? What's the price tag for then? Make the writing on the label reflect what I give and what I get. Ever tried getting word docs into Indesign without converting to RTF as an interim step? This may not be a MS problem and may be Adobes fault, but whenever I get a .doc, importing into indesign directly makes my life miserable for too often. Even if it doesn't crash Indesign, it often causes strange behaviour and bizarre formatting issues. Between that and the damn paper clip wizard man of old, my Office suite tolerance is about zero. But LibreOffice, ouch. After this last week, one more 'java update required' popup and I might start crying. I DID IT 1 MINUTE AGO. Surely there is an advantage in being the company that says $100. No additional taxes, no add ons, no surprises. Plenty of companies here and in other countries keep retail costs flat across a market despite the cost of a sale fluctuating. Maybe I ask too much. It's terrible whatever it is. And it hates network drives. And iPhoto and iTunes hate remote libraries. And then they create local ones without asking and mess everything up. And if 2 computers share the library terrible things happen to the library and it gets corrupted (presumably the library stops matching the locally held file and its very easy to accident use the wrong remote library as after a disconnection a pop up asks which library you want to use. Pay careful attention at this point as a database rebuilt is the minimum pain one will experience with a miss click.). And the OS hates telling you what is taking up space so good luck freeing it up. Never again - although the 64 was accidentally ordered rather than the 128 and I assumed everything would be ok. It wasn't. Did he learn his trade from movies or so something? What if there are 2 people in black suits? Oh, covered, he will be the one with the shaken martini. Which one is? I put the Mosad up there, but most are summed up by the statement: Reward for failure. Screw up, get given a bigger budget so it doesn't happen again. Israel has an interesting relationship with its neighbour's land, but I don't think anyone would claim Israel took over 4 countries recently. Not quite so recent (ended in the 1980s) - kidnapping Japanese citizens from within Japan, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Korean_abductions_of_Japa... My pick is that the customer is a moderate sized radiology department using FileMaker as a RIS, and they have asked the engineer to make it talk to a PACS, booking system, distribution system, CT, MRI, PET, x-ray, US etc (all made by different manufacturers), and the engineer is at his wits end. Maybe I see things through work-tinted-glasses. A post on this would be very interesting. Neeced surgey? Really? As slippery slope said. So that's what that is. The entry/exit is bizarre. I seem to recall coming out in some sort or shared exit with a small supermarket or something like that. I can also recommend the tour - great staff, very much off the beaten tourist trail (or it was the day we went) and a great place. The massive cemeteries are also worth visiting for the huge mausoleums and crypts and general creepiness - on a dark day it feels like you have gone back in time 300 years - until you hit the James Morrison grave trash and Wilde lipstick rampage. Because A will be used more as its closer to the users hand? Why do they do that? Or borrow from 1 or more countries defense budgets. MR tech here. I once had a minor accident with an angle grinder (well, I've had a few, but this one had side effects) and got several minuscule steel fragments in a finger. I didn't know this had happened, except that once at work (edit: I work on 3T scanners) I could feel them in my finger. They were slightly sore, and very annoying. A few x-rays later I managed to localise them and with the help of a colleague, dug them out with a needle. I never did find them, but we got them out. I have scanned quite a few people with various sorts of shrapnel in them. Only once was it a problem for the patient (moderate pain) but we don't take the scary ones in - intraocular metallic fragments, one deep in a neck etc. And $75k ish of helium - which is getting pricier by the day, and can at times be impossible to source. And the riskiest time in terms of quenches, is during ramping. Our last quench re-occurred just as they finished ramping it. We were down for 3 weeks ish and the cost excluding helium was huge. Just hope that the area to be scanned isn't near the implant. The susceptibility artifact will ruin the images and mask nearby problems. Ramping takes days (maybe even over a week). The RF is obviously off most the time though, and the gradient magnets are off too - these tend to be the evil bastards. The slew rate messes with your balance and after a few you come to dislike certain sequences - gradient echoes, diffusion and a few other - loud with high slew rates. You feel like your spinning and this causes slight nausea (in me) and 10 minutes or so of vertigo. Edit for spelling Or unless you were a New Zealander who funded the new constitution only to have it thrown away at a cost of millions. I live in New Zealand and notice corruption here, and way more of it when I go overseas. It is less corrupt here. Like every political system. I suppose that the way I see it is that a fascist systems punishes in a way that is worse than the character assassination and innuendo that western democracy offers. The Chinese government? Now that's funny. British? If only NSFW had appeared in the URL of a few things I've clicked at work. Not sure where you live, but the national paper in New Zealand doesn't have journalists write its articles. Badly written advert/infotainment. Yes, an 'ally' attacked. Now lets make life miserable for all the well behaved allies and our citizens as well. Not that long ago some friends were mid argument when we turned up. She was saying that, hypothetically, if she ended up in a river with her baby she would hold it up, save it, and drown if it required that to save it. Her husband was saying save yourself first, you're no good dead and if you drown, the baby drowns too. And they wouldn't shut up. I hadn't seen anything like it before, but now we have a child, and strange crap happens. There are few others besides the car that American citizens seem (italics would be ideal here) blinkered to. It seems obvious to an outsider - who is possibly indoctrinated the polar opposite way. however the topics are all so inflammatory that even HN can get uncivil. Is there a correlation between getting cold and catching a cold? I didn't think there was? Thanks. Touchy ground! The two I had in mind were the lack of effective gun control and the problems associated with a lack of socialised healthcare. I would characterize these as both being partly due to an us/them 2 party government system, which encourages exclusion. I should add that New Zealand isn't free of gun issues, healthcare system problems or political parties playing BS games, its just they seem to pale compared to US paper headlines. I should note that prevailing views here on HN, are vastly different to those I notice in US papers and TV. Great comment. Your comment on GMO. I had always thought that Monsanto had huge sway in American political circles, although I have no idea where I got this from. Unfortunately the big stick seems to be used to get other countries to accept Monsanto friendly labeling - American backs its businesses in a way not all other countries do. This doesn't have to be a bad thing though. Slightly off topic, but this keeps bugging me. How many cards do you have? Is it my circle and I, a New Zealand thing, or something else, but everyone I know has one card, 2 maximum. I once stumbled across someone with about 30 (when he brought them into an MRI scan room, despite having been warned a few times and me having taken them off him, but he'd have had none after doing that), but that's the only person I've knowingly me with more than 2. I should note that everyone here has a direct debit card too - EFTPOS. Hmm. Works 100% reliably for me. Wish I could say the same for my email, which works about 10% of the time on my phone. Yeah, plausible deniability. I know a work place which demands them for email. Evil. And there are places other than the US to sell products too. I'm not advocating insecure data, but some systems are different to the US, less litigious etc. And the systems I'd most like to see improved are not accessible remotely (or rarely are), or are comparatively easy to secure (or seem to be to a layman at least), or are basic and loss of the info wouldn't get anyone anything they couldn't find out already (proper hospital rosters is what I have in mind. Wow hospital rostering systems are crap). I think you may be wrong. To be parents as a gay couple (particularly if male) there often has to be considerably more effort to get there. This would generally mean that the parents really strongly wanted to be parents. This fact alone surely makes for a better environment for kids than one where the child could be an accident. Speaking of Apple products. Try watching a DVD over AirPlay. WT actual F. It's unbelievable that something this crappy has happened. >>The top of the can is then added. This is carefully engineered: it is made from aluminum, but it has to be thicker and stronger to withstand the pressure of the carbon dioxide gas. Eh? The pressure is greater at the top of the can? Nicely done. The very very frightening for me is the clunky move to wireless. There are about 20 Macs in the office, and when half the keyboard batteries go flat after a long weekend and you need to quickly check something, scrounging the building for a USB keyboard is tiring. This combined with airplays momentary drop outs and refusal to start (infrequent but annoying) make me sad. It's like we're so close to the cableless world, but just far enough away that its awful. A rip off in the sense that its a crappy output, not in that they are overcharging. I see mention that its likely making no money or actually losing money selling this cable. Having just spent an evening trying to sort a strange video issue which turned out to be an intermittent issue with a component cable, the thought of this isn't nice. Special thanks to the new MagSafe - this is no longer possible (short term anyway). I totally disagree. The most expensive things I've ever bought have been terrible experiences. Car and house. Real estate agents are the devils spawn where I live. Probably the same people who want VGA as it what the corporate world use.