This same submitter has spammed for this site seven times in the last 60 hours or so. I would classify that as a murder, but I don't think it would be counted as such in this data __ Generally, the number used is homicides with a gun -- that encompasses self-defense, manslaughter, police shootings, etc. For we got rid of things like having slaves be counted as 3/5 of a person of representation __ ... by amending it via formal, open process; not by selectively ignoring it. "I believe we should re-open the NFA registry" There has been essentially zero gun crime committed with legally-owned and possessed NFA weapons. "We haven't had a mass shooting since as far as I can recall" Well, no, but there weren't many before Hobart, either. But do take a look at your other crimes' rates since the confiscations, especially home invasion. And barrels aren't generally restricted, tracked, or serialized. Why the concern only about gun homicide? Does suicide get somehow worse when done with a gun as opposed to stepping in front of an Amtrak train? The obvious market and proving ground for a working "smart gun" is law enforcement (gun always on person when on duty, purchase decisions are by public agencies, etc.) So, when we see a couple of years of deployment of such a technology with major police forces, we can see if they work and are reliable. Track sales more tightly than we currently do for sudafed Ammunition purchase registration was in fact the law of the land from 1968-1986, when it was repealed because it was useless in solving crime. To quote the BATF Director: "The Bureau [of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms] and the Department [of the Treasury] have recognized that the current recordkeeping requirements for ammunition have no substantial law enforcement value." An example of the risks of the era when Texas had no nondiscretionary concealed-carry permit process was the Luby's shooting of 1991 (23 dead): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luby%27s_shooting ... because it could have been stopped: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzanna_Hupp I don't believe this thirdhand quote for a second: "“My daddy’s in jail and he said he gets three meals a day. And sometimes my mom can’t make me food and I’m hungry.” I went home and I cried that night. This is a kindergartner. Teachers told him he was going to jail." First of all, Palo Alto is among the best and highest-resourced public school districts around. Secondly, I can't imagine any PAUSD teacher saying such a thing to any student under any circumstances. Beyond, that, Kindergarten is a single-teacher class for a given kid, so for this to be true, other teachers would have had to volunteer this unbelievable criticism to him clear out of the blue. ‘‘It’s extremely difficult to get into the United States as a refugee — the odds of winning the Powerball are probably better" Actually, their odds are over 175,000 TIMES better than winning the Powerball. 'Dr. Ben Carson conflated Syrian refugees with ‘‘rabid dogs.’’' Flat lie. That reference was about (Paris) terrorists and not about refugees from anywhere: http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2015/11/20/terro... Are four separate threads for the same story, submitted all at once, really necessary? https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=rhengles What is your source for this? It directly conflicts with Ambrose's book, which is perhaps the best-researched history of the trip. Members of the Corps all had a meat ration of 5 lbs. a day (when available) for everyone, including native guides (none of whom was on the whole trip) and Sacagawea. That's the common spin of the moment. What they aren't saying is why Flint switched its supply: the Detroit system drastically raised its fees to Flint (the switch saved $19 million over the first 8 years alone), and Flint was broke as it is. The city council vote to switch was 7-1, with 6 Democrats voting "yes". http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2013/03/flint_city... Many articles try to imply that the lead came from the new water supplier; in fact, it leached from lead pipes the existing system used as its water mains. Yes, despite all these years of knowing the dangers of lead, neither Flint nor Detroit made any attempt to clear lead from their water delivery systems, and EPA rules allowed testing to be based on long periods of letting taps run to clear as many contaminants as possible first. And switching back to Detroit water doesn't solve the lead problem in the mains, although it may be less acute. Moore's account is partisan and largely fictional. Even Mother Jones has reported that water problems predate the system change; see comments on https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11003287 Previous discussion you can see both sides of the argument discussed here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10961513#up_10963376 Here is reporting on the original decision; note that in the 7-1 vote to change, 6 of the ayes were Democrats: http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2013/03/flint_city... The bottom line is, Detroit government was gouging Flint; Flint arranged a new supplier from Lake Huron (Karegnondi Water Authority), choosing to drop Detroit's usury system once it was complete; Detroit cut them off ENTIRELY instead at the earliest date they could, leaving Flint dry for 3+ years and the Flint River as the only choice. Typical falsehood-ridden (not just spun) WP article on firearms. Errata: 1) "In the 1993 gun battle at the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Tex., for instance, the cultists "fired a .50 caliber semiautomatic rifle at agents attempting to execute a search warrant," according to a GAO report." Well, that's what a 1999 (6 years after the fact) said in passing, but its only attribution is "according to ATF". In fact, no .50 caliber bullets or damage thereof was ever found or entered into evidence. 2) "In 2013, a suspect in a police standoff in Fond du Lac, Wis., fired several .50 caliber rounds during the incident, prompting police to call in a BearCat armored vehicle." Outright fabrication. Not only did the police not claim that the .50 caliber was fired at any officer, but Rogler was not even charged with a gun crime of any kind . 3) "Overall, the gun safety group Violence Policy Center has identified at least 46 instances of .50 caliber guns being used in criminal activity." Outright fabrication. There has been exactly one criminal use of a .50 caliber rifle (Adam Wickizer, 2013) among all of the crimes in that list. That VPC document is so sloppy, they keep referring to "50 caliber" rather than .50 caliber. (50 caliber would be a 4-foot-diameter projectile) parking your car facing the 'wrong' way ... leaves conclusive evidence of two moving violations (driving on the wrong side of the street twice). You could do worse than one parking ticket. If you are looking to establish your brand as relevant, it's a poor choice. It's hard to take Medium seriously as long as they are designed to troll for (and track) reposts by adding fake fragment identifiers to all of their URLs (which they also use to defeat dupe detection). Legitimate venues don't need that kind of evasion. If you've been dumped by MSNBC , can you even claim the title of "journalist" in the first place? "If the facts aren't on your side, argue the law." Thus is the state of Medium today. I was, up to this point, unaware that all sexual harassment in workplaces was of women, by men. How can any intelligent person be so oblivious about being trolled by his own kind? Had the author been alive during the American Revolution, he would have blamed the Boston Tea Party on Native Americans, too. Interesting content, but page does not display on Chrome with adblock. Renders OK on Opera without adblock. BTW, does this mean that (((Jesus))) must be wrapped accordingly, too? Dude. This is the fourth time you alone have posted this in the last 2+ days. One benefit of this is that city streets and sidewalks will be forever protected from being damaged by sunlight. The traditional debate in accounting is " Make , or Buy ?" Theft is cheaper than either. Is this the same "Intelligence Reform" that brought the Shah into the USA, triggering the U.S. Embassy hostage crisis? "And, prior to the massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando on Saturday night , executives were telling investors to expect another big bump — because of the upcoming elections ." Which directly contradicts the clickbait title. "the mass shootings are uniquely american thing" Compare levels of gun violence in two border cities with very similar demographics: El Paso, Texas and Juarez, Chihuahua State. One one side of the border, gun ownership and carry rights are quite strong. On the other, handguns are essentially banned. Which do you think has more violent crime? A commercial for offshoring jobs. Disgusting, even by Medium standards. Here's what happens in another country with strict gun control laws: http://america.aljazeera.com/opinions/2014/11/mexico-politic... Gun control ends gun violence as surely an (sic) antibiotics end bacterial infections That's utterly false. There's not even a strong correlation between gun bans and reductions in violent crime. (Mexico and other countries to its south are great examples.) In the U.S., the violent gun crime rate went down after the 1994 "Assault Weapons" ban lapsed. Saddest of all, this isn't even labeled as an opinion piece -- they call this "news", not an Op-Ed. This is worsened by a certain individual[1] who insists on reposting the same links multiple times a day. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=dnetesn A collection of "studies" by an anti-gun-rights author, almost all of which use 20-year-old (and up) data. Blogspam of a Wired article. YC won't be deploying the submarines until the last few hitches in the fusion reactor design are worked out, probably by the end of next week. They "fail" to mention that the reason the principals were denied ballots was not that their identity was in question but that their eligibility to vote in the given precinct was not established, because of never registering previously and not proving residency in that precinct . By throwing in a petty, prejudiced comment from the very outset ("a stocky female of South Asian complexion "), focusing on attributes completely unrelated to the case, the author's quotations lose credibility. I'm not at all surprised that they are completely mute on age diversity. In all of those showcase photos spanning all of those companies, is there a single person over the age of 35? For those out there who revile the Koch brothers: The research was funded by the Koch Institute Blogspam ripped from summaries and comments on Amazon... right down to the misspelling of "Spitze" (sic). "Yes. I have two sisters that could lose access to birth control and planned parenthood." By what specific mechanism could a Trump presidency cause them to lose access to birth control or abortion? Have you read Roe v Wade (or even the Constitution, for that matter) at all ? Again, describe the mechanism by which this could happen. "... a new law defunding planned parenthood and/or banning abortion" Not giving Federal taxpayer money to PP doesn't stop them from doing abortions (they officially claim they use no taxpayer funds for abortion anyway), and you can't ban abortion via statute due to Roe v Wade having supremacy. (BTW, PP does a minority of abortions in the USA.) Even if the USSC wanted to replace Roe v Wade, they can't just do that by decree. A relevant case that would give them that nexus would have to navigate itself all the way up the chain from Federal court through the corresponding Court of Appeals (assuming they even hear the case), winning all the way in courts laden with Obama appointees, to even get on the USSC's radar. You didn't understand what you claim to have read. All private media (print, radio, and TV) make a lot from ad buys. At the local level, political consultants and mailhouses (those who print and send those glossy mailers -- the original tree-killing meme) make their living off elections. No, for a variety of reasons. First of all, it wouldn't pass, because Democrats would vote 95% against and Republicans at most 75% for. But even if it DID pass the House, the Senate would just filibuster it. And even if by some miracle one was passed and signed, it would hit an immediate injunction from the Federal court of the abortion-backers' choice, using Roe as a precedent. The concept makes for a good scare tactic to raise contributions and volunteers, but it goes nowhere in the real world. No, they can't . If you have any friends who went to law school, perhaps they could explain it to your satisfaction. Marbury v. Madison laid out these mechanisms over 210 years ago. In other words, you fear that Republicans might pull a trick similar to what Reid did 3 years ago in implementing the " nuclear option "[1]? Did you protest that at the time, or since? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filibuster_in_the_United_State... "Clinton's projected by the NY Times to win the popular vote by 1.2% right now." So much for any of their projections. The actual popular vote difference is 202,340 -- less than 0.17% of votes cast. that favour the removal of Roe v Wade You seem to be totally unfamiliar with the actual case and the justices' opinions. Five of the seven who supported the plaintiff (e.g. to uphold abortion rights) were Republican appointees . "If anyone opposes him, he'll have them fired, blackballed, or tormented until they quit either in disgust or humiliation." You mean like how the CEO of Grubhub is doing an "ideological cleansing" of his company now[0]? [0] 11/10 http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/11/10/boss-tells-pro-trump-em... This is a power of the governor If true (I haven't read the VA constitution), it's totally unprecedented to restore voting rights for everyone in a class with no regard to the facts of individual cases. The partisan motive is obvious. They were off by more than a percentage point . The NYT's vote differential reported Tuesday afternoon was 1.2%; the actual was less than one-seventh of that. She ended up with a 1-2% preference You are off by an order of magnitude there. As of Wednesday afternoon, the actual popular vote difference was less than 0.17% of votes cast . Have you heard of this newfangled thing called a "search engine"? https://duckduckgo.com/?q="We+are+going+to+have+to+rebuild+w... The only answer I have for this happening is blatant sexism. Of course -- it couldn't possibly be because it's yet another short Medium post promoted only by its author. Beck fed lies and hate to incite an angry mob Specific examples? Exactly what book is being reviewed here? "research shows that gun owners and their families are far, far more likely to be injured or killed by said firearm" I take it that you've never read such research yourself; that's a gross misinterpretation (the "said firearm" qualifier is outright false). Our governments make extensive plans to deal with these situations Really? Look how long it's taken multiple layers of government (especially the Federal government) to deal with the Flint water crisis or the Animas river disaster... despite having no disaster-introduced transportation or resource barriers. "7. July 4th is no longer a public holiday. November 2nd will be a new national holiday. It will be called "Indecisive Day."" Did he confuse the 8th (election day 1996) with the 2nd? "Not those of us who've been buying guns, but primarily rifles, of military utility in ever greater numbers, starting in the George W. Bush administration" Actually, gun ownership surged during the early Clinton administration in response to his party's push for gun bans and the "Brady Bill". "...paid leave, higher minimum wage, protecting abortion, stopping Republican voter suppression..." When she was a Senator, she did absolutely nothing on any of those fronts ( or immigration)... even when Democrats controlled the White House and Congress, including a filibuster-proof Senate majority. Technically , she was also Senator for two weeks while Bill was still President in January 2001. The broader point is that she made no efforts in those areas on the legislative front, even when Democrats held the majority in both houses. You made a very specific claim ("research shows that gun owners and their families are far, far more likely to be injured or killed by said firearm"), then when called on it, you threw out a number of quotes (from specifically anti-RKBA sources) unrelated to your claim. That false claim is often quoted from the Kellerman study, but an examination of his data (it took years for him to release it) revealed that in almost all such homicides, it was a gun that the intruder brought with him (predominantly male) and not one the victim owned. ( Kates , 2001) The residents' gun could have been locked up in the basement, and Kellerman counted it anyway. Or, do you have different research in mind that supports that claim? Here is one, very specific study that indirectly confirms exactly this. Interviews of 100 incarcerated felons (with a specific incentive to discourage gun ownership), without any actual data (even anecdotal), confirms nothing. Did you bother to read any of your quoted research before cutting-and-pasting? Yet again, you dodge the question, and yet again, you refer to media articles that quote no actual data . I read each of the "studies" you refer to in the years they were released , and many, many more. I've been studying criminology for 23 years. Repeating the "I'm not anti-gun" mantra whilst referring only to anti-RKBA sources (and misquoting those ) reinforces intellectual dishonesty. And as for "Their chance of being a victim of violent crime such as home invasion or car jacking is unbelievably tiny", you really haven't examined the data. There are dozens of carjackings and home invasions (aka "hot burglary" - entering when residents are present) each month in the Bay Area alone. If you rely only on media reports, they are typically reported only as "burglaries". What is actually "unbelievably tiny" is one's odds of being killed by an "assault weapon", yet phony claims to the contrary drive the media narrative. Drownings excluding those in swimming pools exceed homicide by "assault weapon" in the U.S. what I said was... No, what you said you preceded with "My understanding( is that research shows* that...", acknowledging that you hadn't actually done the research. The raw data speaks for itself Then why won't you present any? Why can't you support this claim you keep repeating? accidental gun injury or death is sadly commonplace Nobody has questioned that. Nationwide, there are about 100 burglary-homicides every year. Repeating: your source is? do you believe that using lethal force to protect property is ok? When an armed party has broken into a home, knowing residents are present , only a fool would assume that only personal property is at risk. There's a fundamental difference in home invasion from, say, breaking into an unoccupied vehicle. cover the 2016 election with agility and creativity Isn't that exactly the problem -- getting a little too creative rather than objectively reporting ? They suffer no consequences at all. For example[0]: "The measure that's sure to evoke the most debate — and which has already done so — is his plan to extend the use of background checks to cover more sales at gun shows. In 2013, after a strong push from the president, the Senate blocked an effort to expand background checks at gun shows." In fact, existing Federal laws for gun shows are exactly the same as for retail stores. What the claim attacks is gun shows themselves, as an event and meeting place ("nurseries of sedition and rebellion," as Charles II referred to coffeehouses). It goes on to seek exactly one legal opinion -- from a prominent gun ownership opponent: "Here's where we are now: A guy who owns a gun store is a dealer and runs a background check. A guy who wants to sell his one rifle to his neighbor isn't a dealer and doesn't have to conduct one." In fact a dealer wouldn't have to do a background check on a rifle anyway, and it's not the individual owner who does a chack anyway when it is necessary (e.g. handgun transfers) -- it's a licensed dealer, accessing the DOJ system. Later: "Gun shows are the embodiment of that loophole. He imitated a carnival barker. "'Minors! People with felony records! Step right up!'" Again, a flat lie decorated with a deliberately inflammatory example -- laws are the same inside or outside of gun shows. [0] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/01/05/is... "Popular vote For Clinton 50.4% ... For Trump 49.6%" The NYT just can't stop lying in their election coverage. The true percentages were 47.9% vs 47.1% as of 18:50 EST per CBS. It does, however, fit their narrative that Clinton won a "majority" of the popular vote, as opposed to a plurality . "Popular vote For Clinton 50.4% ... For Trump 49.6%" The NYT just can't stop lying in their election coverage. The true percentages were 47.9% vs 47.1% as of 18:50 EST per CBS. It does, however, fit their narrative that Clinton won a "majority" of the popular vote, as opposed to a plurality . It's even worse than you state -- those are just percentage points off, not full percentage off. To restate: Wisconsin last poll 41% for trump, Wisconsin result 49% (~8 percentage points off, or 20% off ) Michigan last poll 42% for trump, Michigan result 48% (~6 percentage points off, or 14% off ) North Carolina last poll 45% for trump, North carolina result 51% (~6 percentage points off, or 13% off ) Florida last poll 45% for trump, Florida result 49% (~4 percentage points off, or 9% off ) "Producing and using the newly discovered oil and gas will also contribute to climate change, ..." In PBS' bias, supply creates demand. In fact, it will have a neutral effect -- it will merely replace imported oil and gas. (If the gas is venting naturally right now, capping and storing it would have a (miniscule) negative impact on "greenhouse gas"). Clickbait blogspam site. Every article seems to be almost a word-for-word copy if its referenced source. All postings from this site are from the same person, like mattermark. "I’m always lighting a fire to push an agenda that inevitably makes things significantly better." It's ironic that this anti-Trump screed co-opts an equivalent of "make America great again." It goes on: "get the Republican Electoral College to block Donald Trump get the Democratic Electoral College to write-in Michael Bloomberg" of course, there is no such thing as either a Republican or Democrat Electoral College; it's a nonpartisan entity. "Trump got elected because Facebook & the FBI messed up" The FBI appointees were all Obama's, and Facebook executives donated far more to Democrat campaigns and PACs than to Republicans. ... and look how well that worked out. Will Yelp ever address the plague of fake accounts? What mechanism do they use to control your eyes, your hand, and your brain, forcing you to read their content in its entirety? And is it the same mechanism that keeps you from clicking "Hide" on such content? If this mechanism could be isolated and productized, we could make a fortune on it! Let's not be disingenuous. There's tons and tons of stories like this. Out of these "tons and tons", surely you can provide us with links to your favorite ten or so examples? "Well, if a white person cites that research as a reason to halt immigration and preserve their racial and cultural homogeneity." You keep inventing stuff. None of the immigration comments referred to race/ethnicity in any way. You do realize that white people immigrate too, right? Typical BANG (Bay Area News Group) spin. What the report[0] actually counts is startups that have at least one foreign-born person listed as a founder... even those who came to the US as children and/or are US citizens. [0] http://nfap.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Immigrants-and-Bi... Postings like these remind me of the final Seinfeld thread about the group filming a crime and ridiculing the victim rather than doing anything to warn or intervene. I was mainly referring to the general case of people setting up cameras to film ice hazard roadways (especially in residential neighborhoods) for "entertainment" and do nothing to prevent or mitigate it. This user was created within a minute of this article being posted. I'm sure it's just coincidence. So this is what they've been working on instead of fixing coverage holes or support. This account was created just minutes after this posting and immediately commented on it. I'm sure it's just coincidence. (paywalled) To be fair, its owner had asked to be seated in the smoking section. It's not adjusted for reduced time spent on actual classroom and prep time or for increased benefits and pensions. "Right-wing governments had no interest in educating the workers or investing in anything other than the landowners' exports." Gee, no bias there. something unprecedented in U.S. history Hardly. For 10 such examples, see: http://thefederalist.com/2016/02/16/10-times-democrats-vowed... Blogspam of / plagiarized from http://zetcode.com/lang/csharp/oopii/ Is there anything on your site (for which only you seem to post) that isn't simply cut-and-pasted from somebody else's work? This is the 22ND Stackexchange article this submitter has shoveled over here in the past 4 days alone. https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=e-sushi TL;DR: "If you are thinking of moving to San Francisco, I think you should do it. If you don’t want to live in San Francisco, then feel free to not move here." Well, that's profound. Hopefully this gets picked up as it is quite an AWESOME app. Unless your having posted about it five separate times in an hour turns people off: https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=richardboegli If you consider citizenship to be "no benefit" (you can still vote, collect Social Security, etc. overseas), you could always renounce your citizenship. You think this says nothing for his credibility overall? His title was Senior Policy Advisor and reported directly to the Assistant Administrator. His wife is Nancy Kete, another former EPA employee and currently a managing director of the Rockefeller Foundation. They spend a lot in grants regarding "climate change"[1]. [1] http://www.insidephilanthropy.com/fundraising-for-climate-ch... We already know why she used her own private email server — to use her Blackberry Her stated reason for the request was that she didn't want to have to carry multiple devices . Apparently, she (and her "expert" staff) couldn't figure out that you can access multiple accounts (and servers) from not only one device but even within one app . This would have been a lot more entertaining had it been even a little less spammy and fawning over ZA's feature set. there are filters currently founded on xenophobia/nationalism/racism/etc. Compare the immigration restrictions of your own country to those of the USA. Aren't they more restrictive than those of the USA? And if so, doesn't that mean your country is more "xenophobic/nationalistic/racist/etc." ? Chattelizing human beings You're equating H-1B applicants to chattel slaves ? Problem 1: you want your forces to train with the same stuff we would use in combat. Problem 2: using bullets that are not solid metal ball in combat violates the Hague Convention. Pump-and-dump? Looking at their web site, I don't see a single mention of any status on any clinical trials... in any country. Very odd for something that claims to ship this year. This may be the worst app ad ever. Are brass knuckles provided? (as of today) Are you stuck in November 2012? A decent dupe filter would give better bang for the buck; dupe and dead submissions are over 40% now anyway. making it illegal to set up any large-scale wind or solar farm... when that electricity is then sold to Wyoming consumers . Export to out-of-state consumers (the vast majority of consumption) is unaffected. China is shutting down coal plants No, they are cutting back on some new plant construction , as that article says. That was only four, only in Beijing, and 22 months ago. The plants in the OP's story are what I referred to. They probably will decommission coal plants over time as more solar capacity comes online, probably east to west. I can't decide between "Advacend sieve filter setup" and "Email attachmens size". (paywalled) Are you paid to do what you are doing right now? This is beyond the pale. Next comes Godwin? This admin, for whatever reasons, is months behind the normal schedual. This admin must really suck to be "months behind" after 5 days. Please describe your process for properly vetting, nominating, debating, and confirming all (or most) ambassadorships in 4+ days, since you see that as "normal practice". Extra credit: name any three administrations that have done so. I would hope that the Secretary of State would have some say in ambassadorships, in which case the process would also be constrained until the SecState nominee is confirmed. The incoming president then says, no, no, please stay on until we have your replacement set up. ... which constitutes a rejection of the resignation. Later, when a replacement is confirmed, what happens if the offer to resign is not repeated? Do ambassadors get normal Civil Service protections? predictions which were based on statistical evidence Polls aren't evidence . In this case, they were barely data . There are polls which are designed to gauge opinion, and there are polls which are designed to steer opinion. evidence-based statistical modeling Given that the model failed, it apparently wasn't evidence-based. But PBS/NPR are "public" only in the sense they are publicly funded. They aren't balanced in any way, nor do they invite public participation. What would you consider to be the "conservative" equivalent of the following?: - To The Contrary - Latino USA - Frontline (political topics) - Democracy Now! - Charlie Rose - Tavis Smiley - John Lewis - Get in the Way Flip a coin 10,000 times, 8200 times it lands on heads. You: "The coin is not imbalanced nor is the process gamed in any way." "Man made climate change, AKA, the extreme levels of change in temperature, atmospheric composition and acidity levels in the oceans we are experiencing right now." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carboniferous Spin's bikes will be parked neatly all across the city Where? Have they arranged appropriate parking places / staging points on private property? Or do they play to just lock bikes to sign poles and streetlamps? Imagine the visual pollution of thousands of brightly-colored bikes strewn around (or, worse yet, taking up capacity in bike racks that then limits their use for individually-owned bikes). Many cities have banned random newsracks on public thoroughfares for exactly this reason (including S.F.). Regarding the WP's headline: "All four, career officers serving in positions appointed by the President, submitted letters of resignation per tradition at the beginning of a new administration. The letters from the White House said that their resignations were accepted and they were thanked for their service. The “entire senior management” team suffering this “mass” obliteration consists of Assistant Secretary of State for Administration Joyce Anne Barr, Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs Michele Bond, Ambassador Gentry O. Smith of the Office of Foreign Missions, and most notably Undersecretary for Management Patrick Kennedy, who tried to drag the FBI into Hillary Clinton’s cover-ups. Also, while most news reports described the four outgoing officials as holding their offices under both Republican and Democrat administrations, to promote the impression they were nonpartisan fixtures of the bureaucracy who just couldn’t handle the arrival of President Trump, that is really only true of Kennedy, and he was only in position for two years before the Obama administration began. Joyce Barr was appointed in 2011, while Michele Bond and Gentry Smith were appointed in 2015. The Hill reports that these four joined “a number of other officials who have departed since President Trump took office last week,” but goes on to cite only two names: Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security Gregory Starr, who retired, and Bureau of Overseas Building Operations Lydia Muniz. CNN notes that Starr only came out of retirement in 2012, and planned all along to retire at the end of the Obama administration, even if Hillary Clinton won the 2016 election... The New York Daily News falsely implied Tillerson’s visit to the State Department on Wednesday actually prompted the “walk-outs” that didn’t happen..." http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2017/01/26/fake-n... "Prosecutors in court Thursday said Cann had biked through a red light when he was hit." This is an Op-Ed piece by Roger Cohen. It's not an article. But Cohen is a Times employee ; an editor , in fact. This is not the work of some random partisan think tank writer merely carried by the Times . These two elements go well beyond the pale of any sense of journalism: 1) "... his cavalier trashing of the alliance and union that ushered the the Continent from its darkest hours..." Um, what ? When has he trashed (cavalierly or not) the USA-Britain alliance of WW2? Has the P.M. stated anything of the kind? 2) Cohen's piling-on of personal insults. He has no place diagnosing anyone with "narcissistic personality disorder", let alone claiming that Trump has a "lust for torture... and carnage ". Who hated whom? Here are some pertinent quotes from Iran's Supreme Leader[0] (repeating "Death to America!" less than 2 years ago) and President[1]: [0] http://www.timesofisrael.com/khamenei-calls-death-to-america... [1] "Saying 'Death to America' is easy. We need to express 'Death to America' with action. Saying it is easy." "The beautiful cry of 'Death to America' unites our nation." (Wikiquote) People are being locked in jails for attempting to enter the US with what were valid visas Name three. TSA officers are allowed to take somebody off a plane in Dubai ? It also strikes me as odd that she never followed up on her own thread (it's now 9 hours later as I write this). What languages do not support the equivalent of #ifdef in the C world, such that you can have variations in actionable code without having permanently separated code branches? ... career DHS staff... including the head of Customs & Border Patrol, were kept entirely out of the loop until the order was signed. Not sure who these "heavy sources" are talking about, given that CBP head Mark Morgan resigned in the first week of Trump's administration. The Washington Post emailed a story ("News Alert Fri., Jan. 27, 2017 7:39 p.m.") that described the travel constraints as an unqualified "... 90-day halt to all entry from seven Muslim-majority countries". That's a flat lie, and it was eventually changed on the website. with exceptions for minority religions. That appears to be totally false. Where do you get that? https://www.dhs.gov/news/2017/01/29/protecting-nation-foreig... the FISA Amendments Act of 2008 In 2008, Democrats controlled both houses of Congress. Note that Intercept claims to have been sitting on this content since "before the election" yet holds it for a massive flood in the first week of the new Administration. Again disproves your claim about "A ban on 7 Muslim-majority countries with exceptions for minority religions". The "ban" is religion-blind. In the future , as refugee claims processing resumes , minorities can be prioritized ; it does not "ban" with religion-specific exclusions altogether... now, or then. 4. Application was subsequently approved in large part on the basis of the donation Source? "Looking at initial drafts of the Affordable Care Act early in its history versus what ultimately passed Congress is a depressing reminder of how willing Democratic partisans are willing to compromise their values in terms of playing ball with an enemy team..." They made no attempt to compromise on the ACA. They didn't need to -- they passed it with zero GOP votes in the House and almost zero in the Senate. They didn't even let Reps or Senators see the bill before the vote! No, at least three were in the USA illegally on 9/11.[0] It's another example of Factcheck.org's unreliability. [0] http://www.fairus.org/issue/identity-and-immigration-status-... I don't think that contradicts the other comment. Sure it does; " were all here on legal visas" is false. That some of them overstayed or didn't meet the terms of their visas Even those that did have legal paperwork all obtained it via fraudulent means by lying on their applications as to purpose of visit; technically speaking, none was here legally. AP is probably the most partisan of the USA wire services. Here's an example: http://bigstory.ap.org/article/3c437475b6384b91913d5ffee2b91... Note the partisan wording and contrast that with their past, fawning articles about the Pelosi-run House. "GOP pushes ..." "Republicans jammed ..." "... a warning shot that they might deploy brute political muscle ..." "With a near-toxic vapor of divisiveness between the two parties across Capitol Hill, nasty showdowns broke out..." " Busting through a Democratic boycott..." "...dominated by confrontation, even as lawmakers braced for an even more ferocious battle ..." "... fueled the fire by urging Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., to 'go nuclear' ..." (note that AP calls it the " nuclear option " when Republicans even consider it but used no such terminology when Reid actually implemented it in the last term) "...Wednesday's abruptly called Finance Committee meeting..." etc. Today's SF Chronicle used a more severe headline for this article: "GOP Pastes 2 top Cabinet picks..." ("pastes" being American slang for a violent, successfully-landed punch, not adhering two items together) The latter give cover to the former, making the rioting possible and preventing apprehension of the rioters. 06:00 - woke up 06:05 - got out of bed 06:10 - dragged a comb across my head 06:15 - Found my way downstairs 06:20 - drank a cup 06:30 - looking up, I noticed I was late 06:32 - found my coat, and grabbed my hat 06:33 - made the bus in seconds flat ... 16:30 - Found my way upstairs and had a smoke 16:50 - Somebody spoke and I went into a dream would you agree that the way this is being handled shakes confidence for visitors I (for one) would agree that the way this is being reported in the mainstream media can shake confidence for visitors. A lot of people don't realize who wrote that song; the original album credit said just "Christopher". With Buzzfeed, (anecdote * 5) == journalism What a crock. This rule was put in place only one month before the end of the Administration, six weeks after Trump's election. https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=OSM-2010-0018-10632 I could go on an on No doubt, but perhaps next time you'll provide a reference or two? " Impostor " appears to be as difficult to spell on Medium as "discreet" is on Craigslist. (paywalled)... but the "web" links takes you to other reports on the same story. (Flash video; "Read More" link does nothing) Paypal is risky for sellers because you face two levels of fraud vector from fraudulent buyers. Even if you abide by all of Paypal's requirements, if the underlying bank/network does a chargeback, Paypal takes your money ( plus a fee, so you've lost the full value of the item plus your shipping cost plus an additional Paypal fee). For buyers, in cases where they are on the hook because they were defrauded, they have been known to throw up ludicrous barriers to refunds. I had a case where they insisted they had "proof of delivery" of a never-received item... and the tracking data they provided as "proof" showed a destination in another state . "the analysis finds that steeply falling costs for renewables and other clean energy technologies has made traditional electricity fuels — namely coal and oil — less competitive than ever before." Is oil burned as a regional electricity source anywhere in the USA? Even oil production regions tend to have more natural gas than they know what to do with for electrical generation. Despite Scientific American's broad language, the BCSE paper gives no data on transportation fuels , which are not a significant portion of your average American household's energy costs. Had she left the secured area of the airport to go outside or offsite and then re-enter? I can't imagine American DHS agents roaming free in a Canadian airport... especially confronting a Canadian citizen inside Canada. Note that this predates the Trump administration. as to the subject of the pipeline running through native american territory... that's a whole different issue. Especially since the pipeline will not enter Native American territory at any point. Delays in, and cancellations of, nuclear projects for political reasons have had a huge environmental impact, resulting in billions of tons of CO2 release that would not have happened (counting just one pollutant). (Also, premature decommissioning for political reasons, (e.g. Rancho Seco) That was also the basis for the Army Corps of Engineers ordering a more extensive environmental review. No, that was a purely political decision that gave absolutely no indication of specific deficiencies in the original EIR, nor did it spell out any specific requirements for a "new" EIR. tl;dr "I let my weight affect my self-esteem, so I avoid the scale. Ignorance is relative bliss." Bad idea. Weight is a metric for your health. The raw number means little on its own, but it gives you an objective measurement of a key health metric. A lot of my patients can trace their weight getting out of control back to scale avoidance. Ignorance is not bliss. Weight (mass) is just one number, but it's the easiest to measure. Get a good impedance scale for estimating lean mass vs bodyfat, so you know what you gain and lose. An unexplained loss of lean mass can be indicative of several serious (and urgent) medical issues. Measure. Record. Watch for trends. Numbers don't judge. Your scale is not your judge or jury; it's a friend who won't lie to you. Do you see much "creativity and discovery" coming out of present-day homeless shelters and encampments? Title changed to clickbait. Tesla has nothing to do with this TAL episode; the Tesla name is never used. The only connection is that the former NUMMI site now holds Tesla assembly operations. Marxist academics tend to have selective memory. A lot of the failures of the law I put on Republicans. You mean, the Republicans who were not allowed to see the bill at all before having to vote on it? It's hard to fix something you aren't allowed to read , let alone introduce amendments to.[0] [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hV-05TLiiLU EDIT: added Pelosi quote video link Of course. So, for those states that are better run, people will generally migrate there. Similarly, people who seek greater publicly-funded benefits will migrate to those areas that provide more. Out of all the people that want gun control, none advocate for an amendment to revoke the second. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), for one, is on record as supporting "turn in (all of) your guns", were it politically possibly. (August 2013, and the only reference to Dr. King's own words on the subject is a broken link. No King quotes relevant to UBI are provided.) Your manners need work. The article you quote is from a month before the final version of the bill was even prepared (H.R. 3590), let alone submitted for vote. Bills in progress mean nothing, especially to that Democrat leadership, who often used the gut-and-amend procedure to completely redo legislation on the fly, avoiding rules regarding which committee(s) a bill must traverse. At their last big rally in sacramento last year, 10 people were stabbed, all by the neo-Nazi side. That's not how it was reported. There was no violent contact until "black bloc" rioters armed with clubs rushed the cordon.[0] There were two reported stab wounds that required a trip to hospital. [0] https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/jun/26/white-nation... It wasn't just his boyfriend ; it was a male prostitute operating from Frank's own house per the Washington Post[0]. [0] http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinto... The Sacbee article directly contradicts your version, stating half as many stabbing versions and clearly reporting that the "anarchists" (as you put it) initiated the violence. Is their claim factually incorrect? Darn convenient that two different people just happened to create accounts just after you posted this and just happened to land on your submission... and comment on it. BEWARE: clicktrap site that locks up your browser pane/tab. This has been posted at least NINETEEN times in the past 18 hours. (19 still survive, anyway... not counting any flagged down as dupes:) https://hn.algolia.com/?query=Instapaper%20Outage%20Cause%20... Have you read any of the Geneva Conventions, let alone those specifically to which the USA is a signatory? Their rules for the treatment of prisoners are limited to uniformed combatants with specific insignia , not random terrorists or insurgents hiding among civilians. Did you apply your genuine curiosity to reading the rules in detail and formulate why you specifically think the entire rules' contents are important to retain and have no downside? Did you then ask yourself if the need for this rule, as written, is so compelling, why did the Obama Administration only sneak it in the week before Trump was elected ? Speaking of bias: the Daily Beast, Politico, and NPR are defined as centrist . Note that if you try to read this off the original scout.ai site (on Chrome), it clicktraps you from navigating back out , so do it in a tab whose context you don't care about. That alone is enough for me to choose not read the author at all. His partisan rant notwithstanding, the gerrymanders he complains about are Democrat , not Republican, in origin. Democrats have had complete control of the California legislature for two decades running (probably three+ , excluding part of the one 1995-1997 term for just the Assembly). As for New York, its current legislative boundaries' most recent partisan gerrymander was also Democrat, but the existing boundaries were drawn by a panel of Federal judges ... and their product was largely praised by Democrat stakeholders: "The plan is largely the same as that proposed by the magistrate judge, Roanne L. Mann. Judge Mann produced her map with assistance from a redistricting expert at Columbia Law School, Nathaniel Persily. They did not take into account the residences of incumbent lawmakers, and their proposal drew praise from government watchdog groups for its compact, common-sense districts. The lawyers who brought a lawsuit on behalf of a group of civic leaders and urged the federal courts to take over the process praised the judges’ order."[0] [0] http://www.nytimes.com/2012/03/20/nyregion/judges-impose-new... Blogspam of http://ns.umich.edu/new/releases/24578-diabetes-in-your-dna-... Clickbait submitter title change. Neither the title of the article nor the Congressmember's page says anything about Civil forfeiture. But it's not illegal for a US citizen to be carrying no form of identification On a commercial flight? Of course it is. This is different from accosting a pedestrian on a street without probable cause. [EDIT: Note what the regulation actually says: "If your identity is confirmed, you will be allowed to enter the screening checkpoint ." (That does NOT, in itself, include boarding a plane .) Continuing: "You may be subject to additional screening. You will not be allowed to fly if your identity cannot be confirmed , you chose to not provide proper identification or you decline to cooperate with the identity verification process." So, had there been passengers for which a knowing exception had been made, the investigators would have known that going in. So, it's wrong to say that "it's illegal" to be on a commercial flight in that case, but for the purpose of this specific search, any such granted variances would have had to be on record, and known to the investigators. 4 mils seed fund with no product or traction? ... or Head of Marketing, or Head of Design (per their Openings) Plagiarized from PNAS: http://www.pnas.org/content/113/39/10824.full.pdf Plagiarized from PNAS: http://www.pnas.org/content/113/46/E7337.full.pdf Plagiarized version of: http://www.archives-pmr.org/article/S0003-9993(16)30906-6/fu... Note the embedded Fake News: the referenced "church shelter" in VA is referred to as a "hypothermia shelter" twice in the linked article... but the overnight low temperature was 51 degrees [0]. [0] http://www.accuweather.com/en/us/alexandria-va/22314/februar... Please describe how someone in the US illegally can survive without committing other crimes (if they can't work legally and they can't obtain welfare legally, how do they support themselves entirely within the law?) The rule in question was just stuck in there one week before Trump was elected, so the Obama administration can't have thought it that necessary. This is sloppy reporting: "In the space of 12 months, the number of gay men in London being diagnosed with HIV had dropped by 40%. Across England it was down by a third." The New Scientist article they link to has it correct -- this is a drop in reported new infections, not a drop in infected persons. It still hasn't been corrected. HN is infamous for posters who claim to be making half a mil easily ... in one conversation, while complaining about having 3 roommates in a two-bedroom apartment in another. This really pisses me off. This rule was published just a week before the election and is yet even to go into effect. If this rule, as written, was important to install, why did the Obama administration wait 7+ years to implement it? Two obvious possibilities: (1) there's no point in meeting foreign policymakers until you're own policy is finalized, and (2) Espinosa is a politician/diplomat with no scientific training or expertise. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patricia_Espinosa This is natural economics in action due to limited exports of burrito, caused primarily by the spread of Pathogenic Burrito Blight in Central America. They already did, back in 2023. [EDIT}: I meant they will in 2023. Maybe. We can't possibly tell, of course. You just posted this yesterday. Why did you change the title to something less specific? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13796675 You personally have made 4 of the last 6 HN submits of their blogspam articles. Why are you trying to drive undeserved traffic to their site? And why defend blogspam sites in general? theverge.com's clickbait title drops "new" ("a new iPhone") from the quote. Anyway, Obama himself made a similar statement, only more broad in scope (give up cable TV and/or cellphone in general ): To quote Obama: "Knowing you can offer your family the security of health care -- that’s priceless. Now you can do it for the cost of your cable bill. Probably less than your cellphone bill. (Laughter and applause.)"[1] [1] https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2013/0... Scoring? This is California government entities spending CA taxpayer money filing redundant lawsuits against a much deeper pocket, also funded by taxpayers. The law firms hired as part of the process are the winners. Guess who the losers are. The bill does no such thing: https://www.congress.gov/115/bills/hr1313/BILLS-115hr1313ih.... Relevant quotes: "...workplace wellness programs and programs of health promotion or disease prevention offered by an employer that provide for more favorable treatment of individuals with adverse health factors as described..." "...the collection of information about the manifested disease or disorder of a family member..." But nothing about forcing genetic testing on employees. Four: their metric for success is web volume : "Its Web traffic ... far outstrips The New York Times (and even BuzzFeed) in the number of online posts its reporters file every day ." And "Today, the office has the feel of a tech startup well-blessed by the VC gods. Video screens scrolling Web analytics hang above the newsroom." Not news alerts. Not stock tickers. Web analytics are the coin of their realm. Also this, from the interview: "When Jeff bought us, within about six months, he threw (profitability) out. Now there are three other criteria. It’s basically: How fast do you move? It’s very subjective. The second one is that there are no sacred cows, to push experimentation. The third thing is debate, but commit. So you can argue all you want, but once we agree, then there’s no undermining." In other words, "we've chosen the narrative; don't you content producers DARE to go outside it." The bill does no such thing: https://www.congress.gov/115/bills/hr1313/BILLS-115hr1313ih.... Relevant quotes: "...workplace wellness programs and programs of health promotion or disease prevention offered by an employer that provide for more favorable treatment of individuals with adverse health factors as described..." "...the collection of information about the manifested disease or disorder of a family member..." But nothing about forcing genetic testing on employees. If they change the URL, type "121G" in their Search box. Currently showing out of stock. You capitalize it, yet you still misinterpret it. See: http://www.snopes.com/genetic-testing-bill/ There is nothing in this bill that empowers your insurer to sequence your genome in the first place. There is nothing in this bill that allows your insurer to sequence your genome in the first place. Lots of factual errors here, one obvious one being "... Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was signed, requiring Mexico to cede more than half of its territory to the U.S." Ceded territory: 525,000 square miles Mexico size afterward: 761,610 square miles They are oddly content with the Obama Administration having that same policy for 97% of its tenure and the same effect for 100% of its tenure (the rule to limit it was only put in a week before the election and had yet to take effect). It is worth noting that the trend in migration from Mexico to the USA has actually reversed lately. No, it hasn't. The only study that even claimed that misinterpreted the two studies that produced the raw numbers. The inbound figures counted only working-age adults. It ignored all children and infants, including the huge number of unaccompanied infants. The outbound figures counted everybody , including children and infants. There was a net increase overall. Do you really not understand the difference between a noun and a verb ? the imbalance between what California contributes vs receivers Do you have a firsthand source for that, or are you just quoting unsupported media quotes? The one study on that topic that I've seen omitted a lot of Federal spending in CA, such as transfer payments, military personnel, CA's share of defense spending, etc. Remember that CA has had a lot of power in Congress under Democrats, including two senior Senators and the Speaker of the House twice. Only a small amount of that $647 million was going to Caltrain electrification. It was wrapped in a boondoggle of an omnibus transit spending bill. The real political battle here is to limit Federal spending on CA's ill-routed HSR. The Democrats are free to introduce a clean bill with just the Caltrain electrification funds. A clean bill (funding ALL of it, even) would sail through Congress. I find it absurd to even consider a person, a HUMAN BEING, to be illegal It's not about a person "being illegal"; it's about a person doing illegal deeds . For example: a storefront "doctor" with no license does cosmetic surgery procedures in a back room. Do you call him an "undocumented plastic surgeon"? The February study by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy says that, on average, the nation’s estimated 11 million undocumented residents pay a total of about 8 percent of their incomes in state and local taxes each year[0]. That's total taxation, encompassing sales tax, and (for those not being paid "under the table"), income tax and FICA. Again, that's a national average; in CA, sales tax would make it higher). That's not remotely paying all of their own way overall. As for overall impact: "Ira Mehlman of the Federation for American Immigration Reform said the $11.74 billion tax contribution covers only a small fraction of what undocumented residents and their dependents use in government services. The Washington, D.C. organization, which favors stricter immigration enforcement, estimates it collectively costs state and local governments about $84 billion a year to provide education, health care, public safety and other services to undocumented residents and their dependents."[0] As for Social Security, they get that back as much as legal residents do, if they file for it. Quoting your source: "He calculates that undocumented immigrants paid $13 billion into the retirement trust fund that year, and only got about $1 billion in benefits." That's retirement benefits alone, being paid out already . As these payees age and retire, they'll collect far more than they paid in, and that will worsen as lifespans increase... hence it being referred to as a "Ponzi Scheme". "We lose money on every transaction, but we make it up in volume!" [0] SJ Mercury News, March 3, page B2, "Undocumented immigrants’ taxes calculated" The hostage-taking here is in the form of the $647 million omnibus transit bill encompassing the Caltrain electrification portion. It's like kidnapping a kitten and demanding a $100 ransom for "kitten food" or the kitten dies... then spending $1 on kitten food. And you'll likely have to pay more to get the kitten back later anyway. The Democrats are free to introduce a clean bill with just the Caltrain electrification funds. A clean bill (funding ALL of it, even) would sail through Congress. One key factor is that they require English fluency, since every employee is in a position to be customer-facing. The progression with most other fast food chains in CA was that once you start hiring employees who don't speak English, then you have to have all shift managers be Spanish-speaking, leaving no upward path for line employees who aren't bilingual. Before long, most of the kitchen crew is non-English-speaking. They don't have franchises like the other chains. I don't think that's a factor. Both corporate-owned stores and franchisees use the same employee demographics, generally. Sometimes you'll find a franchisee who is an immigrant from outside the Americas and find a lot of family members and their friends making up the crew. (For example, there's a local Taco Bell that has more South-Asian employees than not.) In my experience, there are many black employees at fast food places in Oakland and southeastern S.F. (Bayview). Working in fast food means responsibility and planning: time clock, rules, clean uniform, proper shoes, standards for behavior, etc. Some millenials aren't held to such basic standards elsewhere in life yet. (paywalled) I think The Intercept is the most important news organization and overall a profoundly beneficial force Does that include Juan Thompson[0]? [0] http://www.businessinsider.com/intercept-reporter-juan-thomp... quoting from the article I linked: "The tweet was sent by the Twitter handle @juanmthompson, which is listed on the Intercept's website as belonging to the reporter ..." Two things to note on this: 1) the Obama policy (not even official administrative rule with any weight of enforcement, just a memo with a veiled threat of negative attention if flouted with any frequency) was only in place for his last 1.5 years. This letter just pulls that back to the first 6.5 years of his reign. 2) Note this quote: "The withdrawal of the Obama administration memo arrives the same week as a report from the Consumer Federation of America (CFA) showing that millions of people had not made a payment on $137 billion in federal student loans for at least nine months in 2016, a 14 percent increase in defaults from a year earlier. " In other words, after this rule was put in place, millions of loan recipients stopped making any payment altogether and 14% more entered default despite added mechanisms for avoiding default . This article doesn't even go into the huge taxpayer bailout of students of closed and failing for-profit diploma mills[0]. It was an unprecedented windfall for those affected, the entire debt was forgiven , they took no hit on their credit, and the debt forgiveness wasn't counted as income by the IRS (like debt forgiveness normally works). Taxpayers paid for it all. It was a great buy-off of new voters. An obvious small mitigation would have been to instead have their debt applied against a replacement degree program (e.g. you owe $20,000, you go to a new school at $10,000 tuition per year, then your first two years' tuition payments wipe out that debt, with interest charges stopped while in school). [0] https://www.usnews.com/education/blogs/student-loan-ranger/2... [EDIT]: Here is the original Obama FFEL memo: https://ifap.ed.gov/dpcletters/attachments/GEN1513.pdf "Our own customer service team is composed of CEOs, co-founders, CTOs, developers, and of course, customer experience gurus." Good for you! But your typical company doesn't have that depth and breadth of human resources available for customer service. Where was the ACLU when this policy was in place for 96% of the Obama Administration? The FCC just changed it a week before the last election. Our recruiting team is sourcing only female engineers. This is a definition of "diversity" with which I was previously unfamiliar. "In October, the Federal Communications Commission — then under former Democratic Chairman Tom Wheeler — began mandating that ISPs obtain consumers’ permission before turning over their private data to third parties, like advertisers." This is a flat lie. That rule change has never taken effect and, even if left alone, could not have taken effect any earlier than next October. (IIRC, that's in Section 310.) All of these creepy things and more could have been done all along , including the entire Obama administration through right now. Why did the EFF not care about it until now? no Democrats want to take away any guns. Oh, yes they have. Heck, Dianne Feinstein went on 60 Minutes advocating door-to-door collection, lamenting the Constitutional barriers to doing so. Posting this every hour is a bit needy. https://news.ycombinator.com/from?site=postlight.com And then when you do get cancer or some other expensive disease, the rest of us get to pay for your treatment. Yes, that's the exact strategy that Obamacare rewards. The Democrats could have limited "preexisting condition" protections to those who obtained coverage in the first year for as long as they retained coverage (in any form, including MedicAid). They chose not to. You misunderstand. Your data is available now . It was made available by Obama starting in 2015 when he removed FTC authority over them. That tap wouldn't shut off until December at the earliest if the current administration did nothing . The EFF is oddly silent about why they've been so oddly silent about this exposure for close to 3 years now. I'm sure it's just coincidence that both the submitter and the commenter are brand-new accounts created in the same hour... the hour this was submitted. Well, calling them "old" is silly because these privacy improvements never went into effect . Referring to this privacy exposure as "something that may/will happen because of Trump" ignores that it is already Federal law and has been since 2015. Yes, in removing FTC authority over broadband, the Obama administration created this privacy exposure in the first place . That tap wouldn't shut off until next December at the earliest if the current administration did nothing. That privacy ship has sailed. Broadband providers can have been sucking this data up for over two years by the time this particular Obama regulation would kick in, even if left as was. The Obama administration could have timed the FTC authority removal to not happen until replacement protections were in place, but, no. The EFF is oddly silent about why they've been so oddly silent about this exposure for over a year now. Their partisanship is showing. does that mean that our data was already (or is currently) being sold? Probably. I doubt that broadband carriers would admit it publicly one way or the other. They've been able to for at least 1.5 years, and counting. WaPo has never been and will never even come close to Breitbart. Well, they certainly weren't close to the Obama administration or Clinton campaign like WaPo was, as clearly revealed in numerous WikiLeaks-exposed email exchanges. Meanwhile, if you see any factual errors on Breitbart, by all means post them. support the EFF Not to say that most of what EFF does isn't valuable, but this privacy exposure has been going on for over a year and a half already . Why didn't the EFF call attention to it until now? You seem to have missed the news that the privacy exposure you fear from the Obama regulation change being removed is already happening and has been since 2015. The Obama administration kept that privacy hole open and didn't submit a privacy regulation until three months ago , and it wouldn't take effect until next December at the earliest anyway. Indeed, most people do not understand the reality of the subject at all. Those rules were a proactive measure Were? Obama's rules affected by this legislation wouldn't have taken effect until next December at the earliest. It was an Obama administration screwup that opened this privacy hole in 2015, and it's been there ever since. Why is the outrage only popping up now ? The ISPs have almost 2 years' worth of data already. This article is a very good example of WP bias. First of all, it ignores that the Obama administration tried to overrule a law with an Executive rule change , which is NOT legal. So, example quotes: 1) ...the Trump administration may quietly revoke the ability There is no legal ability to do this. Federal Court has already ruled Obama's action in this to be illegal. 2) and are typically high-skilled themselves Their example (Ranjith) wants to do afterschool tutoring. 3) “All my employees,” Ranjith is quick to note, “are citizens, of course. They were all born here.” There is no way she would know that. At most, they could all have claimed to be born in the US, but that's not necessary and is none of her business. In fact, it's illegal for her to even ask that. 4) A lawsuit challenging the rule was filed in 2015 and recently landed in federal appeals court. Appeals court means that the rule was already ruled illegal at the Federal District Court level. That's a big detail to leave out. 5) A settlement with the plaintiffs would effectively allow Sessions to kill the rule Actually, the rule is dead unless Sessions were to pursue an appeal and win (and be upheld if SCOTUS were to accept an appeal from there). etc. arstechnica is one of the few sites that is accurately stating that these privacy exposures exist now and stem from during the Obama administration (in 2015). It's implied in the wording of this article, but their linked article from 24 March spells it out better: "So what has changed for Internet users? In one sense, nothing changed this week, because the requirement to obtain customer consent before sharing or selling data is not scheduled to take effect until at least December 4, 2017. ISPs didn’t have to follow the rules yesterday or the day before, and they won’t ever have to follow them if the rules are eliminated." Instead of just implementing the late-term Obama rule that was to take effect in December or later, we should be pushing for a more broad replacement rule that also encompasses major content providers such as Amazon, Netflix, Hulu, and Google/Youtube. TL;DR: The Copyright Office was a money-wasting complete clusterf.ck under the prior administration, but don't you dare let the new administration or Congress change anything. Um, what? It would be useful if workers in such companies would take "before" pictures now of places where openings are supposed to be posted (e.g. lunchrooms, other common areas) and see how much change there is over the next few weeks. "Why are there a couple of dozen job postings put up in the lunchroom all of a sudden? They've never been there before." Fake news yet again. This author doesn't understand that all of these exposures have been effective since at least 2015 and, had the Obama-era regulation not changed at all, would continue through December or later ( never if it failed to get OMB approval). Soon every mistake you’ve ever made online will not only be available to your internet service provider (ISP)... Not "soon". Already and for over 1.5 years now. Thanks to last week’s US Senate decision and yesterday’s House decision, ISPs can sell your entire web browsing history No, that's been the case and would be for over two years. The only rules that prevented this No, the Obama rule change didn't take effect during his term and would not have until next December. etc. etc. "Even in a country where mass shootings are common ..." Speaking of "conspiracy theorists"... Yes. The ISP-consumer relationship falls under contract law (civil). "... the Santa Cruz County Sheriff’s Office refused to hold Tichelman any longer than her sentence dictated..." ICE had requested a mere 24-hour hold; it was refused because of "Sanctuary" policy. It must be, for you to feel the need to post it 3 times a day: https://hn.algolia.com/?query=One%20of%20My%20Favourite%20Pu... What percentage of homeless adults spend less than $200/month on drugs? (including alcohol and tobacco, excluding prescription meds) Source? SF's official stats have most of their homeless coming from outside of the city/county altogether with their sole SF "residence" being shelters and/or outdoors. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14690329 69+ comments also: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14705156 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14700272 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14699652 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14696964 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14695876 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14694278 I really shouldn’t be writing this I support that idea (at least with respect to posting it here ). Especially with the cross-site layered redirect to Medium and obnoxious popup overlays at both stages. Blogspam of https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-most-useless-job-you-can-t... Blogspam of https://www.quora.com/One-celebrity-will-hunt-you-down-and-t... Blogspam of https://www.quora.com/What-would-you-do-if-the-purge-were-re... Blogspam of https://writingcooperative.com/the-first-word-exercise-1ab3f... Blogspam of https://medium.com/@ajinkya.goyal/over-surveillance-c3a1bd6c... Blogspam of https://medium.com/@ajinkya.goyal/so-you-think-gmo-is-bad-3f... Blogspam of https://medium.com/@ajinkya.goyal/brain-gym-5791b59b7ad0 Just right-click on "Discuss" first. Then, click through to the submission. Back-arrow takes you back to the discussion page for that article. For those unfamiliar with this pop-culture reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djKPvXDwXcs Bear in mind that these were not photovoltaic (electricity-generating) panels. They were used only to heat water for laundry; they did not replace the fossil-fuel water heating used elsewhere throughout the White House (e.g. in the residence, offices, guest rooms, sinks, tubs, or showers). Far more energy was used in their manufacture and installation than conserved by their use. This is not to say that solar water-heating isn't a good application for large-scale water heating over time (e.g. a swimming pool), or a campsite shower. I don't think anybody questions his character (aside from the BCCI scandal and the Bert Lance appointment), just his competence in that particular role. If only he had made Rickover Secretary of Defense... In general, it's a poor technological implementation for such promos to be implemented as a hard clock-time boundary with no workaround whatsoever at the user level. There's a broad design issue to be considered here, for retail and elsewhere. Clickbait false title. You still have time to return your HN to place of purchase for a full refund. according to screenshots of their text messages Which the Guardian does not show at all, and no source that I can find has published a complete, unedited account of the text exchange. [He announced, “According to a recent study from the University of California, Riverside, cities with these policies have more violent crime on average than those that don’t. ”] ... [In fact, our study suggests a different conclusion: Municipalities that chose to designate themselves as sanctuary cities for undocumented immigrants experience crime rates no higher than THEY (that sampled subset of sanctuary cities) otherwise would .] Fake news. That's not a "different" conclusion; that's a conclusion about completely different criteria. For him to be "wrong", they'd have to show that the violent crime rate for sanctuary cities overall is not greater than that of all other cities overall. They only included a few cities in the stated study (they are not listed in its abstract). Your relentless self-promotion of your blog articles in HN comments is getting really old. It's inappropriate enough that you self-submit every one of your blog entries to HN, relevant or not. Yet, tens of millions do. I actually write quite a lot more than what I self submit. That's your response? Seriously? A somewhat-veiled threat of additional inappropriate spamming? I ... go out to eat when craving company or flavor. I buy my staple food online I buy with Saucey ... None of which represents "giving up" the grid as much as offloading related guilt to somebody else. I take Uber ... (most of them are Priuses which use DC motors so I’m good there). Magical DC motors that don't consume fuel from an infrastructure that is completely reliant on the grid, apparently. "the couple were among about 500 Facebook cafeteria workers who elected to join a union, Unite Here Local 19." Hence, the Guardian article. Their Head of Product couldn't come up with a more explanatory or relevant title for his introduction? Or, at least, use a more expansive title for the HN submission? Wow. It gets worse. Just on the first pass: Medium provides the opprotunity... un-nerving it's evil sibling the political isle it's few flaws ... plus the run-on sentences and such. I'm not sure why Medium has such a low bar for writing skills and no editors. It's like randomly surfing WordPress pages. I'm constantly on my iPhone or my iPad checking Facebook, Twitter, ... I'm not surprised. Mr. Great CEO should make a proofreader his next hire. "When SJWs in Silicon Valley realize that their ideological enemies are hiding, they might actively search them out. They might become suspicious of the guy who was the first to stop clapping when a new diversity initiative was announced." This oddly parallels recent responses of Kim Jong-Un to those whose enthusiasm for his every word appears to falter at all. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/13/north-korean-d... https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/12/12... chemical castration Equating temporary and removable birth control with "castration" is ludicrous. 1981 isn't "recent", and it was illegal even then, as your link states clearly. Are they hiring? "This isn’t the first case of animals fighting back against the degradation of the environment" Anthropomorphize much? And let's not forget their participation in at least one de facto cartel to suppress salaries. https://phys.org/news/2015-01-apple-google-settlement-high-t... TL;DR: 1) create an artificial new definition of "subsidy" 2) blame all suburban development and urban flight on these "subsidies". If only the EFF had bothered to take up such Principled Stances against the prior Administration, which put all this infrastructure in place. 1) filing an amicus brief is not "suing" 2) A FOIA case isn't exactly criticizing the administration on policy . 3) 4) and 5) the NSA suit originated against the GW Bush Administration. Quoting their own press release : "Specifically the EFF wants the government to make public a secret court ruling that found that the feds had broken a 2008 wiretapping law that was intended to legalize President George W. Bush's warrantless wiretapping program." To be intellectually honest about the public stances they take on issues they claim to support and rights they claim to defend, compare their press releases[1] from during the Obama Administration versus during the Trump administration (or GWB administration) with respect to identical, specific acts by the Obama administration. Note specifically their silence on Internet Privacy (lost under Obama, then reimplemented in a weaker way and delayed) and on Net Neutrality (also lost under Obama and limited to a half-assed after-the-fact regulation change). [1] https://www.eff.org/updates?type=press_release Only after the New York Times (of all places) reported on it first. And they didn't even bother writing a press release on the subject[1]. [1] https://www.eff.org/updates?type=press_release&page=1 That strategy worked so well in 1930s Europe (not just Germany). Extremist views are hard to fight when they are safely hidden away. Like any infection, it's best to expose them to the light of day. It's more effective to point and laugh than to throw projectiles and yell. (Had that strategy been employed in 1923, there would have been no Mein Kampf .) Executive Orders do not trump law, let alone Constitutional rights. This is why the majority of Obama's Executive Orders that were subjected to court scrutiny were overturned. We criminalize all sorts of speech, everything from libel to copyrighted works. Libel and copyright violations are not criminalized (civil law, rather than criminal law, applies). ... which is why the comment said, "lazy editing ". The NYT chose to publish this in full. They bear responsibility for what they choose to put on their pages. 1) be influential, 2) complain publicly 3) don't buy their products. I believe that we have a winner in the "Which site packs the most full-motion, obnoxious video ads on one page?" contest. Are you male? In my case, all 5 phones are on the same plan and account. The original June 27 press release: https://www.newamerica.org/open-markets/press-releases/open-... "If you’d been born 1,500 years ago in southern Europe, you’d have been convinced that the Roman empire would last forever... By 476 CE it was gone." Math fail. If I had been born in CE 517, it would have been "gone" for 40 years already even before I was born , so I doubt I would have ever thought it would last forever. Then again, as a newborn, I wasn't very bright. No, they couldn't, because they didn't have 60 votes in the Senate to break a filibuster Wrong on multiple counts. 1) they did have a 60-vote supermajority[1] for much of 2009-2010, given that the two "independents" always caucused with Democrats, and 2) the filibuster threshold was just a Senate rule that could be changed at any time by the majority (and the Democrats later did exactly that). 3) at least four[2] Republican senators overtly supported amnesty and would not have supported a filibuster of any immigration measure. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/111th_United_States_Congress#P... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gang_of_Eight_(immigration) This is a great study on California politics in a nutshell. "So that’s what I mean by “helping you move freely throughout your city” — we are removing these barriers of stress, worry, and anxiety and enabling you to just go." That’s a grand statement coming from a company that, generally speaking, blatantly ignores the disabled among their clientele. Related: "We Were Wrong, Climate Scientists Concede -- worst predictions of climate change can be avoided" https://www.thegwpf.com/we-we-wrong-climate-scientists-conce... https://hn.algolia.com/?query=5%20lessons%20I%20learned%20tr... Kinda sad, really. He seems to be just indiscriminately shoveling links from a few selected sites onto HN (13 paywalled links from wsj.com alone in the past 24 hours). "The campus can regulate where, when and how speech occurs to ensure the functioning of the campus and achieve important goals, such as protecting public safety. ..." "The campus might invoke its time, place and manner discretion, for example, to ensure that an event with a highly controversial speaker would be held in a venue that the campus police force believes to be protectable..." " if despite all efforts by the campus there is a serious threat to public safety and no other alternative, a speaker’s event can be cancelled. ..." "Berkeley offers many resources, including counseling services, for students who have been affected physically, mentally or emotionally by such events. ..." "At times, (the choice to intervene against physical attacks) requires a difficult but appropriate real-time assessment that efforts to effect arrests would likely lead to numerous serious injuries, or worse, among innocent bystanders. ..." "We are not aware of any public university that has cancelled an already scheduled appearance, or an invitation issued by a legally independent student group." Um, what? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15310664 650+ points, 570+ comments The first step to anonymity is learning how to spell it. Typos are inherently conspicuous. "Data from Media Cloud, a database that collects news published on the internet every day, shows that the devastation in Puerto Rico is getting comparatively little attention..." But the graph (and data) cut off before Maria even made landfall in P.R. It didn't make landfall until 10:15 on the 20th. "The service is unavailable." I tried a few "beginner" ones at random and none showed actual satellite imagery, just snippets of maps. (?) This is in response to this Mercury-News article: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15154200 Actual URL: https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/04/peter-thiel-sean-parker-inve... The "bump stock" device allegedly used by the Vegas shooter was approved in June 2010... by the Obama administration . looking at the comments, I'm beginning to think the flagging was appropriate Flagging/downvoting the comments would be appropriate in that case; the article should stand on its own merit. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15405033 TL;DR: "Normally, they pay you 20-60 cents per 1000 keystrokes." Of the 70 to 80 people in the lodge 70 people counts as a "Convention" now? Similar practices (marking with stones in yards or under car tires) are currently being reported in the Bay Area via Nextdoor. Author uses link shorteners to hide the fact that all these items have affiliate links to make the author money off you. Stay classy, Medium. Earlier implementation explained here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuumnjJWFO4#t=2m07s Accented words are so passé. https://hn.algolia.com/?query=Kaspersky&sort=byDate&prefix&p... 'The raids — which led to 680 arrests nationwide — were the first in an ongoing series of mass enforcement operations ordered by the Trump administration . Last week, more than 450 people were arrested in a similar sweep the agency dubbed “Operation Safe City.”' Then you read the linked memo[1] and find that eight of the nine actions mentioned took place during the Obama administration , and given that the ninth occurred less than 3 weeks into the Trump administration, it had to have been planned and scheduled by Obama appointees. Note that The Intercept failed to report on any of these ICE operations that went down while Obama was in office. [1] https://www.ice.gov/doclib/news/library/factsheets/pdf/facts... The submitter is quite dedicated to self-promotion: https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=queserasera https://hn.algolia.com/?query=When%20Working%20from%20Home%2... Despite the title, the very first sentence is a run-on sentence. https://hn.algolia.com/?query=apple%20uber&sort=byDate&prefi... This collective self-delusion saw the United States make the greatest strategic blunder in its history The 282,000 Allied war dead (and 1.3 million overall dead) from the Vietnam War might disagree. "Left out" is an odd way to put it, given that anybody who published these details would have violated the Official Secrets Act. An excellent series using characters in these roles is "The Bletchley Circle" (highly recommended, with great attention to historical detail). The title I submitted with is an abbreviated version of the title actually used in the print edition of the paper (and on the front page, page A1). The Mercury often uses alternate titles on the website, and they can even vary between regional print editions under the Bay Area News Group umbrella. Pass using opposing lane: 422 This disturbs me, given that this is illegal everywhere but Residence Districts (except in the rare cases where the lane divider specifically allows it, like the #2 image... but they proceeded to drive over the hashed markings indicating a solid barrier anyway , which is seriously illegal), and I can't imagine that a very high percentage of meaningful test driving would be in Residence Districts (given that there isn't much difference between driving in SF RDs vs. RDs elsewhere in the Bay Area. It could be worse. When you sell a PDF ticket on Stubhub, they actually send your original PDF to the buyer with your full name still on it! This has always been the case and continues to this day. people regularly violate traffic laws when they decide it isn't risky People doing so take on the responsibility for their actions and can take situational assessment of risk to drivers, pedestrians, cyclists, etc. They also accept the risk of a traffic stop, citation, summons, search, fine, and effects on insurance rates. What can a traffic officer even do to an algorithm or its company? There isn't even statute law (in CA, anyway) empowering them to hold the "driver" accountable on any level. When you program an algorithm to disregard law in non-emergency situations, there are so many edge conditions that come into play that go untested in advance. I'm afraid these issues will go ignored until there is a body count to throw into the media narrative. Earlier, related discussion on same topic: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15438694 Print edition title: "California students' test scores flatline" (October 9, page D1) I'm guessing that none of their workers making subminimum wage[1] got fired. [1] http://extras.mercurynews.com/silicon-valley-imported-labor/ Top- Notched ? Does anybody else find the wording of articles on this site to be really odd, as if it was run through a translator or written by a buggy A.I. algorithm? This article seems to imply that Global Warming is at least partly at fault, but the similar 2013 event was attributed to too much sea ice, not warming , in another Guardian article[1]: "The colony had experienced a similar event in 2013, when no chicks survived. In a paper about that event, a group of researchers, led by Yan Ropert-Coudert from France’s National Centre for Scientific Research, said it had been caused by a record amount of summer sea ice and an “unprecedented rainy episode”." [1] https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/oct/12/penguin-... "The idea that unions can magically get a level-playing field in any country without support from the state also suggests you are a bit naive..." Didn't essentially every private-sector labor union in U.S. history start without support from the state? (and, arguably, despite the opposition of the state?) Government intervention on union behalf generally doesn't happen until after a union installs a number of its candidates into that level of government. There is a related article on page B1 of the October 1 edition of the San Jose Mercury ("Oroville latest city to mull bankruptcy") but it is oddly invisible to searches on the main, public site. Regarding the car that went up on the walkway and injured 11 (at least) on Saturday October 7th... I've read 20+ stories, including those that report his release, but not a single one identified the suspect, nor have any initial reports of the incident been updated with suspect details. This strikes me as odd, unless UK law forbids releasing suspect names. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15468598 Do you need to give HN "updates" (with no new content) every day or two? https://hn.algolia.com/?query=Update:%20I%20returned%20my%20... Clickable: https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=kids_book A city on the outskirts of Silicon Valley This is a definition of "outskirts" with which I was previously unfamiliar. It's a minimum 90-minute trip by private car from, say, Menlo Park, with no traffic. It's a 7 hour trip by the one public transportation option Google Maps just showed me. Google seems to indicate this is OK. Google doesn't run YC. Yet. (paywalled) What brought down the website? The Greys. ... but fewer than 18% have a meaningful Github repository. This page loads between 15 and 17 trackers (per Ghostery). Clickbait title. The home has negative value; it's all about the lot . There are allegedly current cases involving longstanding small businesses in the South Bay such as Lombardi's Auto Service in Santa Clara and Time Deli in San Jose. Pleads only to reckless driving; DUI charges dropped. Even the reckless driving charge will be expunged if he complies with diversion education program. "The 41-year-old superstar golfer is scheduled to plead guilty at a court hearing to reckless driving, a less severe charge than driving under the influence, as part of a Palm Beach County, Florida, program that has graduated almost 2,500 first-time offenders since it began four years ago... If he completes it, he can ask a judge to expunge the reckless driving conviction"[1] [1] https://www.reviewjournal.com/sports/golf/tiger-woods-to-ple... Note the error in that article's title; he did NOT plea to DUI. That's why I submitted the other. There is, of course, zero evidence of any of the allegations you mention Actually, there's lots. A Freedom of Information Act disclosure showed Chicago had more votes than voters in 2016 elections: 1,101,178 voters, 1,115,664 votes cast[2]. Detroit: voting machines in more than one third of precints recorded more votes than there were voters! In California, 11 counties have more registered voters than voting age citizens. A few other examples: https://www.theepochtimes.com/in-los-angeles-144-voters-for-... https://www.theepochtimes.com/chicago-had-more-votes-than-vo... https://www.theepochtimes.com/stream-of-voter-fraud-cases-em... https://www.theepochtimes.com/official-thousands-of-indiana-... Judicial Watch keeps uncovering more and more examples. You won't because you can't. A Freedom of Information Act disclosure showed Chicago had more votes than voters in 2016 elections: 1,101,178 voters, 1,115,664 votes cast[2]. Detroit: voting machines in more than one third of precints recorded more votes than there were voters! In California, 11 counties have more registered voters than voting age citizens. A few other examples: https://www.theepochtimes.com/in-los-angeles-144-voters-for-... https://www.theepochtimes.com/chicago-had-more-votes-than-vo... https://www.theepochtimes.com/stream-of-voter-fraud-cases-em... https://www.theepochtimes.com/official-thousands-of-indiana-... There is simply no incentive to commit that crime. There is exactly the same incentive as that to suppress a vote for the other side. No, all you can see is that somebody claiming to be X voted at Precinct Y using Z method (in-person, absentee, provisional vote). You have to accept a vote whether that voter appears on your roll or note (if unregistered, a provisional ballot is cast; it's generally not opened unless the sum total of provisionals can sway a race). You can't challenge a signature for invalidity, and you can't pull that ballot even if it is later found to be invalid. Even if a fraudulent vote was cast in the name of a real voter, and that real voter shows up later to vote (and has photo ID), his/her ballot turns into a provisional ballot, and the first-cast, bogus ballot is never retracted. they end up wiping out swaths of real, actual voters Examples? Native link to video here[1]. Ad was released the same day as the New York terrorism incident with a truck running down pedestrians and bicyclists. [1] https://youtu.be/SHZvVsGGY-U Unless the level of criminality by members the public in Chicago is truly mind-boggling It is and has been for over a century. The tradition of "walking-around money"[1], where public funds are actually used for cash bribes on the streets , is one obvious example. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Street_money this would shift my effective tax rate from 8.4% to 37.0% Do you understand the difference between marginal tax rate and overall tax rate? this will never happen This has been the case for many years already. The problem is, the IRS has no incentive to help minimize your tax. If you really have nothing to deduct, that might not be so bad, but I would have more faith in any of the existing free short-form filing services that already exist. And the author is the senior editor for Ars? Wow. Did you read your own chart? The "Obama years" 1/09-1/17) began at just over 5%, then went UP over 60% from there, to 8.6% or so. In fact, it was worse during the "Obama years" than before or after. "Steadily fell during the Obama years" is a flat lie. BEWARE: this is a cryptomining-on-your-device racket, and it has a clicktrap so you can't back-navigate. BEWARE: this is a cryptomining-on-your-device racket, and it has a clicktrap so you can't back-navigate. How handy it is that three people just happened to create accounts to upvote and praise this right after it was submitted. Assuming his numbers were accurate, that tax rate is on each additional dollar of income, not on the total . The disturbing implication here is that Freelancer has little incentive not to push any given debtor to a legal process, given that this escapade cost them but a little personnel time to respond. Only if you also use the calculator. "Sure, there’s a chance he could have flipped the Nissan Versa and made more — but this would have resulted in further income tax hits , possibly pushing him to a higher bracket." No, not unless he managed to sucker some buyer into paying more than the MSRP that is his tax basis for the vehicle at that point. What sloppy reasoning. There is no way the after-tax value of the car will be less than the $1500 (which, of course, would itself have the same bracket-raising tax implications) he stuck with. He saves hassle, and perhaps some tax-agency scrutiny, but he's not better off than if he won the car. No wonder Vox didn't publish this tripe under their own masthead. A good (U.S.-based) autism resource: https://www.autismspeaks.org/ Filing out the form and clicking "Launch my business" just refreshes the page with no confirmation or other response. The intro on Github says the trial was only for August; is that why? This isn't that unusual. For example, when California Governor Jerry Brown appointed Rose Bird to be his Chief Justice of the state of California, she had never been a judge at any level -- not even traffic court. She was later removed from the judiciary altogether by the voters. For that matter, Justice Ruth Nader Ginsberg was nominated straight to the Court of Appeals without ever having been a state or municipal judge, let alone as a Federal Circuit court judge. This is just a lame wrapper for Amazon affiliate links. This article is on page A7 of today's Mercury News print edition... but it is not shown on their index pages[1] -- you cannot get to this article except via Search terms. A related article[2] from a few days ago is visible, though. [1] http://www.mercurynews.com/opinion/ [2] http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/11/10/borenstein-end-calpers... The article doesn't even answer the question; it just lists obvious alternatives. Alternate title: "Why Readers Leave Medium" Steal 1M in Bitcoin; hold for 2 years. Are you going to submit this 2-3 times a day forever? "When tomatoes ripen in California, for example, they’re harvested in a 12-week period that has sorters running round the clock, up to 24 hours a day, processing as much as 800 tonnes of vegetables an hour." Fine and dandy... except tomatoes are fruits . All the more reason for ISP competition Agreed, and decreasing competition is one negative impact if pure net neutrality is enforced. Nobody is going to build out (or improve) an ISP infrastructure only to have Netflix/Hulu/Youtube suck up most of your bandwidth from 5PM to midnight local time, forcing you to continually expand your infrastructure on your own dime. Google foresaw this, hence Google Fiber / Alphabet build-outs being stopped 14 months ago. The only legal power I see for the retaking of the property would be through eminent domain, which should require fair-market value compensation. But this is S.F., where law often doesn't apply. The way out of the fires, to safety, could become an in-app purchase -- a must-have monetization strategy! You only hire OPTs or H-1Bs? (1977!) Only 13 signals. "first messages appear on the profile of the sender and only on the profile of the sender" Then, two short subheads later, we have: "That’s because first messages now only appear to the recipient ." Even they don't understand their own new monstrosity. It's like the worst features of OKC and POF rolled into one. And don't even get me started on the obscene number of trackers[1] in their app now. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15885321 Four paragraphs of a weak and factually incorrect analogy. "Scott Adams, the creator of Dilbert, is a proud racist." And this author is a jealous, inept slanderer. Real estate. You obnoxious asshole . Clicktrap sites aren't annoying. Or funny. At minimum , you cost everybody what context that page/tab was in. WARNING: do NOT, in fact, click on this. If you really want to be a dupe, do it in an expendable incognito session... but it's not worth it. If it just mutes videos without stopping them, you still eat bandwidth. "Shutdowns" is not a verb. False clickbaity title. The body of the article claims only Cox is raising any rates on internet access; the other rate rises are for content (programming) only , not for the pipe or data volume through their pipe. Even by Medium/ProductHunt standards, this is clickbait BS to the max. It conflates the credit card with unrelated Uber expansionism and blames the former for all adverse effects, real and imagined... and then has the gall to recommend it anyway : What happens now? Should I use the card? In short, yes. For that matter, even cable/satellite feeds run 8-15 seconds behind real time (easily noticed if you listen to a non-delayed radio broadcast at the same time). Radio broadcasts may themselves be delayed for ratings tracking. "Of course, when a chemically aged battery is replaced with a new one, iPhone performance returns to normal when operated in standard conditions." I find this disturbingly vague. If the slowdown was strictly due to physical battery degradation (and I haven't heard what specific metric(s) they use to objectively measure age/wear), then replacement should instantly reset performance rationing back to its starting point . They only say it "returns to normal when operated in standard conditions" without defining "standard conditions" and without saying how long it takes before they deign to allow you the performance you paid for. Their official Battery & Power page[1] acknowledges none of this beyond a separate issue affecting only a two-month manufacturing window of September-October 2015. [1] https://support.apple.com/iphone/repair/battery-power And weren't there earlier iPhone models that weren't designed with user-replaceable batteries? The parent commenter did specifically write that s/he is "here in the SF bay area." (Convolution Neural Network) (In the U.S., "CNN" has a different connotation.) I predict that there will be numerous duplicate Ask submissions. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16007988 https://hn.algolia.com/?query=%22ask%20hn%22%202018&sort=byP... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16041707 Maybe 0 designates a quantum pizza, whose toppings change every time you take a slice. (July 2017) He never mentioned his medical state in his subsequent 5 months of postings. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16068324 260+ points Halo Top, which is now the best-selling ice cream in the country only in the prepackaged pint category. This is the fourth identical Show IN for this project in the past 4 days. Note that the first one-third of the study period was during the previous administration. This kind of spamvertising is more transparent than you seem to think. https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=diversify https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=AmirSani It's purely coincidence that that account just happened to be created right after the submission and just before the comment, then. Is 34 considered elderly? Only when interviewing for a job in tech. Despite all of that spending, the age-adjusted mortality rate for Americans has declined practically every year since 1980. " Despite "? Isn't a declining mortality rate a good thing? Running 2 miles a day. Problem: now I'm 26 miles from home and too tired to run back. Voting, in its modern form, is only as old as the Enlightenment Define modern. (i.e. why wouldn't Athens count?) eligible voters, all of whom were free, male, and white Most were white, but all male citizens of age could vote, including immigrants from worldwide, and free black men. on IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0734676/ Article title is "We are multitudes". The submitted title accurately quotes the clickbaity URL. they did a pretty good job in raising the very poorest our of poverty Those who weren't outright killed during or in the wake of the revolution and pogroms, anyway. But many who DID survive did so only because of famine relief from the USA and Europe as farm collectivization went sideways. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Droughts_and_famines_in_Russia... The economy crashed after the revolution The loss of the war with Japan didn't help, either. its potential lies in ruins. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Fox_and_the_Grapes And yet, the decree appears to be a first — no such regulation exists on any of the world’s mountains The NYT fancies itself to be guardians of truth, but their reporting can sure get sloppy. http://www.dw.com/en/mount-everest-nepal-bans-solo-mountain-... https://inhabitat.com/nepal-passes-law-to-make-climbers-clea... http://www.alanarnette.com/blog/2017/12/06/nepal-to-ban-ever... http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/article-2587846/Nepal-set-... https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/nepal-everest-limits-feat... Posting these rants daily is not a good look. https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=mostafab Posting these rants daily is not a good look. https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=mostafab Their "intelligence" metric was simple IQ, and the average management IQ of their sample was 111, which isn't exactly genius. Managers need a degree of social intelligence that won't necessarily show up in a basic IQ measurement. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16164617 60+ points ... because filling out an absentee ballot is so arduous. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16158463 240+ points https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16158463 240+ points https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16158463 240+ points Actual title: "Sweden sends leaflets to 5m homes on how to prepare for war with Russia" I wonder how much iPhone advertising is placed in Forbes media every year? The Shanghai subways are new and shiny, has advanced adtech, ... And most comforting of all, you can see the air you're breathing! This is going to sound insanely pedantic to this commenter, but was the fatal strain in this case even present in this year's vaccine? I'd bet that it wasn't. Fact is, for the past several years, the three/four candidate strains chosen for the USA vaccine were badly mismatched for what strains actually circulated in the wild. Flu vaccines aren't like genetic vaccines (like for HPV), which are essentially foolproof for the targeted strain(s) and carry little risk of side-effects. Flu vaccines are more of a scattershot approach, with the "misses" generally ignored by the media. "if you get vaccinated and then get the flu, the severity of it will be somewhat lessened and the chances of it becoming a severe illness will be reduced." I know of absolutely no science that supports that oft-repeated claim about influenza as a whole. If the flu infection is from a different strain from any that person was vaccinated for, there is no demonstrated cause-and-effect from the vaccine that provides blanket mitigation for different strains. ... as chosen by "executives, directors, and securities analysts" only. https://hn.algolia.com/?query=%22evaluate%20to%20true%22&sor... The first has 140+ comments, 170+ points: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16161030 Blogspam of this podcast: http://www.howstuffworks.com/embed/929729 And no discussion of narwhals is complete without MrWeebl's classic, informative video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykwqXuMPsoc come to Poland. How realistic is that for non-EU nationals and non-Polish speakers? Do you know of success stories? The Recruitment Program for Innovative Talents targets people under 55 years of age ... because people over 54 can't innovate? eBay in the USA has largely abandoned its original private party auction market. The vast majority of items are now fixed-price general commercial crap from overseas manufacturers. Note that their advertising campaigns of the last few years have featured only fixed-price items and target whim buyers ("If you're ready, come and get it") complete with bogus representations of the capabilities of their mobile interface. Meanwhile, 30 ( thirty! ) were shot in Chicago this weekend alone , and the Times doesn't print one article about that... because such contrasts don't help their narrative. "’s not uncommon for people in Southeast Asia to get jobs as drivers and make 3 to 5 times their previous income." Not unlike how Uber drivers did. At first. This is exactly why performers seek to stop video recording in the first place. Or part of why. There are several motivators: 1) use of the recording that could cost paying attendance in the future (e.g. copyright issues) 2) damage control of statements that they regret later (e.g. Michael Richards' racist rant) 3) Protection of the interests of all the attendees positioned behind and around you . When anybody is recording, view from directly behind is outright obscured, and the experience of everybody behind you , where you are in their field of view at all, is impaired by this lit-up screen facing them . People who are recording are inflicting their choice on all others behind them. about how you paid all this money to be here This is a reaction I've heard from self-important attendees who insist on recording despite posted rules: "I paid good money to be here, so I get to do what I want ." worked very well ... except for those who were behind the recorders. This is just a wrapper for affiliate links to Udemy. assets, like taxation power Now we go straight from a misdefinition of "bankruptcy" to outright fabrication of "asset". Each of us may have earning power, for example, but that doesn't make it an asset we can legitimately put on a balance sheet. And taxation power is constrained by the US and IL Constitutions and even US and IL law. " inconsistent GPS service " for 3 hour late-night windows each day during the exercise does not justify the clickbaity title. "Her repeated objections and pleas that they "slow down" were all well and good, but they did not square with the fact that she eventually gave Ansari oral sex." It's deceptive to construct the narrative this way given that, by her own account , she readily accepted oral sex from him first with no indication of rejection. Of course, that isn't inherently consent for anything further, but the author depicts the encounter as some kind of hostage situation from the outset. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16242891 "inconsistent GPS service" for 3 hour late-night windows each day during the exercise does not justify the clickbaity title. "Face tracking, body scanners, license plate tracking, TSA, cameras on every city street corner, militarization of the police, citizens united, allowing police to force blood tests on DUI suspects, search warrants via text messages, police confiscation of property with no guilty verdict..." ... all of which were in widespread practice well before the current administration. The ACLU did , to their credit, blog about these issues throughout the Obama administration[0], although they got far less attention in the mainstream media or HN back then. [0] https://www.aclu.org/search/%22license%20plate%22?page=2&f%5... SFPD can investigate all they want; getting the D.A. to actually prosecute is another story. Such speculation happens in a lot of resale marketplaces. Stubhub, for example, allows speculative selling (selling tickets you don't have). There are "brokers" who see tickets listed elsewhere (like Ticketexchange), create mirror listings on Stubhub at a higher price, then buy the tickets from the other site if they get an order. That's why you can see +/-40% of listings vanish from a Stubhub event page at the 4-hour-before-start mark -- sellers generally have to pre-fill listings after that. If an order is placed and the tickets don't exist (or the seller can't get them at a price that allows profit after all and chooses to flake out), Stubhub can just refund the buyer and wash their hands of it. Easy peasy. the innate tendency of legislators Prop 65 was an initiative statute implemented by the voters. Like with the Lottery disaster, the Legislature was out of the loop altogether. All it takes is an ordinary statute law which then goes to the ballot for confirmation. back of the woods in Europe, the same would cost you nothing. Sure, it would be much cheaper when one or more patients doesn't survive in the first place, for example. Keep in mind that story is a donation appeal and is weak in details -- for example, why a healthy mom needs to stay in a $10K/day NNICU private room for months on end is beyond me (would that even be an option in "backwoods Europe"?) The article also misstates ACA numbers. Just posted an hour ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16258341 Every pyramid scheme is self-sustaining... until, of course, you run out of people who can't add. This being the 'Worst Tire in History' will come as big news to the Firestone 500 (7+ million recalled). Yay, hyperbole. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16196054 85+ points Blogspam of https://public.nrao.edu/news/2018-alma-coms-lmc/ That's self-reported poll data not verified against any objective source. I think it's natural for a subject of such a poll to respond how s/he thinks will produce a result favorable to her/him in the long run. People like a sense of belonging. the landlord burned it down This is known fact? There has been an arson conviction? It probably does count much of the state and federal spending If you're going to directly contradict the article, it would be helpful to give your conflicting source. "The bill ... received aye votes from Sens. Nancy Skinner and Scott Wiener, both Democrats representing the Bay Area." That's a funny, partisan spin to throw at the fact that of the 18 fatal "No" votes, 17 were from Democrats . They only mention the two (of the twenty-seven ) Democrats that voted Aye. Honey restocks glycogen in the liver, preventing the brain from thinking it is out of gas in the middle of the night I'm not sure what's worse -- bogus scientific claims or the classless use of affiliate links in the article. CIPA[0], however, was signed into law by Clinton and upheld by SCOTUS. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Children%27s_Internet_Protecti... Sloppy reporting and childish political swipes. ("President" with an asterisk? Classy! ) Stakeholders Drive Down Drug Prices... by letting Western countries do the research and testing, then copying their drugs without compensation . CNBC are the same geniuses that predicted a 1000-point DJIA drop for Tuesday. a sign of a ``clean'', efficient police force Or, that the substantial gentrification going on there over the last decade has changed the demographics substantially. That piece has a lot of grammatical errors for a professor of anything to write in something for broad consumption. "...after LBJ signed on to federal civil rights legislation, which led to the Republican Southern Strategy..." Actually, Republicans voted for the Voting Rights and Civil Rights acts at a higher propensity than Democrats did. Neither would have gone anywhere without substantial Republican support, including for cloture. He referred specifically to the California interior . Most counties not on the coast or bay have very affordable areas; I've driven the northern 2/3rds of I-5, most of US50, and all of I-80 in CA and seen hundreds of properties for a fraction of Bay Area prices. Things look different once outside of a Bay Area (or San Diego) bubble. (November 2015) never in my life I heard anything like this. In contrast, never in my life has America faced anything like this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_Mumbai_attacks In America, mass shootings only seem to occur in "gun-free zones", where perpetrators know there is little chance of armed interdiction before they have accomplished their mission. affect the outcome here at all The school is a "gun-free zone". (or in the Orlando nightclub). The club was a "gun-free zone". Texas army base A gun free zone: Servicemembers were disallowed from carrying guns on base from a Clinton-era Executive order. recent church shooting another posted gun-free zone (the church's choice). The correlation you seek is not "availability of guns" but the lack of proximate self-defense, guaranteeing a low risk hunting ground. Skip the TC adware hell -- it points to a deleted video anyway. Direct link: https://youtu.be/DQBpW-zWMXY The Pew numbers conflate completely different sources to deliberately underestimate the net count. For entrants, they count only working head-of-household adults. For exits, they count every single person leaving, even children. They then just subtract the latter from the former. This process understates the net entrants by a factor of at least three. Keep that in mind when quoting Pew, which is an interest group. On their "5 Facts" page, they even say, "the number of unauthorized immigrants living in the U.S. was lower in 2015 than it was at the end of the Great Recession in 2009", which contradicts even their own data, let alone the CIS reference you cite. armed police on campus In fact, just one security guard was assigned to the campus but was not, in fact, near any of the buildings... and all officers who eventually responded made NO attempt to interdict the shooter. of the five deadliest mass shootings in the US, three were in nothing even remotely like a gun-free Really? This is what CNN calls the 5 deadliest: The Harvest Music Festival: the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival grounds disallowed attendee guns and used metal detectors. the Pulse nightclub in Orlando -- posted "no guns allowed" club. Virginia Tech: gun-free campus except for weapons stored at range. Sandy Hook: gun free school zone First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs: posted "no guns allowed". That's FIVE of five. It "seems" your "substantive facts" need better research. You're reduced to counting police shooting a murderer who shot one person as a "mass shooting"? Doesn't limiting one's media menu to the readers favorite sources exacerbate the "media bubble" problem? Actual title: "Does anyone think that Seth Godin's altMBA is worth the money?" Not only did it institute rent control No. Prop 13 did no such thing. the wave of municipal bankruptcies "Wave"? The Legislative Analyst's web page mentions only one completed bankruptcy (Vallejo), with only 3 other attempts. "...the most recent time that Republicans controlled both houses of the Legislature" I looked it up. The answer? 1970. And that just 1 2-year term and with bare single-seat majorities in both houses. Before 1969? Next most recent: 1956 . Actual title: "Gun amnesty: Rocket launcher, automatic rifles among 57,000 firearms handed in" which itself is clickbaity, given that only 18,000 were actually "handed in" for good, with the other 39,000 going right back out either to their existing owners or back into the market. "Taurus agreed to repair or buy back, for as much as $200, any of those models owned by people in the U.S. and its territories—an estimated 955,796 guns, according to the settlement. ..." "In 2013, Taurus stopped selling the nine gun models alleged to be defective in the U.S.: the PT-111 Millennium, PT-132 Millennium, PT-138 Millennium, PT-140 Millennium, PT-145 Millennium, PT-745 Millennium, PT-24/7, PT-609, and PT-640." For something that "can't be recalled", these are far more effective results than any recall. Some people are still waiting for their recalled Takata airbags to be replaced, for example. Bloomberg groups have spent millions against gun ownership and making deceptive claims[0]: [0] http://thehill.com/opinion/campaign/375728-bloombergs-claims... I got Fred Hampton. Is anyone else disturbed that somebody would create a throwaway account just to defend Amazon practices in this submittal's comments? champion of the 99% In practice, she's most comfortable with the 1%. http://www.malibutimes.com/news/article_bdc5ada0-dd0e-5c38-b... Hence the term, "The Streisand Effect" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streisand_effect "Trump is poised to cut the agency’s budget even further. The number of audits has plummeted, with only .7% of all individuals audited in 2016." Trump wasn't in office for any of that "plummet" period. That statistic shows lack of enforcement by the prior administration. "If the IRS doesn’t have the manpower to parse the bill and send out estimated tax forms in time..." Uh, the 1040-ES form is a one-page (actually, each payment slip is one-fourth of a page) downloadable, free PDF. Perhaps somebody in his office would be kind enough to show him how to use the Interwebz and a printer. mass shooting in Brazil is rare Murder rate in Brazil is 440% of US rate. Violent crime intentional homicide rate is 600% of US rate. etc. http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/Brazil/Unit... General crimes (non mass shooting) involving handguns are common though It's far easier to a mass public shooting with handguns than with long guns. Bears Ears National Monument size now: 228,784 acres Bears Ears National Monument size 14 months ago: 0. TL;DR: "The San Francisco Police Department on Thursday published its year-end crime statistics, which show the number of property crimes reported in the city increased 14.69 percent from 2016 to 2017. However, the numbers rose at an even sharper clip — 24.95 percent — when looking at just thefts from vehicles. There were 25,067 such crimes in 2016, but that number climbed to a record 31,322 last year." Don't forget her title as US Navy Rear Admiral Grace Hopper. Not amazing at all to me, considering that they are completely different populations. The youngest subject at the start of that window dropped out of that population 7 years ago (3 years before the last survey). The figure doesn't count cures , or even reduced transmissions, among the original subjects. That said, I find the quoted statistic suspect. First of all, the first vaccine wasn't even licensed until 2006, and there wasn't a vaccine that addressed more than 4 of the cancer-causing subtypes until 2014 [0]. Second, they only targeted girls of age 12-13 (although they provided free vaccinations on manual request through age 19), leaving out girls in the upper 70% of the age range altogether from the survey population. So, I don't take those numbers at face value, although I don't debate the safety or efficacy of these particular vaccines, being genetics-based. It's the profiteering by the planned-obsolescence model of the manufacturers that bothers me. If you're a parent and you followed the public-health experts' recommendations, and you wanted the full (nonavalent vaccine) functionality, you would have given a three-injection treatment of the bivalent spanning 6 months, then (later) a three-injection treatment of the quarivalent spanning 6 more months, then another cycle of the nonavalent vaccine... giving the manufacturers a lot of money out of your public health budget and a proof-of-concept for the drug companies to do this in lots of other vaccines and drugs in the future. [0] http://apps.who.int/iris/bitstream/10665/255353/1/WER9219.pd... Human papillomavirus vaccines: WHO position paper, May 2017