> I can see that too, but I don't think it's impossible. Honest question, how do you automate this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85dzsA-qKPw&feature=relat... ? Maybe we shouldn't focus only on the British Empire as the ultimate example, I'd say that the Austro-Hungarian monarchy of the second half of the 19th century is a better example, maybe also one that better fits what lionhearted had in mind. I know that you can blame a lot of things on this particular political entity (the War in Yugoslavia 100 years later being just one example), but it also did a lot of things very well. Actually, come to think of it, large swaths of the European Union are modeled on the Austro-Hungarian example, but those in Brussels are just too scared to admit it. I had a lot of respect for GE until not that long ago, but I think that after things like these ( http://accounting.smartpros.com/x67325.xml ) we shouldn't take this company very seriously. They're just crooks like the rest of Wall Street. > Leaking war videos to show people the real impact of a war - probably okay. "Probably" ?!!? Who are you, people? > To say that Germans "invented modern thought" is pushing it Kant was German. As was Hegel. And Marx. Maybe it's just me, but I'd say that the history (including that of intellectual thought) of the last 200 years would be completely different if it weren't for these 3 guys. > This extends beyond 'working hours' (after all, you're on salary). It is simply a way of ensuring that the companies gets it maximum value for what you invent while being compensated by them. I'm sorry to say it, but unfortunately for us all Marx is beginning to become more and more relevant, again (I, for one, had hoped/thought that we had left him and the problems he described in "Das Kapital" behind us). What you're basically saying (and Marx was trying to explain) is that a company like Google isn't happy with what it gets (in terms of profit) when it employs an engineer for only 8 hours/day, they want him to be on the company payrolls 24 h/day, a thing that even Marx himself wouldn't have thought possible. I mean, it may happen that the above-mentioned engineer has a brilliant idea in his sleep (we've all had our "dreaming in code" moments, no?), but, according to what you're saying, Google is entitled to appropriate that dream's contents as being their own. > "The Noah principle: predicting rain doesn’t count, building arks does." >-Warren E. Buffett He sure got that right :) http://www.nytimes.com/2010/11/17/opinion/17buffett.html?_r=... > Big companies often have purchasing departments actually do the purchase. They are trained to expect discounts and the people in the purchasing department know a lot more about asking for discounts than they know about software, because that is their specialized role in the organization. My wife actually works as a senior purchaser for quite a big (non-US) oil company, and it was funny when she had to negotiate the fees with the web-design company that had been asked to implement an internal application. She didn't know anything about the technical side of it, as you well pointed out (even though I helped her out with is), but the sad part was that even her company's online department (the ones that should have known better) were quite on a different planet. It's interesting how sub-Saharan Africa is still a mostly dark continent. Also interesting are the connections between the Kurds from Turkey and those from present-day Iraq, and how people from Baghdad are still more or less connected to those from the northern parts of Iraq (there's still a major Sunni presence in there as far as I know). Maybe it's a cultural thing (I'm an East-European who's never been to the States), but what's with this obsession about "winning", "not being a loser" etc? > He left behind one or two books that are still worth reading, but his most important legacy was his simplest. Was this irony/sarcasm? Because my detector is off. First of all, I read his 2 volumes of "Democracy in America" a couple of years ago, right after I had read Thucydides's "History of the Peloponnesian War" and just before reading Lord Acton's essays on liberty, and I challenge any of today's economists/political thinkers to come up with something at least 50% better. Second, Tocqueville's "L'Ancien Régime et la Révolution" is in my opinion the book that best describes/explains the French Revolution, which I also think is the event that most defines the last 200 years of Western history and political thought, starting from Kant and continuing with guys like Marx and Lenin. I'd say the 1500s belonged to the Spanish, who lost it big, very big, and the French came soon afterward to fill the gap, until Berezina and Waterloo. I was very surprised when I first found that around 1800 France had a population of ~29 million while England only had ~8 million. > Also worth pointing out is that it's unrealistic to expect that everyone can be happy, some unhappiness is essential to social stability. Thank you for this. This was one of the most important things I learned out of my (pretty) mild depression. Since then whenever I see people pretending to always be happy or at least striving to always be happy I sense that there's something wrong. That, and the thing that I began to understand what the Stoics were saying a little bit more ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stoicism ) > When computers are creative, when they start doing things that haven't been done before, without the direct programming of any human, then a computer can truly be said to be "in control." I'm still dreaming about the day when a computer would be ironic. Or about when a computer-scientist would write a book similar to Freud's "Jokes and Their Relation to The Unconscious" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jokes_and_their_Relation_to_the... ) > The map will shrink greatly. Right now I live about 30 miles from my office and the commute is on the very edge of what I can stand. Make my car driverless (freeing me up to watch TV, read a book, catch up on emails, etc.) and able to travel at twice the speed, and spend the entire trip at top speed (rather than slowing down and speeding up on the highway) and I could feasibly live as far as 100 mph away. The metro already does that for me pretty well. Granted, I live in an European city. > Remember that people mocked the Wright brothers Yeah, but how would you drive a driver-less car on a Somalian road, for example? Or through Cairo, or Istanbul, cities not known for their tight traffic regulations? After all we've had the Prius for ~10 years and it has failed to take over the world. > Normal people don’t study philosophy Well, I don't want to sound like a douche or anything, but they really do know how to pick their words, don't they? Following the same logic only Plato would qualify as a true philosopher (he's the evil mind behind all this "academia" concept anyway), while Democritus, one of the few philosophers who actually knew what he was saying, would just be seen as an amateur. Like always, mr. Krugman gets it wrong. Of course he blames the single currency, when he should have blamed things like "rules governing worker firing helped limit job loss, while strong social-welfare programs ensured that even the jobless retained their health care and received a basic income.". There's one thing that I've learned as a programmer, there's no silver bullet, you can't have both "strong" social programmes and a dynamic and versatile economy. You can't both stay at home doing nothing for most of the day (look at the 35-hour week in France, for example) and still dream at a life-style consisting of holidays abroad and 2 cars per family. > When I read a critique of an article that starts with a personal attack on the writer, I take the critique much less seriously. I don't have anything personally against Krugman, why would I? It's just that when you write a 8-page article in the NY Times bashing the Euro and you don't mention the protests in Hungary ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_Hungary ), which practically demonstrated that an European country not affiliated to the Euro cannot devalue its currency, then I'd say you deserve being criticized by anonymous guys like me on the internets. > Not sure why this hasn't been said yet (maybe I missed it), but dukgo.com already has this figured out. Or better yet, search for "fabric python" and be done with it, no need for Google storing all your searches at the expense of you typing a few more characters once in a while. > I'm not sure if the small business owner is really reading through Google's AdWords University documents and watching the YouTube videos. You're going to need people to sell to people and not just bytes on a screen. This is so true. We've just launched a Groupon-clone a couple a months ago in an European country which has a high percentage of Internet penetration, but even though we've built a very simple online system for the business owners to be able to check the redeem-status of the coupons (once the deal is over), there's the problem that more than half of them don't have a computer or Internet connection at the POS. So right now we email them an Excel file with all the coupon codes which they can print at home. Now, asking these people to know about AdWords and such... I don't see how the situation in the States would be so much different. In terms of simplicity and resistance nothing beats Nokia 3310 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_3310 ), for me at least. I even threw it against a concrete wall once, it all dissembled into several pieces, but after I had re-assembled them back it was as new. > You break a bad regime by doing better, not by becoming like them. In theory, you're of course correct. In practice, think about the regicide of Charles I or about the French "Reign of Terror" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reign_of_Terror ), they were both meant to break bad regimes. How well they've succeeded in doing that it's debatable, the undecidable question is if terror/violence was really necessary. > aggregator sites don't provide any value whatsoever because their only mission is to display ads and drive traffic by spamming Google's index Tripadvisor has been really helpful to me and my wife, as in we don't go to any new hotel without first checking its ratings and comments on tripadvisor. You cannot have that on a hotel's website, objective reviews I mean, nor can you have actual non-photoshopped pictures taken inside said hotels. Talking about "stealing content"... On this link , for example ( http://www.google.com/hotpot?q=restaurante+bucuresti&ssp... ), there's no direct link to the restaurant's website. > but when you look at the details of any restaurant the link is there with phone numbers and other details. Yeah, of course I saw that, but there's the second issue with it: Long story short, I used to be directly involved in building a couple of this type of aggregators (or "vertical search engines", as they were called 2-3 years ago), and we were particularly careful to include a direct link to the webpage we were getting the results from on our SERPS, and also we DID NOT display any contact information for the adds in question (cars and real-estate), as that would have just stolen user clicks from the sites we were parsing (what's the user's incentive to click to the website anymore? if he can see the price and all the contact info he needs on our pages). But mind you, we didn't have Google's lawyers, nor their clout, nor their "don't be evil" slogan, maybe that's the reason why they can do these sorts of things while others think twice about it. That photo of the Danish suburbs is really depressing. I particularly had the South-African photo in mind as a comparison when I made my statement. Don't get me wrong, I don't approve poverty, I've lived for a couple of years on less than $2 a day and my parents still do, it's just that the Danish photo is so devoid of life, of human interaction, that makes it so depressing for me. Maybe I'm a little bit biased because right now I'm reading James C. Scott's "Seeing Like a State: How Certain Schemes to Improve the Human Condition Have Failed" ( http://www.amazon.com/Seeing-Like-State-Condition-Institutio... ), which has a couple of chapters against modern, centralized, well-planed architecture that is designed "to look good from a plane" (he gives Brasilia as a negative example). Now, I know these suburbs weren't probably planned by the Government, but the main idea behind their design and planning is the same, i.e. to look good from a geometrical point of view. >. Yes, it is. Would you trade places with them? Would you want your children to? Honestly, I don't know how did you get so many upvotes. I mean, we have this huge imbalance problem of equality between different peoples right now, which could be easily solved if only the "superior" whites in Europe and the United States would vote down the anti-immigration rules. The situation of poor sub-saharan people, whose way of life was irremediably "improved" by superior European colonialism, would very much be improved if they were allowed to travel and work freely in all over of Western Europe. The same goes for the United States and its hinterland in Latin America. And let me tell you what would happen were we to contact these tribes. Half of them will die from a disease like normal influenza, while the rest will be either lost to cronic alcoholism or to the Brazilian favellas. We've seen all this happen before. > I think bicycles are plain fun. I ride my bicycle to work whenever I can. I would do the same, if only we'd have a decent shower at our workplace, so that I won't smell all day after a bike-ride from home. Nevertheless, I can't wait for this winter to be finally over so that I can take my bike for photo-taking rides outside the city I live in. (if it matters, I'm a fellow (East-)European whose city doesn't have that many bike-lines, but it doesn't matter anyway, cause I've first ridden a bike on a national road at age 12, so nothing scares me :) ). > Long term, a society that values 100% employment over technological progress will be stomped by the society that allows its industries to automate themselves. Yeap, but assuming you're a country with 20% unemployment that has a very high level of competitiveness, how do you deal with those young, unemployed people (they're mostly young) roaming the streets with nothing else better to do and with their pockets empty? What if they decide to topple the government, or to steal, or to do anything anti-social? They don't have anything to lose anyway. > Or to put it a different way, manufactures haven't hired in so long that most of the people being displaced by layoffs are older. Sorry for the NY Post link, I'm too lazy to find the original source right now, but here it is ( http://www.nypost.com/p/news/business/item_AnwaWNOGqsXMuIlGO... ): """ The number of young Americans without a job has exploded to 53.4 percent — a post-World War II high, according to the Labor Dept (...) The number represents the flip-side to the Labor Dept.'s report that the employment rate of 16-to-24 year olds has eroded to 46.6 percent -- the lowest ratio of working young Americans in that age group, including all but those in the military, since WWII. """ I don't think the situation has improved that much since September 2009. And, like I said, I'm lazy, otherwise I would have found even worst figures from Western Europe countries. > the worlds (first?) best postal service for the time The first one actually belongs to Darius I of Persia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Road ) """ Mounted couriers could travel 1,677 miles (2,699 km) in seven days; the journey from Susa to Sardis took ninety days on foot. The Greek historian Herodotus wrote, "There is nothing in the world that travels faster than these Persian couriers." Herodotus's praise for these messengers"Neither snow, nor rain, nor heat, nor darkness of night prevents these couriers from completing their designated stages with utmost speed"was the inspiration for the unofficial motto of the United States Postal Service.[3] """ IMHO, this does nothing else than hurt morale. It's not that the Nokia engineers were so stupid as to not know where their platform stands. This memo only contains lamentations over lamentations, with only a small, general call to action towards the end: "We are working on a path forward -- a path to rebuild our market leadership. When we share the new strategy on February 11, it will be a huge effort to transform our company. " The way I see these types of memos work is like this: spend the first part of it describing the problem, and the second part should include the suggested solutions. I know a former boss of mine who , if I didn't do that in my "lamentation" emails, i.e. not suggest solutions, would have smashed my head against the nearest desk. > My friends give their wives all their money. Isn't this how things are done in a normal relation? I mean not necessarily giving the money to your wife, but having both yours and your wife's money in the same pool. > Socializing, a family, learning macrame - all of those things do not add to being the ultimate hacker. When you build stuff for the outside world to use (software, architecture etc.) then knowledge of the "outside world" is of extreme importance. You being the "ultimate hacker" or the greatest architect since Phidias has no importance whatsoever. Funny to see zope.interface on that list. I remember back in 2005, when Zope 3 had just been launched, about how everyone who mattered in the Zope world would say things like "only stupid, retrograde people won't switch to Zope3". I guess the stupid people won, because 6 years on Zope is like the Cobol of Python web frameworks. I just hope the same thing won't happen to Python itself. > So who wants to build a real Q/A site based on this? Call it hal-18000. You'd have to learn it to deal with thick accents like this one: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FFRoYhTJQQ . Honestly, I don't know if that's possible, no matter how much training you'd put into the machine. > Natural Language Processing != Voice Recognition This is what I don't get, why should be "language processing" tied to written text? Part of the answer I know, because it's easier for computers to parse, but other than that it doesn't make sense. The thought of tearing apart/desecrating a written book gives me the shivers. It doesn't matter if it's in a language I don't understand. Or maybe it's just me :) > It's easy to be indignant when you wilfully misunderstand and/or ignore the fundamental principles of human society. Which, I guess, is exploitation :) Also, don't forget South Korean and Hong Kong cinema. For example Scorsese's "The Departed" is a (inferior) remake after a Hong Kong trilogy. > and this released steam is irradiated I wonder where this steam is going to end up. All those lambasting us about how this is "not another Chernobyl" seem to forget mentioning this, as if all this mess isn't serious enough if it's not on par with Chernobyl. > What do you do on the weekends? Also, what does his/her spouse think about it? > How can you be so obtuse? Yeah, that always gets to me, too. And it is also funny how lots of these people try to downplay the effects of the Chernobyl disaster, if that's even possible. When it comes to the number of casualties they hurry up in bringing up the 4,000 mentioned in the IAEA report, which is like asking Dick Cheney or Donald Rumsfeld of writing up about the effects of the Iraq mess. Just today I was reading about how in one of counties of Romania (of which I am a citizen) the number of deaths caused by cancer is double the number of deaths caused by TBC (which used to be the number one killer before 1986) or diabetes. One might argue that this may be caused by a sudden change in the the conditions of living or anything related, but I can assure you that's not the case (if anything, heart-related deaths should have been on the number one spot). Of course, you won't see these cancer-related deaths taken into account in any of IAEA's reports. I also have some sort of personal emotional involvement in all this, as one of my childhood playmates and best-friends died of leukemia in 1990. He was 5 when Chernobyl happened, but of course no-one can link his death to that disaster, can it? It doesn't matter that I can't even remember one case of my parents telling me about kids dying of cancer in the '50s or the '60s, because that just didn't happen (although child mortality was way higher back then). It all miraculously started to happen after Chernobyl. > an excuse to paint nuclear power as completely unsafe and dangerous 50 people sacrificing their lives so that anything even shittier would not happen "is safe and not dangerous"? I fail to imagine what you really find "unsafe and dangerous". Without nuclear power IAEA's "raison d'être" vanishes. Without the Iraq war Cheney and Rumsfeld wouldn't have won the 2004 elections. Then I guess people are stupid, aren't they, because of all the friends I know none of them would prefer having his/her house close to a nuclear plant, compared to having it close to a coal plant. And what do you know? These stupid people (including me) do have the power to vote, and I sure as hell would vote for nuclear power plants to be closed down were I given the chance to do so. > What people are you talking about? These: http://streaming.tepco.co.jp/tepco_people/index-j.html From here: http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/g3zel/breaking_ex... In responding to jbri's comment bellow, as the "Reply" link doesn't show up for me on that one: > Are you suggesting that because ignorant people think something is unsafe, that means that it actually is unsafe? Yeah, this is what I'm saying, but isn't this what web 2.0 people were calling "wisdom of the crowds"? I guess back then it sounded cool, now it's just "return to technocracy" once more. > Crowds are dumb. The only time you want to follow the "wisdom of the crowd" is when the crowd is your marketable commodity. We're settled, then, because this is where we disagree :) I believe in the power of the people of taking decisions for themselves (even if the decisions are dumb), while you suggest than an informed elite should have the upper hand (if I read you correctly). I could go on and on about why I believe in what I said above (maybe the fact that I grew up under an authoritarian regime), but that doesn't belong in here, and I'm pretty sure you have your good reasons for believing in what you said. I guess history will decide. Yeap, you're right on the first 2 points I was trying to make. Reguarding this > If you're saying a dumb herd of people's panicky reactions to a scary situation actually mean nuclear power is more dangerous than other forms, you're dead wrong. I didn't say that people's reaction to nuclear power changes it into something "dangerous", I was only saying that if people decide not to fund nuclear development anymore (say, by not allowing their Governments to subsidize said industry) then its voice should be listened to, even if to some it may sound "dumb" or "panicky". This is why I said that if the voice of the majority isn't listened to we're back to Technocracy, i.e. a small group of informed elite taking vital decisions for the rest of us. > That a nuclear power station situation in a major earthquake zone next to the coast could magically survive a 9.0 earthquake and a tsunami? The un-posed question is "what happens if a group of terrorists fly an A380 directly into one of these plants"? Someone on reddit was mentioning that a nuclear plant in Texas was built to "withstand a direct hit from an F-16 traveling at supersonic speeds", but I guess an A380 is so much heavier and larger than a F-16. Because right now terrorists don't even need to get access to the US aerial space, they can hit a nuclear plant in Mexic (let's say this one http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laguna_Verde_Nuclear_Power_Stat... ) and still be able to cause important damage to the US population. Here's the reddit comment I was talking about: http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/g3tfr/and_you_are_tell... > Either way, there is no possible way you have enough information to make any of the claims you just made. I took out this from this report ( http://www.euronuclear.org/reflections/nuclear-facilities.ht... ), which I think was also mentioned by jgrahamc: > The studies showed that even if knowledgeable insiders could disable key safety equipment, redundant systems would provide backup protection. In scenarios where all engineered safety systems were ruined, there was still a period of hours to take corrective actions before onset of core damage. Now, you may argue that what indeed went wrong in the case of the Fukushima plant was that the "redundant systems" didn't provide the "backup protection" the experts relied on. I see this report is confident this would not be the case were the terrorists to hit a nuclear plant, but based on what happened in the last few days I'd say the confidence level for that scenario is bellow 100%. Anyway, thx for those downvotting me, and I hope I'll never be proven right. Supposedly an A380 carries much more fuel, whose explosive power might make up for the difference in impact speed. > It seems that the IAEA is not a useful source of up-to-date information here. From the agency's statute page ( http://www.iaea.org/About/statute_text.html#A1.2 ): > The Agency shall seek to accelerate and enlarge the contribution of atomic energy to peace, health and prosperity throughout the world. Now why would an Agency which is interested in "accelerating" the use of atomic energy for "prosperity" around the world say anything too negative about all this mess? > but we will hear about people sufferring from thyroid cancer 20 years after Chernobyl until the end of time. You can afford to be snarky when you didn't see a 8-year old died of leukemia because of Chernobyl. I don't care if HN bans me or anything, but as someone how has known and befriended such a kid, I tell you this: fuck you. Children dying of leukemia because of radiation is worst than hell on earth (not that I'm a spiritual person anyway). And just FYI, my brother lives close to a hydroelectric plant that were it to collapse then he would be dead in maximum 10-15 minutes (this is the plant: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vidraru_Dam ). My father's uncle (after whom I'm named), who was a technician at that dam, actually died while working there (a control room got flooded before he could escape from it). But it doesn't matter, I would still choose hydro over nuclear, because it just feels right. > I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be concluding from this. A day after the reddit comment the NyTimes had a front-page article on them: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/16/world/asia/16workers.html . The general tone of the article and of the people commenting on the article was that of "sacrifice", i.e. people putting their lives on the line for the benefits of the greater community. Updated: More about it from here ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/japan-tsunami/news/article.cfm?c_i... ): > David Richardson, a professor of epidemiology at the university of North Carolina who has studied the long-term health risks for nuclear plant workers, told the BBC those at Fukushima would receive in an hour the same amount of radiation a US nuclear worker is exposed over an entire career. To a non-specialist like me that sounds like "sacrifice". > That was the reaction in 2003 when Denise Griffin, the person in charge of Google’s small customer-support team, asked Page for a larger staff. Instead, he told her that the whole idea of customer support was ridiculous. Rather than assuming the unscalable task of answering users one by one, Page said, Google should enable users to answer one another’s questions. That explains a few things... I wonder why they they even bothered writing Google Forums, they could have just thrown phpBB at it and call it a day. I like it that there are at least 2 other programmers out-there using Python's IDLE. All this time I thought I was the only one using it :) > It has been estimated that 17 million were exposed to significant radiation after Chernobyl and nearly 2,000 people have since developed thyroid cancer having consumed contaminated food and milk as children. Citation needed for this one, other than one coming from an industry-lobbyist like IAEA. Me replying to me own comment, and because I've just seen that he's posted an Update linking to an UN study, here's a link to a book written on the effects of Chernobyl which presents a much bigger number: http://books.google.com/books?id=g34tNlYOB3AC&lpg=PA186&... I can tell you that in the case of my country, Romania, the numbers are probably even higher because of a lot of mis-reporting (voluntary or not), or just plain stupidity from the doctors when it came to diagnosing (just fyi, we had close to 7,000 kids "accidentally" infected with HIV at at the end of the '80s). And also, a very interesting extract from Wikipedia's entry on one of the authors of the above book: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vassili_Nesterenko > Because of his activities, he lost his job and got problems with the State Security Agency of Belarus, which threatened him with internment in a psychiatric asylum. Later, however, the Belarusian government tried to soften him proposing him to get back a job in a state institute, "at the condition that he would not work on Chernobyl anymore." He escaped two assassination attempts.[1] > Nesterenko intervened immediately after news of the accident in the nuclear power plant started to spread. As an expert on the subject and with his experience as a fire fighter, he threw liquid nitrogen containers from a helicopter on the burning reactor core. To do this he had to move into the middle of radioactive smoke. Despite the heavy radioactive contamination of the area, Nesterenko survived. However, of the four passengers of his helicopter, three died from radioactive irradiation and contamination.[1] > get fed 3 meals a day during the week Sounds like a nursery :) You don't see that many states declaring war on the United States because of Guantanamo or the immoral treatment of Bradley Manning. So, let's forget this moral bullshit scenario we use as an excuse and give correct references to Hobbes and Machiavelli. In other words, we attacked Lybia because we are stronger than them and because we thought that the costs will be smaller than the benefits. > Are you equating those actions to Gaddafi's proclamation that he would weed out rebels 'House by house, room by room' in Benghazi? That's the thing, because I really do want to believe in Kant's credo that humanity/human life should always be treated as an end in itself, and not as a mean to whatever other ends, so that you could say that I do "equate" Gaddafi's actions to any other Government-inflicted injustices done to other people around the world. Although I would object against the use of the term "equate", because this sort of implicitly suggests that human life is just an operator in a mathematical operation. This is I think the reason why Kant was very strongly behind the idea of "Perpetual peace" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perpetual_peace#The_Kantian_vie... ) Of course, like you rightly suggest the world is not black and white :), and I agree with you (hence my reference to Hobbes, for example), but what bugs me in all these articles is that the people writing them seem to have no idea of what has been discussed on this matter for at least the last 350 years, or, even worse, they treat us like we have no idea, and just regard us as children being told what's good and right. Thomas Paine ( http://files.libertyfund.org/pll/quotes/123.html ): > War is the common harvest of all those who participate in the division and expenditure of public money, in all countries. It is the art of conquering at home; the object of it is an increase of revenue; and as revenue cannot be increased without taxes, a pretence must be made for expenditure. In reviewing the history of the English Government, its wars and its taxes, a bystander, not blinded by prejudice nor warped by interest, would declare that taxes were not raised to carry on wars, but that wars were raised to carry on taxes. > and is pretty much universally repudiated. Just curious, based on what? > Ever been unable to think of a word for what you wanted to say? Wouldn't that be an "unknown unknown"? My mother-tongue, Romanian, has a word called dor , whose exact meaning/translation I could never find in any English-written text. It doesn't describe unicorns in heavens or any such non-existent thing, in fact there is a similar term called saudade in Portuguese ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saudade ), but the thing is that in order to get its full meaning you need to have it included in a larger text, because words by themselves don't mean anything. And the ability of seeing the bigger picture (I know it sounds enterprisey, but that's how I see it). I can still remember our 1st year Physics professor telling us, a class of nerdy CS kids, about how familiarity and a deeper understanding of the field you're writing your programs for is way more important than pointers, data structures etc. IAEA is the nuclear industry's main lobby agency. Is like asking OPEC what do they they think about the Gulf oil spill. So no, coming with data provided by them is no better than what you see in the newspapers. > Success is essentially all that's valued at both an educational and social level, which entirely ignores the value of actually learning something, improving your future attempts. Which I find quite strange, especially as our Western culture wouldn't have existed without Socrates, who championed the exact same ideas you're talking about :) > Any parent can do it. Yeah, but it's easier to shift the responsibility to other, more "professional-looking" people, especially if you have the money to do that. Which doesn't mean that I don't agree with you. One of my first childhood memories is of my father teaching me the letters of the alphabet, when I was 4 or so. He was on a lunch-break, I remember that, he worked on a construction site. After that it was easy to learn to read by myself at about 5, one day I just opened a kids' book and, as I had already knew what those letters meant, it was easy to start reading. He also taught me the first words and expressions in French ("ceci est une pipe" and all that), when I was 8 or 9. Nothing too fancy, he just taught me how to pronounce the words in French and we read a couple of simple phrases out-loud. That gave me a huge advantage over my school-colleagues a couple of years later, when we started to learn French in school. It also mattered a lot for me that my parents' house was full of books, and the fact that I saw my father reading each and every day. > I'm curious. I never studied Socrates in detail and the closest I've come are hodgepodge collection of folklore First and most important thing, when reading Plato you always hear Socrates say again and again that one should "know himself" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Know_thyself#By_Plato ). I don't have any exact citation at hand, you can find the exact links on wikipedia, but this theme seams to permeate all his speeches. Sometimes even if it's not said in plain words you kind of feel that that's what he has been after all along, i.e. a better understanding of oneself. And there's also Socrate's mistrust regarding books, which isn't directed at the physical objects, but more at what the books represent, condensed wisdom that many of us already take for granted without questioning. In certain ways that's very similar to what the modern educational system does to today's kids, I mean we take lots of things for granted without bothering of thinking with our heads anymore. > To me (as an outsider) it looks as if the USA, en masse, doesn't believe in science anymore. I'm also an outsider, but I think this is really a money problem. The same thing happened in the USSR in the late '80s, suddenly there was no money for science anymore, it didn't matter that the Soviet scientists had helped produce great things. > Websites care a lot about their Google organic search rankings (which is why, for example, helping websites improve their rankings is multibillion-dollar industry). A button that improved search rankings would likely get prominent placement by many websites. No way in hell this cannot be spammed to death. No way, I say, Google has these clever algorithms that make sure that all the search results have a least a link to about.com on their first page. > Facebook is such a horrible platform for creative people. Just as an anecdote, I'll tell you what my creative wife did this weekend. She wrote 2 or 3 posts on her blog, and then she bugged me all day to tell her which one of them was any good, because she wanted to post the good ones on Facebook for all her friends to see. You could say "Hey, why don't the 200 friends she has follow her blog using Google Reader?", but that's not how things work in real, non-geeky life. Heck, for all I know a public library subscription would be more useful in "getting to know oneself" by reading what the great minds of our world had to say about it, not to mention that it'd be a lot more cheaper A Milan Kundera reference in Forbes magazine... The world must be approaching its end, then :) > Before Google Map Maker—a product that enables people to add to and update the map for locations around the world—only 15 percent of the world’s population had detailed online maps of their neighborhoods. It's like OpenStreetMap doesn't even exist. This is sad, coming from an official Google blog, I don't think it's the good way forward. As far as classical literature goes, if you're read Balzac, Stendhal and Tolstoy then you've read them all. Problem solved :) > Google Profiles ( https://profiles.google.com/ ) has better usability and a cleaner design than Apple's homepage ( http://www.apple.com/ ). It's only a matter of taste. For me that page is ugly as hell. I haven't activated my profile yet, and maybe because of this that page looks empty, no content on it, no reasons given to me for why I should ever activate my profile. On top of that, I also managed to break their JS on the first couple of minutes of browsing it. I clicked on the "PicassaWeb" tab link and strange layover window reluctantly showed up (after 2 or 3 seconds on the first try). When I try to close that by clicking the "No thanks" link nothing happens, apart from FF reporting a JavaScript error: > Error: h is undefined Source File: https://profiles.google.com/c/ui/js/122008102-PwaLinkMain.js Line: 39 I'm on FF 3.6.13, Windows 7. Here's a quick screenshot: http://i.imgur.com/f67Nj.png I don't think they're going to catch Facebook with that ugly page design and beginners' mistakes. > Not to mention an established relationship with millions of businesses through AdWords. I still think you need to have people on the ground. And lots of them. As a small aside, I work for a Groupon-clone website in a non-US market. I've built a very nice Internet-based redemption interface for the business owners to check the clients' coupons. Guess what? ~75% of them don't even have Internet at the POS, they print their coupon lists at a home computer and somehow manage all the clients we send them manually. We also manually create accounts for about half of them, because, apparently, creating an user account on our Drupal-based website is too damn difficult. Maybe this time is different, and all the tech-savy small-business owners from out-there will go directly into Google's arms. I personally doubt it. > The author is not saying "write C in Python," he's saying "Aim for C-style abstractions in Python." i.e. build the codebase around the bread-and-butter: function calls, iteration, reference-passing and mutability, and not around abuse of the numerous higher-level abstractions available(meta-programming, yield, exec()...). It's a lesson learned regularly by programmers as they gain experience and move towards conservativism, after having seen all their silver bullet attempts go up in flames. Amen to that. I've been programming in Python for 7 years now, but lately I had started to see more and more of my fellow Pythonistas dropping "yields" all over the place, using "generator this / generator that" etc. I thought I was either getting too old or maybe I was not smart enough, because to me Python it's 99% about writing and manipulating nice hash tables (dictionaries, as they are called) and lists (I love those list comprehensions). Again, maybe is just me, I just felt that adding another layer of abstraction would get between me and the data I'm trying to manipulate when I write my programs. > They don't want to deal with that shit. There's no conspiracy. I totally agree with you. Why would any Übermensch in his right mind eat and drink in the same room as a yellow-badged Untermensch? That's heresy. > 2)... are mostly people of color and cannot eat Google meals That's a bummer, because those were indeed people of color who were not allowed to eat Google meals. Well, at least I know why it took you guys in the States 100 years to actually give equal rights to your fellow black citizens: you were all too afraid of losing your jobs. > The opposite of this is the windows effect (aka the php effect), where you get disrepected for using a particular technology regardless of how talented or productive you actually are with it. Just wanted to add my related $0.02 rant: Everybody bashes PHP for its associative arrays, but when Python finally implemented the same data-structure (ordered dicts I think they are called) a long, long time after PHP first got them, then everybody started congratulated themselves and saying "what a nice idea the Python guys implemented!". > Gates is putting his money where his mouth is. He is an investor in his friend Nathan Myrhvold’s nuclear reactor startup Terrapower, Conflict of interests. Move on, people. > However, anyone would invest in something and promote it if they believe in it. Yeah, you're right, but then again, the title should have been more like "Atomic Industry Investor Bill Gates On Nuclear Energy: Compared To Coal, It Is Still Safer", because right now I tend to read it more like "Renowned philanthropist Bill Gates On Nuclear Energy: Compared To Coal, It Is Still Safer" > Hopefully, people will be too busy surfing the web to notice that their cars are politely improving traffic flow. I actually did that while traveling to work this very morning :) No need to dive into the future for that. It's called public transportation. > Plug in a camera and it offers to upload them to Picasa. I'm on a 3-day trip to Paris, with my wife. At the end of day one we go back to our cheap 3-star hotel room, and we want to upload the day's pictures. All 200 of them (that's about 700MB on my photo camera). What do I do? Do I use my Internet roaming? That would be ~700 euro, so no. Do I rely on my hotel's crappy and expensive Internet connection to upload the photos to Picassa? No, because I don't want to lose half a night and ~100 euros (at ~20 euros per hour). Why can't I just download all the photos on my laptop, no Internet traffic involved, and upload a select few on Facebook, like everybody does? (because what would be the fun of going to Paris if you can't brag about it on FB? right when it happens, not after 3 days, not after 3 weeks). > You can translate a text from any language to any other language without losing its meaning You can't translate poetry. Sure, you can find the equivalent words between the language in which the poem has been written and the language you want to translate into, but the original meaning is lost. I can give you countless examples, but the easiest it would be for you to pick a poems' book written in a foreign language (I assume you already know a foreign language) and read it in original. And then read the translation in your native tongue. They aren't quite the same, are they? > If money, or geography, or whatever is preventing it, they'll still do the best they can to make sure they don't miss anything. I live in Romania, and unfortunately for those a little older than me the '80s were pretty hard times, with us being on the wrong side of the Iron Curtain and living under a dictatorship. Nevertheless, people couldn't care less, they were still listening to Radio Free Europe for the latest "decadent" music charts, even though that could have meant their parents losing their State-controlled jobs or even going to prison. So, yeah, trying to impose stupid barriers (be them real or virtual) has never worked and they'll never do. Lew Rockwell's blog : http://www.lewrockwell.com/blog/ Economist.com blogs, especially the Johnson blog ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/johnson ) and the "Free exchange" blog ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange ) Planet Python : http://planet.python.org/ The Erlang sub-reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/erlang > People I know get most of their information digitally, reading books, articles, news, doing research, etc., all via computers, ipads, kindles, etc. It's just an easier way to consume information. Any book-lover would tell you that reading them books is not only about "consuming information". Otherwise, I would be a little bit skeptical in announcing the death of a cultural item that has been with us for at least 2,000 years. With an online library how are you going to "serendipitously" find new books from other domains you don't know you're interested in? I remember when I was 14 or 15, I was going to our small-town's public library once every 2 days or so, I was reading all the SF books I could find. The thing is that the SF books shelf was just after the history books shelf, and, even though I liked history, I never would have thought of reading history books if it weren't for me passing in front of that history books shelf each and every time. > Maybe I'm missing something else? I don't think you're necessarily wrong, maybe is just that us, "book-fetishists", are a dying species :) Reading your post I thought a little harder about why I wouldn't like physical books to go away, or to be transformed into "souvenirs" (which I think it's pretty much the same as them books going away). First, like I said, maybe I'm just a "book-fetishist". It's very hard to explain, Borges explained it best when he said that he hopes "Heaven is a library". Second, and I saw that you wrote about that in your blog post, books do indeed "represent things, places, times, events or ideas to certain people". I know it happens to me very often to just sit in my couch and look through the titles of the books I've accumulated in my personal library. Half of them I haven't even read, but just reading their titles gives you a special feeling. Last and not least, I still continue to believe that my interest in reading was very much nurtured by me growing in a small apartment filled up with the books that my dad had bought. I kind of hope that my unborn child will inherit the same passion, just because s/he would grow up in a house surrounded by books. > The strange hate for people who are "cheap" is one of the more bizarre about Americans. I also find strange the stigma attached to being a "loser". > the questions are biased in favor of a `theory` person over a `practice` person. Reminds me of a phone-interview I had with Adobe for a Python job. The guy at the other end of the line asks me to sort of implement an algorithm, on the phone, I ended up solving his problem using a dictionary, getting its keys and then sorting it. That of course wasn't what the guy wanted, but it solved the problem. I eat lots and lots of bread (what you would call "carbs") but basically no meat, and I'm quite skinny nevertheless. I do no sports (I've only recently started to ride my bicycle after a 10-year pause), nor am I on any diet or anything similar. So, yeah, I don't see how carbs are worse than fat. And when you think that WW2 only lasted for 6 years... > Mark Guzdial and Barb Erickson have shown that introducing students to programming by teaching them Python and writing programs that manipulate images and sound This worked wonders for me, Python, I mean. I was one of those students who had no programming language knowledge prior to my CS1 class, which was based on the C programming language. I was not that bad at things like maths or physics, but I couldn't for the life of me understand how could one write "i++;" or "for(i=0;i I started to use Python not much after this article(2002?), and I wonder how much of those days' simplicity holds true. I started learning Python in 2003, I was really a programming newby, by I managed to get my first full-time programming job just 2 years later because Python made it that easy for a neophyte to get from 0 experience to getting paid to write code. List comprehensions are cool, and not that hard to grasp, but I agree, I sort of started losing track once people started using "generator that" or "decorator this" for every damn problem you threw at them. > Eternal September happened. There aren't enough old-timers hanging on and flagging off political stories to keep up with the newcomers. Unfortunately, I think this is how it all started on reddit. I think somewhere in late 2007 - early 2008 the front page of reddit started to get filled up with political stories. At first I ignored them, I was just down-voting them hoping that the usual "Lisp is great! | No is not" stories would make it to the front page again. They didn't. Then, it only got worse, with all the LOL Cats stories, then the memes, the IamA posts, and again cats, after which I lost count. > My jaw is on the floor. It drives me nuts when people go from 'We can't explain that yet' to 'The only explanation is God.' I don't think anyone mentioned God, and, to be fair, the problem of what exactly constitutes reality and what would be the best ways to imitate it is quite complex. We, as a species, have been trying to find the rational answer to this problem for at least 2,500 years (since the pre-Socratics), but as far as I know we haven't come to any definitive answer, we don't even know if there is such an answer. > And why exactly are myths, religions or philosophy better at answering questions than science? What’s the justification for that claim? Science assumes that there is a "justification" (for language, the universe, you name it). A true philosopher always begins by asking himself if there is such a thing as "justification". Just think about it, science has helped us put a man on the Moon and create the Tsar bomb, but it isn't able to answer Epimenides's "All Cretans are liars" paradox, a 2,500 years-old problem. > It’s a paradox. You take as a given that paradoxes are or at least should be "un-answerable". This Wikipedia page ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liar_paradox#Possible_resolutio... ) mentions a list of guys that tried to answer it, but anyway, this problem is way over my head, I should go back to writing Drupal modules before I also start rambling about Solipsism ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solipsism#Gorgias_.28of_Leontin... ) :) > There are several ways one could model language, from a top down purely statistical approach that Norvig likes, something in the middle which Chomsky proposes, to a bottom up neural model of chemical interactions. Yeah, I was just trying to take a step back (and maybe I was too OT, I agree), but at some point we should start asking ourselves more fundamental questions. Anyway, this discussion is way over my head, I'm just glad that HN users think there's an answer for everything, is like Godel or Kant have never written anything in their entire lives. > Whoever created the paradox made a mistake "Mistake" means there is a "right answer", a point of reference. What is that? Otherwise, your use of the concept "mistake" doesn't make sense. > Paradoxes are defined as un-answerable Yeah, of course we can define things ad-nauseam. That doesn't just make "reality" any more "real", it just helps us send men on the Moon, curing diseases or building atomic bombs. > There would be a huge economic benefit to allowing trucks to run 24x7 without drivers. What would happen to the current drivers? Which new jobs should they pick? > "the US is heading this way. We've seen this movie, and we don't like the way it ends." I grew up in post-communist Romania, and I've also seen this movie before. Immediately after 1990 (the fall of communism) money started losing their value. At the beginning money were losing their value by "only" 40-50% per year, to a maximum of ~150% inflation rate in the late '90s. It was only in the mid 2000s' that the inflation rate first dropped to single digits. I can still remember reading Malthus in high-school, and about how he was saying that the middle-class people are always the worst affected by the economic crisis. What can I say? My parents went from a secure, middle-class position (apartment, car, country-house) to relying on subsistence-agriculture in the space of maximum 10 years. And they weren't the only ones. > You scare me. :-) Relax, things are a lot better now (even for me, I'm on HN, ain't I? :)). What I'm talking about happened 10-15 years ago. And congratulations for choosing Cluj. I'm usually trapped in Bucharest but I'm happy that tomorrow I'll go to Sibiu for a 4-day vacation. It's only a 2-h drive from Cluj I think, I highly recommend it for when you have time to discover the rest of the country :). > college also sorts people according to aptitude. It separates the math types from the poetry types. I'm a college dropout and a programmer. I got an A and an A+ at my 2 Calculus classes in college, but in the same time I was reading Petrarca, Yeats and Donne. What does that make me? Your GMail contacts. Wait, they can't do that anymore! I genuinely don't know then, they must have a clever algorithm in place to create a brand new list of friends, depending on your past searches. > Encirclement and passage was one of the lessons the American military learned (sort of) from Stalingard that they later executed in the island hopping campaigns of the Pacific. I was just reading Machiavelli's "Discourses on Livy" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discourses_on_Livy ) last night, more exactly a chapter called "Fortresses are generally more injurious than useful": > But when the prince has not a good army, then fortresses whether within his territory or upon the frontiers are either injurious or useless to him; injurious, because they are easily lost, and when lost are turned against him; and even if they are so strong that the enemy cannot take them, he will march by with his army and leave them in the rear; and thus they are of no benefit, for good armies, unless opposed by equally powerful ones, march into the enemy’s country regardless of cities or fortresses, which they leave in their rear. We have many instances of this in ancient history; and Francesco Maria did the same thing quite recently, when, marching to attack Urbino, he left ten hostile cities behind him without paying the least attention to them. You can very well replace "fortress" with "battleship" and the idea is the same. Anyway, I highly recommend the book, and you're mentioning somth about the US Army learning from the Germans' mistakes. Well, I can tell you that they certainly did not learn anything from reading Machiavelli, otherwise they wouldn't have trusted Karzai in Afghanistan (there's a chapter called "How dangerous it is to trust to the representations of exiles"), not to mention trying to conquer peace by bribing everyone involved in ruling present Afghanistan (there's also a chapter for it: "Republics and princes that are really powerful do not purchase alliances by money, but by their valor and the reputation of their armies") or not doing anything about Abu Ghraib ("How dangerous it is for a republic or a prince not to avenge a public or a private injury"). Here's the English translation of this great book: http://oll.libertyfund.org/simple.php?id=775 > This seems so unprovoked. Constant citizens' surveillance and infringing of their rights by "righteous" Governments is also unprovoked. Remember kids, when the civilians hack other people's webservers it's "cyber-terrorism", when is the Government the one that does it, it's "cyber-warfare". I'd rather have my car powered by a German engine (well, it's manufactured in "lazy" Spain by a German company, but it's European all the same). It consumes way less gasoline compared to US cars, and it's also a lot more reliable. Some of you could say that reliable, low-consuming car engines do not count as "technological innovation", that we should give more praise to technological "innovators" like Facebook and Zynga. Then again, having FB or FarmVille down doesn't cause any wars, while being able to drive cars that consume less gasoline might avoid a war or two. > Y and 15 other friends changed their profile pic > X is now friends with 10 new people It might be just me, but isn't this the main use of FB, i.e. stalking? Of course I want to know when my friends have changed their profile pictures, how else would I assess their happiness and fulfillment in life if not by looking at their latest photos? > A lot of the historical symbols of pride have become meaningless I'm too lazy to search for the exact reference this very moment, but I remember reading about how Seneca was making fun of the wealthy, not-so-educated people of his age that were collecting papyrus books in order to show how cultivated they were. This was happening 2,000 years ago, I fail to see how such a long habit would disappear over night just because people in Sillicon Valley live in a different world. > Back in the day, I remember writing reddit comments and blog posts to explain the relative popularity of Rails over Catalyst. It was usually along the lines of, "people want to be told what to do. given a screw, they would rather bash it in with a hammer than to read about what a screwdriver is." Posts like this reinforce that point: people don't use Rails because they want to use Rails, people use it because they're afraid of anything else. Rails gave them everything that they thought they needed, and no easy way to back out of the defaults. It was a comfortable world where you could never do something wrong. Now that Rails is becoming a meta-framework like Catalyst, people are being driven away because they have to think before they program, and they have to customize Rails into the framework they want instead of just using the framework that dhh wants. Just the other day I was writing a similar piece about Django on my blog. Back in the day it used to be damn-simple to start a Django project (compared to starting a Zope project, for example). Download the thing, change a line or two in settings.py, and you were done. No need to worry about what ORM was Django using or about how some people thought that the templateing system was un-pythonic. Things just worked. Now I see that more and more people decry the fact that Django is not "modular" enough or that you cannot change its default ORM with any other one just by editing one line of code. Guess what? Your boss or the client doesn't care one bit about the virtues of SQLAlchemy compared to Django's default ORM, they only want to know how long it will take for you to implement the features they want. Now, if you, as a programmer, have enough spare time to handle all the loose bits (custom ORM, better templateing systems, custom URL dispatch mechanisms etc.) then chances are you shouldn't be using an existing web-framework (like Django, for example), and that you should build your own. But don't forget to finish your projects on time. And, for anyone interested, here's Martijn Faassen's recent Euro DjangoCon keynote about what Django could learn from Zope: http://reinout.vanrees.org/weblog/2011/06/07/zope.html . The thing is, I'm old enough to remember about how Zope 3 was supposed to be the "best Python web-framework ever. It lets you do everything you want, you just have to understand interfaces". Six years on, and nobody cares anymore. Come on, let's be serious here for a moment. http://www.mahalo.com/immanuel-kant/ . Half of the page is full with stupid Google AddWords (no, I don't want to purchase a credit when I'm reading about Kant, you stupid Google). The other half is filled with trivia (I don't care how many miles he walked per day), and the last 5% is passable information probably copied from wikipedia. The reason I went to that page is that I'm finally trying to read Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason", and me being the stupid that I am of course that I don't understand anything in it. This is why when someone mentioned that they're "experts" and that they know what they're writing I tried to take advantage and become a less stupid person. I failed. As an Eastern-European, I agree it's a thorny issue. But Westerners also have to agree that the "Trente Glorieuses" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trente_Glorieuses ) couldn't have been possible without foreign workers, or, in the case of Italy, without the help of internal migration (from South to North). > Big data is sexy. Ruby on Rails is sexy. This is really a pity, because large companies can gather lots of interesting data. For example, my wife works for a large (European) oil company, which has been in the process of installing SAP (it only took ~ 2 years, with lots of SAP consultants paid at 800-1000 euro per day ). Anyway, being the big company that they are they have lots of gas stations spread all over the country, in the best locations possible. But nobody is doing anything with that sales data. They could write some heatmaps, make some sales predictions based on how close a gas station is to a major road, see when things change etc. There's no incentive for doing that, because it will either involve re-hiring those consultants at 800 Euro per day or trying to train the internal IT people to modify/extend the existing SAP installation (good-luck with that!) > when i'm working a 9-5 job, the last thing i want to do is go home and program more. i'd rather throw the ball around with the dog or rock out on my guitar. Just my two cents: I don't see programming in my spare time as, well, just programming. I see it mostly just as a tool that helps me with my hobbies. I like to read history very much, especially about my city, then why not build a heat-map based on the constructions years of its buildings? (thanks, gheat! http://code.google.com/p/gheat/ ). And how to get said constructions years? By just writing a small Python script that parses some big real-estate agent website. And you can do the same thing if you like sports, going to the theater or if you like Medieval history (I have a home-project for each one of these domains). And while you're at it, why not learning a new language/technology when trying to implement them? It gives me nausea. Anyway, it's not that helpful, either. I don't want to be distracted by "A ", "Ar ", "Arc*" etc. results when I search for "Archaeology" , because, supposedly, I know what I'm searching for. I don't want to transform HN into a sports-related forum, but since The Economist has also written on the subject, I guess I can give it my 2cents... > Lionel Messi, who at 23 is already being considered as one of the greatest players to ever play the game, right up there with Pele, Maradona, etc He can dribble, all right, but I'm not the only one who isn't regarding him as "an all time best", simply because he hasn't help his country winning a World Cup final (or even helping it to get there). At 17 Pele was winning the World Cup in Sweden, while Maradona almost single-handedly won the Mexico '86 World Cup for Argentina and helped them reach the final again, 4 years later (not to mention winning the scudetto with Napoli, against possibly the best club-team of all times, Van Basten's AC Milan). And remember that Barcelona's lineup also includes Andres Iniesta, the man who scored the only goal against the Netherlands in last year's World Cup final, Xavi, Spain's bets man when they won the Euro 2008 Final Tournament, Pedro, David Villa, Alves (one of the best players on his position) ans so on and so on. > In theory driverless cars could end up having algorithmic optimizations and use networked information such as to use overall road capacity much more efficiently. A company like Google isn't smart enough to drive off about.com from the front page of almost all of their SERPS, and do you actually expect them to come up with an "algorithmic optimization" for driverless-cars in cities like Cairo or Istanbul? > A lot of the people who wrote the books you're staring at in a book store have day jobs. And I don't think there's anything wrong with that, IMHO. Kafka had a day job at Assicurazioni Generali, but that didn't stop him writing The Castle or Metamorphosis. I barely made it half-way through the article, it sounded like an United Colors of Benetton add adapted into a Nobel-winning Economics paper. Just a couple of gems that made me skip it: """ they may well be more driven by ideas, simply because they have less information about the world outside """ So, supposedly, us, the rich people, live in the "real" world, why them , the poors, live in a world from which they cannot see "outside". Ok, I got it. """ She would also read to us books on Mother Teresa, on African children, etc """ Mother Teresa and African children in the same sentence, what's this, "feel-good bingo for well-off people"? Also notice the "etc" after "African children", that's a first. And I could go on and on. In case anyone's curious (and before you start downvotting me), I'm furious about the condescending tone of this article because some time ago, when I was 15-16, my family went from middle-class status to poverty (meaning less per US$ 1 per day per person) in a very short time. I can still remember my mum, an engineer by training, going to the market place early in the morning to sell home-grown parsley. She gave me most of that money in order to pay for private math-lessons given by my high-school math teacher (that was the only way to get into CS school). I still try to help my parents as much as I can, but 10 years later they still rely mostly on subsistence agriculture. But, nevertheless, they're happy with it, that's their life, they have their small piece of land, they garden it, they live under the sun in fresh air and not in a God-forsaken cubicle with artificial lights, and my dad would look very strangely at these "rich", paper-writing people who think he's living in a "different", lesser world. > The educated American masses helped create the American century, as the economists Claudia Goldin and Lawrence Katz have written More evidence needed. IMHO, the Nazis and their craziness did a lot more for creating "the American century" than US schools. First, by forcing to emigrate all the smart Jewish University professors in the 1930s, and then by getting defeated in WW2 and allowing both the Americans and the Soviets to take advantage of their research in rocket-related fields. > If human capital is the important factor then being 6 credits short of a 140 credit degree shouldn't affect outcomes. If signalling matters, it should have a rather large effect. It it matters, I'm a CS dropout from an an Eastern European country which is also part of the European Union. Let's say I've got 125 out of 140 credits (so I got pretty close to actually finishing it). Anyway, I have a pretty good job and all, but once in a while I receive a job offer that actually sounds interesting. It did happen to me to actually get rejected from such a job "because as you don't have a degree, and as we work with an European Union agency, and as said EU Agency requires that all our employees should have a CS degree, we're sorry to announce to you etc", as they elegantly put it. Some other guys said no to my salary requirement "because you don't have a CS degree, we won't receive the tax breaks given by the Government to us for hiring people with CS degrees, so we're going to pay you less". Fuck them, I said :) I don't know what the moral of the story should be. What I got out of it all is that I should always work in an environment very close to a meritocracy (and small startups seem to be the closest thing to this), and maybe later down the road open my own shop. > Would it make sense to have an automated email to the effect of "Thanks for contacting us. Here are the frequently faced problems." ? It depends on the target audience. If it consists of geeks/people familiar with computers from an early age, then, yes, they might read that, otherwise you're going to do what MicahWedemeyer does (and what myself I'm doing, for a Groupon-clone website targeted to women): emailing your users predefined passwords, hoping they'll actually change them after the first time they use them. > or are you just being honest? I hope I'm being honest, why would I lie? Anyway, said company had a contract with a European Union Agency, and, as mentioned, said Agency was putting a major emphasis (as in more points awarded as part of the tender process) on sub-contractors that had only CS-graduates as programmers. And the "tax-deductions for companies hiring CS-graduates part" I'll admit, it's not an EU-wide, EU-mandated policy (hence my mention that the tax was collected by my country's Government), but my suspicion is that my country is not the only one adopting this particular tax treatment. I think the people that came up with this policy thought that this would somehow create an IT bonanza. It might achieve that, who knows? But you'll have to admit it has some perverse effects, such as non-graduates like myself being at a disadvantage compared to degree-holding programmers. > New York Times owns about.com. Wait, what?! Fuck, I hate that website. I was once searching for something like "Chernobyl cancer statistics" or something similar and, sure enough, about.com was there in the top 10 for that search. And that was after update Panda. At this point I've started to give up, I'm just adding "wiki" in almost all of my searches, hoping that Wikipedia has something smart/accurate to say about the subject I'm interested in. > Sitting for several hours each day is bad for you, like smoking is bad for you, regardless of whether you do healthful activities, too. I'm looking forward to the EU-directive that will ban chairs in bars and restaurants, the same as they did with smoking. Why would I need to "Find patents about" my favorite soccer team? > One of the nice things about the product is its whimsical nature — a puff of smoke and a -1 animation appears when you remove a friend, and when you remove a social circle, it rolls away off the screen. They left out the tag or the comic-sans font, because that's what I call whimsical . Anyway, I wish them most of luck in stealing FB's 500+ million users. They're going to need it, both the luck and the users. 98% of my FB friends don't know about Stack Exchange or Experts Exchange. The other 2% are my IT-department co-workers. I'm not selling diamonds, only spa-coupons, so it's not the end of the world is someone-else somehow cracks other user's account (we don't store or process CC information on our side). > you should immediately route them into a password-change workflow on login We already have that by default (we're using Drupal), but, as I said, most of our target audience finds it too complicated. On my 13 inch MacBook the map itself only takes 50% of the actual screen real-estate, the rest is filled up with garbage (big search buttons, this toolbar which is not map-related, the left side-bar which is a giant, white, empty rectangle the first time when I open the page, the "change map-type" buttons which have gotten unnecessary bigger and bigger over time etc.). Compare this to Wikimapia's "here's the map on 98% of your screen, do what you want with it". Anyway, maybe it's just me, going to Google Maps because I love looking at maps and not clicking on stupid adds. > If G+ knows individuals, then search results served to other known (or unknown) individuals could reflect the subject individual's 'circles' settings Yeah, it would be really interesting to see which of my other friends would make it into the "Midget porn" circle, or into the "How do you kill yourself?" circle or the "How do I get rich?" circle, all these based on our collective Google searches. This thing is really slow. Plus, I got this JS error, don't ask me how: http://imgur.com/bdDvZ > Oh, and that’s not even considering the new "Hangout" videochat feature I've just realized that lots of "normal" FB users browse it from work, where chances are close to 0 that they'd use any videochat service whatsoever (you don't want your boss overhearing your discussion with your best friend about how stupid Rihanna is or about how Mark fucked up his entire life because he married Sue, just to give a few examples). So, yeah, Hangout is cool to power/media-guru users, like Scoble is, but I fail to see how Google is supposed to make a shitload of money on the back of them only. > mobility between EU countries is a piece of cake. The whole "different language" thing stands in the way of this. Plus, the Okies never had to deal with Californian "nationalism" in the 1930s, while, on the other hand, if you're Polish, Romanian or Bulgarian and you've gone to Western Europe in search of a better job you're always looked at as a foreigner, a guy who "has come to steal our jobs and destroy our identity". > "In January of 1991, Summers became the chief economist at the World Bank, and that spring he recruited Sandberg as a research assistant." I don't care how smart or good you are, without certain connections you're not going to get a research associateship at the world bank. TIL The current FB COO worked as a research assistant at the World Bank. Sometimes I want to blame my parents for being just a pair of middle-aged farmers in an Eastern-European country, when they could have had guys like Summers as their friend and a mansion in Hamptons if they had worked hard enough. > "what the fuck am I going to be when I'm 30". I'm 30 now and I'm asking myself the same thing :) First of all, I think you need to take each step at a time, that's what I do, at least. Also, try having a not-job-related activity if you have the time, it can give you that extra feeling that a month-to-month paycheck or whatever cannot provide. If it matters, I'm a CS college-dropout, I've been employed and able to support myself since 21, while all my friends only did that in their late 20s. So, on account of that, you're really way above the average in not relying on parents' supports, do not despair :) Machiavelli wrote about this 500 years ago ( http://oll.libertyfund.org/simple.php?id=775#chapter_76114 ), and interestingly enough he could not find any definitive answer one way or the other, maybe these guys are smarter than him, I cannot tell: > how manlius torquatus by harshness, and valerius corvinus by gentleness, acquired equal glory. > I conclude, then, that the character and conduct of Valerius is advantageous in a prince, but pernicious in a citizen, not only as regards his country, but also in regard to himself; pernicious for the state, because they prepare the way for a tyranny; and for himself, because in rendering him suspect to his fellow-citizens, it constrains them to take precautions against him that will prove detrimental to him. And, on the other hand, I affirm that the severity of Manlius is dangerous to the interests of a prince, but favorable to a citizen, and above all to the country. And it seldom turns to his prejudice, unless the hatred which it excites should be embittered by the suspicions which his great reputation and other virtues may inspire; as we will show when speaking of Camillus in the next chapter. Referenced from the article, I found this ( http://www.google.com/support/profiles/bin/answer.py?hl=en&#... ): > We believe that using Google Profiles to help people find and connect with you online is how the product is best used. Private profiles don’t allow this, so we have decided to require all profiles to be public. I couldn't find any such info (forcing user profiles to be made public) about Google+, but anyway I find it a little bit strange coming from Google, or any other company for that matter. For crying out loud, at least FB gave me the option of my name not showing up in any of their searches. That's why when I google my FB profile name it's nowhere to be found in the first 10 pages, because I don't want the whole world to know what friends do I have or which photo did I choose to represent me. It's like giving the option of everyone who has access to the Internet of entering my living room while I'm having a beer with my friends, at least this is how I perceive it. Or maybe Google+ just wants to be more like Twitter and less like FB, I cannot really tell, either way, I won't ever use it because of this. > We've been failing to acknowledge that ever since, since it's considered classist/elitist to point out the problem. That's what Marx was actually wishing for, i.e. more intensive work done by the machines equaling more free time for the laborers, who would use it to improve themselves etc. Of course, he was aware of the fact that were the machines to be owned by a select few (the "capitalists") then the profits would go mostly their way, this is why he said that the "means of production" should be owned by the workers. > Well name a philosophy book that is worth reading. Plato's Dialogues and the Pre-Socratics, written 2500 years ago. By reading the above works you'll see that they contained all the important questions. > Sometimes you can go too far in questioning everything to get any practical result. That's the thing, philosophy doesn't have to be practical, it stands by itself above everything else, with maybe only Maths as a worthy companion. You can either make fun of this, like Aristophanes already did 2,500 years ago in The Clouds , or you can take it as it is. This all could be have been averted had Google not forced its users to make their profiles public. Hooray for Midnight Commander, I thought I was the only one still using it :) > The Smartest Man in Europe Is Very Cautious I first thought it was going to be an article about Grigori Perelman and about how we are all one step closer to Apocalypse because he was very close to finding that there is indeed no foundation for Mathematics (or any similar conclusion that is way over my head in even trying to explain). Instead I stumbled upon an article about a rich heir to "a mercantile family" who talks about money, money, money. Not that's anything wrong with talking about money, but if that's we consider as the "smartest thing" in an entire Continent I think we have a problem. > I think the first driverless vehicles we'll allow on the roads will be unmanned trucks. They don't need a human onboard since they only transport goods, not people, and there's a huge efficiency gain if you can remove truck drivers, since they need to eat and sleep. Rail and water-transport are a lot mot cheaper than trucks (either manned or un-manned). The only thing that keeps them (the trucks) running is the cheap price of gasoline in the States. > There's plenty of nostalgia for these establishments, but the things that have replaced them electronically give us incredibly better selection at less of a cost. The question is: who will buy all these things (doesn't matter if it's online or offline) if more and more people don't have a steady paycheck? I don't know why you've been downvotted. Anyway, I said it before, the question remains: with which money will these unemployed people buy shiny new things? Because Government handouts won't cut it. Maybe I'm doing something wrong, but what's wrong with cheating? Isn't using other people's code, as in open-source, "cheating"? Isn't Google cheating just because it created a fancy clone of FB + Twitter? Wasn't Plotinus cheating because he borrowed one of Plato's main ideas and just fancied it up a little? Wasn't all Western Medieval philosophy cheating because it was barely a commentary to Aristotle and then later to Plato and Plotinus? I know I'm exaggerating, a little, I'm just trying to make a point. Schooling other people and forcing them not to "cheat" just for the sake of, well, schooling, doesn't have any benefits and it's nothing like what happens in real life. We're all trying to build things on the shoulders of giants. > panicking (or at least feeling a sense of stoic distress) at the mid-point as it first truly hits us that we are about to slam into the iceberg of inevitable aging and decline, Maybe a little OT, maybe not: > Nel mezzo del cammin di nostra vita > mi ritrovai per una selva oscura, > ché la diritta via era smarrita. > Midway upon the journey of our life > I found myself within a forest dark, > For the straightforward pathway had been lost. The first three lines of Dante's Paradise Lost . Sorry, I'm stupid, of course :) I blame it on the lack of morning coffee. This, apparently: http://money.cnn.com/2011/02/09/technology/cisco/index.htm . I couldn't find any article from later that day, when the drop happened, but it seems that in spite of "beaten expectations" the investors weren't that happy with the 18% drop in profits. Also, "temporary" URLs are so not cool. I had first tried to link to a Reuters article which I had found via Google Finance and it just wasn't there anymore. at least not where GFinance said it was supposed to be. And we're talking about a web resource published online only ~6 months ago, not about some 1998 article documenting the ongoing dot-com bubble. > Observer, the Adapter, or the Visitor It depends on the programming language one uses, really. You won't find many references to these patterns on Python's mailing list (or at least I didn't when I was new to the language and used to spend a lot of time there, ~6-7 years ago). Also, when I've tried to learn Lisp or Erlang I didn't find any mentions to such particular patterns (or maybe only in passing), the focus was on something else. And I'm sure there are a lot of other languages outhere who don't bother with patterns. > You're kind of arguing from ignorance. And I can't, for the life of me, see why. It's okay to not know about some things. And it's okay to not have your curiosity draw you to certain things. Please, ignorance has nothing to do with it, the author has kind of hit the nail on the head. First of all, he's correct insofar as nobody really wants to follow uninteresting or anonymous people. And the hard truth is that the majority of us are not interesting nor famous (me included, I've only got 2-3 followers, even though I follow around 30 people). > Who is the greatest contemporary philosopher that comes to mind? In fact, this is not a relevant question, it's the same like we'd be asking "who's the tallest philosopher?" or "who's the most handsome?". Heraclitus or Epicurus or Thomas Aquinas are as relevant to us, people of this day and age, as are the philosophers that by chance happen to live in the same time with us. I don't know who said it first (Hegel, I think), but I think that the history of philosophy is the same thing as philosophy itself, there's no linear progress from the pre-Socratics to the post-Marxists. > The issue on the Internet is not the lack of Facebook, the issue on the Internet is the lack of identity. How would one use PirateBay with a real identity? Or browse porn websites? Or anonymously flirting with people in chat rooms? What's wrong with this Internet? >Here's the meat of my point. The correct answer when writing software is "use a library". The correct answer when answering an interview question is code with minimal dependencies Which can be paraphrased as: "Here's the meat of my point. The correct answer when building a wooden shack is "use a hammer". The correct answer when answering an interview question about building wooden shacks is to make the hammer first". > Engineers can end up in the weeds because they chase tough problems to solve (they're fun!) rather than employing critical thinking to keep focused on the important business problems. Just a wild guess, but I don't think Google is interested in engineers that can "remain focused on the important business problems" anymore. Maybe it's just because of their size, or maybe just because they're more corporate now and procedures have gotten more important than the end-results, I cannot tell, either way, they're not a start-up anymore, where as an engineer you do have to look at the bottom line. > I've done a few of them in various interviews over the last year, and I have to say that in every case they bear precisely zero relevance to any software engineering that I've done in the last 15 years. In one recent case I've even had an interviewer standing and pointing over my shoulder at pieces of paper. That's when I would have gotten out of the room and said "thank you, I don't think we'd be a good match" :) Maybe I'm in a mad mood or somth (it's Monday, after all) but all this "let's write a parallel world, called TDD, to which the actual production code has to comply and praise and give sacrifices"-mantra has gotten a little over the top. Don't get me wrong, I'm sure that all these guys and chicks that live and die by TDD are smart (probably smarter than me), but what they are building is starting to get more and more out of touch with real-world requirements (I wanted to say somth about how this resembles a schizophrenic world, but for the moment I'll stop short of that). My father was a civil engineer, at a time when they didn't have AutoCAD available and all that fancy computer stuff. As he elegantly put it: "if I mess things up in my work people will die, either in 2 weeks or in 20 years, when the next big earthquake will hit us". Well, I never saw him "testing" building apartment-blocks, or industrial buildings, or roads, he made sure that what was on the sheet of papers where the construction plans were drawn would get built as accurate as possible in real life. And keep in mind that he was managing construction workers, many of them close to illiterate, even former convicts, and not CS-graduates. That's the job of all civil engineers from all over the world. So, if they can do it, why in the name of God do we programmers write tests for mundane stuff like sudoku-solvers? Something is not right. I was just reading this morning an archaeological report about a 14th century cemetery dug up somewhere in the Balkan area. Around 40% of the skeletons belonged to children aged 0 to 7, while out of the rest no skeleton was found having belonged to a person older than 60. In the following 2 centuries the situation got slightly better, as the percentage of children 0-7 decreased to ~30%, and they were able to find a few skeletons that had lived beyond 60. The point I'm trying to make is that we tend to very easily forget that we've come a really long way, but these things take time and they don't involve only science (the fact that the area I was studying was ravaged by the Ottoman expansion definitely had an impact on how long the people in the Balkans lived, as do today's not so healthy diets for most of the Western-populations). This is why I think that making bold and unsubstantiated predictions such as "in 20 years' time we will have reached indefinite lifespans" doesn't really get us anywhere, it only helps confusing us. > It would be terrible in the short run, but it would be vastly better in the long run. Presently, the US is on the unsustainable trajectory of acquiring debt until it defaults. Some of us have been saying this ever since Bear&Stearns went down, in the spring of 2008, that you cannot just prop up an non-solvent bank/country/whatever. At that time all the "bright" economists were saying things like "it's only a liquidity problem, we just need to grease the system with a little more printed money and things will be just fine" (which they finally did, after Lehman's collapse), while now they're saying things like "let's just raise the debt ceiling this one more time to allow the FED to print more money and things will be just fine". Well, if things have turned up to be "just fine" first time around how did we "evolve" from the level of "Wall-Street bank going into default" to "the first military power of the Earth possibly going into default" ? To this question the bright economists don't have any answer, apart from stupid things like "we should have printed more money". > Another HFT programmer here. I once had to make a run-time modification to an algorithm to keep about $100 million from going at a lower price than what the traders wanted. Sometimes market conditions change so fast that the traders demand the ability to make rapid adjustments to the algorithm. They're willing to take the risk. They can't wait for the safe development cycle. Someone should post this next time the issue of "TDD and sudoku-solvers" comes up on HN. > That ratio, in isolation, is totally useless. Yes, because this time is different. > Can you cut the cryptic message and tell me what you're talking about? Yeah, sorry for that, I know it sounded too reddit-like, but in addition to what arethuza was saying bellow I can tell you how I can still remember reading a The Economist 30+ pages special report on the CDS market around 2007. They were saying how that one time all was different,about how the risks were spread among multiple players, how the market fundamentals had changed etc. And then 2008 happened (and yes, I know that technically the CDS market wasn't the one that blew up, but I think everybody now can see how stupid those assumptions were). To sum it up, reading this article on Twitter reminded me of that period, and many like it. You cannot just foul the fundamentals. > I find this rather ridiculous. Most people I know have multiple groups of friends, little cross-over between them, and are happy to share different things about themselves with different groups. That's not that ridiculous. Anecdotical evidence no. 2, neither I nor anyone I know uses groups or lists on FB. And regarding the gulf experience, yesterday I just posted a soccer-related status on my FB wall and I received likes from 2 ladies, one of whom I haven't seen in 15 years and the other just recovering from cancer, either way, I wouldn't have put them in any "interested-in-soccer" list. > I also remember stories from my mom's family of 7 kids growing up poor in Rochester, NY in the post-war era. Perhaps I've inherited an attitude of bite-down and deal with reality from their history. I have not much to add to your excellent comments, I just wanted to give you a heads-up. I grew up in a former Eastern-European country, and my childhood and teenage years were very much marked by the economic collapse of the post-communist years. First, regarding the reducing of military spending by the US, I can still remember reading a very beautiful Soviet propaganda magazine in 1989 (with colored pictures and all) about how happy everyone was that the Soviet Army was getting out of Afghanistan and how about everyone will be happy. Then 1991 happened to them and the Soviets disintegrated under their own weight, in many cases leaving military units stranded in foreign territory because the money had just run out. I don't know what the moral of this story should be, maybe that it is never too early to cut military spending. You (the Americans) should do it now. Second, I have nothing intelligent to say about your health-care system, but regarding Social Security I hope that you, the American people, will find a bunch of decent politicians willing to sacrifice their political careers over this. The reason being that when the money will run out (and at this rate it will definitely run out) no amount of blaming the other party or of accusing the Chinese or the Martians or whatever will make up for the fact that Government-run agencies will have no money to actual do their jobs (and no, inflation, i.e. indefinite printing of money will not help solve this, it will only make it worst). Again, I saw this happening in my country, ~20 years ago, social services going the way of the shitter and basically the entire Government-run infrastructure crumbling on its own weight. It wasn't funny at all. > It's as boring as having a resident Marxist posting the party-line Marxist take on any given economic problem, and has the same sanctimonious tone that claims to have the economy figured out, but without empirical data to back it up. Before making any such broad assumptions please do read some of the Austrians and, why not, even Marx? First of all, like any true Marxist would be first to tell you, there is no "true Marxist". The reason being that people are still in doubt, was Marx preaching for a sudden proletarian revolution (so, no support for the bourgeois economy and social doctrines, and under this light Keynes is as far from Marxism as Adam Smith himself), or for a gradual improvement of the workers' living conditions, followed by a voluntary surrender of power by the bourgeois middle-class to the lumpen-proletariat? Nobody knows. And don't get me started on what socialist believes might have convinced Lenin that the capitalist-looking NEP ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Economic_Policy ) was an acceptable thing in order to support the proletarian revolution. I don't know if anyone mentioned this yet (I haven't read through all the comments), but having the headquarters located somewhere in an interesting area (preferable downtown, and I don't mean the downtown of a dying city like Detroit) and allowing your employees to take their 45min-1h lunch break where-ever they want (in this way taking full advantage of the cafes/restaurants/beautiful buildings supposedly surrounding their work-place) it's also a very nice thing to have. For me, at least, it allows me to clear my head and come back fresh to my desk full of new ideas and joie de vivre . I think what companies like Google end up doing, by keeping their employees locked-up in beautiful golden cages even during launch-breaks is detrimental in the long run. How to kill the President of the United States: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDZ574eh9Yw > Isn't Samsung talking to HP about WebOS for a while now? Really? I honestly do hope that something will come out of this that will relaunch WebOS. > Oh, and just to have a counter example: Switzerland The Swiss are a strange bunch of people. As recent (or as long ago) as 500 years Machiavelli was praising their military spirit compared to the mercantile and money-oriented one of his Florentine fellows. He was predicting that the city of Florence's reliance on mercenaries instead of building a military spirit from the bottom up would finally lead to its submission. He was of course proven right, because while the Swiss have managed to preserve their independence through the centuries Tuscany was soon to fall under external dominance, but it begs the question if we would have been better off with a more militarized Florence but presumably less inclined to works of art (so no Michelangelo or Galleria degli Uffizi), or if it's ok that things happened just the way they did. Also, see Sparta vs. Athens. > I admire programmers who take risks. They aren’t afraid to write dangerous or "crappy" code. I can still remember the advice a guy at least 10 times smarter than me gave me at the start of my programming career: "One of the most important things for a programmer to have is courage". At that time I couldn't fully understand what he really meant, I was thinking that REST vs. SOAP or PHP vs. Java or OO vs. Functional Programming were way more important for a programmer to get right compared to just having "courage". But as I grow older I realize how wrong was I. Unfortunately, reddit has started to hit new and new lows. See this recent highly-voted post for example ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/jvhot/i_found_a_girl_... ), where they're making fun of a poor girl's badly photoshopped photos that she dared to publish on Flickr. I've been on reddit since its very beginnings, back when its being rewritten in Python was causing huge discussions or when programming.reddit was still a sub-domain. I've lived through the 2008 elections stealing the front page from geeky-related articles, or when making fun at digg was actually considered cool (back in 2009 or so). Anyway, I never thought that making fun and hurting actual innocent people would really hit the front-page, I'm ashamed of having supported this website for so long. There are still some pockets of common-sense left, starting with TrueReddit which I think is more like an animal preserve for those who can still remember how cool and exciting reddit used to be. I'll also want to add /r/history to the list of sub-reddits worth following. > The main disadvantage with sortation seems to be that it killed Socrates. I was just reading this morning on the way to work a note made by Voltaire to Montesquieu's "De l'esprit des lois" that the decision in Socrate's trial was in fact a pretty close one, so things were not that bad (he still died, I know). I don't want to turn this into /r/politics, but look what's happening to Bradley Manning. I'm pretty sure that even if he were to be put to trial in front of a civilian court the call won't be as close as in the case of Socrates, for a lot of different reasons which I'm not going into details now. For those interested, here's the count of the votes in Socrates' trial: http://law2.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/socrates/greek... > In the case of Socrates, the jury found Socrates guilty on a relatively close vote of 280 to 220. (Interestingly, if less than 100 jurors voted for guilt, the accusers had to pay a fine to cover trial costs.) > But maybe PC sales help drive enterprise services (as businesses will buy their PCs from HP, then tack on a high-margin service plan, and finally add on some ludicrously profitable consulting jobs). Just anecdotical, but I've seen this happening at least in one case: my wife's employer, a reasonable large European gas&oil company. They first bought HP computers and very expensive printers, and then, obviously, they also signed a consulting contract with HP's local reseller at pretty high rates. > It's easy to forget that there are more praiseworthy goals in the world than having a successful social network when that's what everyone actually praises. I became depressed the day when realized that some of most bright engineers working for one of the most unique companies of our times spent their time and energy and intellectual resources on cloning a social network (google+ vs. FB). And I'm not really claiming that they should save the world or anything, I'm just saying that with the huge amount of data that they have gathered so far and considering the human capital they have available they could start answering a lot of very interesting questions, which gave bugged us as an intelligent species for quite a long time (think linguistics-related issues, for example). > Sorry, but this is bull. If you take any information, even if it's an email and password, data security is either tops on your list or you're abusing your users (even "only a hundred"; one is too many!). There is literally zero middle ground on this: you do it or you shouldn't be building web applications http://blog.moertel.com/articles/2006/12/15/never-store-pass... Needless to say, almost 5 years have passed and they're still around :) their traffic probably a couple of orders of magnitude higher. I was there when it happened, and yes, probably some Russian hacker or whatnot has my password from there, but that's not such a big deal because reddit doesn't know my name, doesn't have my CC number or any details related to my life. Now, were this to happen to a company that has a lot more information available about each and every one of us stored in one central place (think Google or FB), then things could get really nasty. And I'm not talking about stupid mistakes like the one from above, I'm talking about MITM attacks orchestrated by (vicious) Governments, or cyber-warfare, or just plain old NSA not having to bother to collect information from a myriad of places anymore, when they can just go directly to the source. >I did not say you couldn't build web applications if you were a jerkass who was cavalier with the security of his users' data. I said you shouldn't. That would have left us without reddit, I don't know about you, but without it the Internet would have been a lot less interesting. As an European battling a (mild) depression I wouldn't call it a mental illness. The same goes for anxiety attacks or "alcohol dependence" (that's the first time when I see this mentioned as being a disease). It's a very long explanation which I have in my head, but I don't have the mental energy to go through all of it. But parts of it would mention that any such studies that are backed up by "the director of the institute of clinical psychology and psychotherapy" are bound to be skewed on the side of "everybody is mentally ill", Michel Foucault explains it in his books better than I could ever do ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madness_and_Civilization ). Also, I find this emphasis on "everybody should be happy and economically productive" a little bit disconcerting. Being depressed is part of being alive, you cannot just be happy from the minute you were born all the way to your dying moments. Great works (if not the greatest) of literature and of arts in general have been created by depressed people. The feeling itself of eternal, blissfully ignorant happiness makes me more depressed. As far as "being productive all the time at all costs", I won't go into it, it isn't worth it, I just blame it on the poorly misunderstood religion of Taylorism ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frederick_Winslow_Taylor ) > Consistently high-quality food, available that conveniently, is a primal attraction. It also ensures that the employees won't leave the office premises for the lunch break. That could be a good thing (for the employer) or a bad thing (for some of the employees). I'm 30, about to get divorced (for the first time) and move out of the house carrying only a couple of books and a plasma TV, and the startup I've been working for the last 18 months is about to run out of money (that would be my second failed startup that I've worked for in the last 5 years). Do I "quietly despise" my life? Nope. Do I have moments when I think that life is hard as hell and when I'm trying to gather all my forces to make it through the night? Absolutely. I wouldn't be human if I didn't have those moments, I would be just a machine. What makes me go with it? I don't know. Maybe thoughts like "if I'm not going to do this cool and useful project then nobody else would". Or the few people that from time to time tell me "hey man, that's a very cool project you've created, it really helped me". And I'm not talking projects that bring me money, I'm talking about stuff that help other people make better sense of the world we're living in and about our surroundings. Also, by chance I've just recently read Seneca's "On the Shortness of Life" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Brevitate_Vitae_%28Seneca%29 ), it really helped me put things in a different (I'd say better) perspective. Nothing of value to add, just noticing that that taxi customer just paid with his Google wallet and left no tip. How is that even possible? And second, I think Google should have learned better after the Google+ soon-to-become-fiasco that using geeks and other people like us to market their products isn't that much of an appealing offer to "normal"-looking potential clients/customers. > Why desperate? This is a valid way of advertising a product. If my boss were to come to me and tell me "let's draw a big blue arrow over out entire front-page" I would have just laughed in his face. Now I'm afraid it will be harder for me to do that. > That's strikes me as being a bit naïve. Speaking truth to power has always been dangerous. Well, there are a few, outstanding exceptions. I'm thinking of French philosophers of the Enlightenment ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Age_of_Enlightenment ), England in most of the 1600s and 1700s (Swift will probably be in jail for at least 30+ years in in this day and age for writing things like "A Modest Proposal") and probably Athens around Pericles' time or the Roman Republic. But, unfortunately, you're of course correct in the great scheme of things. Nope. Some of us are getting a blue arrow in the upper-left-hand of the screen. > Huh? What previous attempts at species destruction are you referring to? This one, maybe: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_Pests_Campaign ? > There is a lot of money to be made for someone who perfects a machine learning technology to detect shoplifters This whole line looks like having been taken out of a Philip K. Dick novel. You're right, of course, which makes it even more creepy. > Samsung is selling a silly amount of smartphones, their sales growth recently is astonishing. Since tablets are fundamentally the same components with a bigger screen, (and again, those components are by and large made by Samsung) I really wouldn't count them out. I'm also betting on them, I mean, they were the ones (together with LG) who almost took Sony out of the flat-screen TV business (Philips has already left that market) so they know what they're doing. > I think the quality of Youtube comments reflects the quality of the content, more than anything else. So very true. Just last night I spent close to 2 hours reading the YouTube comments on some Romanian "lăutari" music ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L%C4%83utari ) videos, and learning so much by doing so. But if you were to move just slightly to watching a related music style, "manele" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manele ), which are more popular in this day and age, the comments would go way down, at the point where one out of three comments is either racist or a badly spelled swear word. > See the comment above by Joe. There is a certain 'weirdness' about giving voice commands to a device in public, it feels so strange that people don't do it Especially so if you happen to be Scottish and stuck in an elevator: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FFRoYhTJQQ > Death is not good; it is very bad. If given the opportunity to live "forever" (and not age), you'd take it. In a world without death, nobody would think introducing it was a good idea. But because we currently can't do anything about it, we try to tell ourselves it's a good thing. That doesn't explain self-sacrifice. And, honestly, I wouldn't want to live an "eternal" life when everybody I love and know around me would be dead at some point or another. Maybe this is also why I've come to see Christianity's "promise" of eternal life as ridiculous and almost scary at times. As Seneca used to say, it doesn't matter how long you live, it's what you do with your life that matters ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Brevitate_Vitae_%28Seneca%29 ) """ The philosopher brings up many Stoic principles on the nature of time, namely that men waste much of it in meaningless pursuits. According to the essay, nature gives man enough time to do what is really important and the individual must allot it properly. """ And to finish in an even more pathetic tone, I don't think we should strive for living an eternal life, but rather do what Julius Caesar did when he realized that Alexander had already conquered the world by 30: weep, and then try to conquer the world by ourselves. Use paper maps? Funny, I've worked for both British and American startup-owners, and I could certainly relate to both charts (yours, and the OP's). I liked the British style more, but that's maybe I'm also Romanian and as the OP also showed we're kind of used to being negative about all things :) Whom I didn't like at all were the French (I did work for such company for a year or so), but maybe that was caused by my former bosses having graduated from École Normale Supérieure which made them a little, how should I say, arrogant. Nope, not really :) In fact, I'm a pretty big fan of French culture in general (being able to read Balzac or Stendhal in original is certainly a treat for me). About the French work culture in particular, my other "small" complaint is that I think the 35-hour week is not going to work. I went to Perpignan as a tourist in 2007 or so, and I was a little bit surprised that the only "tourism info center" had a 1h-break in the middle of day, with nobody left to answer requests. That's not a French-only problem, though, I saw similar issues in Barcelona or in Greece. A social network that is great but which lacks users... it reminds me of Radio Yerevan jokes :) ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio_Yerevan ) They're fake, just like Instagram is a fake. Also, we should remind ourselves that we live on a planet with limited physical resources. So, assuming that we build something that could exponentially out-smart us, that thing would still need to have access to physical resources for which what is available on this planet might not just be enough. I see it 2 ways: the thing/it/whatever we want to call it either manages to expand from this planet/solar system before it auto-destroys itself, or it just dies off for lack of available resources. > But I think it goes both ways; I'd like to see more hard scientists with a strong background in the liberal arts. Exactly, I actually kind of have a little bit of sympathy for a guy like Oppenheimer that cited John Donne and the Bhagavad Gita after the first nuclear test (even though even the thought of nuclear bombs almost makes me sick to my stomach), but I suspect that today's scientists are not that versed in "liberal arts". It's something that my father-in-law had to go through a couple of years ago (the all "let's take out half of his intestines away"). Ironically, he was later diagnosed as not having had pancreatic cancer, which is good, because he's still alive. But yeah, it's a hell of a surgery, he was on the surgery table for 7 hours straight and after a couple of hours the main surgeon just wanted to give up, but somehow my brother-in-law bribed the lead-nurse and she convinced said surgeon to do his best, which he did (this is Romania, things like these happen). > that suggests bipolar people do better in a "difficult" environment than "regular" people would in the same situation? Maybe there's something about it in here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Depressive_realism#References ? There's a thing I do not understand, nominally speaking French banks' exposure to Greek debt is not that large. I have not a easy link as reference, but I seem to remember reading in some of last week's FT editions that BNP Paribas had the highest exposure, with ~4 billion euros, followed by Societe Generale, with 2 or 3 billion. Of course that to you and me it looks like a lot of money, but the Kerviel case alone cost SG almost 5 billion euro in direct losses (not counting the losses incurred by the case on the share price), so Greece going down (or taking a 50% cut) shouldn't be that much of a tragedy, at least in theory. Now, why then all this panic? It could because of what you said ("spread rumors, accumulate riches"), or because there's a hidden iceberg somewhere in these muddy waters: maybe countries like Italy and France are much closer to collapse than people think. > Our understanding is still very limited, though. And yes, it is kind of ironic that Lamarck is getting a jab in after all this time :) Who knows, maybe next thing we'll find is that the concept of "race" is not only a "social construct"? > A lot people think there is only a fixed amount of wealth around. A lot of people also think that the economy/creation of wealth can only go up, by only focusing on the last 200 years or so of economic history. I call it "blind faith in economic progress", which was fine to believe in around the 1880s or so, but anymore. I don't have "five closest friends". Who am I, then? :) > These two forms of inequality exist in modern America. They are related but different. Over the past few months, attention has shifted almost exclusively to Blue Inequality. It's like we re-discover the conflict between the "small" bourgeoisie and the proletariat every 15-20 years since the July Revolution ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/July_Revolution ) . > On the Xoom, it notifies me if anything happens and my email is a home screen widget - the process seems significantly smoother and faster this way. If I were to have a tablet I think I'd only use it at home, among family members and enjoying my free time. In that case NO email is that important to require immediate action, and for the few, inevitable exceptions (web-server going down, payment system not working etc.) I've instructed my boss to call me on the phone directly. The fun thing is when you have a secure website and for some reason you have to link to a .png or JS hosted on a different, non-secure domain. Last I checked IE was displaying to the user a very ugly security alert message. > to make people pay $233 for his tex That much money for a textbook? Sorry, but I have to say it: WTF does it contain? And pardon me again for my French, but just today I stumbled upon Part One of a 1782 edition of Rousseau's Works in an antique book-store, priced at ~ 40 Euros (ironically enough, it contained this: "Discourse on the Origin and Basis of Inequality Among Men" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discourse_on_the_Origin_and_Bas... ). > Capitalism is the engine that propelled us from riding around on horses to putting a man on the Moon in the span of one man's lifetime. Unfortunately, having your own former employees moving into positions holding political power ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon_Corzine , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Paulson ) is not Capitalism, it's Oligarchy. > At that point, you will very rarely search for information any more. You'll still do so from time-to-time, but ultimately I think people will sit on a platform and just have content after content delivered to them. And already, the newsfeed nature of the web has started down this path. Facebook, Twitter, Reddit, HN - they're all feeds of information, some with primitive filtering methods. Partly related, or maybe not, I just wanted to share a piece of advice my grand-father gave to me regarding "media manipulation". To add some context, he was a small-town mayor in an East-European communist country in the 1960s. He really believed in Communism. Anyway, he told me that I should always "read the newspapers endorsed by the Government/official establishment", this way "I'll always know what's about to really happen, or anyway, what the powers-that-be want to get happen". Strangely enough, it was really good advice. For example I watched this in action during the current Greece debt debacle, with The Economist (an establishment magazine) advising for a haircut on the Greek debt at least one or two months earlier than their CDS spread going through the roof, and at least one year earlier than the haircut actually happening. And other examples are also easy to find. > It only tangentially refers to the main problem, which is that currently Italy (and Greece and Spain) are tied to a single currency, and they do not have a currency of their own to devalue to deal with this crisis. e.g. see Honestly, having your own currency wouldn't help one bit when all the credits you've taken are in an another currency. Look at what happened to Argentina at the end of the '90s, no matter how much they devalued the Peso they still had to eventually default, because the credits they had were not in Peso. I cannot understand why people like Krugman and most of the other economists don't bring up this point when raising issues like "it would all have been fine if the Greeks had stick to using their own currency". There's nothing funny about deciding to end your marriage in a Burger King, in fact, I cannot think of any place where it would be "funny" to do that. This Tweeter-guy or whoever he is should have sticked to minding his own business, or maybe his life is so empty and lacking real-life relationships that he needs to live through other people's eyes and feelings. Now, that is funny. > That means you either move in the suits department There's also the option of avoiding working all-together for companies that employ said "suits". Which, and I thank the Creator of the Universe for that, I managed to do for the last 10 years of my employee history. > Google is getting better and better at extracting every last penny of value from me. That's what monopolies are good at. It means nothing. It's Web 3.0 all over again. > It reads like the person has a drug habbit. I feel sorry for the employees. It sounds more like a con-artist to me. I also feel very sorry for the employees, even though I have my doubts that they take away home any salary at this point. > If I say "Factory" you're probably not thinking Chapter 3 of GOF Honest question, what does this pattern accomplish? I'm asking this because I just saw a bunch of Factory-like classes in some PHP code I was trying to port to Python, and for the life of me I couldn't understand why the original programmer had made it so complicated and convoluted, when he could have done it all in 30 lines of code. And a second question for whoever might have the free time to answer it: does anybody actively use inheritance (or, why not, multiple inheritance) on a daily basis and in the same time do they feel like it helps them? (as in: does the size of their code base gets significantly smaller? does the code fits better in one's head? things like that). > As a practical matter, only a few crazies actually believe that people have no social obligations. It depends. I live in a former Communist country in Eastern Europe, and you'd be surprised of how effective +50 years of communist rule were at destroying any "social feelings" whatsoever. Of course you could say it's a bad thing, but on the other hand the fact that you've lived your entire life with the credo "rely only on yourself and yourself only and trust no-one" is really good in times of crisis like the ones we're going through right now. If you believe FB is out-there trying to conquer and destroy the web then please don't use FB comments on your website. > As an employee of a big consulting firm, I'll second that. How and who you present your ideas to is much more important than the ideas themselves. My wife actually works in procurement for a pretty big European oil company, and she had the "chance" to attend a couple of pitch presentations made by BCG, McKinsey and a few others for a "green energy" thingie. You're right, after all was said and done the company CEO was positively more impressed by the guys who looked and acted better during the presentations, and not necessarily by those who had the better ideas but had presented them more nervously. Also, having the looks (no matter if you're man or female) and height helps a lot. > I'm quite sure you're just trolling but I'm curious to know why you think the first two are leeches but not the third. You're by definition a leech when instead of being allowed to go bankrupt you're feeding on other people's money (so called "Government support"). That's not how banking got started back in the 15th-16th century, I never read of the Genoa bankers for example asking Philip II "hey, why don't you let us rob you of your South America gold?", as far as I know it was the other way round (Philip II screwing the Genoese bankers). But then again, back in the day we didn't have main-stream media Keynes-ian supporters saying things like "if we dont' give our money to support the banks the whole system would come crumbling down". > It will mask sleeping problems, and can increase stress and anxiety which lead to a loss of sleep which leads to more caffeine! It's either: be dependent on caffeine to start the day and help me go through it, or be dependent on alcohol to end a lousy and stressful day. I chose caffeine. > Stanislaw Lem is probably my most favorite sci-fi author. He's very popular in Europe, but not so much in the US it seems. His works are hilariously funny, philosophical and have a certain magic to them. I last read Lem 15 years ago, when I was in high-school, but it had such a huge effect on me that this doodle gave me goose-bumps when it first started, I cannot explain exactly why. > They want to avoid it becoming generic. I don't understand why would they do that, though. > They have every right to do whatever the hell they want, within law, to make their business as successful as possible. If you don't like it, go use DuckDuckGo, or start your own engine. There's a public domain page index available now, have at it. Google has built its business on other people's content, is that simple. But then it started to gradually "steal" more and more of said people work, until it became the giant corporation that you mention. And before people start down-voting me, just imagine a giant like IBM (let's say) building a search engine that steals other people's content (because that's what things like Google Places have become) and then making tons of money on the back of it. Hell will break loose. > Facebook is still mostly "potential". The hope is that they can find a way to monazite their large user-base. There was a chart navigating the interwebes a couple of months ago documenting "time-on-site" for both FB and Google. As far as I remember FB had just managed to topple Google on that criterium, which supposedly made the latter "scared shitless" (to paraphrase a comment I remember reading on that story). Edit: I've found it - http://articles.businessinsider.com/2010-09-09/tech/29987553... > I don't understand how it's related to this particular issue though. Because when it first started I think there was a mutual, non-spoken agreement between web content-owners and Google, sort of "I give you our content for free to use it on your search engine and you bring me back visitors by trying to be impartial in your SERPs; but I don't expect you to compete against me, not now, not ever". That didn't last long, to say the least, but said content owners are now prisoners of Google (yes, it's a big word, but that's the fact). If my personal experience counts, I let Googlebot crawl my website like crazy, at speed rates for which I would certainly ban any other potential search engine bots, and that's because Google brings in 98% of my search engine traffic. And I'm sure I'm not the only one banning strange-looking bots, which could belong to potential new, wonderful search engines, but which at this rate will never see the light of day. And, unfortunately, things like DuckDuckGo are sub-optimal outside of the English sphere of influence, at least that's what I could see in my case. Insert Oceania joke... > One thing I've noticed in the Valley is engineers with super-expensive DSLRs, taking pictures of the most mundane things, mainly birthday parties and pictures of wine glasses. I guess it's like any other hobby, and I guess the belief that the best technology out there will result in the best output, and that's what makes Silicon Valley what it is. It's really a shame that photographers are not out-there on the streets taking photos of places and people that do matter, documenting every day life. For example I bought this photo ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-L3tT3HbZcsU/TeAwqf6XyxI/AAAAAAAAAf... ) for 15 Euros a couple of months ago from an antique bookstore. It was taken in Bucharest in the late 1930s' in front of a night asylum, by Jewish photographer Teddy Brauner (the brother of the better known Victor Brauner), using a normal Kodak camera and probably not thinking too much about aperture or light or any things like that. He just knew to be at the right place and to catch the right moment. I cannot see this kind of work being done by today's photographers in America. I mean, I'm sure that there are people out-there documenting the worst recession in the last 80 years, but judging by what gets promoted on Google+ as being "state of the art photography" it seems like America's problems would be solved by taking photos of nice sunsets and beautiful mountains. There's a great opportunity for us people who like to take photos to help the others around us make sense of what's happening, but it seems we're more interested in technicalities and in kitsch photo-art. (if anyone's interested to learn more about Teddy Brauner, I could only find this NY Times article about his later work: http://www.nytimes.com/2001/10/05/arts/photography-review-an... . He was not allowed to take photos anymore in Bucharest when the right-wing came to power, but he managed to escape to Palestina in 1942 or so). > In … the vast majority of cultures, … drinking is not associated with these undesirable behaviours … Alcohol is just a morally neutral, normal, integral part of ordinary, everyday life – about on a par with, say, coffee or tea. It's not a "cultural" thing or however you want to call it. My father is one of the nicest persons you'll ever meet when he's sober, but when he gets really drunk he becomes aggressive and violent as hell. And I can assure you that he's not doing it because he thinks he's "cool" to be aggressive when drunk, my parents live in the middle of nowhere, social norms are the last thing my dad would care about. > Then think of the miserable yet brilliant nerd languishing in some dank cave of an apartment because he can't figure life out. Forever Alone... As one of those nerds in his early 30s living all alone by himself in a 5x5m studio, what's so wrong with "not figuring life out" and instead only caring about what interests you most? :) Mind you, I used to have a social life until not long ago (when I was still happily married to my soon to be ex-wife), but at some point along the road I read Seneca's "De Brevitate Vitae " ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Brevitate_Vitae_%28Seneca%29 ) and I realized that much of what I was doing at the time was really meaningless and not what I really wanted to spend my time on. And then my wife did me a ton of good and left me :), but it was for the best, cause as Seneca was saying you cannot buy back time wasted on meaningless pursuits (acquiring riches, high political honors etc.). > He's particularly harsh on Taylor's early experiments, which claimed to be scientific but were anything but. I found it recently of how great an influence Taylorism also had on the 1920s' and 1930s' Soviet industry (which, in retrospect, makes perfect sense). From here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_management#Soviet_Un... """ Historian Thomas P. Hughes[23] has detailed the way in which the Soviet Union in the 1920s and 1930s enthusiastically embraced Fordism and Taylorism, importing American experts in both fields as well as American engineering firms to build parts of its new industrial infrastructure. The concepts of the Five Year Plan and the centrally planned economy can be traced directly to the influence of Taylorism on Soviet thinking. Hughes quotes Joseph Stalin: American efficiency is that indomitable force which neither knows nor recognises obstacles; which continues on a task once started until it is finished, even if it is a minor task; and without which serious constructive work is impossible.... The combination of the Russian revolutionary sweep with American efficiency is the essence of Leninism.[24] """ > I appreciated the final words too. I've noticed an increase in the number of people offering advice about how to do things "right", followed by comment streams about why that's wrong, and "right" would be doing things a different way. Yeah, amen for that. I also have at least 3 personal projects to which I dedicate as much time as possible. I don't want nor expect to make any money out of them, and when one of my co-workers asked me why didn't I spend my free-time on freelancing to gain even more money (like he does) I answered that what I was doing made me feel good and that was that :) > I can see how they might think that if they had never been in a position of having it happen to them. If you find yourself doubting this happens, do this: ask ten women you know if they had ever negotiated for something, and what happened when they did. Then draw your own conclusions. I never negotiated for something work-related, and I'm a man, I've been in the workforce for the last 10 years. My wife negotiates all the time, she works in procurement, it is her job. We've recently split, I left with nothing but the laptop on which I'm writing this comment, and she had to keep all the rest. Which brings me to part two, the unspoken elephant in the living-room, the fact that women will always be allowed to "win" the kids in a divorce, no matter how hard men will try to win them. I guess that's just compensation. > I've seen this kind of behavior a lot more often since I began looking for it. When females will start choosing the shy, introvert male individual over the confident, extrovert, win-it-all male than these sort of things won't happen anymore. Otherwise, it's just animal nature to behave in this manner. > I am not saying all the bots are smart, but my mantra since then has been that "if there is value for the bots to be smart, they can get very smart". I was once actually on the other side of the fence as you were, around 5-6 years ago (in a different industry, though). You're right, if there's value to be gained by scrapping other people's pages there's almost always a way round the obstacles. I remember the day when my boss presented me a link to a strange-named FF extension, called Chickenfoot ( http://groups.csail.mit.edu/uid/chickenfoot/faq.html ). It allowed one to very easily write FF extensions that would programatically click on whatever links you wanted to be scrapped, all this from inside the browser, like a normal user would have done. I used to run FF with this extension installed on a dedicated cheap PC, saving the data to our servers, and from time to time automatically restarting FF because the machine was running out of memory. Fun times :) > The engineering issues exist, but cruise ships are a pretty good proof-of-concept. Cruise ships show that we can get stable, luxurious accomodations at a per-day cost that is on par with an expensive hotel (2-3X SF Bay Area daily rent). The only question is the extent to which we can improve on that. I Ctrl-F-ed both the article and the comments and I was sad not to see any reference to Jules Verne's "Propeller Island" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Propeller_Island ) """ It was first published in 1895 as part of the Voyages Extraordinaires. It relates the adventures of a French string quartet in Milliard City, a city on a massive ship in the Pacific Ocean, inhabited entirely by millionaires. """ > Is it just inertia that prevents them from doing this? I don't think it's just inertia, at least not in my case. I know that my example it's just anecdotical, but I'll write it down anyway. I'm in my early '30s, I've been programming in Python for 7 years now (and during the last 6 years I even got paid for the privilege), along with other languages (PHP, JS etc.) The thing is there's only so much that you can learn about the world around you by focusing on only learning programming- or tech-related subjects. Of course that, for example, learning Erlang or Caml are extremely interesting things to do, intellectually speaking, but when I realized that by learning to speak Arabic of Farsi I could potentially be able to interact with and to better understand the culture of tens if not hundreds of millions of people then my interests slightly changed. Of course that it wouldn't help me one bit if I were to tell my potential future interviewer "hey, I learned to speak Farsi so now I can really read Hafiz's poetry the way it's supposed to be read", but as long as that experience enhances my understanding of the world around me it's all for the best. Re-reading what I wrote I realize maybe it doesn't make much sense, anyway, what I wanted to say it's that most of us, programmers, are (really) smart people, it comes a point in one's life when you realize that there are other things in life worth spending your time on. Also, FB would get a lot more users/visits if lots of major enterprises wouldn't block access to it so that their employees could spend more time in SAP and not on FB (it happened at my wife's job, a medium to large European oil company). Hang in there, Avner! I'm also in the middle of a divorce which would have seemed like a very bad joke had someone told me about it 9 months ago, but that's life. I don't have any good advice, I can tell you a couple of things that I'm currently doing that sort of help me go through this pit of despair. First of all, I'm trying to leave my past life behind me, that is I try to connect with my future ex wife and her parents and friends as little as possible, and when I do I do it only for "administrative" reasons (like collecting my books from our apartment and stuff like that). Second, and I don't know if this applies to you, I'm lucky enough to have smart co-workers who kind of understand what I'm going through and they always try to cheer me up. That makes me feel guilty about displaying my depression at work, so that for the duration of the 8-9 hours of daily work I try my best to be a normal human being, reacting to jokes, small chatter during the cigarettes break etc. I don't know if medically speaking this is the best take on the situation, but at least I get to "cheat" on that feeling of emptiness for around a third of the day. Third (even though I think the counting doesn't matter anymore), I've tried to set up some tasks for me to accomplish in the near and medium term. For example for the upcoming holidays I plan to finish one of my personal projects which would be of really valuable help for at least a dozen of people, and during the winter months I plan to put enough money on the side to buy me a VW second-hand van, so that I'll go around the country when summer comes. And last, before this becomes too awkward of an answer, I've given myself "proud-of-myself" points for not opening that wine bottle that has been sitting on the kitchen table for 2 months, since I moved out of my former apartment. Maybe you can find something similar to cheer you up and make you feeling proud of yourself, it doesn't have to be big. Hang in there! > Noam Chomsky quite well articulates what so greatly annoys me in the use of term "marxist". http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4Tq4VE8eHQ > It has hardly any relation to the original context or meaning of the writings of one Karl Marx. Truth be told, Marx himself would probably not be seen as a "marxist". And as a guy who swears by his Hayek and Lord Acton, I wonder how come when someone in the former Western block countries calls you a "marxist" or as a follower of Marx supposedly it is something bad, very bad? > People in executive positions should set behavioral expectations and develop corporate sleep policies (...) It’s important to have a policy limiting scheduled work:ideally to no more than 12 hours a day, and exceptionally to no more than 16 consecutive hours. This sentence seems like having been taken straight out of Marx's "Das Kapital", volume 1. I know this is the Harvard Business Review, a bastion of capitalism if there ever was one, but I gathered that business owners had smarten up a little in the last 150 years. If they don't want to do it for the benefit of their employees, they should do it for the benefit of their family and business friends, because at some point or another some guy like Lenin or Trotsky could come again and ride the wave of discontent and the consequences would not be pretty. > there is no real excuse for having an interview so generic that someone can game it in this manner unless you're so large that you can afford the odd charlatan. I'm also part of a small start-up (as an employee), and I can certainly vouch for that. I for one put a very high emphasis on the personal/professional projects the guy/dudette in front of me has been involved in, on how best s/he can explain them to me, on how passionate the person seems when explaining all this (and no, I'm not talking about the enthusiastic approach that can be easily faked, I just think that when you're a programmer you can feel what the other programmer in front of you is very interested in). Also, this mania a lot of interviewers have with the interviewees "always ticking the right boxes and giving the correct answers" sort of scares me. It's probably because I work in a start-up, but I can assure everyone that at least half of the time we ourselves don't know the answers (assuming that we even know the correct questions), and there are lots of times when we seem to be knowing in what direction we're going but truly speaking we don't. I've just read the girl's story on her blog, and I know I may sound as a rapist-apologist or something, but frankly I don't care: she was just plain stupid by getting drunk in front of all those guys, performing dances wearing a short skirt and "sitting on laps". I didn't say "she asked for it", I'm just saying "she was stupid". Of course that Twitter guy is in all honesty a jerk (as was Bill Clinton or Dominique Strauss-Kahn and lots of other very bright men, intellectually speaking), but if this girl cares about her "safety" and all that she shouldn't play the role of Little Red Riding Hood in the land of horny, drunk and sexual deprived techies. The discussion if already OT :), but anyway, I'll put it more like "me getting ass-drunk at a party and leaving for home on foot through a very bad neighborhood", then I would certainly expect to be assaulted for my wallet. And yes, I do think there's no difference between a bunch of drunk, sexually-deprived "strangers" partying in a hotel-room at 3 AM at a tech-conference and a couple of thugs looking for your wallet. Lots of people assume (like this girl does) that if you've got more of an education then suddenly you're inner instincts (good or bad) suddenly change also, but this is not the truth. > And there have always been people saying we know enough now, or it's getting harder so lets stop now. And some have, and many haven't and that's why we still have progress. I'm not a scientists or anything close to that, but I agree to most of what you sad. What I wanted to add is that there's something extra to be sad about the "let's stop now" part. I'm talking about things like human cloning and, I don't know what its exact name is, "organ harvesting from human clones", let's name it that way. I know that for the most part this is still SF-material, but we're getting there with very big steps, and I think a serious discussion on sensitive subjects like these which would also involve the scientific community must take place rather sooner than later. And before anyone accuses me of being a "religious bigot" or something like that I must tell them that I don't care at all about religion, but I do feel that scientists themselves should stop burying their heads in the "we only do science here"-sandy dunes, and confront the real world. As a guy who lives in a 7x5m studio somewhere in Eastern Europ, in a building like this one http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3152/3082829290_9653703b1e_b.j... , I try and try again to find out why would you need three bathrooms and five bedrooms, but I really cannot think of any reasons. > Their debt to GDP ratio is worse than any of the European countries in crisis and much worse than the US. This is despite having outsourced most of their military to the US. I read somewhere that most of that debt is owed to local companies though (like Japanese banks, mutual funds etc.), not foreigners, so that should provide them with a small safety cushion. One thing that I'm curious about and too lazy to search for right now is to know what happened to the proposed privatization of the Japan Post? Some say that it's the largest holder of personal savings worldwide, it would be really interesting to see how that turns out. > If you're against SOPA, you should be against tyranny like this. This is the tyranny of the minority, of anarchists who aren't doing this for moral value or just cause. This wasn't even done for retaliation or idiot bashing like hbgary. This was done for no reason but to cause harm and mayhem. In normal circumstances I would agree with what you say, any sane person would agree with you actually, but these are not normal circumstances, what with all the TSA crap, the Iraq war that was started based on a huge LIE by the US Government and happily backed by the British, and I could go on and on. At some point, better sooner rather than later, we the citizens of democratic countries should realize that our Governments are not there to rule over us, they have no special privileges, they have been chosen by us just to be mere executors of statutes and laws. They're not there to (tacitly) rewrite the Constitution and take away our rights (see the Guantanamo debacle in the United States), if they start doing that we as citizens have every right in our power to take actions against our fellow citizens who don't respect the fundamental laws of our countries (what most of them call a Constitution). > What they could, and are discussing doing, is defining Hacking as terrorism. I heard this from my own congressman's mouth and that's why this scares me. Because there were a log of Senators and Congressman subscribed to Stratfor and this is exactly the type of incident that might push them to act. I'm not a US citizen and I don't live in the States, even though I am a huge admirer of how your political system was first set up (the Founding Fathers and all that), but all I want to say is that if you, as a citizen, have started to be afraid just at the mere mention of something possibly passing into "terrorism" territory only because one of your elected represantives hinted about that then it means they've already won. English is my mother tongue, but that's what I wanted to say, actually, that we shouldn't be afraid of people tagging random stuff as "terrorism", we should do something about it, otherwise we're just potatoes or vegetables waiting for bad things to happen. I don't know if it's that dangerous. One of my biggest fears is to be stranded somewhere and not having anything to read, and I had this fear way before smart-phones were invented. I can still remember how at 14 I was reading "Ender's Game" in the middle of nowhere where my grand-mother had sent me to graze the cows. From time to time I would just take my eyes out of the book to make sure that the cows hadn't trespassed our neighbor's property, and then I would quickly return to reading. To this day I always carry something to read with me, be it a book, a magazine or something like that. And regarding the author's remark that his grand-grand-father would be horrified to learn in what strange circumstances we do read nowadays, I remember my peasant grand-mother scolding my grand-father for "preferring to read" instead of doing something more productive like feeding the cows. I heard a similar argument between my parents when I was little, with my father being accused of reading too much, and sure enough my (future to be ex)-wife also reproached me for reading too much. > I like seeing racy pictures of girls as much as the next guy, but displays of women like this, especially right next to and in the same format as rental listings, encourages societal ideals that are at the root of most of the gender-related problems in our society Well, it can very easily go both ways. Just in the last week I was asked by 2 different women (rather smart, otherwise) about "how much I earn". I honestly didn't know how to explain to them that at this early point in getting to know someone how much the person in front of you earns has no significance whatsoever. > and, who knows, it might actually be 99% and 99%. It seems like I'm part of the 1%, at least once in my adult life :) I'm working on a personal project that involves placing medieval (East-European-based) villages on a Google Maps mashup. In order to do this I rely on 2 paper road-atlases of my country, one published in 2007 and the other one published in the 1930s (I use the latter because lots of villages had their names changed in the meantime or they had just plain disappeared). At the beginning I did try to rely solely on Google Maps to locate those villages, but there were many cases in which the villages' names were just placed wrong, or they didn't show up at all (not to mention GMaps' latest bug involving diacritics, which makes letters like "ț" or "ș" show up badly on their maps). Also, having a more general, zoomed-out view of the area you're interested in is really, really useful. It gives you a better understanding of the geographical context (are there mountains around? forests? is it a densely populated area?), which I could never reproduce when using digital maps. Maybe this is all caused by the fact that I'm sort of a map freak and I'm not using maps only to get driving directions, my mother actually bought me a World atlas when I was 5 or 6, and I've been in love with maps ever since, but then again, this article seemed to be targeting people like me. A little OT, that 1930s road-atlas I mentioned has a very interesting story: as a result of the Ribbentrop-Molotov pact my country lost part of its territory, which used to be mapped in the atlas I own. After WW2 ended and the "friendly" Soviet Army installed a Communist government in my country, it was not politically safe anymore to have those (now Soviet) provinces as having been part of my country, so a kind person actually used scissors and glue and cut out said provinces from the atlas, by very carefully following the new, Soviet-approved border. It all kind of looks like this: http://imgur.com/n6c9y and http://imgur.com/qvcvM . You cannot get all that from a digital map. > Just curious, what is the mashup you're working on? Putting on the map the villages of Wallachia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wallachia ), a historic Romanian province, by order of when they were first documented in the official archives. The project sits here: http://sate.maglina.ro/ , it's based on Django+Solr (there's a "Filter" menu at the top right), it's in Romanian, of course, but it's more or less self-explanatory. I also created a couple of (I'd say cool :) ) heatmaps based on the data, which you can see here: http://sate.maglina.ro/heatmaps/ , giving a general idea where the early medieval settlements had a greater density. (for the heatmaps I used gheat, of course, http://code.google.com/p/gheat/ , which is a very, very cool project). > I've often wished that Google Maps natively supported a 4th dimension so that changes over time could be recorded. I feel you on that :) But, I'll have to admit, it could turn into a very controversial thing. For example, one of the reasons for which I started this small project of mine is that lots of historians (Hungarians and Romanians, mostly) have debated whether present-day Wallachia was inhabited by Romanians continuously (as the Romanian historians insist that it happened) or if said Romanians emigrated to Wallachia from South of the Danube somewhere around 1100-1200 or later (the Hungarians' view on the whole story). I was hoping that by putting on a map the Wallachian villages by order of them being officially mentioned it could clear up some things, at least for me :) > How about the right to own a printing press? A bit of not so distant nostalgia to consider: in some totalitarian states in 20th century (up to late 70's in one case I am aware of first hand), access to mimeograph machines were restricted. In Ceausescu's Romania in the 1980s if you had a typewriter you had to declare it to the local police, so in order to avoid all the hassle of dealing with the police, or even the Securitate ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Securitate ), you'd just forget about it and carry on with living your daily life, freedom of expression be damned. Also, Romanians were very frustrated by lack of TV air-time, by the end of the 1980s the Romanian national television was only airing 2 hours per day, mostly filled with bullshit propaganda. During the 1989 December revolt lots of people actually complained about that out loud. It would be interesting to see what happens if SOPA (or any related law) actually has a similar effect on Americans' access to the web, will they complain on the streets? > Studios are hopeless, for the reasons you detail. They're just big companies in the end, and they move slowly if at all. The big Hollywood studios should have really died at the end of the '60s-early '70s. But then the likes of Lucas, Spielberg and Coppola came along and they won themselves another few decades. But unless something similar happens in the next couple of years they're going to go the way of the dodo, simply because, artistically speaking, their movies are shit (pardon my French). There's no artistic innovation, there's no connection between what they produce and the audience (I want to see a poignant a movie as Rambo I was, damn it!), they're too scared to "indispose" the political administration, they've just turned themselves into a propaganda machine (and they're no Eisensteins, mind you). And for all those that think "Hollywood is too big to fail!", just think about what happened to Cinecittà or to the Japanese big studios like Toei or Nikkatsu. > I'm not sure if you an immigrant to US, as I am. Fortunately, I'm not :) I still live in Romania. I do work for a small startup who is owned by 3 Americans though, and I don't even bother to tell them how fucked up this all looks, they all know it. Another related and not-so-cool story was when I went to London and when I saw all those surveillance cameras literally invading the whole city. Guys like Ceausescu or Stalin would have given their right arm to have that kind of tech at their disposal, but instead there I was, in the land of the Magna Carta being surveilled and monitored like not even my parents were during the ruling of a communist dictator. It's not even funny anymore. Sorry to say it, but this certainly smells like cargo-cult science. First, I'm not a scientist, and not even a Nobel-prize winner, but for example I cannot understand what question 3) has to do with "science". I did have 2 dates in the past month, but I'm at one of the lowest points of my life, because, guess what? the missing context really matters (I'm about to get divorced). The same goes for question 4) . I chose A, "Yes", assuming it was a good movie worth seeing, but lacking the above-mentioned "context" (is it "Forrest Gump" or "Delta Force IV"?) any answer you give it's just to satisfy the interviewer. And yes, people DO go and see movies that they know they're bad. A little less reading on "behavioral economics" or "animal spirits" and a little more reading of Hume will do everyone a ton of good. """ Say you’re looking for a vacation destination. """ What if I want to search for "beach-side photos" of my friends of the opposite sex, or of my friends' friends? Can Google accurately show relevant results, without me, a poor stalker, having to soullessly click on countless links? That's a billion-dollar industry all in itself. And back to the vacation thingie, no, I don't want "to learn from the experiences your friends have had on their vacations". If anything, I want to have such an unique and unprecented "vacation experience" that said friends would sit in awe when I'll post my photos online, and you can surely bet I'll not just be a copy-cat. This is how "post vacation photos to FB" works, but this coming from Google with their idealistic and deterministic view on how the world goes it doesn't really surprise me. I might be mistaken, but I don't think health-services (other than basic ones) are free of charge in China. The same goes for education. What's definitely very "Chinese" is the segregation between the rural poor and the urban population. They're no Sweden, that's for sure. > Malthusian ideas were wrong when they first emerged, and have not stopped being wrong at any time since then Funny you mentioning Malthus, he reminds me of Hobbes, very few people have actually read their works but they've been demonized and thrown "they're utterly and completely wrong"-phrases at that you begin to wonder "if Malthus is wrong, why is every discussion about world demographics mentioning him in one way or another?" (the same goes for Hobbes, you just have to replace "world demographics" with "politics" and "geometric population growth" with "we're always one step away from (civil) war"). Or maybe I like Malthus just because my dad had bought his "Essay on the Principle of Population" and I read it when I was 16. You put too much into their words, but it's simple, they just don't get it. And it's not just the US Government, or the UK Government, or any other Government, it's the entire ruling class who just sits with its head in the sand and wishes that things would just remain the same. The last two times when that huge of a disconnect happened we had the French Revolution and Lenin's grabbing of power in Russia, let's just hope that this time things will be smoother. > In what way do the authors of this statement "not get it"? The times are changing. I'm not saying "they don't get it" as in "they're stupid, they don't know what they're talking about" (they certainly do, otherwise they wouldn't have received lobby money), I'm just saying that they cannot see that the whole world is changing, or if they do see that, they have the audacity to think that they can do something to stop it. Anyway, as a guy living in Europe this whole SOPA thing reminds me of one of Marx's stories, about a English industrialist in the mid 1800s who had just set foot in Australia and who wanted to mimic the same capitalistic conditions there (children working 16 hours per day etc.) as he had done in native England. But much to his surprise, Australia being a new world with new rules and capitalism not being a universal or Platonic-like truth, he wasn't able to exploit people in Australia as he used to do in England. And about "cynicism", I know I'm probably in the minority, but to my knowledge there's nothing wrong with thinking critically about the world surrounding you and not just thinking that there's some "ideal" to which all those around you would eagerly submit. > People know that Oxford and Cambridge have a social status to defend and maintain Isn't a school supposed to be teaching you things? What's "respecting" a social status got to do with anything school-related whatsoever? And anyway, I wish those Oxford guys had "respected" Giordano Bruno when they had the chance. > But it is productivity, and being in the right markets, and having the right infrastructure of companies in the same types of business that has worked, along with education and many other factors. It's also about Germany's proximity to former Communist countries in Central and Eastern Europe (both geographically and culturally). It helped put the pressure on German workers which otherwise are heavily unionized ("you have to agree to lower wages, otherwise we'll move everything to Poland or Romania") and it also provides German-based factories with cheap assembly parts which for the most part are produced in said countries. Just as an anecdote, my older brother was just hired as a truck-driver, and he just came back from a 4-day trip from Germany (we live in Romania) where he delivered some assembled parts for German car factories. He was paid some 300 Euros for the whole trip, and while I'm too lazy to search for how much a German truck driver would have earned for the same job, I'm pretty sure it would be at least 5 times more. > Another more cynic explanation would be that you are trying to spread some poor-me-I'm-from-an-ex-communist-country-I'm-so-poor propaganda, hopefully that isn't so. I hope I'm not :) Anyway, maybe I was wrong in my multiplication by a certain factor, but you have to keep in mind that my brother (and his co-workers) only make these kind of trips every 2 weeks or so, so assuming he makes an average of 2 and half such trips per month it's around ~800 euro per month. Which is actually a pretty good salary around these parts, only that most likely most of this money is paid in some manner as to avoid taxes (there was a post from some Hungarian guy a couple of weeks ago explaining why that's the only viable solution for a small to medium company around these parts of Europe). And regarding the "disappearance" of job opportunities for Western workers... well, something has got to give, you cannot have a free market for goods without a free market for labor. Meaning you cannot have Ikea stores in those "poor" East-European countries with no import charges attached to its merchandise without giving said East-European workers the chance to improve their lives in Ikea's host country' or Nokia's, or BMW's. Otherwise it's just old, plain economic colonialism, and that's bad. > Or will everyone have so much dirt on everyone else that it just stops to matter anymore, this could in fact lead to a more honest and liberal society. I think we already have that (well, at least at the medium-to-large-company level), it's called company Christmas parties. > Google is only doing what it must to compete in the social search market. But, is there really such a market? I remember reading a blog post from a FB employee (don't have the link at hand) saying that Google over-dramatized FB's willingness to go into search, be it "social search" or whatever. What brings people to FB, and more to the point, what makes them spending hours (literally) each day on that site is not their search feature (which I'd say is not that good) but the fact that everyone and everything has a profile or a page or something (yes, maybe even the stray-dog from around my building's corner that a lot of my neighbors feed regularly - try creating a page for him on Google+). > Apple and Google are in two different businesses. When Apple has a unified ecosystem, they limit what you can install/do right out of the box (they sell hardware that's tightly integrated with their own software). When Google has a unified ecosystem, they collect more information about you through different services. Spot on. For example Google knows my exact porn-searches the moment I make them, either through their search-engine logs or directly through Chrome. Now imagine if it were to surface that Apple somehow logs and sends back to some server in Cupertino all porn-related searches made by MacBook-owners... (I chose "porn" as an example because it's a sensitive topic, I could as well have chosen "drugs", "depression", "cancer cure", "tax evasion" and so on). > Actually, the post doesn't ignore the benefits of cars. It says for example that an SUV is a great option for a family of 6 going to the suburbs. Perhaps you had some other benefits in mind? Those benefits will go the way of the dodo once all the externalities will finally go into gasoline prices, at least in the US. Right now the EU I think does it better, it tries to inhibit owning a car by taxing gasoline prices extensively, while the US has chosen to start and fight apparently useless wars just to keep those gasoline prices under control. And before I get accused of being a conspiracy freak just for stating the obvious, just remember that Japan's forays into SE Asia and Germany's desperate try to put its hands on Caspian Sea oil reserves during WW2 were made because of the exact same reasons: control of natural resources. > Gonna carry the new TV you just bought on the bus with you? I can't imagine doing normal shopping without a car. I'm doing that just fine by using a tramway. And I'm not dead yet :) The good thing is that the hypermarket is only 3 tram stations away, and yes, there's a tram that goes by the hypermarket. Not to mention the 8AM-to-10PM grocery story that is open just outside my building, in case I need something very quick. That's what urbanization is all about. American suburbs don't fall into that category, they're more like Roman rural villas that will find a quick and painful death once the Barbarians "invade" (a stupid metaphor for when gasoline prices in the US will finally reach their normal levels). And I carried my 43' plasma using a taxi, I agree. I paid the taxi driver 15 bucks (in my country's money), and he even helped me carry it to my building's front-door. > The sort of developers who only come in because you're paying 200k rather than 150k are usually not the sort Google wants to hire. A listed-company with a market capitalization of USD 100+ billion cannot count only on its employees' passion anymore. If it pretends like it's doing so is disingenuous. > Or willfully having inadequate safeguards for profit. In the early 2000s Steve Ballmer himself visited my (rather unimportant) East-European country and had a one-on-one with the then PM about the software-procurement decisions the Government was about to take. Soon enough it was decided that all Government-run institutions in the country should be fitted with Windows-run computers, using only Microsoft software. A lot of my compatriots' tax money (and my own money) went directly into MS' coffers (when it could have find a better use in other, more important places), but I can see that 10 years from that moment some of it is invested in trying to cure malaria. Well, at least we weren't robbed for nothing. > Experiments going back to the 1980s with teaching children how to program using Lego blocks and robots with Logo seem to indicate that nearly everyone can learn how to program, but possibly not when they’re 18 or 19 and possibly not with the kind of academic environment represented by the test. I only learned how to program at around age 20 or 21, but at that point I had already been a CS student for 2 years, and of course had failed most of the actual programming-related classes (even though I had earned a A+ in calculus, with congratulations from the professor). I am now a professional programmer, I'm in my early 30s, and as such I'll quickly write down my thoughts on this, maybe it helps someone make some sense of it. Now, about the particular example in the article, I can still remember the first programming class during my first semester at Uni. I can still remember about how baffled I was when seeing almost the exact same code as in the above article, I was wondering to myself: "assignment works left to right, is the only natural way, what do you mean now "a has the value of b"? You first write down a, the 'equal' sign, and then b, it's only normal that b, coming at the end, takes the value of a". And so on. Someone also mentioned the "competitive" nature of a CS-class, which is 100% spot-on. I had never owned a computer during high-school, while some of the my then-colleagues had been programming for 10 years already, and because of that I was afraid to ask questions or even to ask for help from my colleagues. And in case you're wondering how did I finally became a programmer, well, it was thanks to Python. At first I started writing some ugly scripts in PHP, but after 6 months I stumbled upon Python. I don't know exactly why, but it's something about this language that makes it very easy for non-programmers to grasp programming language concepts. After one year of doing Python I finally had the balls to try and take my most difficult programming class again. I got an A (the class was taught using the C programming language), with the professor surprised about how had I managed to do that. We did very fine, thank you, before Nolan's "Dark Knight" or Cameron's "Avatar" hit the screens, and I'm saying this as a movie freak. In fact, I'd say that the only difference between Melies' movies (which he did as an independent producer back in the day) and "Avatar" is only a technological one, not an artistic one. So I guess "I want to kill the President of the United States of America" is still illegal, isn't it? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEQOvyGbBtY One reason for which I don't like Google anymore is that they broke their primary promise, which they were emphasizing more and more around 2004-2005 (if I remember correctly): to make most of the world's information easily accessible and shareable, and, why not?, trying to make a difference in this world. In my ideal world the Wikileaks info would have lived in a Google sub-domain, climate change discussions would have been based on open charts and data which would have been also hosted by Google (with available info going back since the first meteorological observations were made), mashups about Iraq and Afghanistan wars with geo-located user-uploaded photos could have lived at maps.google.com/war and so on and so on. I know that what I was dreaming about doesn't add any stock-market value or anything (and in the worst case scenario it gets you straight into jail), but that's at least what I call "changing the world, trying to make it a better place", like guys such as Diderot or d'Alembert did three centuries ago. > We should not expect people who have been shot to make jokes or to be happy. We should expect them to save their energy for recovering from their wounds. The trick is that there are times when getting shot at is the norm, not the exception, so "healing wounds" or however you might want to call it is not the best decision to take (not even from an utilitarian point of view). Ok, so now that I know that I suck at metaphors and to put it more directly, all I want to say it's that maybe the last 50-80 years of relative prosperity that the West has experienced were an exception, not the norm, the same as Pax Augusta around the times of the early Roman Empire and Seneca was also an exception of sorts. So, as a guy who grew up in a post-Communist European country in the '90s, with inflation averaging 100% each year for over a decade, and who has seen his parents go from respectable middle class to subsistence agriculture in the same timeframe (and my story is not at all singular in that part of Europe), you cannot just magically hope that things will get better. In most of the cases they go from bad to worse, and in that case you really have to adapt to the new conditions (like making jokes when being shot at), because it doesn't get any better than that. > As has often been noted, the black bourgeoisie take a very positive stand toward middle-class values and are very critical of average Negroes. Frazier has written, "they have accepted unconditionally the values of the white bourgeois world: its morals and its canons of respectability, its standards of beauty and consumption. In fact, they have tended to overemphasize their conformity to white ideals." 2 They have strongly internalized middle-class values emphasizing self-control, deferred gratification, achievement, extreme cleanliness and rigid moral standards. Never thought that an Eddie Murphy sketch would be close to on-topic on HN, but here it is anyway (I think his story refers to the late '60s-early '70s): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gsbk_lwioxY > I am really glad that eastern European people are so vigilant about censorship and government control. And for good reasons. I'm Romanian myself, but I think I speak for a lot of other East-Europeans when I'm saying that all this censorship non-sense brings back awful things from the past. I was only 9 when the Communist regime fell, but I can still remember about how my parents or any other adults could have gone to jail only for listening to Radio Free Europe. As long as people who remember those times are still alive and active stupid stuff like ACTA will hopefully not pass. I don't downvote stuff on HN (I think you're just my third or fourth downvote), but I had to do it because you're factually wrong, and spreading misconceptions. I'll just give you my country's example, Romania. Our biggest company, Petrom (it's an oil company) has been privatized just before our entry into the EU. Its new owner? The Austrians from OMV, which has the Austrian Government as its main shareholder. Also, there are only 2 or 3 Romanian banks, which I don't think that control more than 10% of the market taken together, the rest of the banking sector is controlled by foreign-owned banks (some of them also having their Governments as major shareholders). And I could go on and on. > "Yeah, my phone number is 81984324894" IMHO, I haven't heard anyone telling/writing down their actual phone number for quite a long time, what I see happening a lot it's stuff like "you want my phone number? sure, let me give you a short call so that you can save it in your's phone's address book" (with the option "you want my Vodafone or Orange number"? I haven't actually never seen anyone changing their SIM cards, people just prefer to own 2 or more phones if it best suits their needs. Phones are getting damn cheep, at least in Eastern Europe). > Why would you sign an NDA for a job interview? Because they're Google. I know that's tautological, but I remember a blog post from some time ago about a guy complaining that all his friends that had been hired by Google had suddenly stopped chit-chatting about technical issues that they encountered at their workplace. They stopped doing that during the usual "at-a-drink-complaining-about-our-daily-job-ordeals" sessions, or on their blog, or anywhere else that might be publicly shared (and, why not? , maybe help other people learn from their (Google's) mistakes). The guy even compared Google with a "vortex", if I remember correctly. > Hedging against the apocalypse is a silly reason to own "gold." In the last 100 years alone there were at least 2 such "apocalyptic" events: the Russian revolution and the communists' grab of power in China. Granted, there were a couple of lucky stock-owners that didn't see their holdings going to zero ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_International_Group#Hi... ), but generally speaking it would have been much better for a "White" Russian to be carrying gold or jewelry on his way to Paris in the 1920s than to carry worthless Tsarist stocks. Never been into these kind of conferences anyway, but as an attendee why the heck would I care if John, or Jessica or whoever is married (happily or not)? That whole remark was just superfluous. A quick shot from the protest that took place in Bucharest: http://imgur.com/Eu5zX , at -10 degrees Celsius and under a rather unpleasant snowing. Around 2,000 people took part. I couldn't resist there for more than one hour, but at least I took part :) > Also I believe the dead space problem will take care of itself as demand for space increases. You're quite never sure of that. Just yesterday evening I was walking down on a street in my city (East-European capital) whose 19th-century buildings were raised to the ground around 25 years ago. There are still un-developed patches of land on that street, which, needless to say, make it look deserted and desolate even though it's only a 5-minute walk from the Prime-Minister's office building. Great book! That's actually the book that got me interested in the recent history of my city, which suffered major changes (most say for the worst) that seem to have been taken up from the book's chapters on mdoernist urban development. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ceau%C5%9Fima ) Did they do the same thing for the word "nigger"? > Good luck developing anything mission critical with a team of low paid googlers. IMHO, that's another dark-secret of this trade, most of us don't develop "mission critical" services. By "mission critical" I understand something like "if this code breaks then someone dies or huge sums of money are lost etc.". > One day even people in our profession might come to actually have some self-respect for what we do I totally agree with you that "software development is hard", but not because someone happens not to know what methods a standard library class implements (every few days I give almost god-like thanks to the developer that decided to implement the dir() function in Python), but because ~35 years after "The Mythical Man-Month" was first published we repeat at least half of the mistakes presented in there. > I find your claims are unsubstantiated and would require some evidence to be convincing. It's been 3+ years since Python 3.0 has been released, and, while I agree that there's no "substantiated evidence" for its demise, some of us who witnessed the whole Zope2 to Zope3 "transition" know that in the end "evidence" doesn't count at all. What count are actual smart people, lots of them preferably, building cool and useful things with the new tool. > I get tired of the fanboistic comments in a lot of these threads. There is a big, strategic, complex, technology game going on and, apparently, a bunch of smart hackers think phones are like simple breakfast cereals (and even those aren't simple). I also upvoted you, even though I don't think you're quite correct. I personally don't believe that "hackers (...) think that phones are like simple breakfast cereals". Not that I'm a "hacker" or anything, but most of us HN-ers know how difficult is to "make things just work". Apple does that, ie "making things just work". And, trust me, I'm not an Apple fanboy. I use a Windows 7 machine for development at work, all my websites are hosted on Ubuntu, and the only Apple products I own are my laptop and my phone. I know it's only anecdotal, but until yesterday I was the very happy owner of an iPhone 3 (not even 3GS). Everything had been working just fine for the last 2 years, apart from a slightly decreased battery-life and Facebook's native app suddenly not working anymore, which was the moment when I realized that maybe it was time for an upgrade. What did I do then? I went straight into the store and bought an iPhone 4, because that way I knew for a fact that for the next 2-3 years I would have no problems in using my phone. I have no such guarantee from Android phones, even though most of them are similarly priced. > I'm at the point where I wonder if I'm on a watch list. At this point "they" have already won. It doesn't really matter who "they" is, but I can tell you that having grown up as a kid in a former East-European communist country the feeling that every sane person had on their back of their heads was: "The Securitate is watching me. Better not do anything fancy" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Securitate ) . Even though, of course, the Securitate was only actively "watching" a small number of persons. > our next door neighbor is just gone one day, replaced with another family. Nobody asks why or what happened. You just don't ask. These sorts of things were happening in the Stalinist "dark" '50s, that's for sure, but when I grew up, in the '80s, the regime had become a little bit more "civilized". I think it was mostly because Ceausescu had signed the Helsinki Accords ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helsinki_Accords ) and in general because he wanted to detach Romania from Moscow's grip. The regime wasn't technically allowed, so to speak, to imprison people for political reasons, so this is why the authorities were resorting to either fake psychiatric assessments or to made up petty theft charges in order to take away "inconvenient" people. Anyway, it's a very long and complicated story, 20 years after the facts even us, Romanians, don't have a single view on the whole thing (surprisingly enough, there's a quite big percentage of the population who'd rather relive those times than having to deal with the realities of the present). > All I did was make a joke about you needing to be in the kitchen! I'm a fellow programmer, and a guy (if it matters), but whenever I hear this exact comment (luckily for me I didn't hear it from any of my present or past co-workers, only distant acquaintances) I almost literally start to boil. Are some of us men really, I mean really that stupid?! Again, luckily for me most of my career as a programmer has been spent in small non-software specific firms (5 to 20 people) where the female to male ratio was in most cases higher than 50%, so that I didn't have to hear this misogynistic and stupid crap. I had to double-check it wasn't an April Fools' joke. And then I realized it was for real, that this is a software company we're talking company, presumably employing "educated" and "smart" people. "Background checks", "Facebook stalking" etc etc, this is as close to living in a totalitarian and dystopian world as we can get. > "you have a girlfriend" Why would anyone ask that in an interview totally beats me. > A majority of non-techy types I know bought smart phones because they "do facebook". There is a deeply symbiotic relationship there, and woe is the mobile maker that couldn't provide a Facebook app. I finally decided to upgrade my iPhone 3 a couple of months ago when the Facebook app stopped working for some obscure reason and I couldn't update the app anymore. I'm a programmer, but probably not a "techie". Also, I think it's kind of wrong to continue making this distinction between "real life" and "FB-life" or "internet-life", as in "real life friends" (which are ok) versus "Facebook friends" (which presumably are just a "lie" or "fake"). > It was by far the item I loved most in my flat (even before my computer). I left a marriage and a fully furnished house behind me, but my old couch is one of the things I regret the most, it was just perfect :) That, and the dish-washer, someone should write a poem or build a statue for the person who invented/perfected this wonderful piece of machinery. Just yesterday I took the same photo with the latest Nokia Lumia and an iPhone 4. Let's just say that Lumia's photo-camera performance was very sub-par compared to the iPhone, which was launched more than one year ago. > Germany’s strong exports are being bought by all European countries which some argue is the cause of the rest of Europe’s unemployment and fiscal problems. Us in the USA like to think it is because of bloated entitlement programs, which very well could be the major cause or a contributing factor, but it is at least plausible that the absolute real cause is Germany’s strong industrial position combined with their ability to export to the rest of Europe. I seem to remember reading an article around 2007 or so (anyway, before the shit started hitting the fan) about how the German employees' real wages had been practically stagnant in the previous decade, and about how the employers' association had basically told the unions that "it's either you keep your wage demands in check or the jobs will move to Eastern Europe". It seems to have had worked, if only for the fact that the German consumers weren't as easy going with their money. You have "contacts" on LinkedIn, on FB everybody refers to people that you are connected to as "friends". That's because languages do evolve, and yes, FB is now part of almost everyone's life, either directly or indirectly, so it's no wonder that it influences the way we speak I'm not a specialist on this topic (i.e. I'm only a programmer, not a computer scientist), but I don't seem to remember any links posted to relevant such studies in any of the "static vs. dynamic typing" flame wars. Also, a little bit OT, I've been a professional programmer for 7 years now (i.e. getting paid to write code) and to this day I'm not sure 100% what's the difference between "0", "NULL", "None" or an empty string. What type does "None" belong to? Can I compare it to the integer 0? Stupid and honest question, but why would this be a meme? On a personal level I very much dislike Google Plus because they did spam me at least a couple of times with emails like "hey, X and Y and Z did that on Google+ last week (things totally unrelated to me) you should check it out!". If that's not desperation than I don't know how else could it be called. > I haven't left philosophy because everyone in it is stupid, as this article seems to suggest. I left philosophy because after all my reading, note-taking, class-discussioning, and debate tournamenting, I never felt like I'd made any progress, and that mattered to me personally. At the end of the day, the questions that were hard to answer were still unsolved, and the gray ethical areas were still gray. This is why I don't do philosophy, and I why I found the science bug. I get your point, but for all intents and purposes that's one of the things that makes philosophy great, i.e. the fact that Heraclitus's sayings are as actual today as they were 2,500 years ago. You'll also have to agree that deciding once and for all (or "proving" by scientific means) what makes as taking "moral" decisions, or if "morals" even exist at all, or what makes us not kill each other once we've stopped believing in gods etc., is better left "unresolved", because this "philosophical quest" is what makes us humans. > Philosophy-savvy scientists may even deny doing so, but their day-to-day conversation and casual remarks tell another story. Most scientists definitely believe there is a single absolute unshifting reality below it all and they are outlining it. I find that actually quite sad. From a man who actually died for his "scientific" convictions ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Giordano_Bruno#On_the_Infinite_... ): > It is then unnecessary to investigate whether there be beyond the heaven Space, Void or Time. For there is a single general space, a single vast immensity which we may freely call Void; in it are innumerable globes like this one on which we live and grow. This space we declare to be infinite, since neither reason, convenience, possibility, sense-perception nor nature assign to it a limit. In it are an infinity of worlds of the same kind as our own. I think we can easily extrapolate an "infinity of worlds" to an "infinity of Universes/realities", or at least we can think about extrapolating, that's what philosophy was the first to do. Actually, I think Giordano Bruno would be seen as a lunatic by most of today's scientists, which I find it even more sad. > they should tax externalities (i.e. pollution) Because that is a really difficult problem to solve. It's easier to tax CO2 emissions, but how do you tax nuclear waste? And by how much? > We lose analogies for human thoughts when languages die Exactly. For all it's worth, once I started reading John le Carré or Raymond Chandler novels in original English (I'm a native Romanian speaker) I could never go back to reading them in translation, not that the translations were bad, they weren't, but the texts just didn't have the same feeling. And when you start reading (and partially comprehending) poetry written in a foreign language is a whole different ball-game. > I can't believe people are still publicly posting stuff about their bosses. It's a free world. People should be allowed to say whatever they want on whatever medium they want (as long as it's not hate-speech etc.) > Now some of the post-9/11 measures I don't have a problem with. I see no issue with fingerprinting those entering the United States. Just out of curiosity, why is that? If it matters, I live in Eastern Europe (and grew up under an oppressive regime as a kid), and I had this same discussion (about the US fingerprinting innocent people) with some of my friends way back in 2007. At the time I thought this was crazy, I still do. > That if you choose to ignore all the scientific and industrial advances and their effect on the environment. We've had a negative effect on the environment even since we've decided to not be just herders anymore, many thousands of years ago. Just as a couple of examples, the Eastern parts of Syria and Southern Turkey (which are now in an almost desert-like condition) were a lot more greener, Sicily and present day northern Libya were Rome's breadbasket, while continental Europe was covered almost entirely by forests until the Middle Ages. Totally agree with you, but looking at the comments above it seems like we've been imprisoned for so long in this glorious cave called the World Wide Web that we've forgot how we could have transformed the real outside world. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allegory_of_the_Cave ) > but do you think that perhaps there could be any other reason, just any at all, that people don't see it your way? Of course that I'm aware of that, I'm not that self-centered :) > Once you've started explaining away why people disagree you with that kind of rhetoric, it's really hard to learn anything from them. English is not my primary language, so I'm not 100% sure I understand what you're saying, but in case you're suggesting that I'm full of what will turn out to be empty rhetoric then of course that you have the right to your opinion. Anyway, I find it crazy that a guy like me (I think I'm in HN's bottom bracket when it comes to programming- or CS-ability) somehow sort of "defends" a guy like Alan Kay. I'm only doing it for the energy, the passion, the whatever-you-want-to-call-it that always gets to me when I'm reading Alan Kay's interviews. I agree it's something subjective. I was also going to make a similar comment, along the lines of "OMG, this is Steampunk porn!" or something, so that I don't think it's sad :) On a more serious note, those images also reminded me of Hayao Miyazaki's work ( http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/encyclopedia/people.php?id=5... ) > Autonomous cars are the next big tech that changes the world - I put them up there with computer, Internet, and smart phone. I wouldn't be so sure. Yeah, it might prove to be a very good thing for the United States, but for the rest of world there's first Europe's public transport networks (I'm 31, don't have a driver's license, I live in Europe, I'm doing perfectly fine, thank you), and short of us reaching the Singularity I honestly don't see any of these cars driving in the crazy traffic of Cairo, Istanbul, or any other metropolis from the rest of Asia or Africa. > that makes IDEs simpler and more accurate in code navigation and refactoring IMHO, that's one the OP's main arguments, that for example there is a whole class of (liberal?!) people to which IDEs don't matter at all, so that someone (a conservative?!) arguing "hey, this static typing thingie makes IDEs more easy to use" doesn't matter. So it makes sense to at least know on which side of the fence each of us sits, so that we won't argue as much :) (just to be clear, I'm trying to use the concepts "liberal" and "conservative" as they're defined in the article) I wouldn't want to work for an entity that implements "decision processes", I'd much rather work for a (small) company that takes decisions. It's that simple. Also, even though I'm already in my early 30s the word "career" scares me. I'd rather build things > the authors of frameworks and libraries still on Python 2 and without having concrete upgrade plans will have to either do something soon or others will take their space. Do you know of anything new on PIL ( http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/ ) ? Or any similar library that might replace it for Python 3? > But it's not OK to let people abuse you. If you don't respect yourself nobody will. Plus, it was a one-day interview. I've been in job-interviews like this one, where mid-way through the whole thing I was realizing that I would not be a good fit for them, but in my case I could afford to be patient because the interview wasn't going to last more than a couple of hours anyway. But a one-day thingie where for at least 6 hours I would be reminded of me not being worthy for the guys trying to hire me would utterly depress me. I'm scared shitless of depression (pardon my French), so I'd just run away. And a second thing. Once you get through more things in life which a 20-something man hasn't confronted yet (divorce, leaving your parents behind etc.) you begin to value honest no-bullshit decisions like this one. There's no gain in playing actors. > I freaking hate the Google maps app on iPhone - I don't have any need for a map app on a mobile device unless it has turn-by-turn voice navigation along with re-routing capabilities Really now? As another anecdotal point, I freaking love it, and I'm saying this as a an almost-Apple-fanboy. I'm a pedestrian living in an Eastern European city of 2-million people, and I've used the maps app countless times. Not that I wouldn't know my city (I've actually implemented 2 or 3 or map-related projects focused on the city I live in, just as a hobby), but because it is impossible to remember how exactly to locate the street bearing the name of an obscure 19-century music composer that just happens to be the address of a restaurant you're interested in. Or how when I got lost in the center of Athens, as a tourist, around Omonia Square ("I don't need a paper map, I can manage" I was saying to myself as I was leaving my hotel room), I heavily relied on the said map and on the kindness on strangers who had shared their home wifi networks to make my way around to Exarcheia. Maybe we shouldn't be so scared about dying and instead try to make the most out of our (supposedely short) lives. After all, a guy like Alexander the Great was only in his early 30s when he had already conquered half of the known-world (yes, this is a Euro-centrist view) > Most chronic illnesses reduce both. Alcoholism reduces both Guys like Hafiz and Hemingway were both alcoholics by today's standards, and thank God for that and for their creativity > All of society actually ultimatly depends on violence as the mode of enforcing order. It's funny how for the last 400 years or so all men and women who have been speaking and writing about politics and about how the world should be run in general have been trying to hide Hobbes and his ideas under a very thick rug. But his ideas keep creeping back in. Maybe because he was right? > the buzzword-laden "content". People who use "embrace" for more than 2 times in the first 4-5 slides should be sent to shoveling coal. The same goes for "value proposition". > Note: this is me trying to stay dispassionate and non-angry. If I was the author of this piece I'd be incandescent. Props to him for staying calm and documenting this stuff rather than simply walking out. Or exploding I couldn't even make it to the end, I think I just managed to read 80% of the whole piece, I'm pretty, pretty f.ing mad, and I've never even been to the States. A little OT: And while we're on this, I guess this is a moment as good as any to get it off my chest, that is to say that nasty s.it like this happens not only in the States, but here in (Eastern) Europe, too. I work in a small company, I'm IT, and around last week or so one of my (female, white) colleagues just out of the blue proffered somth. like "I'd kill all the gipsies, they're not human". I (white male, early 30s) at first tried to take it easy, made a little fun of her, to see if she was serious (she was), and then 10-15 minutes later I confronted her directly. The part that did it for me, at which even now, when I'm remembering the whole thing, makes me angry, it's the "they're not human" part. She is a really nice person otherwise, happily married, no children yet, but yet she said that nasty phrase as the most natural thing ever. > I wonder how many people downloading torrents understand that there is a real-time tracking service logging all their downloads? So what are the downsides? Will we get sued or sent to jail? I'd rather risk that than being afraid. > I find myself wondering how adaptation is even possible. I've been doing this job for 7 years now, and I've wondering along these lines a lot more lately, because I honestly do like what I'm doing and I plan do it for another 7-10-20 years. My current best answer is "don't take anything personal". Yes, the latest bug will always be something that would risk taking us all one step closer to Armageddon, or so the clients/non-IT-colleagues would like to make us programmers think, but whenever I'm put into this position ("the world is crushing! do something!") I try to chill it down before taking action. Also, there are always, always harder things in life than being a programmer, I try to remind me of this whenever I can. Just this summer I went out to help my grandma' pick up plumes during a weekend. A peasant, she's in her mid 80s now, she hasn't had a day of "vacation" or "paid holiday" since she married grandpa', 60+ years ago. One of her biggest regrets that she's experiencing right now is that she hasn't the physical strength anymore to work as much as she did for each day of her adult life. > The minute that crude oil loses its relevance to the Western world, the Arabs will just go back to what they were before - a bunch of desert nomads with no real power. Just as a general rule of thumb: not all Arabs are Muslims and not all Muslims are Arabs. I was hoping for the same thing. The Minoans are fascinating, I started reading about them sometime this summer just before my summer vacation to the Cyclades. Particularly I think that their art has a certain feeling or touch that has not been reproduced since then. > such as over-reliance on fixed fortifications. Which "fixed fortifications" would those be? If you're talking about the Allies' final attack on Germany of late 1944-early 1945, then I'd say by that time Hitler had already lost the war. The two most crucial moments I can think about are the battle of Stalingrad which did not allow the German Army to lay its hands on the Caucasus and its oil resources, and then the battle of Kursk, which had nothing to do with WW1 tactics. And to copy-paste Clausewitz's name in here (the article makes a passing reference to him when it talks about "Franks fundamentally misunderstood generalship, which at its topmost levels must link military action to political results"), I'd say Hitler's final chances were political in nature, more exactly I'm talking about his tries to intervene between Churchill and the US on the one hand and the USSR on the other, trying to convince the first bunch about the perils of letting the Soviets be on the victorious side. The Tehran Conference put an end to that. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tehran_Conference ) > I am ignorant to how much they would matter in real life. I am neither queer nor gender-queer, so while I am empathetic to their struggles, I just can't identify with what are possibly very real concerns about losses of anonymity, and as I've met people who are public with their genderqueer status who haven't been assailed or assaulted, I can't help but wonder if the fear isn't simply perceived fear or not. I live in an Eastern-European country, which also happens to be an EU-member. One of my (female) colleagues told me how two or tree years ago she happened to see a trans-gendered person (I don't know what's the politically correct term) who had just been beaten up during that year's GayFest. "Blood was pouring out of his/her wounds", was what my colleague told us. That's why I down-votted you, btw, which I only do once every 2-3 months on HN. Not because I don't agree with you, which should not be reasons for down-votting people anyway, but because you kind of choose to view things through very narrow lenses, which is what the article was writing about all the way. > If both Petraeus and Broadwell had used GMail accounts not associated with their names, such Dave501010@gmail.com and PaulSmith900@gmail.com, how likely is it that anyone would discover their shenanigans? I'd argue that every security agency worth its salt is also keeping a close watch on its bosses (especially on its bosses) so that let's say if Petraeus had logged in with joe.doe@gmail.com his communications being intercepted someone would have noticed. As a non-American, I'm not exactly sure what's for example the relation between the NSA and CIA, but I guess it's somehow telling that the whole thing seems to have been driven by the FBI > On a day-to-day basis, what's the difference between "influencing and guiding it" vs. "pushing it"? I'm not the parent of this thread, but I'll try to give my side of the story. The thing is that you cannot control absolutely everything. When you think you have it all, there's suddenly divorce/nasty break-up (as it also happened to me), disease, loss of loved ones, a once in a century economic crisis while you're stuck somewhere in the middle of no-where etc. I'm not arguing for fatalism :), on the contrary, but I think that if one has this on the back of his/her mind (s)he'll be a stronger person. > Writing Python like Java, where you have tons of indirection, which is slow I've actually just introduced one of my younger colleagues (and pretty new to Python, but knowledgeable in C# and Java) to this 8-year old article: http://dirtsimple.org/2004/12/python-is-not-java.html I remember reading that article back in the day, I had only begun to do stuff in Python for a year or so, and everything seemed so well explained but here I am now instead still spreading the word :) At least some part of it I hope it's done for good, such as "XML is not the answer", which actually brings back "horrific" memories of Zope3. > I don't have a TV, and all of my friends who do rarely use theirs. Added together, I'd say I watch about an hour a fortnight of TV material. And that's mostly on my phone or computer's screen. For watching sports TV is still the best option out-there. For the rest, I think you're spot on, I know it's anecdotical but I haven't watched a movie on TV for more than one year, and "entertainment" TV shows I avoid completely. > This is why we should protect poor people This is paternalistic, and worse yet, it doesn't work, i.e. rich people "protecting" poor people. What indeed does work is a free market (and that includes a free jobs' market), meaning free access of all (rich and poor) to the benefits of exchanging goods and improving one's life. What the European Union (and to a lesser extent the USA) does now when it comes to Africa is border-line criminal, what if with Europe's protectionist policies when it comes to its agriculture and its immigrant policy. Imagine if those 2 million kids that get saved by the Gates Foundation instead of being forced to remain in conflict-prone Northern Nigeria or Kenya or Uganda were given the chance to come and work , legally, in Europe. Or what if they'd really have a chance to sell their agricultural goods on the same European market without having to fight countless protectionist measures designed to protect the raising of cows in the French Alps. (if it matters, I live on the fringes of said European Union, and in my youth I used to live with under $1USD per day for at least a couple of years) > "Climate has always changed." Not to rain on anyone's parade, but that's what my Geography teacher taught me and my class ~20 years ago (the general discussion was related to the Quaternary, Jurassic and all that), when I was in 6th or 7th grade, long before all this Climate Change talk. If it matters, he was very passionate about Geology in particular (my teacher was). It's not all about politics and religion. > Get over yourself. I have a deadline and more important stuff to do right now, but seeing your answer and presuming (possibly wrong) that the parent has gone through some sort of "depression", I have to say that these "get over yourself" and "it's all in your head"-type of answers are mightily infuriating. They don't solve anything, they make it worse. Otherwise, yes, this is a "first world problem". > I'm still confused about this whole thing. What did he do that he needed to resign for? I'm not an American and I don't live in the States, but from what I can tell a bigger f*ck-up was that Mrs. Broadwell gained access to Petraeus's personal email account. God only knows (or in this case the FBI) what was in there, but I suspect it was not only about baseball newsletters and photos with Petraeus's nephews and kids. This coming from the man that heads the CIA is a major no-no, IMHO. As a guy at 32 I realized that there's not enough time to read crappy books. So I've since started reading only stuff that makes me understand the world around me a little more, step by step, either by reading a Philip K. Dick Novel or going through Locke's "Treatises of Government". I've discovered that trying to making more and more sense of the world around you gives you a sense of fulfillment. > Some cited the boredom of stay-at-home momism. Many complained of partners who didn't shoulder their share of child care responsibilities. I don't have kids yet, but when and if that will happen I'll try to make sure that the mother of my kids won't ruin her career and her sense of self-worth by becoming a stay-at-home-mother. That's how I grew up, with both my parents having full-time jobs, if it was good enough for me as a kid seeing my parents happy and all I hope it will be good enough for my children. This is a magazine article (quite well-written, IMHO), it's not a scientific paper. So in that respect of course it has to make some generalizations, which in this case I think they're mostly correct. > I have a strong association of a desire to have children with good times. Plenty. Safety. Relief. An aversion to children is a sign of bad times. Turmoil. War. This reminded me of the story of my ex-wife's grand-mother who around 1942 or so went very closed to the WW2 Easter front lines dressed up as a man (that's what the legend says, anyway) to meet her husband, my wife's grand-father, who was serving in the Romanian Army. Nine months later, July 1943, their first kid was born, my ex-father-in-law. ~60 years later my ex-wife was trying to explain to me that we shouldn't have kids because times "are to unstable, we don't have enough money etc". So there's that ... A little OT, my ex-wife's grand-father was quite a man, he got wounded 3 times on the Eastern front, and even though he had been raised in a traditional, Romanian peasant family he said that he couldn't believe in God anymore after what he had seen in there. After the war he returned to Romania and because he used to be an elementary-school teacher before WW2 and had experience with kids he was in charge with running a foster-home where he took care of orphaned children for a while, until things around the country settled down a bit. Those kids still looked at him as a father-like figure well into them growing up as adults and becoming grand-parents themselves, a bunch of them were present at his funeral 65 years after he had taken care of them. So there's that again :) > I was an employee at Vicinity Corp (the first provider of Yahoo Maps back in the olden days) I don't know if by "olden days" you mean 2005-2006 or so, but I can tell you that at that time Yahoo Maps was the only serious competitor for Google Maps. It had actually better data than Google for many big cities outside of the US. For example only in the last 6 months or so did I see that GMaps actually had geo-data for my city's neighborhoods (their "boundaries" etc.), a thing that was available in Yahoo Maps back in those days. Plus, the Yahoo data was quite open, unlike the walled garden that is Google Maps. > Even if people don't become rich or successful, they still feel better about themselves. That's the thing, this line of thinking has come to equate "being successful" with "being rich/having material wealth". The fact is we cannot all be rich, because "being rich" it's relative (a "poor" American is "rich" compared to someone from Laos, for example), so what should we do? I know of some countries that have created a "happiness index", in place of the GDP-based index, but I don't think that's the best solution, just a realization that things are probably not on the right track. For example, my personal solution is to base my views when it comes to "life success" on the views of Seneca (who was a very rich guy, incidentally), whose views have also been borrowed by early Christianity, if I'm not mistaken. > they still need to have the budget for their operations supplied from somewhere. http://www.fbi.gov/news/testimony/fbi-budget-request-for-fis... . - it appears as if the FBI's budget is just as rigidly controlled as any other governmental organisation I'm not an American, but I guess rules can be mended and solutions found in a country where 1.1 trillion USD can just "vanish" ( http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/news/729997/posts ). Also, I've commented on the NSA probably intercepting on the people in command immediately after the Petraus affair hit the media ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4767644 ), but I had hopes that they would stop at those people. Someone in the comments reprimanded me for viewing things in a CSI-like manner (CSI the TV show), but it was not that, just the natural reflexes of a former kid who has grown in Eastern Europe with Securitate ruling and surveying everything in sight. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Securitate ) Thanks for your post, it literally gave me goosebumps. > Ordered society will succumb to chaos and nothing will be done. There will be no roads for you to travel, no places for you to tour, no joy for you to find. I'm a guy in his early 30s, recently separated, living in a rented studio, with only a laptop, a few books and a plasma TV (for watching sports from time to time). That's it, but I don't care, as long as I can earn my living, earning a salary, getting me through life. Yes, I'm happy because I can afford paying bills with money earned through my work (I still hate the bills per se, though :) ). My model is my peasant grand-mother, now almost aged 85, who has worked for each day of her adult life (she got married at 17). She only once went on a trip/tourism thingie to the mountains that she can see from her backyard. She hated the whole thing :) because that meant that while she was on the trip with my grand-father work would not get done back at home. When I last spoke with her she was upset that her body was feeling more and more weak, and that prevented her from working (feeding the cows, doing stuff around the home etc.). Personally, I think Google should just "declare victory" and move to other more important things. They certainly do have have the people for that (the important things), but I feel they're wasting a huge amount of resources on this without much gain (if any). > Those are people who really meant to go to plus.google.com I actually did that at least a couple of times last month by mistake, the G+ link is very close to the Inbox/Home link in GMail's web app. I cursed and hit the back button in a matter of seconds each and every time. > if you really want something but social inertia is against you, you have to be a trendmaker/leader and force your friends to follow you against their will. Honest question, why would anyone "want" to move from FB into G+ so much so as to be a "leader" and having to convince his/her friends into following? This pretty much sounds like a cult. > Food, drugs, and sex are basic human drives. And then there's coffee, which exceeds them all :) Chrome also starting crashing 30-or-so minutes ago, on a OS X 10.8.1, Chrome version 23.0.1271.95. I just had my Facebook account open in that window, but it continued crashing by itself after 5 minutes. GMail doesn't work , too, from neither FF nor Chrome, it does though from my iPhone (different web provider, I wonder if that counts). Down for me too in Romania/Bucharest. > Yes this is totally my attitude that eventually we need a socialist system. In a true socialist system the robots will eventually fail (like all machinery) and the spare-parts will either be broken themselves out of the factory, will get stolen, or the service-repair people will not be motivated enough to do a proper job. Source: the guys that actually built the Sputnik at one moment in time (and other great technology), and then failed miserably. > The aim of the TIA initiative was essentially to create a kind of ubiquitous pre-crime surveillance regime monitoring public and private databases. I Ctrl+F-ed for Philip K. Dick's name, didn't find anything, I'll be the first one to copy-paste this: > Paradoxes and alternate realities are created by the precognition of crimes when the chief of police intercepts a precognition that he is about to murder a man he has never met. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Minority_Report ) > governments are immortal and can print their own money The part with governments being "immortal" is actually incorrect. The fact is that for example UK paper money is just that, colored paper, when it comes to paying up debts taken in foreign currency. A couple of failed States come to mind as examples, like Germany in the early 1920s and Argentina in the late 1990s. > Just remember this list is not based on meritocracy, most/all these people will have publicists and/or their startups will have "good" PR firm representation Yeah, somehow even I, a guy who has never been to the Staets, could figure that out only by reading the "Arts" section. Almost all of the people there were New-York-based or from around the area, it's like 2010s New York it's like Paris from 1920s full of bright artists and what have you, which I get the impression it's not true. Too bad for the arts, a pretty sweet deal for people making money out of it. He just wrote down his impressions, nothing wrong with that. Or we can turn this into a YT-circlejerk. > government is corrupt Until any contrary evidence, all Government is corrupt by definition (and yes, I call lobby-led politics "corruption"). In a true and free market "finance" is not corrupt, if you can't pay your debts you're out of it, this has been true since this industry was first invented by the Italians around the 1300-1400s. In this latest crisis the problem was that the financial market was mostly led by Government-mandated decisions, starting with the Bear Stearns rescue in early 2008. Where do I start? Hobbes or Machiavelli? More to the point, I do not believe that people/humans are "good by definition", there needs to be a higher thing that regulates our behavior so that we will not do harm to each other. Hobbes believed in the "Leviathan", there are other people that believe that the magical "assembly" of some of their representatives (a "central" Government, if you will) would make the latter more responsible and less eager to look for their own good and prosperity, and then there are people like me who believe that the free market is one of the best tools in solving the inherent conflicts between humans. Like they say, money has no smell. Anyway, it's a very long discussion :) In replying to @jeremyarussell bellow, because somehow my comment is being down-voted to oblivion and I cannot reply directly: What can I say? To each his own. I did not say that you, jeremyarussell, or any specific person taken "per se" needs a higher thingie to stop him/her from committing any crimes, it's just that for example the 20th century has been marked by some of the most heinous crimes in our existence as a species while in the same time only a small percentage of our fellow humans are psychopathic or sociopaths or however else you want to call those who commit crimes for pleasure only. Somehow, to make up for the difference (in the "people killed vs. natural-born-killers" ratio), I believe that we have somehow to look deeper into ourselves. Also pls. see this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banality_of_evil . And now that I'm reminded of Hannah Arrendt and the crimes of the 20th century, and for once to make a documented reference to Godwin's law on the internets (and to give people real reasons for down-votes), there's this little photo right here ( http://imgur.com/PfM0e ) of the Tiraspol ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiraspol ) train-station taken during WW2 by a German soldier. I paid around 0.50 euro-cents for the photo in an antiques shop (I live in Eastern Europe), around with other photos taken by the same soldier on the top of Eiffel Tower in occupied Paris or on the shores of the Aegean in Thessaloniki. Now, those train tracks that you see in the photo at first don't signify anything by themselves, what with the peasant women waiting patiently for the next train or what-have-you. But if you happen to know (like for example I do) that tens of thousands (if not hundreds of thousands) of Romanian Jews (Romania being the country where I grew up and currently live in) were carried in trains to their final destination to close-by Transnistria ( http://isurvived.org/Transnistria.html ) then you begin to see things differently. It took my country's Government close to 60 years to finally starting to acknowledge that we actually did exterminate people in Transnistria. Up until not that long ago there still was a statue of Ion Antonescu ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ion_Antonescu ), the guy who ruled this country when all these, let's say really bad things happened, in a church's front-yard a couple of metro stations from where I'm now writing this comment. In fact, if I were to take the tramway to work tomorrow instead of the metro I would pass right by the said church (no statue of him now), which Antonescu actually helped build (the church, that is). Do you honestly think that church-building Ion Antonescu thought of himself as being a bad person? And this is one of the many reasons why I think Governments do not deserve our trust. Sorry for the long rant, now I can go to sleep :) > And on top of that I'm claiming that the singularity will never happen You'll get a lot of negative replies about this, after all HN is very pro-Singularity or however you want to call it, but my gut feeling is that you're right. I can see Moore's law being applied successfully for the next 100 years in one form or another (more processing cores, quantum computing finally taking off etc.), enough for us to reach a state where we could say "Mission accomplished" and let the machines do our job, but I cannot imagine, not even in the remotest of ways, how AI humor would sound like, meaning how would the machines make jokes. In fact, that would be my "personal" Turing-test for deciding that the Singularity has truly arrived: can the machines understand and perpetuate humor? I live in Romania, and just 40 miles away from me there's an entire different country, Bulgaria, with its rivers , whole mountain ranges, TV channels, folk tales and a different alphabet than ours. We have been each other neighbors for around 1,000 years, give or take, and yet I can only understand at most 5 words of the Bulgarian language and when it comes to "shared culture" I can only relate to some Bulgarian animation that I used to watch as a 5-year old a long time ago. Now, on the entrepreneurial side of the story, I work for a Romanian startup who seriously considered expanding in the regional market (Hungary, Poland, Bulgaria). Now, Polish and Bulgarian are both Slavic languages but use different alphabets, so we would have had to hire different local people in both countries (with all the different laws, accounting and the likes), while with Hungarian (a Finno-Ugric language) we could have hired someone from my city, Bucharest, thx to the local Hungarian minority. We finally stopped the non-sense and decided to focus on a single huge market, the United States. > and economists like Krugman and Mankiw who weigh in vociferously do so as politicians, not economists. You could say that "economics has become the continuation of politics by other means" :) Anyway, just to add to your points to which I mostly agree, it kind of baffles me that economists that hold key positions do not say it out loud that they don't know what they're doing anymore. I mean running the world economy on close to 0% Central Bank rates for almost 3 years now it's like operating your computer on Safe Mode for doing critical "launch a rocket to the Moon" missions (I work as IT, in case it wasn't obvious by now :)). They won't, they care about having a job to go back to come Monday. > It's anti-competitive practices from MS. I down-voted you because in this particular case this is not true, I'd say the opposite happens. > For the same reason the government gave AIG $187 billion, the banks would have figured out how to craft a deal such that to the public it appeared that AIG was a viable financial entity. Around the same time US Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson was begging people on his knees for the rescue of Wall Street ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2008/sep/27/wallstreet.us... ) and no-one generally had any idea if the Western financial system as it was right then had much to live. I say that AIG depending on (private) third parties for its rescue would have meant certain bankruptcy. I'm an average human being, but sometimes failure is just the act of looking in the mirror. And then I feel that if I can go over that (overcome that deep level of failure) than maybe I can genuinely do great things. > "I want stuff without having to pay for it" I don't want to rationalize stuff, but I've just finished reading Locke's "Two Treatises on Government", one of the guys that started all this "the only true freedom is the protection of property"-thingie, and I just want to add that irrespective of the fact that one might agree or not with Locke's views you have to take into consideration that it has not always been like this (i.e. private property being "sacred" etc). In fact, Locke starts by arguing against people (Filmer and others) who were saying something of the like that the monarchs of the time had an irrevocable right to rule (and presumably to own everything under the skies), handed down (the right to rule) to them from generation to generation since Adam (the Genesis Adam). To say nothing of the 20th century madness that afflicted almost half of the known world, I'm talking about the Marxist/Leninist views on property. What I want to say is that what constitutes "property", "to own stuff" etc. has not always been "set in stone" as a "moral" thingie (whatever definition of "moral" you want to come up with). So people for whom piracy is "immoral" are taking a very short view of the whole thing, and possibly also deluding themselves into thinking that what is "moral" is almost by definition "immortal" and forever. They should take a more pragmatic view. I remember reading Stanislaw Lem's "The Cyberiad" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Cyberiad ) as an adolescent in the early '90s, and a particular story stuck to me, that of a robot which was hungry for information, to the point that he/it literally gets drowned in all the paper that he can't stop reading because he wants to get more and more data, endlessly. > There are a lot of people there (fewer now) who don't belong there, but others I'd have to try hard not to murder, myself. That's what makes (made?!) America so great in the eyes of many (myself included) that have never set foot in there, i.e. the concept that anyone deserves a fair trial, based on actual evidence, and that you wouldn't be f.cked up by the judicial system during the whole process (perdon my French). That's what happened in Aaron's case, he was f.cked up by the system, at least that's how I see the initial threat of spending 35 (or was it 50?) years in prison for something that didn't involve murdering young kids and raping them after the deed. A judicial system that depends on threats (doesn't matter if they're implicit or not) gets dangerously close to pure dictatorship. > for instance—but my faith in their judgment is gone. That's the reason I almost never read their leaders. I also tried to forgive them for the financial derivatives-special issue they had around 2007 or so, just before the shit started hitting the fan, but they were at least trying to counter-balance that with regular (small) articles in the financial section about the housing boom. Otherwise their world-news reporting I think it's the best out-there. From the article: > HER: “I don’t want to eat here.” > ME: “What? I thought you said…” > HER: “I never said I wanted KFC.” I'm a divorced guy, and my ex-wife sure did have her faults (like, cheating), like I did have mine, but I thank the gods of marriage and divorce that she never pulled that kind of stuff on me. I find this kind of stuff very disingenuous, it's like the weight of the whole relationship falls on only one person. False positives always suck, and for good reason. The thing is that it's not that easy to get it right, no matter how good the algorithms or the data-sets are. Just in the last two days I've had gmail decide to tag as spam two messages received from different people, with whom it is true I had not communicated before via email, but whose messages had nothing spammy about them and were of great interest to me. And now I'm left wondering if a email that I sent to a third person a week or so ago wasn't tagged as spam as well. That person has not responded yet, and I'm reverse-engineering in my head if maybe me including two links to Imdb in the said email could have been enough to tag it as spam, or if I finally decide to follow up with a second email and probably making a fool of myself would it be wise to in include the word "spam" in the message, as in "Hey, did you happen to check your Spam folder?" Like I said, false positives are a bitch, for both users and developers > I think David Foster Wallace gives the most accurate comparison I've read I first bought a David Foster Wallace book last spring, I was on a lunch break, had entered a book-store, when I read on one of his books' back-covers that it had been written by a brilliant guy who had committed suicide. I wasn't thinking about suicide back then, I think I never did, I was just going through depression and I wanted to genuinely see what made people more depressed than me go the whole way. Suffice is to say that I was feeling like I knew the guy when reading his words, especially when he wrote about depression, like I seem to know and be familiar with all the people who describe what depression feels like. And to go back to Jeff Atwood's piece, until you haven't experienced depression you cannot really understand what goes through a person's mind in moments like those, and even less so are you entitled to "accuse" the said person for "calling it quits" or whatever. Like I said, I never thought about suicide, but even in my mild depression I sort of could see the black light at the end of the tunnel and people who used to be like me not that long ago just giving it up and deciding to let go. > Exactly the same thing is happening in the movie industry. And I personally hate it. I remember a time when "blockbusters" included stuff like Total Recall, Die Hard, Terminator II or Aliens, I just want that again. There's still the casual Sucker Punch or Watchmen, but they're too few and far between. I highly recommend Jan Gehl's "Life Between Buildings", which even though was written at the beginning of the '70s is still very relevant today. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan_Gehl#Influence ) > Gehl's book Public Spaces, Public Life describes how such incremental improvements have transformed Copenhagen from a car-dominated city to a pedestrian-oriented city over 40 years. Copenhagen's Strøget carfree zone, the longest pedestrian shopping area in Europe,[2] is primarily the result of Gehl's work. In fact, Gehl often uses the phrase "copenhagenize" to describe his vision of how urban centres can embrace bicycle culture and urban cycling. Just go for it, trust me. I'm writing this from a nice Belgian restaurant where I'm all by myself, they serve nice Belgian food and excellent Belgian beer, and on top of that I've been eating out mostly by myself for the last one year and a half, and I've never felt more at ease when eating out. The thing is that I've never felt comfortable when eating out with acquainteces, for one thing because I'm very slow eater so I'd always left lots of food on my table, and second because I've never been at ease with talking when your mouth is full with food. Plus you cannot made dirty jokes when someone's eating :) As things are like I know, myself eating alone and at ease,I've discovered that I really do enjoy good food and a nice drink (I was almost indifferent to it before) and that I'm not that keen on making compromises anymore when it comes to eating out, because the decision where and when to eat depends only on me. And I've also become a lot more confident when talking to complete strangers, this coming from an introvert guy. And on top of that, people watching and listening is extraordinary! > There's really a lot of hyperbole in these discussions. Not really. Just the other day I was asked for the second time in two months by YouTube if I wanted to use my real name. I almost did accept it, by mistake, after pressing 2 or 3 buttons that had "Yes, I do want to use my real name" pre-highlighted by default. Don't get me wrong, I think Google builds a lot of other great (that's an understatement) products, YouTube being just one of them. But in the case of G+ they should have declared it "mission accomplished" and move on to other more interesting stuff. And yes, outside of Silicon Valley and a couple of other tech-related areas G+ is a ghost-town. > I suspect that G+ would be orders of magnitudes lower than Facebook Ignoring Facebook here, this chart should give them food for thought: https://www.google.com/trends/explore?hl=en#q=instagram%2C%2... > So far as I'm aware, the Gates Foundation does nothing in regard to the world's biggest problem, which is aging I'd say aging and, yes, death are two related things that have helped us evolve from organic Carbon molecules to a species that is thinking of colonizing other planets in the Solar system. And I also do believe that if "we" as a species (or an evolved species based on our own) ever are to go beyond our Solar System we would only do that if we let this process of evolution continue. To say nothing of the fact that you cannot have a non-dying and increasing in numbers species such as ours without resorting to eugenics. Eugenics is bad. I was thinking more along these lines: http://www.nature.com/scitable/topicpage/evolutionary-adapta... . And that is just about the last ~10,000 years (give or take a few thousands). > With time, we might devolve to the point where we completely depend on modern medicine to survive and reproduce. That's a possibility, of course. Then you have to wonder what happens if the social structures crumble or change dramatically and you do not have access to modern medicine anymore? > But I also know that there are people who use Facebook in a way that strengthens, augments and reinforces real-life relationships. My mother, who lives in the countryside, no Internet, late 50s, first saw her 2-year old niece when I showed her the photos my cousin had posted on Facebook. She was amazed and happy at the same time. So yes, while for some Facebook may look like this juggernaut that tries to destroy everything on its path, for others is just a way to experience some emotions that otherwise wouldn't be possible. > Before then, you'd talk to people face-to-face, (or using smoke signals) so I'd imagine if we looked through some newspapers when telephones first came in, we'd probably see this exact same post. That's the exact same point I was trying to make to one of my colleagues when she saying that relying on Facebook to communicate with your friends is a mistake, while phone conversations are the way to go. I was telling her that my grandma was looking at a telephone as the work of the devil, not that she was religious or anything, just that the unexpected ringing of it would stop any hardworking people from doing their job so that it would only be a waste of time and resources. My friend wasn't convinced, she was asking me "but how could your grand-mother live without a telephone?". > Your love of building things makes you great. I'm a Computer Science dropout myself, but I do work with a couple of people that graduated Ivy League schools (one of these schools is even mentioned in the article). What I did find out is that no matter what school you graduated or no matter what your credentials are, if you're always driven by curiosity ("hey, how does this work?") and always eager to actually build stuff that other people use than the differences easily fade out. > English is the working language for most developers all over the world, but not every culture is overly sensitive to swearing. I'm not an American, but it's interesting to see how strongly people from the States react to swearing. I know that for every 10 guys thinking that the usage of the word "fuck" is unprofessional there is at least one George Carlin ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsZwRirDOYQ ), Lenny Bruce or Bill Gates ( http://philip.greenspun.com/bg/ ), it just seems that this "puritanical" point of view has gotten stronger and stronger lately. I'd be curious about the underlying reasons. There's also this, "How To Be Alone": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7X7sZzSXYs . It did help me a couple of times. > And yes, casual, face to face communication is an important dynamic, even for tech workers. I guess this is even more important for small companies of up to 20 people where there is no exact "you have to do exactly this and this and this and then you're clear"-thingie. I gained lots of insights regarding customers or how we should better build things in our tech dept. just by having daily casual water-cooler chit-chats with the couple of people we employ in the sales department. It's very, very difficult to emulate using modern technology. > Only to find out it's about some obscure 19 century tech with a similar name. Maybe my irony sensor is low this Monday morning, no coffee yet, but trains are sexy as hell. And speaking about trains and snow, there this French comic book called "Transperceneige" that is about to be put to film by a South-Korean director: https://www.google.ro/search?q=Transperceneige&hl=en&... > but the paternalistic management nonsense. Just a couple of days ago I barely managed not to answer to one of my superiors' emails with something along the lines of "hey, let's quit with this paternalistic BS, it doesn't really matter who's saying what around the office or at what hour people come in at the office, it only matters if we're doing our job properly which means bringing more money in compared to what goes out". I then remembered than I'm not a manager, but only a programmer, and that I shouldn't worry about this sort of stuff. As a "Planet of the Apes" fan myself this sounds like a very cool idea, honestly > But please don't extrapolate your humble experience to the entire industry and don't tell people working on large complicated (real) projects how they must write code, because they have some experience you don't have. Don't take this the wrong way, I mostly agree with your points regarding the missing "professional culture" among us programmers, just yesterday I sent an email out to our internal list urging my coworkers not to use one-letter variables anymore and explaining to them why that is bad, but when it comes to web projects somehow not being "real" programming I'm afraid you're wrong. It is true, some momentum was lost when the "open-data" mantra that was flying in the air around 2004-2005 gave way to today's walled gardens and one-page AJAXy apps, but there are still interesting things happening on the web. Nice find, it actually works for me too. > Both Iraq wars were fought and won with maneuver warfare. They were won from a tactical perspective, but I'd say that strategically the second one was lost (while the first one was not such a clear-cut victory either, with Saddam still clinging to his post). Yes, I know that the US had their "mission accomplished", but true war is never that, is only "the continuation of politics by other means". True war has nothing to do with video games (with the probable exception of "Eve Online") > We're "catching up," not "innovating" on the battlefield today. That's the big lesson here. I've lately come to the conclusion that modern warfare came into being because of Napoleon's genius and his wars of the early 1800s. He was way ahead of his time, and you could sense this by how "surprised" at his tactics were the guys confronting him from the other side (the Prussians, Austrians etc). For what it's worth, I think that WW1 which took place 100 years later was still an "old world" war. What I'm trying to come at is that even Napoleon had to face a huge "insurgency" war in Spain (those insurgents will by today's standards be called "terrorists"). Even Napoleon couldn't "win" that war, I doubt it that in today's US military there are smarter heads when it comes to war. And then you'll be labeled as being a "terrorist". I wish I was kidding but I'm afraid that's where the US is heading. > And the first time they avoid taking responsibility for something that was clearly their fault, fire them. I guess there's still difficult for a lot of people to acknowledge their own mistakes, maybe because they're afraid of getting fired for that (acknowledging the mistake), which in the case of startups/small companies happens very rarely. From my own experience of working at startups for my entire professional career as a programmer (7 and a half years) I can tell you that the first step when noticing you f.cked something up is to take immediate responsibility and then asking yourself "how can I/we fix this?" (you might need the help of other people to fix your mistake). After you've fixed the issue the question should be "how can we make so that this doesn't happen again?". That being solved I'd say nobody cares anymore whose fault was it to begin with, there's always other more important stuff to do. I agree that maybe at larger companies this kind of thing might happen exactly the opposite way, i.e. you can get fired for making a mistake and nobody really cares to fix other people's stuff, because their next paycheck/financial well-being does not depend on that (or so they think). > Companies have lost as much as a billion dollars in ip in a single night. I guess the Chinese should know a thing or two about failing to keep ownership of "intellectual property" and the dangers associated on relying only on IP alone. I took this from here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silk_Road#Roman_Empire : > Byzantine historian Procopius stated that two Christian monks eventually uncovered the way of how silk was made. From this revelation spies were sent to steal the silkworm eggs, resulting in silk production in the Mediterranean.[18] > As it becomes possible to do more with less, the chances of fundamentalists and other malicious parties using biological agents for terrorism or worse go up. I just thinking the other day, once home-made drones become capable enough of carrying loads of up to 5kg then what would stop such a potential malicious "non-state actor" of using such a drone fully-loaded with chemical nasty stuff to bypass all the obsolete ground-security system at a big open-air event (say, the Super-Bowl or any other sports event attended by 70,000+ people) and cause harm to most of all those present? > The initial reaction to portable headphones was probably similar. To be honest headphones are still seen as an utilitarian thing only. My bad, English is not my primary language and for whatever reason I was thinking of phones' bluetooth headsets. You're right :) Also, I probably need more coffee. When I first read Isaac Asimov's "The Naked Sun" as a kid in the early '90s I was thinking "hey, this is really only science fiction, we will never be like that". With the passing of years it seems that we get closer and closer to what I was actually thinking was only fiction. This is the story: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Naked_Sun#Plot_introductio... > The planet has a rigidly controlled population of twenty thousand, and robots outnumber humans ten thousand to one. People are strictly taught from birth to despise personal contact. They live on huge estates, either alone or with their spouse only. Communication is done via holographic telepresence (called viewing, as opposed to in-person seeing). It is likely that the society is based on that in E. M. Forster's 1909 short story "The Machine Stops". Of course, the irony is that I had forgotten the exact name of the story and I had to use Google and a very fuzzy search to find it. And Google actually found it. > As a street shooter myself, I've observed that most people's reactions to being photographed is somewhere between ambivalent and happy I never take photos on people on the streets, I'm only interested in taking photos of buildings in my city. Even so, I've been verbally assaulted because of that at least 3 times (apparently it's ok to threaten some skinny dude with beating him up and swearing on his mother if you see him taking photos of dilapidated buildings with his phone). Yes, I do not live in Silicon Valley nor in any similar cocoon-like area as those advertised in Google's presentation videos, I live in an Eastern European capital city of 2.5 million people, but hey, we're not that big of a market anyway. > So be careful when you say "[reading these books will give you] more intellectual freedom afterwards than any PhD graduate." That's simply not true. You do have a point, but the way I see true "intellectual freedom" (lolcraft may have meant somth similar) is that let's say you spend your late 20s-early 30s slaving away at a post-doc only to have a chance to access a "petaflop supercomputer" and then you suddenly decide that you actually are really interested in classical Persian poetry and you'd like to devote some time to learning Persian, only to realize you do not have time for that because hey, somebody needs to write those papers for the grant money to come in and your chances for tenure to remain intact. Replace "Persian poetry" with the study of Mathematical logic, the reading of the pre-Socratics or trying to make sense of the early-medieval migration patterns, as things stand right now both the people following PhDs and those too immersed in industry are not "intellectual free" because they have no time for these sorts of intellectual pursuits. We do need to find that middle-ground between extreme-science and industry again, we do need universal people like Leonardo and Democritus back. > Sounds also like there is some grudging that you have to commute... Not the OP, but what I can say from my own experience is that people who work remotely are indeed seen by their co-workers as being "privileged" or "above the rest" etc. This might very well be an exaggeration, but the affect on morale and team-spirit is certainly there, especially during bad times. To put it another way, let's say you just got into the office after a dreadful one-hour commute (by car, metro, doesn't really matter, we all experienced them), ready to drink your coffee when suddenly the server is down, or a crazy client is yelling on the phone at your sales-people who in turn yell at you, the IT dept. etc. What do you do then? You first curse the whole world for not allowing you to drink your morning coffee in peace and then proceed to quickly fix what needs fixing, you don't have time for opening bugs in the issue-tracker or skype-ing the guy who is tele-commuting and trying to explain to him what the hell just happened (by this point your boss might as well be asking passive-aggressively "do you know why this happened?", he's asking you who are on site not the guy who's tele-commuting). And so on and so forth, you just reason inside your head that none of this would have happened if you had had the same "privileges" as the guy who's tele-commuting. > That's the startup mindset, and it's one that has become ever more accepted in the US but is still frowned upon elsewhere. I'd say the Chinese are pretty famous for innovation, granted, when they invented the stuff that has now become ubiquitous (gun-powder, paper, printing) they didn't do it using startups, which I think only shows that you don't need startups in order to invent stuff. What I do think will hold China down is their one-child policy. > What does Microsoft have to do with this? I don't have a source handy, but around 2004-2005 Steve Ballmmer came in a short visit to my country (somewhere in Eastern Europe), he had a even shorter meeting with the Prime Minister of that time and sure enough not 6 months later a Government programme was launched and all the schools and public libraries in my country had to be equipped with Windows machines. This was around the time when people thought that tools like Open Office actually had a chance of toppling the MS Office suite. > Do you similarly hate people who use cellphones or talk with friends on the bus? Yes, I do hate them, and I thought the common perception was that everyone hates people that talk on the phone when using public transport. > I don't want to forget things. Ever. Again. Not strictly technology-related, but certainly human related, you might want to read Albert Proust's "Remembrance of Things Past". You might develop a new perspective on "remembering things" and memory after reading the book, a perspective not limited to technology or fancy gadgets but instead one that touches on our very essence as human beings. As a programmer I consider myself very lucky that one of the first advices I got when I was a junior was from one of my senior colleagues (and a very smart guy): "one of the most valuable qualities of a good programmer is courage". Seven and a half years later I make sure that I pass that knowledge on to my junior colleagues. I'm proud to say that just in the past 2 weeks I've said this twice to one of my younger team-mates, a recent hire, "don't be afraid to break things!" I'm there with you, as in I also think that there wasn't one particular event that triggered the fall of the Roman Empire (the year Rome was sacked etc.), but the changes between the "civilized" Romans and the "barbarous" migrants/germanic/slavic populations were nevertheless huge. For example I live in the Lower Danube area, from where the Romans retreated around 275 AD. Reading about the near-by Roman city of Ulpia Traiana Sarmizegetusa ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulpia_Traiana_Sarmizegetusa ) it's surprising to see that only 2 generations after the retreat of the Romans the local people would revert to living in sunken huts, oftentimes a stone's throw away from the ruined Roman villas. The same people probably also lost the art of writing, because in the case I'm reading about there are no written documents or stone-graves or anything that could attest to the fact that they knew how to write for more than 700 years. The thought that this kind of things could happen again should be on the back of our minds. For example I'm a little bit worried that more and more information about our civilization is only stored in electronic format. It suffices for us not being able to produce electricity for like 2-3 weeks and all of this will get lost. > We believe that some of our users, particularly our younger users, are aware of and actively engaging with other products and services similar to, or as a substitute for, Facebook. For example, we believe that some of our users have reduced their engagement with Facebook in favor of increased engagement with other products and services such as Instagram. Anecdotal evidence that happens to be confirmed by this FB press release: one of my younger colleagues (she's in her early 20s) just told me a couple of days ago: "I almost don't use FB anymore, I'm only using Instgram". She's the only person I know face to face who had a MySpace account (I live in Europe, where MySpace wasn't really that big of a thing anyway) and she has generally been among the first to experiment with new social thingies. I'm not saying FB will "be dead" anytime soon, but is good that they've chosen not to bury their head in the sand like Google does with Google+. Of course, it just happens that Instagram is now owned by FB. The girl seen in here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PH8Da7lxpk&t=6m22s , her name was Anna Maria Settela Steinbach, she was gipsy, she, her mother and her four brothers and sisters were killed at Auschwitz in August 1944. More about her in here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Settela_Steinbach I usually do, not all of them, mind you, but at least the highest ranking comments. For example that's how I found out that former Italian PM Mario Monti wasn't that much of a "success" in his home country two months ago, by reading the top online comments in an Italian newspaper. My only tangent with the Italian political life was through newspapers and magazines like The Economist, FT or NYT, and they all were painting a pretty rosy picture of his job. Sure enough, come election time he got handily defeated. > I kind of see coding (or scripting) similar to how I see writing. Not all of us are good enough, motivated enough, or would even enjoy writing for a living. And this is why it stroke me as odd when one of my younger (and intelligent) non-IT colleagues told me a couple of months ago "I cannot compose this fancy school essay, why cannot they ask us straight what they need written down?". That's when I realized that even plain writing (as in composing) is not for everyone, there are people who back off when they hear that they need to "invent" stuff to be put on paper/screen/word editor. Not the OP, but when you share the same room and breath the same air for 8+ hours five days per week with some random people (your work colleagues) you tend to play the "social animal" part and get into conversations that go beyond the next sprint or the latest Rails bug. I find it normal. It also felt like "selling a religion" to me. The fact is that I haven't checked on the "TDD discussion" for a while now (maybe 6 months?) and when I read the initial paragraphs and saw how confident the author was I thought that maybe I had missed something in the meantime, that probably some new studies had been published that had demonstrated that TDD did in fact provide a positive boost to the teams adopting it etc etc . I read the whole thing but there was no mention of hard numbers. Facts were also lacking. > Cute picture. But even after 50 years of this propaganda, I'm yet to see a woman driving tractors in Poland (yes, I've seen many men driving them). Not a tractor, but my aunt was operating an industrial crane in the '80s in communist Romania. I live in a studio apartment in an Eastern-European capital city and you're right, there's no room for a bike in here. Well, tough luck for me, it means I'll only bike whenever I care enough about it to rent one. > I would like to see Kozinski in SCOTUS, but I'm pretty sure he'll receive The Mother of All Borkings if ever nominated. I'm not a citizen of the United States, but as a recent admirer of judge Kozinski (because of his libertarian views and because he was born in the city I now live in, Bucharest, Romania) I'm curious why people in power wouldn't want him joining the Supreme Court. I have a recently purchased Mac Mini which came with 4GB of RAM and whenever I happen to access a certain Flash-heavy page ( http://www.lequipe.fr/direct_foot.html for the curious) Firefox just instantly eats up all the available memory, everything freezes and I have to manually restart the machine (I know the article is actually about Chrome, but I'm trying to also make a point that memory usage counts). > I am quite sure no politician here in America would have the guts to pull this I'm European and just after this was announced I was thinking what would happen if something similar would be enforced in the States. My conclusion was that that this would be one of the few acts by the US Government that would cause civil unrest. > If you undermine the social contract and rule by fiat, as the EU has in Greece and Cyprus, it leads to extremism, break down of social order, an ever more polarised political situation, and ultimately revolution and/or dictatorship Mostly unrelated and that kid was really stupid, but just the other day a 20-year old Greek footballer used the Nazi salute after scoring a goal for his team ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21822165 ). Like I said, that kid is beyond stupid, but I think it shows that some sort of extremism (right-wing, left-wing) is slowly making its way onto the front scene. I hope that country is not Austria (which ran to the the EU like a little girl when shit starting hitting the fan in early 2009, asking for help for Eastern Europe countries so that the latter won't go belly-up, that would have meant Austria going belly-up), the Netherlands or Belgium (both countries with a very high level of private-sector debt, approaching Cyprus, pls see this: https://media.economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/2... ), to say nothing of France. The only European country still standing on its feet without any outside help is Germany, but that could end very quickly end once every other country around her begins the slide into depression. For better or worse, we're all in this together. I'm not the OP, and most certainly I do not believe there is any "supernatural" aspect behind the human mind, but what will really, really convince me that the Singularity would have arrived will be the moment when robots/machines will have understood humor. Them, the machines, being able to actually make new jokes will be the decisive proof that we, humans, are not the only "intelligent" entities on this planet. And even more OT, this reminded me that I don't recollect any "robot jokes" in any of the science fiction books I've read. Granted, there weren't that many (just the basics: Asimov, Frank Herbert, Philip K. Dick, some Stanislaw Lem), but I'm curious if any SF writer wrote "robot jokes", more exactly jokes that us, humans, think will be made by robots in the not-so-distant future. > No. Is it possible? Maybe. This eerily reminds me of the bank run on Northern Rock, in August 2007. I was working for a mortgage broker at the other side of Europe at that time, and I was saying to myself: "hey, that's bad for those poor fellows, but it cannot have that big of an impact on the rest of us, it's just a bank in some god-forsaken corner of the UK". One year later Lehman went bust. > Soviet Union had a similar system, and selection was driven by a combination of merit exams, social status/personal connections, and corruption I gather that you've also attended one of these schools :) Anyway, I also come from that part of the world and I remember how my parents had to pull a lot of strings to enroll me in a better school compared to the one I had been automatically assigned to. > If that is worthless then find me something that makes her so happy that isn't worthless and I would have bought that instead. You could try with true feelings, they don't cost much. > I can't take this Agile crap any longer. It's lunacy. It has all the hall marks of a religion. In the early days (2004-2005) it started out as a good thing, young-developer me was so impressed by its "no-bullshit-only-programming" attitude that I even included it on my CV (in my defense I also had XML written in there). I noticed it changing into a religion about two or three years later, when I had joined a new team and saw the members of said team following its "commandments" with no critical judgement whatsoever. The crazy rule of naming teams ("Wolves vs. Vampires" etc) didn't help it either. So you're saying "private" is not in fact, well, "private". I grew up as a kid on the wrong side of the Iron Curtain, in Eastern Europe, where as it happens walls had ears and "private" was not in fact "private". To see this stuff repeating 25 years later in the free world is scary. I'm in the opposite situation, sort of, as in one of my friends was always giving praise to GoPro cameras, so much so that I was really intending to buy their latest model. After reading some of the comments in here and then going and reading Amazon reviews from other GoPro customers suffice is to say that I'm not going to buy any of their products anytime soon. This is going already too far, but anyway, here it goes. First of all, during the '80s (the time when I grew up) the KGB or the Securitate (the institution that was operating in my country) had already left their "harsh" methods behind, for the most part anyway, but they were instead operating through the peer pressure of those around you (friends, neighbors, strangers on the street, even close relatives). More exactly, had you by chance happened to listen to Radio Free Europe or made negative comments about the fact that there was no meat for sale in the stores, some of those mentioned above might have just "snitched" you to the powers that be (the Securitate in my country's case). You weren't risking that much, "just" your day job (like one of the guys in this story) and probably also the roof above your kids' heads (now if you don't have a job and you can't pay mortgage/rent you're in the same situation). Like I said, maybe it didn't seem much from the outside, but it was enough. All this because someone might have overheard you say something that wasn't abiding to the rules of the time. Yes, I do find the power to speak freely a little bit scary. I actively threw a Nokia 3310 against a concrete wall from a couple of meters away. It disassembled into several parts, I put them back together and everything worked as new. One of the most durable mobile phones ever built. Please also give it a try and read Gogol's "Dead Souls". I don't know how to explain it, but I think is the book that best explains the 20th century (even though it was written in the 1840s). Yes, Gogol was that good. > Because of dogma (the whole austerity debacle). They don't because in the long run you have to actually produce wealth that would sustain your money-printing instinct. This is the best opportunity for Europe to actual implement structural reforms that would give them a chance to compete long-term, as an European I do hope they don't fuck it up. > you have to break out of that paradigm. That's why I never regretted trying to learn Common Lisp some time ago, even though I didn't ship anything into production, and why I really do enjoy doing the same thing with Erlang right now, i.e. trying to understand it and getting as comfortable with it as I can get (and preferably this time maybe putting something out there). Both these experiences helped me see programming differently, a change of "paradigm" as you very well put it, so now even when I get back to Python or PHP I feel like I'm a better programmer. Plus, there's something to be said about the fact that always trying to learn new and interesting stuff and not only focusing on "shipping code" is what keeps one's passion at higher levels. After almost 10 years in this trade I've found that passion at what you're doing is a very valuable and in the same time very volatile resource. > absorbing shocks' and 'supporting life' doesn't mean 'supporting human life comfortably'. And why do we think of ourselves as being superior to other past species? I generally don't like metaphors, but I remember reading somewhere (there were also a couple of animated representations in support) that we're more like a virus that has infected the Earth (its ecosystem etc.). Looking at it through those lenses we have a couple of options left open until the host (Earth's ecosystem) ends up changing in such a way that will eliminate us. We can slow down the rate of infection by lowering our numbers or at least our growth rate. This has already started happening by itself in the more "advanced" countries. It will probably also happen in the rest of world at some point. Or we can keep our numbers and numerical growth-rate but we'll need to start inflicting lesser and lesser pain on our host. Realistically, I don't see that happening anytime soon. Or we can increase our efforts in finding a new host, or at least a "disease transmitter" (or whatever the scientific term is) that will carry and support us until we stumble upon a host similar to Earth. Let's say a space-ship or something of the sorts. I know this looks too much like science-fiction right now, but if we're serious about our long-term survival as a species we need to start looking at it that way. Not the OP, but I think for example that psychology "sins" a lot when it comes to "reproducibility" ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reproducibility ). Then again, I'm one who also thinks that the only true science is mathematics. > The four tools of Internet oppression -- surveillance, censorship, propaganda, and use control -- have both government and corporate uses. It's funny (for a very broad definition of the word funny) to have seen this happening as an almost direct witness on websites such as reddit, for example. I remember how during the August, 2006 Lebanon War ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Lebanon_War ) there was an entire down-vote brigade for anything that was against Israel and consequent upvotes for positive references. One or two years later there was an article that was quickly buried which mentioned how the Israeli government had a special department to handle this exact use-case (Internet propaganda) during "sensitive" times. Fast forward to November 24th of last year and I find this quote in Financial Times, made during the latest confrontations between Israel and Hamas : > This is a classic example of asymmetric warfare (...) This is the type of warfare that takes place not on the ground but on TV and computer screens all over the world. One side is trying to show the world how miserable and how much of an underdog they are, while not being afraid and not losing" (the emphasis is mine) The quote was made by Yiftah Shapir, head of the military balance project at the Institute for National Security Studies based in Tel Aviv. So it seems like Internet propaganda and "asymmetrical warfare" has indeed become mainstream and a thing that's no longer hidden under the rug as crazy conspiracy. > All the elements of modern "terrorism" are there back then: a half-wit dupe bomber, nutjobs with a crazy ideology (anarchism in this case), and national actors manipulating them from behind the scenes. And before that there were of course the Russians, where I think everything started ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrorism_in_Russia#19th_centu... ): > Nechaev argued that the purpose of revolutionary terror is not to gain a support of masses, but to the contrary, inflict misery and fear on the common population. According to Nechayev, a revolutionary must terrorize civilians to incite rebellions. Fact is, I also believe that the Tsarist secret police Okhrana was much better at actually fighting the "terrorists" using classic methods like "infiltrating and influencing revolutionary groups, rather than merely identifying and arresting their members", compared to what the US secret agencies are doing right now. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Okhrana ) It's crazy that I was just reading a couple of days ago about how the CIA had almost turned into a military unit because of its control over the drone war, instead of doing actual information agency work. > The funny thing is that those left behind don't have an opportunity to get on that gravy train now. For what is worth, I noticed that also (not in the UK, but somewhere else in Europe). My ex-wife, a psychology major, managed to get hired into a big oil company doing procurement work (yes, they were that desperate at hiring people) around 2005-2006. Of course, in the meantime she has gathered a ton of experience and she'd have no problems whatsoever of picking another similar job at another big company. For comparison, looking at kids aged 22 to 24 who have just graduated it seems like they're, well, fucked. Nobody will hire them in a big company for lack of work experience and they can't get any experience because nobody wants to hire them. One of the mistakes is thinking that Economics is in a fact a science. It is not. Second, I think it is only right that economic decisions that influenced the lives of millions should be based on political principles, and not technical ones. The latter only give you things like the long-term suicidal one-child policy, and you also don't get anyone to blame, while the first at least give you the chance to change course mid-way and a sort of feedback mechanism. Also, using 50-year cycles in order to determine long term economic "truths" is a joke. I'm going to be that guy, but this right here it's a first world problem almost to the letter. I mean, we've got an adult (the college guy) hurrying to call his mother when he gets in trouble so that the latter would help him solve his problems, and then we've got the mother herself, ready to forgo her long-held believes (feminism and all that) as soon as her son's "future" is on the line. I certainly do hope someone is going to take this down. I did downvote it when the post was first made, but it seems like people have gone crazy over there in the States, what with the public naming and blaming of "suspects". I read the article twice and nowhere did the author say anything about asking her son something like: "Hey, did you do that?", nor is the former girlfriend's opinion mentioned. And yes, I would like for both parties' views to be on the same page, jumping to conclusions like "bitter ex-girlfriend " does no good to anyone. > I've looked at the reddit threads a bit and it looked to me like a place where discussion was going on and people were trying to help. You're factually incorrect, or maybe you were just looking in the wrong place: http://i.imgur.com/R0CZtwR.png and http://www.reddit.com/r/findbostonbombers/comments/1co0d5/he... and I guess there are countless others. Not to mention that I learned the names of the wrongly accused "suspects" from Hacker News first, but I guess we'll just keep digging our heads in the sand and carry on like nothing has ever happened. They get more funding in the end, because somehow people see them as the good guys again. > I almost feel like this complaint is the femninist equivalent to a #firstworldproblem, while women elsewhere being denied real opportunities. It depends on the setting/environment, but most important of all is that no matter how bad things may look at the moment they can change for the better. Anyway, the comments in here reminded me of my childhood: both my parents worked full-time jobs, with my dad usually taking two-hour breaks from work to come home and feed me lunch. He then was going back to the construction site he was working on (he is a civil engineer) and would come back home much later in the evening because of that. If this could happen in a very male-dominated area such as a construction site from a former Communist East-European country, I hope it can happen in and around Silicon Valley as well. Not the OP, but thanks for the link. As a guy I was a little bit saddened by the "choose a husband very carefully"-part, I see that the Last Psychiatrist addresses that in a very compelling way. As a programmer who has seen all of the above (except for Dr. Who, never really could understand what was so special about it) while not being a fan of either of them in particular I also do feel that people who want to get into this industry should not look at these superficial things ("she/he wears a Star Wars t-shirt, she/he must be one of us") I mean, reading "Ender's Game" as a 14-year old kid and being fascinated by it has nothing to do with the fact that 15+ years later I happen to program computers for a living. One of the major reasons that brought me into this industry (and one of the reasons I feel should be a big motivator for other people as well) it's that is so easy to build things that are actually useful. > In the UK it's good enough to give someone a post-code and door number and you can get to their front door. How that would work globally I do not know We do have post-codes in Romania but nobody ever uses them. But at least now I understand why one of my first bosses, who was from the UK, was insisting so much that me, the programmer, would implement a reverse geo-thingie that would associate a post-code to a specific physical address (this was back in 2006-2007, the golden days of web-mapping). Related, I've seen more than a couple of Bucharest stray-dogs which actually learned how to use the pedestrians' crosswalks, i.e. only crossing the street when the light was green etc. There was even a promo made by our local traffic police that was based on this: http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gCQ7qZ1pR... Later Edit: And the dogs weren't actually mimicking the behavior of the people waiting for the green light to turn on, because even when the light was red there were a couple of people crossing the street but the dog wouldn't follow them. > One thing is obvious: most white-collar, educated people who already had jobs before 2008 are doing just fine, haven't noticed a thing, and don't give a neuron to thinking about unemployed people. I remember reading an article around 2008 (in the Economist, I think) based on a (then recent) research paper that showed that people who graduated during a recession had a lot more to lose in the long run (smaller wages etc) compared to people who graduated during "normal" times. We're 5 years later, the "recession" supposedly ended three or four years ago (I'm talking about the US here), and yet things don't seem to have reverted back to normal. Unless maybe this is in fact the new normal. > "What Europe did: Banned all forms of animal protein, including chicken litter, in cow feed in 2001." I think this came in the aftermath of the Mad Cow Disease that affected the UK in the mid-'90s ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bovine_spongiform_encephalopat... ). I know that UK does not necessarily mean Europe, but nevertheless, that was really huge no matter where in Europe you happened to live, it showed that an entire industry could vanish over night just because of bad industry practices. > The reasons are pretty clear, its a superior way to build power trains if you can get the performance, range, and refueling issues solved. Don't want to nitpick, but I think we're still a long way from "refueling issues" being solved world-wide in the near-term (15 to 25 years), only because electric power transmission is a damn-hard problem to solve at a global scale. I remember reading an article linked from here a couple of months ago about how one big UK power company was handling the almost instantaneous switching on of millions of tea kettles after some BBC show had ended ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5018560 ). Now imagine the same scenario in a country like Nigeria (population approaching 200 million), or Brazil, or Indonesia, but with cars instead of mundane tea kettles and with a not so top-notch electrical infrastructure instead of the mature UK power grid. I do hope though that Tesla will end up being a $100+ billion company, if only to demonstrate that true innovation can still bring big financial gains in this day and age. GE does build lots of cool engineering things, but those alone couldn't have made it the most valuable company in the world at one point. It also involved a lot of, well, financial engineering, which this guy started to describe better than I could ever have: https://rortybomb.wordpress.com/2011/01/21/immelt-ge-capital... I also remember than in the hot days of early October 2008 there were talks of GE the entire company going down on behalf of its subsidiary, GE Capital. Those were indeed some crazy days. It's been two years of putting "more wood behind fewer arrows" and all they could come up with is a Pinterest-lookalike thingie. For an outsider like me it's really, really frustrating, they have all this data and smart engineers and all they can think about is winning every battle and not realizing that they're losing the war. And just to make sure, "the war" is not against Facebook, Microsoft or any short-term, market-driven non-sense, "the war" and fight itself should be related to trying to reach the Singularity, trying to make us (the human species) less dependent on only one potential point of failure (this planet) etc. The problem is I generally don't check if other people are looking at me when I'm using a urinal (and by "generally" I mean "never"), so that I would have a very hard time figuring out if the person closest isn't in fact just photographing my "down there" just from a blink of an eye. Yeap, got that right, they have some of the smartest guys on the planet as their employees and they fill up their time with what looks like gibberish. You do have to think big. > 3) More women in the workforce leads to fewer domestically prepared meals. This is unfortunately true, as in it will take probably another 20 to 30 years for the majority of Western men to realize that they can cook, too, and that cooking is not only a "woman's job". Coming from a family where both my parents worked full-time jobs and where my dad was actually cooking tastier meals than my mum it surprised me when I grew up and saw that in other families the husband wouldn't approach the kitchen even if he would be starving to death. Otherwise I cannot really understand why a majority of people have starting seeing cooking a healthy meal as a "waste of time". This is something so ingrained in our well-being, I'd say is almost quintessential to who we are as a species, that it baffles me when I see so many people relying only on pre-processed food that comes packaged in cardboard boxes. > but I wonder if anyone has done a study of porn as a predictor of platform success/failure... For better or worse, FB could be a good example of "platform success" that partially relies on that. It's not porn per se, just beach/bikini photos of one's lady-friends, or his work-mates, or the wife's friends. > Meanwhile, a good old-fashioned lobbying effort continues in Washington; the New York Times reports a push to ease regulatory oversight of the hiring of foreigners and the firing of Americans. I thought we were past the corn-laws way of thinking, or anyway I was expecting better from The Economist. Plus, and most important, it's economically disadvantageous in the long term. In their defense this is coming from their blog section, which I'd guess is not as scrutinized when it comes to editorial control compared to the printed version. I've been one of their readers for seven or so years, if you avoid their leaders (which I do) and if you read the section editorials with prior knowledge of the editorialist's way of thinking, then things are more than ok. Now, whenever I happen to read the NYTimes I'm reminded of my grand-father's advice given to me ~20 years ago: "Whatever you do, paganel, always read the newspaper edited/printed by those in power, this way you'll always know where the world is heading to". He had been a Communist mayor from a small Eastern-European village, and I have this image of him always making some time in the evening for reading the local Communist propaganda newspaper. Not the OP, but I'd say that for high temperatures it doesn't really matter if one uses Celsius or Kevin, and that's because 1 degree Celsius = 1 degree Kelvin. So, let's say that you have a reading of 800 Celsius, you just need to add ~ 270 to it if you want Kelvin. If I then get a second reading of 1200 Celsius I know for sure that it's 400 degrees higher compared to the first reading, no matter if I'm thinking Celsius or Kelvin. For Fahrenheit things are not that straightforward Really? Ok, I learned something new today :) Of course, if it wasn't obvious enough enough I'm from Europe where Fahrenheit has always confused us. Unfortunately this is not happening with the NYTimes, only a story link in the "International" section towards the bottom of its front-page. Across the Atlantic the BBC, Le Figaro or der Spiegel have made it their top story. > The event's venue, a luxury hotel in Big Sur, California, will include a custom-made fairyland-like setting with fake ruins, bridges, ponds, and a gated cottage Sad to see that SV billionaires suffer from the same kitsch-mania as do the Russian oil oligarchs. > Bullshit, 'the Stasi"? Go talk to somebody who lived in East Germany. I grew up as a kid in Romania, we didn't have the Stasi but we did have the Securitate ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Securitate ), which were as bad if not worse. I would like to confirm that from half a Globe away what I'm reading about the NSA gives me the chills. > I'm thinking mostly about Gmail. I think YouTube too, saw a mention of it in one of the articles linked from HN. Which I guess makes sense from their point of view, there was this case about 3 months ago of two Russian spies caught in Germany who had "taken orders" by way of YouTube comments ( http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142412788732453200457836... ). And then of course there's all the "jihadist" YT videos (Arabic Nasheeds and all that) with lots of comments that may hold "useful" data, like IP addresses of those commenting. Of course I've long time ago created a YT playlist with a couple of these nasheeds (even though I don't understand a word some of them do sound really nice), which I hope to counter-act in NSA's eyes by my loyal membership to /r/murica and limitless fanboyism for the works of Thomas Paine. I'm not American but I was clapping and cheering him loudly by the end of the interview. He is a hero for me. > You send data in plaintext and are surprised that the NSA might be reading/logging it? I live in Europe, it's true, but even so I would expect my Government not to enter my house without a proper warrant, even though I've only locked the door once when I left for office this morning. And when I'm mentioning "proper warrant" I'm thinking about Stalin's "Great Purge", which did use the Soviet legal system of the time that I find no worse than today's "secret courts". A parody of justice is not justice. > What I'm about to say is absolutely nuts, but it could be that this is something the NSA leaked intentionally I had a similar thought this morning, not necessarily about the NSA leaking this on purpose, but about how they could turn this into their own advantage. You can already see that Obama has gone on record saying that "we cannot fight against terror without giving away some of our freedoms" (or something very similar to this, I'm too lazy to search for the exact quote), a statement which he couldn't have made before this scandal. What's really more disconcerting are all those comments (reasonably highly voted) coming from what seem to be genuine American citizens saying something very similar to what Obama is saying: "We can't fight terrorism if we don't let the Government go through our stuff". A little bit OT, I'm surprised nobody has yet made a parallel between present-days United States and the end times of the Roman Republic. You just have to replace today's "terrorists" with the "Barbarians/Germans" of that time and Julius Caesar with today's over-reaching Government. The bad news is that for all of Brutus's and Cicero's efforts Caesar was followed by future emperor Augustus and the end of the Roman Republic. You can regard the publishing of the Pentagon Papers as treason as well. Maybe this is why Nixon was so furious about it. > I think HN is seriously at risk of having jumped the shark for good. This NSA thing blew the lid off - the front page is completely full of articles about politics, with more each day about all kinds of different things. I share your caution, because I remember that for better or worse this is how reddit started changing back in the day (late 2007 - 2008), by focusing on politics (and then there came the memes and all that). But, one can sort of feel that all this is way more technology- and consequently HN-related than what Obama or Hillary Clinton had to say back in the day. From a fellow know-nothing when it comes to "flatness" and skeu-something I was a little bit surprised when the author complained that the old "receive a call" interface was full with alert-like buttons. They are supposed to be "Alert" buttons, for crying out loud, as in you're asleep in your bed, the phone starts ringing which means you have been "alerted", you're now woken up and ready to answer the call or deny it. Which brings me to my second point, that is where is the "Deny" button/action in the new interface. ? I could only see "Answer" and "Remind me later". > the majority of the USA prefers to have the electric eye of Sauron to watch over them, because the alternative -- more freedom that might lead to more terror attacks -- is too scary for them to accept. As a guy who has never set foot in the States I found it strange when I first heard Dakota Fanning asking Tom Cruise "Is that the terrorists?" in Spielberg's "War of the Worlds" (when an airplane falls over the house they're in), I was asking to myself "why does the Americans' first instinct in case of unknown danger focus on terrorists?". And talking about "the eye of Sauron", there is of course this scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kytDzjuBGJI , which still gives me the chills. An under-estimated movie, IMHO. I'm a programmer, not a NYT contributor, but even so my back-up plan for when I'll no longer be able to earn money from writing code is to start raising goats. It helps that my (living in the countryside) parents used to have a goat until not that long ago, and I could use their place for, well, starting the new endeavor. Back to the article, I'm bummed that the photo of said goats wasn't presented to us. > just like Verizon and AT&T. As an European I never understood what is the "strategic" interest of Washington to protect the telecom companies. This might have made sense 20 years ago, but now that these companies tend to become like any other utility companies I don't see why the Government would care if they break up or if new (possibly foreign) competitors appear. > and guarantee that a quarter of the people on that list are terrorists, Honest question, what would happen to the other three quarters? For once I'll avoid Godwin's law and link instead to this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Article_58 > The article was used for the imprisonment and execution of many prominent people, as well as multitudes of nonnotable innocents. (...) Article 58 of the Russian SFSR Penal Code was put in force on 25 February 1927 to arrest those suspected of counter-revolutionary activities. So the point is that even in Soviet Russia people were sent into the Gulag based on written laws and going through the legal system, so I'd say that the US Government's reply that "it's all legal! it has gone through the courts" doesn't mean a thing as long as said laws are against the spirit of the US Constitution. And I'd say that's the gist of it, the current laws are against the spirit of the original fundamental law of the United States. As long as its current citizens are ok with that (no mass protests etc) then I'd say there's nothing that the minority can do (if it matters I'm not from the US) I agree, even though the time-difference wasn't that big as far as I remember (I did read a history of CEKA and Solzhenitsyn's "Gulag Archipelago", but that was 10-12 years ago). Back to the conversation, what might prove slightly useful from this comparison is that in the USSR and German Democratic Republic surveillance was mostly done through the use of one's acquaintances and often-times even close relatives, because as the article mentions back then secret police forces didn't have access to today's technology. That's what made it very personal and invasive and what ruined lots of lives and close-relationships, while today's surveillance techniques seem to be (and I'd say they are indeed) more remote and not that soul-crunching. In the old system you risked to have your sister or brother-in-law snitching on you for listening to Radio Free Europe or for making a regime-related joke, you had to be always on the alert of what you were saying and to whom you were speaking. I think this is why in the present day and age we don't see lots of protests against this new surveillance system, it's far too remote from us so we tend not to notice it. Maybe lots of people already know about it, but I'll just copy-paste this in here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7X7sZzSXYs It's not an anti-dote (to loneliness and everything), it just genuinely helped me from time to time and I hope it will also help others. As an Eastern-European dependent on US "soft power" I really hoped that the last "lost" decade would really change how things work at the State Department and about how the US handles its foreign policy generally speaking. IMHO, the US relies too much on how many carriers they can bring to a "hot point" and how much aerial damage they can cause, sort of forgetting that the Berlin Wall was not teared down using bombs, but because people wanted to purchase Coca Cola and Levi's and to buy print-magazines with real rock-stars on their covers. There's also something to be said about America needing a Nixon-like strategic thinker (his openness to Mao etc) and forgetting about the small battles that don't accomplish anything (we've killed X mujaheddin in the Yemen desert, we've "liberated" a God-forgotten Afghan province etc) You're a little too harsh on the OP, and I'm a saying this as a (now) single guy in his early 30s who is kind of financially supporting his ageing parents. I still think his closing remark stands: > You just need to spend less money on shit that you don’t need. There are people (myself included) who cannot remember how exactly to use tar, the Unix command. For me it always goes like this: "Is it 'tar -fzhf... ' or 'tar -vgsf...'? Ok, I'll google it again, just this one time, promise". > Well, if location data is considered part of this "metadata", then I don't see how anyone could argue against the dangers of this I remember a "scandal" that occurred in my country's Parliament in the early 2000s (2002 or 2003), when one of the local mobile carriers decided to display the GSM cell towers' names on the mobile phones' small screens (close to the "battery still left" icon). Some of the MPs thought that as being way too obtrusive, but nobody cared because they're seen as being corrupt by definition, the mobile company ended up by not displaying the info anymore (but still collecting it, of course) and everything was fine. There was of course that other thing that happened to the same company (one of the 3 largest global brands in the industry) a couple of years later, with one of the mobile company's office people (a lady) being jealous on her boyfriend and asking some guys "in the IT department" if there wasn't a way for them to check said boyfriend's messages and calls, all this "as a small favor from colleague to colleague", which of course there was a way to do that. I can't remember if the boyfriend was cheating or not. > And one day some country may use this as a precedent for a more damaging action Slightly related, but the 1993 Rwanda civil war was started because of a (let's say) similar incident: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_Habyarimana_an... > The airplane carrying Rwandan president Juvénal Habyarimana and Burundian president Cyprien Ntaryamira was shot down as it prepared to land in Kigali, Rwanda. The assassination set in motion some of the bloodiest events of the late 20th century, the Rwandan Genocide and the First Congo War. > Are we the guard dogs of US interest, That's what happens when you externalize almost all of your defense-related needs. France did try to go its own way around the 1960s, but it turns out building lots of carriers and nuclear-powered submarines is not that easy when you're not in the global top three, economically speaking (and even so, the Soviets went bust because of it). And of course recent attempts at a "common European defense policy" are a farce, as most of the people who know a thing or two about the matter will attest.