i.e. Hamming advised everyone to work on the most important problem(s) in their field, and precisely not to "Chase after the things that interest you and make you happy." Maybe for him these two were the same. There is something cold about his recommendation, though. I'm not sure what motivated him. Impressing himself with important discoveries? I never in all his talking about missile trajectories and weapons-related work came across any evidence of ethical considerations. Godement's Algebra with its inspiring political and ethical conscience - its author was man as well as mathematician - made me vividly aware of how a work of mathematics/physics can either be ethical, or it can pretend that ethics are not its concern. Or rather, like a heartless child, act without ever even considering consequences. Maybe Hamming was just working on the important problems in his field, and disregarding all else, and thought that was enough. I tried working in a library, once I'd been driven out of parks by wandering people on phones. In the library every couple of minutes someone ran outside shouting into their phone "I'm in the library! Hang on!". Grr. And when it's quiet you notice you're within earshot of someone texting on their phone with "click" sound effects. Whoops, I meant Godement's Analysis . > Nearly everyone in this world holds to some central and defining philosopy or faith or religion that shapes the meaning of life for them. Is that a fact? Seems like a false assumption to me. Unless you just mean whatever deeper beliefs everyone has, whether aware of it or not, but it seems you're making a stronger claim. For example, I'm in Australia, and I'd say 95% at least of the people I've met in my life aren't among this "nearly everyone". > Israel is an unusual circumstance, in that it's surrounded by hostile countries, but so is the U.S. Huh? IIRC, the U.S. is surrounded by Canada, Mexico and a lot of ocean. I don't know how that can seem a realistic statement to you. Um. Your country has drones bombing innocent people across the globe, and you are worried about...whether you are getting value for money?! Please consider for a moment what that might sound like to people 'across the globe'. Do you count killing someone as human rights abuse? Killing hundreds of thousands, millions? I guess these U.S. killings have been mostly of people in other countries, which don't count as human rights abuses? It's somehow worse if a country kills its own people, than the people of other countries? And it's also not what they said. Hi. 'find me a source': Google is your friend. I can understand if you don't want to learn about this stuff. You sound young, or naively gloaty at least. If you think talking about 4 people is relevant then prepare for a big shock. It's really a horrific story though. I learned about it until I couldn't stand it anymore...all that stuff about central America in the 80s is so depressing. But no more than e.g. 800,000 (!) bombing raids on Laos in 1964-73, dropping more bombs than in the whole of WWII. Understandably it's hard to get precise figures, or any kind of figure, for killing on such a huge scale. You guys don't bother counting these days. Do people born with birth defects from chemical weapons count? Killed with unexploded bombs after a 'war' - 20,000 in Laos alone since 1973. ... Did you hear they were using uranium bullets in the latest Iraq slaughter?! I wonder how long that will cause 'problems'. I guess I first learnt about most of this from Chomsky's earlier political books, and following up his references and reading elsewhere, until it was all too depressing and I had to stop. He wasn't making it up. The way he straight-facedly reports the grotesque pronouncements of officials, letting the facts condemn themselves, is not something forgettable. I found this source[0] saying 20 million after a moment's googling. (And a minute checking the site didn't seem obviously insane.) I'm no expert at all. I didn't think "millions" was particularly controversial. I don't think I've seen a total figure estimate before, but from the stuff I've read about Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, central America, Iraq x2 etc etc, I thought "millions" was pretty inarguable. Just read about all the places the U.S. has invaded/bombed/'interfered with' in the 20th C. You'll be doing well to make it halfway. Often because they were getting too democratic, not doing what the U.S. wanted, the "threat of a good example", that's the depressing thing. Then cover the whole thing up with propaganda so the U.S. public thinks it was all in a good cause. Pretty sickening. Do you only count 'domestic' human rights abuses? And 'non enemy combatants'? So if they fight back, their human rights aren't abusable or something. (Or they just slaughter whole villages and say they were enemy soldiers. See wikipedia page on Vietnam casualties) And I guess 'directly caused' means if the U.S. gets rids of democracy and installs a dictator (e.g. Iran), and sells them weapons, like they did so many times in the 20th C, (and probably graduates of U.S. torture school) well, anything bad that happens later isn't 'directly caused' by the U.S.? Anyway. Oh also Scott Noble's documentaries are available on his site[1], some covering aspects of this subject. I think they're excellent, also very depressing, although they feature some very inspiring people. [0] https://www.globalresearch.ca/us-has-killed-more-than-20-mil... [1] http://metanoia-films.org/films/ Maybe I should have asked a question, I'm curious. Which countries did you mean? I've already put in a lot of hours to that depressing topic, mostly a couple of decades ago. That Scott Noble stuff recently was more than enough. I do seem to remember Saddam got into power with U.S. help, then they sold him about 10 kinds of chemical weapons. Have heard a bit about Pol Pot. Not sure why you just mention those 2 countries. If I want to what?... Uh. So I guess you know all about the U.S-funded fanning of extreme Muslim flames in the area. With the purpose of starting a war, wasn't it? But sure, 'tangential', no abuse of human rights there. Well, maybe you're an expert - what do you believe is the total number killed by the U.S.? Less than "millions"? I notice you did the straw man thing that you did here also with user982's LeMay comment - finishing your post with something the other person didn't say and saying it's not true. Also I'm getting that you think the U.S. isn't evil but other countries are 'truly evil'. Sounds familiar. Well, thanks. Sorry, I wish I had the interest/energy/time etc for a long exchange about this, but I don't. maybe that was a joke and i missed it. deeply interesting? no idea why it's on here. "Criticizing the history of the United States is fine, but it's not even in the same universe regarding human rights abuses." I thought this was an outrageous remark, and felt compelled to object. But you say that's deflecting from a vast oppressive machine. Criticizing an easy target. Trying to cast the US as the world's "bad guy". No-one said you called the US perfect. No-one said US atrocities excuse Chinese ones. I guess if by definition you say Chinese ones are greater, and I guess they are one of the "truly evil" countries you referred to, there's not much can be said to you. The US merely has done evil things - other countries actually are truly evil. I guess it's natural for humans to think that way about their own group, but still, it bears reflecting on, that each group thinks that way about itself and others. Whole countries have disappeared in the 20th C when they say they want to do things their own way, not the way the US wants - not just individuals. But it seems you don't see that. "Trying to cast the US as the world's "bad guy" isn't brave or controversial, it just gives cover to the truly evil nations committing ongoing genocide." There are a number of interesting things going on in that sentence. It's so thick with what seem to me labels, ad hominem dismissals, false assumptions, straw men etc that it's impossible for you to hear what is said to you on this subject. You said criticism is fine but keep coming up with reasons why it's not. This has been interesting for me, thanks. Anyway, I'm still wondering - are you only interested in what the total number of US killings has been, or only what it isn't? What's your estimate of the total? You are obviously better informed than me on the subject, or at least think you are, having told me to read more about it. I repeat: What's your estimate of the total number of US killings? Thank you, I needed a good laugh! "Choosing to experience negative emotion because someone does something is self-harm." Hi :-) Fascinating comment. Do you really live that, or just it's something you read/heard and aspire to? Trying to unpack that a little: Calling experiencing negative emotion (i.e. feeling bad) "choosing to experience negative emotion" seems psychobabble. Do you choose all your feelings? I doubt it. So, you will never feel bad because of anything anyone does, because why would you, and that would be self-harm. All that just strikes me as jargon out of a bad self-help book. It doesn't sound human, but like a robot, or maybe a guru. (e.g. Nisargadatta: 'In my world, nothing ever goes wrong.') I guess that's why gurus/monks/priests aren't supposed to have wives, girlfriends, careers, possessions etc. Because ordinary humans do get upset about stuff. And feel good about stuff. The way you call people "someone" and reduce most of life to "someone doing something" I find absolutely chilling. That last bit about expectation sounds likes the ridiculous pessimism I thought made sense as a child. If you expect things to turn out for the worst, you will never be disappointed. That was before I realized that in life your attitude makes a huge difference to how things turn out. In the real/everyday world of someones doing somethings anyway. The language is tricky in this area; I'll try to be clear. There seems some confusion in your concepts; at least I'm confused about them. I don't claim to have this stuff all worked out; sorry if it's not helpful. It sounds like, for you, 'subscribing to an objective morality' would involve feeling the need to make everyone 'adopt your position' - share your beliefs? do as you do? I don't think there are actually many ethical or social relativists at all. Even the most self-proclaimedly relativist academics may talk like that professionally, but in their everyday lives have quite another standard, and evidently believe in objective ethics/morality/reality etc. That's the thing about ethics; it's not like favourite ice cream flavour, where you might think lemon is best, chocolate awful, but understand it's just your personal taste. Believing something is ethically wrong means it's not just 'wrong for you', but 'wrong, full stop.' It doesn't mean you go around forcing people to think/act the same. (Although probably means you wish they would.) I think you have described tolerance, an understanding that people think differently, not everyone has the same values etc. But to go from that to thinking there is no right and wrong, good or bad - only right-for-you, wrong-for-you - well, that's an abysmal step. I suppose you don't mean that; I hope not. Well, even in your "I don't feel the need to compel all sentients in the universe to adopt my position" it sounds like you think it's simply a better way of acting than others who need to compel etc. Not just better-for-you, but better for anyone, better for everyone i.e. objectively better. Metaphors We Live By - Lakoff/Johnson Philosophy in the Flesh - L/J Rationalism in Politics - Oakeshott Erving Goffman – Presentation of Self in Everyday Life Walter Lippmann – Public Opinion Art as Experience - John Dewey Plutarch's Lives G.K. Chesterton – Heretics (essay) William James - On A Certain Blindness in Human Beings (and its sequel) (essay) R.L. Stevenson - The Lantern-Bearers 'How can you tell if this full stop "wrongness" is occurring?' Well, I get why you would ask this, but that's an extremely strange question; I sense false assumptions in there somewhere. Yes, "wrong, full stop", otherwise known as wrong. That's what the word 'wrong' means in English. I had to create terms because you are (what seems to me) pretending you 'have no need of' any judgement-words whatsoever. You, I presume, and I don't kill people in the normal course of a day, e.g. because they have something we want. I think that would be wrong. So does almost everyone, the religious & spiritual traditions etc. It's based on natural feeling, and also on what makes for human flourishing. "Because not everyone agrees on what is right and wrong, there can be no such thing", you seem to be saying. If not everyone agrees on who is most beautiful, that means there's no such thing as beauty? The way you talk of 'values' came in, I believe, with Nietzsche and post-Nietzschean relativism. There's something profoundly macabre about talking the way you do, in spite or because of its all-levelling blandness. I'm very curious about your influences in learning to speak and think like that - who are they? (You have to be very smart indeed to not understand good and bad, right and wrong.) Say there's a guy who does go around killing people on the slightest pretext. You don't think there's anything wrong with that, he just has different values, (yours are no better) and that's normal? I think that way of talking as if everything, from whether murder is ok to what music I like to listen to, is on an equivalent plane of 'values', erases essential and major distinctions, to say the least. So..for example, I can't imagine you would be interested in thinking about or discussing what broad direction your society/town/institution should be heading, because no direction would be better or worse than another? Or if you have a preference, well, so does everyone else. You have sympathy for those terrible singers (whoops, there's no bad singers?) on American Idol when they say, in answer to the judges' "You're terrible!", "That's just your opinion"? But there are better opinions and worse. Better and worse reasons for judgments and interpretations, etc. Well, I still feel the way you're talking is ultimately incoherent, and that underneath it you hold the common sense view, even if I've not managed to break through yet. At least you won't let yourself say that you understand this, or anything at all, better than me. :-) But it seems you do think you have a better understanding of what we're talking about than I do. It seems you think I, and almost everyone, are wrong to believe in objective morality. But you can't say that, so...most people just have different values to yours? I notice you again say 'in any cosmic sense'; before it was 'all sentients in the universe'. The way everday language is used offends some sense of due human modesty in you, or something? Maybe it's from thinking that everyday language presupposes a God's eye 'view from nowhere'. Well, I get that, I realize there's no right or wrong out there except inside creatures' brains. If a stranger were to come up and punch you in the face, you wouldn't think it was, uh, wrong? How about if someone killed your girlfriend for the fun of it? Replying "That's fine, you just have different values" wouldn't sound more enlightened, it would insanely brainwashed. >I don't believe those with values different from mine are "wrong, full stop" or "evil, full stop." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNnIGh9g6fA (Apologies if you're joking, but you don't appear to be. Hmm but I'm not sure.) "Consider the fact that in the social sciences, about 18 percent of American professors are communists.." - whoaaa! hehe. Well, that was the most remarkable start to a sentence I've experienced on HN. Allow me to stop there, and examine for a moment how much of a fact that is. Well, more than a moment - I couldn't access "The social and political views of American professors" (2007) on that link, and it's 76pp long. It reports a 2006 survey. I think your "about 18 percent of American [social science] professors are communists" refers to pp40-1 : "Before moving on to consider the substantive attitudes items, we consider three other political identities that professors may hold that would indicate something about their political views: whether they think of themselves as radicals, political activists, and Marxists. We queried respondents on these matters by presenting them with a series of labels - including "radical," "political activist," and "Marxist" - and asking them to indicate how well, on a seven point scale ranging from not at all to extremely well, the labels described them. ...Table 12 shows the percentage of respondents in each broad disciplinary grouping who said these terms described them at least moderately well (giving a score of 4 or higher).." There's a figure of 17.6% given in the table for professors in the "Social sciences" + "Marxist category". So, in a 2006 survey, 17.6% of social science professors said "Marxist" described them moderately well, extremely well, or somewhere in between. I'll leave it there for now, just remarking that it strikes me as rather ironic that the "fact" you asked us to consider came as part of an argument purporting to show someone else's stats were false. I'm not sure of the technical term for what you were doing in your last sentence, but it wasn't pretty either. Edit: I thought my comment was as usual tangential at best to the main story, but on second thoughts maybe this was a small journalistic investigation of exactly the kind hoped for? :-) A small point.. What is called "left-leaning" in the U.S. looks right-leaning to most of the world. [source?] Supporting one (the less far-right one) of the two main business parties gets you called "left-leaning". Supporting health care apparently gets you called a communist! That seemed everyday opinion in the U.S. - it seemed absolute appalling idiocy to the world looking on. Up there with "freedom fries" etc. "The centre" I guess then falls somewhere halfway between a primetime news anchor and their right wing thinktank guest. I get what you say about not insinuating, though I feel the two people who asked so far weren't so much insinuating as actually puzzled, as it genuinely seemed the parent couldn't have read the article and still thought it was an ongoing issue. Everyone? Only estadounidenses. This appears to be an ad. Oh, it's only about job interviews. Sigh. Maybe that should have been obvious to me from the title or URL? I'm fascinated by interviews, but job interviews, not so much. Except this, from my favourite book by a mile about philosophy of art: "Two men meet; one is the applicant for a position, while the other has the disposition of the matter in his hands. The interview may be mechanical, consisting of set questions, the replies to which perfunctorily settle the matter. There is no experience in which the two men meet, nothing that is not a repetition, by way of acceptance or dismissal, of something which has happened a score of times. The situation is disposed of as if it were an exercise in bookkeeping. But an interplay may take place in which a new experience develops. Where should we look for an account of such an experience? Not to ledger-entries nor yet to a treatise on economics or sociology or personnel-psychology, but to drama or fiction. Its nature and import can be expressed only by art, because there is a unity of experience that can be expressed only as an experience. The experience is of material fraught with suspense and moving toward its own consummation through a connected series of varied incidents. The primary emotions on the part of the applicant may be at the beginning hope or despair, and elation or disappointment at the close. These emotions qualify the experience as a unity. But as the interview proceeds, secondary emotions are evolved as variations of the primary underlying one. It is even possible for each attitude and gesture, each sentence, almost every word, to produce more than a fluctuation in the intensity of the basic emotion; to produce, that is, a change of shade and tint in its quality. The employer sees by means of his own emotional reactions the character of the one applying. He projects him imaginatively into the work to be done and judges his fitness by the way in which the elements of the scene assemble and either clash or fit together. The presence and behavior of the applicant either harmonize with his own attitudes and desires or they conflict and jar. Such factors as these, inherently aesthetic in quality, are the forces that carry the varied elements of the interview to a decisive issue. They enter into the settlement of every situation, whatever its dominant nature, in which there are uncertainty and suspense." - John Dewey, Art as Experience "Don't be snarky." "Be civil. Don't say things you wouldn't say face-to-face. Don't be snarky. Comments should get more civil and substantive, not less, as a topic gets more divisive. When disagreeing, please reply to the argument instead of calling names. "That is idiotic; 1 + 1 is 2, not 3" can be shortened to "1 + 1 is 2, not 3." Please respond to the strongest plausible interpretation of what someone says, not a weaker one that's easier to criticize. Assume good faith." Ah sorry, it was a bit random of me pasting that quote. His prose is fairly repellent. To explain a little, he uses "an experience" in a particular way in that book, not in the usual sense. The book was a revelation to me, having read a lot of books about analytic philosophy of music and art, each analysing their own little corner of art/music, me feeling like I understood less after I finished each one. Then suddenly came this book, relating everything to life - he talks about poking a fire, firefighters, a job interview etc and how all the stuff going on in these are the building blocks of art. A section of the book is "The Live Creature" - it's remarkable how many aesthetics books neglect the human/life/planet context of art. "An experience" means something like an aesthetic whole, like the experience of reading a story, watching a movie, hearing a piece of music etc. The chapter's called I believe "Having an Experience". Anyway..after that I stopped feeling the need to read books of philosophy of art/music, as all my questions had been answered. (I'm a musician + artist) Fascinating point. Is "training vs education" a useful pair of terms? Universities used to be for education, now often its assumed they are for training only. (Bachelor of Science in Hotel Management I come across nowadays - in what?! ) I often hear people talk as if education was something that happened to them, then it finished. (Like learning is something you just do in an institution.) I guess training is more like that, teaching knowledge and skills for some particular task/role/job. Well, that's the point - those things, training to do a particular job, are now thought of as 'education'. (2011) Some thoughts on what the word means: It's changed over the years.. in the early 80s, a hacker was a programmer who knew their computer inside out, so they could do anything they wanted, not what they were supposed to be doing. I had a computer with a Z80, and read a series called "The Hacker's Handbook" which featured stuff like inserting little machine language routines into the comments of your BASIC program so you could do whatever you wanted, and very fast. Later I wrote assembler routines, hand-translated them to machine code and inserted them into Turbo Pascal functions. That definitely counted as hacking then.. Reading Kevin Mitnick's books, he could do almost anything programmer-hackers can do, and a lot more besides, just by making a few phone calls, and by knowing a lot about the organizations/systems/codes/protocols/authorizations involved. Sprite of spritesmods.com says "I'm an avid hacker...I enjoy ripping different pieces of hardware apart and using them in a way they weren't meant to use" The popular sense of the word today is more like.. a criminal, breaking laws and stealing from people and organizations with their bash expertise. An utterly impossible task. This video is of no chess interest. The guy lost a piece immediately. I read some of his blog about this. He originally meant to play the "Play Magnus" app, where you can play a simulation of Magnus at various ages, not his fault the real Magnus agreed to play. But it was just a waste of Magnus' time, not showing due respect. The guy's preparation was pretty embarrassing to read. Asking someone who had some idea about chess for advice would have been a good idea. It seems he tried to memorise the openings Magnus had played. Good luck with that, Magnus plays more different openings then anyone. And you will blunder as soon as your memorized lines run out, which is what happened. Just doing tactics training would have been more useful. Reading about some of his other challenges was interesting, but in this one he had no idea, no respect and no chance. I didn't find the title at all confusing. I found the Fowler excerpts wonderful, I've downloaded it to read already. Thanks! But :-) I didn't understand how on earth he could say "Johnson himself was the first to prove that there was little in the way of drudgery in the task of the lexicographer". Does he know how many years of toil it took him? Maybe he just means "It's not a dull book to read", I can't imagine what else. Shouldn't that be "a tad unreadable"? The page you linked to says "Its reputation has not risen over the years, and it is still a long way from general acceptance. Use regardless instead." >Heck, even the "final solution" orders weren't put in signing I believe that's not at all how Hitler operated. He'd vaguely suggest things to his underlings, who would then go off and do something like what they guessed he wanted. Sounds an incredibly up-in-the-air way of doing things. I learnt about that from the excellent series Nazis: A Warning from History . After watching that you won't be in the least surprised there's no paper record of any particular initiative. (So I didn't look at that link.) Hmm "play with over 800,000" doesn't sound at all realistic.. Is that everyone who's ever registered? Also, I used to use Babaschess but lately play in the browser with Jin applet. I think that's been around for many years. Anyway, I love FICS, there's total non-commercialness, a great volunteer spirit, excellent help channel, even a duck channel. Plus I met one of my best friends there. If your app brings more people to FICS, well done. :-) What does have 'intrinsic value'? Things are good for something . >Nobody perceives reality as it actually is. A couple of comments: This sentence has a misleading form. It sounds like "Nobody here has a hat", denying something quite unproblematically possible. But would would it mean to perceive reality 'as it actually is'? The phrase seems confused. Like people who worry about life being meaningless, there's a category error being made somewhere. And the phrase 'reality as it actually is' is but a modern version of the Kantian 'reality as-it-is-in-itself', (of which nothing could be known or said). Some of the problems coming from such language (i.e. most of Idealism and relativism in their various forms) and their history have been entertainingly explored by the philosophers Musgrave[0] and Stove[1]. e.g. "We can eat oysters only insofar as they are brought under the physiological and chemical conditions which are the presuppositions of the possibility of being eaten. Therefore, we cannot eat oysters as they are in themselves." or "We have eyes, therefore we can't see." [0] Alan Musgrave, Idealism and Antirealism http://www.phil-fak.uni-duesseldorf.de/fileadmin/Redaktion/I... [1] Stove's Discovery of the Worst Argument in the World http://web.maths.unsw.edu.au/~jim/worst.html >We directly perceive the objects out there in the world as they are, not a representation of some sort in our heads. My point was that this is a grammatical sentence, but like a christian talking of eternal life, the impossibility and unimaginability of the thing is ignored. That bit about the eyes was a TL;DR and teaser for the linked (very funny) papers, which doesn't mean much without them I guess. It's a spoof/reductio of a kind of argument which has often been used in philosophy, Stove's Gem . Yes sorry, not answering questions. I seem to spend more time questioning questions. They often conceal and smuggle in false assumptions. I go for a smoke :-) But you could walk around the house or block. I get so many good ideas while sitting there smoking for a few minutes, in the backyard gazing into the trees. I think when/if I stop smoking, I'll pick a spot outside to go to and sit for a few minutes. Its pretty amazing, usually the answer to the next problem pops into my head. Probably the vast majority of my good ideas come in those few-minute breaks. At last! hehe I was wondering why no-one mentioned Cython. Did I miss the part where everyone learned why it's not a good idea? For me it's the best of both C and Python worlds. Write a Python program. Compile it as a Cython program. (Already faster, with no changes.) Add C types to the speed-critical parts. (Up to many 100s of times faster than Python) and Dow Jones, HarperCollins, realtor.com etc. In the UK, 20 radio stations and The Times , The Sun and The Sunday Times . In Australia, The Australian , The Daily Telegraph , The Sunday Telegraph and a hundred others. Sad that, it seems, any political comment with a spark of humour on here is voted down. From G.K. Chesterton: "A critic once remonstrated with me saying, with an air of indignant reasonableness, “If you must make jokes, at least you need not make them on such serious subjects.” I replied with a natural simplicity and wonder, “About what other subjects can one make jokes except serious subjects?” It is quite useless to talk about profane jesting. All jesting is in its nature profane, in the sense that it must be the sudden realization that something which thinks itself solemn is not so very solemn after all. ... The thing which is fundamentally and really frivolous is not a careless joke. The thing which is fundamentally and really frivolous is a careless solemnity. If Mr. McCabe really wishes to know what sort of guarantee of reality and solidity is afforded by the mere act of what is called talking seriously, let him spend a happy Sunday in going the round of the pulpits. Or, better still, let him drop in at the House of Commons or the House of Lords. Even Mr. McCabe would admit that these men are solemn — more solemn than I am. And even Mr. McCabe, I think, would admit that these men are frivolous — more frivolous than I am. Why should Mr. McCabe be so eloquent about the danger arising from fantastic and paradoxical writers? Why should he be so ardent in desiring grave and verbose writers? There are not so very many fantastic and paradoxical writers. But there are a gigantic number of grave and verbose writers; and it is by the efforts of the grave and verbose writers that everything that Mr. McCabe detests (and everything that I detest, for that matter) is kept in existence and energy. How can it have come about that a man as intelligent as Mr. McCabe can think that paradox and jesting stop the way? It is solemnity that is stopping the way in every department of modern effort. It is his own favourite “serious methods;” it is his own favourite “momentousness;” it is his own favourite “judgment” which stops the way everywhere." - from Heretics , 1905 https://www.ccel.org/ccel/chesterton/heretics.xvi.html I thought yours a very interesting, worthwhile and thought-provoking comment. I'm puzzled why it's voted down. Maybe too succinct. 3^4 words good, 3^2 words baad? "Don't be snarky. ... Please don't comment about the voting on comments. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading." "Don't be snarky." I was looking into a CS academic who claimed to be widely cited. Mostly it was self-citation, in his own papers. He seemed to be the editor of a journal which published a lot of his own papers citing himself. I couldn't help thinking of that looking at the graph of decreasing uncited papers. Exactemente. It's fairly bizarre that this article didn't mention self-citation, huh. A deepity is “a proposition that seems both important and true—and profound—but that achieves this effect by being ambiguous.” http://www.openculture.com/2013/05/philosopher_daniel_dennet... "Don't be snarky." Thanks. I looked again. Are you referring to that one graph? I couldn't find any mention in the text. Hehe yes, that's the general conclusion. I'm not sure if I should name names. (Ah well) The guy I'm talking about is Azlan Iqbal, a Malaysian CS professor. I know him as the writer of numerous wacky articles on ChessBase (leading chess news site) about his chess+computer studies. People criticize his shoddy work in the comments, and he says, nay, jeers they're not qualified to judge because they didn't read his uni thesis, dont know CS, dont understand his algorithm, etc. Kind of amazing. I guess he can't be an impostor in CS, but most of his published articles are about computers + chess, with the Dunning-Kruger effect in full flight. I guess you have to know a bit about chess to fully realize how inept his stuff is. But just the embarrassing way he attacks all critics in the comments is remarkable. Although the CB readers largely ignore him now. See the stories with most comments to see what I mean. [0] Are there a lot of people like this? Or worse? [0] https://en.chessbase.com/author/azlan-iqbal Well, it's hard to think of anything radically unique. But some memorable things that come to mind: - the way Graham, Knuth & Patashnik's Concrete Mathematics has the students' comments, silly or enlightening, in the margins. Its also very well designed and put together. - I absolutely love the design of Sedgewick & Wayne's Algorithms (4th ed.) The fonts, colour palette, diagrams illustrating algorithms etc, are all miraculously awesome. The next algorithms book I looked at seemed so tedious and incompetent I wanted to complain. - I love raganwald's JavaScript Allongé apart from the pictures. But there are pictures throughout of coffee, coffee machines, coffee bushes etc with coffee-related captions, all totally unrelated to the text, that somehow work, like a breath of fresh air through the book. - Needham's Visual Complex Analysis is a marvel of clarity in word and picture. - Eloquent Javascript (I read the online version[0]) is impressively well-designed. A good mix of covering-the-basics and projects. A clean, simple and beautiful form. [0] http://eloquentjavascript.net/ I'm new here; I was expecting to see a page full of comments addressing your final question, "Where is the outrage about that?" But no-one mentioned it at all! Well, I guess that answers that question. (Although raises a few more.) Wow. Another ever-more-crazy story out of the US. As the page was loading, I first thought the story's title was "Democracy Dies in Darkness" but then realized that's the Washington Post's motto... Hehe OK I'm glad you 'enjoyed' that, glad I mentioned it. Yeah, the non-stop bragging and credentials-showing hehe. Oh you didn't get onto the 'good' parts of the women and chess one. Not sure which was 'best', the cringeingly sexist language or the incredibly inept experiment design... Well, people in the comments (CB comments have never been half so impressive) accurately ripped his work to shreds, not much for me to add. OK, maybe he's somewhat a CS impostor too. :-) It's Dunning-Kruger it its most virulent. Well, it's CB's fault for publishing him there too; people beg them not to, each time they do. I guess no other academics send their stuff there. "Don't be snarky." "Please don't comment about the voting on comments. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading." >Someone had to trade the money that ended up in the billionaire's pocket. Presumably they received something of more value to themselves than the money, otherwise they wouldn't have made the trade. That abstract reasoning seem to miss a lot. Where I live, rent is crazy expensive. Rich people own their own homes. Almost everyone I know rents, giving a lot of money to people who need it less than they do. (I don't even dream of ever owning a house here. A cheap one is >$1m.) It's like a Monopoly game near the end, all the money going one way. So sure, you could say not-being-homeless is 'of more value to themselves than the money' but it would be a weird way of putting it. Ohh thank you, I was wondering what "VC" was. Well, I thought, a perfectly reasonable one. I don't want to know how people who have money got it. (I find 'money' the most boring subject in the world, by some distance.) Perhaps, it seems, you assume everyone wants to know that. Well, maybe everyone you know does. But I found your comment extremely strange at first. ..well, I'm not in the USA - such a mindset seems rather estadounidense. Well, you could not do it, like most people. ..after I wrote that, I remembered I do know something about that. A few years ago, I was arrested and lost my relationship and was made homeless etc when the police believed false allegations about my behaviour, made by my partner's 11-yr old daughter. (Nothing sexual or too terrible, just that I'd done overly threatening things one night, enough to make her feel afraid.) But I still wouldnt record everything. Sometimes in disagreements with my current partner we wish we had recorded the whole argument; that would be very useful. I got to the end and realized I'd been reading Robert Sapolsky. His "Biology of Human Behavior" Stanford lecture course in about 25 parts is on youtube. It's absolutely amazing; he's a great lecturer, articulate, funny, fascinating, a great storyteller about remarkable experiments and legendary scientists. It starts with evolutionary biology/sociobiology and goes down via a dozen levels of explanation ('buckets' he calls them) to brains and genes and how they work, in quite a lot of detail. I couldn't recommend it any more highly. p.s. My girlfriend (very non-sciency) loved it too. "Don't be snarky." "Please don't comment about the voting on comments. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading." Ok.. (I was going to say, I'm new here, but I notice you've hardly commented, in 2 years on here.) So I shouldn't expect people to follow the site guidelines, or ask them to? Edit: Actually, reading the parent again, "The censors still down vote it. Unbelievable." Seems massively snarky. Not sure how you can't see that. These "Oh poor me" mentions of "censors", "HN groupthink" - whatever someone's childish conspiracy-label is for when they dont get their way or everyone doesn't agree with them - are 100% snarky. At best, they carry an assumption of "I'm right here, the innocent persecuted; you're wrong, 'them', the faceless enemy" etc. I guess sometimes there is a difference of opinion about the topic commented on which leads, as here, to disagreement how justified whining/complaining about downvoting is. Which is I guess why there's the simple rule, don't complain about downvoting. From what I can see, the people who complain about it have made false assumptions about why. Their complaints are their outward revenge for the pain of their false beliefs. Nice investigative work there. His wife was conducting what behaviour? They said nothing about that at all. I think you're reading bad motives/deeds into the original description of events. Well, this 'piece' is one chapter of On Liberty (1859). There's a David Stove essay The Columbus Argument [0] (1987) - as always, funny, pungent and well-reasoned - reprinted in his book On Enlightenment , which is full of other taking-the-unfashionable-side-of-the-argument essays. Stove there calls (Virginia Woolf's uncle) J.F. Stephen's Liberty, Equality, Fraternity [1] (1873) the 'best reply' to Mill. [0] https://www.commentarymagazine.com/articles/the-columbus-arg... [1] https://archive.org/details/libertyequality00stepgoog (1859) - On Liberty (of which this is a chapter) was published 1859, not 1869. Well, no, it certainly might, in some circumstances. Just as yelling "FIRE!" in some circumstances might - e.g. yelling something virulently racist while standing between two ethnic groups heatedly confronting each other in the street. Some context for some things Stove says in his essay: He'd just retired because he'd had enough of the craziness at Sydney Uni as Marxist/feminist/post-modernists tried to take over the arts/philosophy departments, which literally split the philosophy department into 2 departments for some years. See James Franklin's The Sydney Philosophy Disturbances [0] and Stove's funny/depressing A Farewell to Arts: Marxism, Semiotics and Feminism (1986) [1] featuring some examples of the kind of prose the new style of philosopher was producing. It starts with the memorable paragraph "THE FACULTY OF Arts at the University of Sydney is a disaster-area, and not of the merely passive kind, like a bombed building, or an area that has been flooded. It is the active kind, like a badly-leaking nuclear reactor, or an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in cattle." He also wrote a book, Popper and After: Four Modern Irrationalists [2], (i.e. Popper, Kuhn, Lakatos, Feyerabend) reprinted as Anything Goes: Origins of the Cult of Scientific Irrationalism , about what he saw as perhaps a similar 20th C crazy free-for-all trend in philosophy of science. [0] http://web.maths.unsw.edu.au/~jim/sydq.html [1] http://gerryonolan.com/public_html/stove/arts.html [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Popper_and_After Well, evidently I don't think it's invalid. Just asserting that doesn't achieve much. I haven't given this a great deal of thought, but it seems the specific emotions are so far irrelevant; what is relevant is whether an action causes harm, or may be predicted to do so/usually does so. In this video[0], economist Richard Wolff talks about all the things he didn't learn studying economics at the US's most prestigious universities, because they were never mentioned. Fascinating talk. Towards the end he talks of a Spanish company run by its workers, which sounds like it has successfully transformed work for those people to something democratic, and, well, something free from what anarchists (and we all..uh 99% of us anyway) want to be free from. It sounds doable to extend that to other areas of life. Watch it! Highly enlightening ...and 'hope you can believe in' isn't that common nowadays. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynbgMKclWWc Maybe if you made your points on here without seeming offensively snarky in your every sentence, you might have more success. "Don't be snarky." Welcome. :-) Another thing.. "3 years after ratification of the 15th Amendment" .. I guess you mean something in the US? I'm not in the USA, Mill wasnt in the US, no-one in the parents of this mentioned the US - why assume..well, not sure what you're assuming, but the talking as if this conversation, topic, site and its users exist entirely in the US seems rather ..strange. It's not just you. Someone else on this very page did the same thing with me today, but in a very snarky way. Maybe this chapter was posted because of something happening in the US, so people in the US are just thinking of their own scene; I don't know. >the group a person identifies with?! I'm glad she said she's a woman first up, it made me much more interested in what she had to say in response. I would take what males said seriously. But a group of males discussing rape etc isn't quite... Anyway - is this hard to understand? Women have a 'different' point of view on the subject, and on a mostly-male site like this, it's useful to know. I'm puzzled by your confusion. Maybe you are female; then it would be easier to understand what you say. I wish you had said up front :-) It just helps understand where people are coming from, their perspective. A man writing about what feminism should be has a different effect to a woman doing it, and naturally/rightly so. Thank you so much for sharing. You are awesome. Amazing and inspiring! thanks. Can you be a bit more specific? What sort of thing do you mean? Maybe name the best ones you found so far. Oh thank you!, I'm glad I complained. :-) "I am not always writing from middle America to San Francisco on this website" hehe - though maybe usually, it's understandable. Yeah, I know that PG essay well - I'm a huge fan of his essays (especially the non-startup/programming ones). Ohh of course - someone else tried to explain for the (U.S.) users why 1869 was so different from 1859 - I must remember tech people mostly live in the 21st C hehe. I seem to have more favourite writers from the 19th C than any other century, and have spent a lot of time living there and getting to know it (e.g. Hazlitt, Emerson, Ruskin, Nietzsche, Wilde, Stevenson, W James, Kierkegaard, Thoreau) I'll have to read Stephen's book again, I read it about 25 years ago. Also, Mill worshipped his wife. I mean really worshipped her. Some of the things he said about her were pretty over-the-top, even for someone madly in love. From memory, didn't they co-write On Liberty ? Maybe he got all his 'advanced' ideas from her. His Autobiography is fascinating. Also, speaking of treatment of women, I can't read about 'experiments in living' without recalling the horrific chapter on Shelley in Paul Johnson's Intellectuals . > rap-funk-metal-folk-electro-bluegrass songs That sounds awesome!! Country and metal do nothing for me, but that genre sounds potentially amazing. If I remember right, Hitler left Germany pretty broken. "Don't be snarky." Go somewhere else if you want to talk with that tone, thanks. Well, I'm using a mac mini from 2005, am looking to upgrade :-) That's the new one, I write orchestral music on a Windows ME IBM from 1999. Hmm.. which common music? I like really fast music (e.g. Coltrane, Charlie Parker) and really slow (Rachmaninov 2nd Symphony, Mahler Adagietto). A good point. One thing: I've studied philosophy quite a lot, and even I don't know, or have forgotten, the meaning of 'etiology'. So I assume there's no chance the person you're responding to knows what it means. It's technical philosophy jargon. 8| More helpful responses: 1. This sounds like a great idea: In trying to do it, you will learn a lot about all the ways it won't work. (It seems to me.) I started writing a program once to understand poetry & jokes. I learned a lot, like just how much humans have to know to understand this stuff. You have to know about everything just to understand one word! Best example I know of this: see the chapter on 'over' in Lakoff's Women, Fire and Dangerous Things . 2. It sounds a bit like - music ! Maybe you could use music for that? Hmm well no. But maybe look at Deryck Cooke's The Language of Music , which is a remarkable attempt to spell out explicitly what the elements/motifs/phrases/melodic units in music are saying. I guess any partially-facial-expression-based language would have a lot in common with that. Hehe I know! Calling it "chutes" is so weird. The wikipedia page is fascinating. I had no idea it's so ancient, or Indian. "The historic version had root in morality lessons, where a player's progression up the board represented a life journey complicated by virtues (ladders) and vices (snakes). ... The most widely known edition of Snakes and Ladders in the United States is Chutes and Ladders released by Milton Bradley in 1943. The playground setting replaced the snakes, which were received negatively by children at the time." (!) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snakes_and_Ladders Well.. 1/2 the famous actors in Hollywood since the 90s seem to be Australian. (I could name dozens.) Which is something.. My gripe is that not only Aussies have to put up with hearing them do fake US accents in movies close to 100% of the time, but whenever there's an Australian in a US movie, they get someone from the US to play them . Arghh. As if there's no Aussie actors there! ha. Maybe they're all too famous. I guess it sounds convincing to a US audience. It must do. But OMG it sounds so fake to Australians. It just sounds like someone from the US trying and failing to do an Aussie accent. e.g. there was one in Fargo series, and it was about the only bad thing about Tropic Thunder . Please don't do this. At this rate, soon there'll be a movie with Australians doing US accents in the starring roles, with supporting cast of US actors trying to sound Australian.. Mark my words. p.s. Is that the first mention of drop bears on HN? Well done :-) https://australianmuseum.net.au/drop-bear Sorry for the irrelevant response but: s/tenant/tenet/ Not just you, I recently read “All information should be free” was a core tenant of the hacker culture at MIT .[0] Don't tell me it's becoming proper English! A tenant is a person who holds lands; a tenet is something held to be true. I didn't realize until learning Spanish that ten and tain in English words means to have/hold ! Their verb 'to have' is tener (Latin: tenere ). Maintain is mantener ; also there's contener, detener, obtener, retener, sostener ... [0] http://ctankersley.com/2017/01/04/the-history-of-open-source... Interesting. Ok, maybe liberal is young peoples' philosophy, conservative is old peoples'. As reflected in the many sayings about how you should be the former before 30 or 40, the latter afterwards. It's not more natural to be young or old - both are natural. From Robert Louis Stevenson: "...the opinions of old men about life have been accepted as final. All sorts of allowances are made for the illusions of youth; and none, or almost none, for the disenchantments of age. It is held to be a good taunt, and somehow or other to clinch the question logically, when an old gentleman waggles his head and says: “Ah, so I thought when I was your age.” It is not thought an answer at all, if the young man retorts: “My venerable sir, so I shall most probably think when I am yours.” Because I have reached Paris, I am not ashamed of having passed through Newhaven and Dieppe. They were very good places to pass through, and I am none the less at my destination. All my old opinions were only stages on the way to the one I now hold, as itself is only a stage on the way to something else. I am no more abashed at having been a red-hot Socialist with a panacea of my own than at having been a sucking infant. Doubtless the world is quite right in a million ways; but you have to be kicked about a little to convince you of the fact. And in the meanwhile you must do something, be something, believe something. It is not possible to keep the mind in a state of accurate balance and blank; and even if you could do so, instead of coming ultimately to the right conclusion, you would be very apt to remain in a state of balance and blank to perpetuity. Even in quite intermediate stages, a dash of enthusiasm is not a thing to be ashamed of in the retrospect: if St. Paul had not been a very zealous Pharisee, he would have been a colder Christian. For my part, I look back to the time when I was a Socialist with something like regret. I have convinced myself (for the moment) that we had better leave these great changes to what we call great blind forces: their blindness being so much more perspicacious than the little, peering, partial eyesight of men. I seem to see that my own scheme would not answer; and all the other schemes I ever heard propounded would depress some elements of goodness just as much as they encouraged others. Now I know that in thus turning Conservative with years, I am going through the normal cycle of change and travelling in the common orbit of men’s opinions. I submit to this, as I would submit to gout or gray hair, as a concomitant of growing age or else of failing animal heat; but I do not acknowledge that it is necessarily a change for the better — I daresay it is deplorably for the worse. I have no choice in the business, and can no more resist this tendency of my mind than I could prevent my body from beginning to totter and decay. ... When the old man waggles his head and says, “Ah, so I thought when I was your age,” he has proved the youth’s case. Doubtless, whether from growth of experience or decline of animal heat, he thinks so no longer; but he thought so while he was young; and all men have thought so while they were young, since there was dew in the morning or hawthorn in May; and here is another young man adding his vote to those of previous generations and rivetting another link to the chain of testimony. It is as natural and as right for a young man to be imprudent and exaggerated, to live in swoops and circles, and beat about his cage like any other wild thing newly captured, as it is for old men to turn gray, or mothers to love their offspring, or heroes to die for something worthier than their lives." http://essays.quotidiana.org/stevenson/crabbed_age_and_youth... Except in rehearsal the conductor has imposed his vision of how things will flow in later performances. Different versions of the same piece from different conductors can sound extremely different, although the sheet music is the same - different tempos, different changes in tempo, different dynamics, phrasing, relative volume of instruments, timbre (quality of sound), different lengths of notes and accents and attack on notes, etc etc, and each composer has their own idiosyncratic ideas and preferences, both about what the composer wanted and what they want the piece to sound like. Sometimes different numbers of players are used. Also the particular way the conductor speaks to the orchestra about the music and the players, and other things, what they say and how they say it, can have a huge effect. "To influence things a bit" is nothing like it. A performance may give that impression, but the nature of the performance in all those details and more has been thought out by the conductor and rehearsed beforehand. The orchestra has been taught and trained in exactly how the conductor likes it, and that's what you hear. (1996) Some of the most memorable/useful/wonderful: Fleck - Genesis and Development of a Scientific Fact Hacking - The Social Construction of What? Felsner - Geometric Graphs and Arrangements xkcd volume 0 Tommy Wonder - The Books of Wonder Elisabeth Lloyd - Science, Politics and Evolution ..and, it's embarrassing to admit it on here :-) but I didn't read Refactoring or Clean Code or Kent Beck until 2017. Better late than never. He told a room full of students that a French curve (that extremely curvy shape used in technical drawing) has the remarkable property that the tangent of the lowest point is always horizontal.. and they all believed him. And do you also have a 'key insight' about what is the right thing to do? Maybe you are just talking about false accusations, but what you said sounded like the words of a sociopath. OK, so to take just one example, say 50 or so Tiananmens died in the latest US appalling invasion/massacre of Iraq. So that was 50x as horrible and unforgiveable, and should 'forever be held against the USA' in the same essentially horrified way? Something comparable happened every few years of the last century. I get the feeling most people reading this will hold more against me for saying this, than against the US for its countless slaughtered 10,000s. Well, I guess it horrifies Americans because they empathetically imagine the US government not killing brown people in other countries by the million, but its own people, and that is scary. Is that what Noam Chomsky seems to believe? That would be stupid and crazy, wouldn't it? Half-witted. OK, thank you for explaining. Sure. :-) Not sure why it wouldn't, looks interesting thanks. Unless you thought I had probably heard more than enough about BTC already?! I didn't really know what 'white paper' meant. "White papers may be considered grey literature."[0] Aah. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_paper Thank you! I watched some of one of her videos, fascinating. I noticed she's spoken at BlackHat conferences.. Isn't that exactly the kind of people her work is supposed to be protecting against? hehe That seemed weird. Uh the point seemed that they knew the theory (of differentiation, tangents, trig etc) but were absolutely helpless in practically applying it. Couldn't relate the theory they had learnt to what they knew of the world, at all. Didn't think 'But the lowest point of ANY curve is horizontal!' Great question. On second thoughts, is there much to say except "Combine the parts you like from existing languages and the new things you want"? And, read stuff about how existing languages were designed. Oh yeah. I read the original question as 'I know about lex/yacc' or their modern equivalents flex/bison.. but I guess not. You can do a lot just with lex/flex, e.g. it's fine for small languages. Probably play around with that before attempting something insanely ambitious. Also, I'm not sure how getting to the first-ever-designed language will help with anything, as you (OP) seem to be trying to do. Probably it's not being aware of lexical analysis (lex family) + parsing (yacc family) . There are some great books on those. Two Soviets who personally prevented nuclear war.[0][1] If these don't sound like 'dumb luck' to you, well... It wasn't 'the parties' that backed down, it was the world's immense luck to have a particular individual being in the right place who didn't follow orders, and didn't go along with the consensus. Why these guys aren't better known, I have no idea. [0] http://time.com/4947492/stanislav-petrov-soviet-officer-nucl... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasili_Arkhipov > I have a hard time believing all of you posting this are actual HN readers and not paid political operatives. I think there's a HN guideline about assuming good faith. Not sure what to say to that. I don't know who 'all of you posting this' means. Me? and who? People write stuff you disagree with, so you find it hard to believe they actually think that? Again, you just mention US internal matters. That wasn't what I was talking about. The US has done its repressing/slaughtering all over the world, at least the last 120 years, not mainly internally, so that's why I talk about that. Americans it seems, as in your comment, prefer ignoring the foreign policy slaughters/bullying/destruction. Well, imagine 9/11 x100 or x1000. No idea what your last paragraph means. Sounds kind of biblical or something. There's no reason to believe the world has, done or will work like that. (Edit) Oh, and I forgot to mention - that 'expensive quagmire' is 'acceptable opinion' seems to me obscene. As if the main problem with (among other things) mass slaughter and killing children with uranium bullets that remain and cause birth defects, is how much money it cost! And it seems a lot of Americans think 58,000 people died in Vietnam; that's the main figure for Vietnam War deaths I see in US media. Not sure what you mean. Are they things you don't want to do? It sounds like it. More info please if you want some answers. Personally, I'm learning multiple skills, I'm doing all of them because they're exactly what I want to do. Trying to be too rational about stuff has never worked for me; I mean, I don't think making a timetable like school and doing each activity for a set time would work for me. I do whichever I feel like at the time. Which country? >I do recognise that the threat of an invasion by an alien super-civilisation is at almost as remote as the threat from an emerging superintelligence Uh.. Is that something one can 'recognise'? (It's a way of writing that begs the question.) Seems to me the threat of the first is not high, to say the least, but who knows. The threat of the second seems very high, well, at least if there are only 'a few nukes' on the planet. Otherwise nukes will get us first. I literally can't imagine 'nukes getting us first' but it does seem likely. What 'incredible claims about his capabilities' did he make? (I came in late.) So whose mouths should we trust and why? (Apart from yours) "Please respond to the strongest plausible interpretation of what someone says, not a weaker one that's easier to criticize." Sorry, I didn't really understand a word of that. Well, your comment seemed a nitpicky objecting-to-everything-they-said, and tiresomely missing the point at every turn. From the initial pedantic "Please distinguish proof and evidence." Do you talk to your friends like that? It's already headmasterish and snarky. It's not clear what you're asking for. But you move on after 5 words to dispatch the next offending sentence, like they're a succession of pesky bad guys in a kung fu movie waiting to be swatted down by our hero. I don't think the comment you were replying to was a model of clarity; the quote is a paraphrase of a paraphrase of an argument in James' The Will To Believe . I'm familiar with that essay (not one of his most impressive) so maybe it was easier for me to hear what they were trying to say. But "WTF?!" etc isn't helpful. ... Objecting to every sentence like that doesn't even begin to address what they were trying to say. Anyway, all of this seems obvious, I think you know this, I'll stop here. Your comment read like you didn't care about what they were trying to say, just to knock them out of the water with any available weapon, which you seem to think you had done. Not the most informative headline. "He has written many books, but this may be his most important." I firmly doubt it. The story is an ad for a book, Deep Thinking , about computer chess, and in it "Kasparov uses his unrivalled experience to look into the future of intelligent machines" something he appears eminently unqualified to do. Karpov said that Kasparov doesn't love chess, he loves himself in chess. That's a bit harsh; he does appear to love chess a lot. But I know what he means. After a while, Garry's endless self-glorification gets very tiresome. Everyone likes talking of themselves I suppose, but Garry takes that to an impressively noxious level. But, like he himself often says, he was probably the greatest player ever, and those qualities were part of his success. If FB suddenly disappeared, I'd lose almost all my good friends and acquaintances. And it would be hard or impossible to find them all again; they're scattered around the globe, mostly FB is the only contact point I've needed/had, dont have their phone, email or address. I should get that info, huh. On FB I almost exclusively just chat with friends. Never used Twitter or wanted to. ps Why would the world fall apart if Google disappeared? It's not obvious to me. Um, what do you mean, 'relative to his compatriots'? Lasker, relative to other Prussians/Poles/Germans?... uh... or Kasparov's? No idea what you could mean, sorry. Peers, maybe. Well, he almost lost to Schlechter, never played Rubinstein etc. Champions didn't have to play matches every couple of years like recently, and they could choose who they played! Anyway, I've never heard anyone claim Lasker was the strongest player ever. Although I'm very fond of his games and books too. :-) Well, outside chess fans, anyone pre-Fischer is 'relatively unknown'...totally unknown, even. The very purpose of corporations - to take money from people and give it to their already rich shareholders - is at odds with the wellbeing of society as a whole. 'Free markets' is something that corporations want only when they know they will win the competition; otherwise they don't want it. The commonly-heard praise of free markets, level playing fields etc is pure cant and hypocrisy. Big companies get bailed out if they ever get in trouble; anyway, their managers can just go to the next management position. Ruthless competition with actual failure is reserved for the average person, the worker, the small business etc. Absolutely, couldn't agree more. Especially with his immodest tone. Well, there seem to be more errors getting through now people seem to rely on basic spell checkers e.g. 'he' and 'lightening' aren't caught. I often see such spelling mistakes in the kind of publications I never used to. I thought they was saying there's a jarring disconnect between bragging about your writing ability in a sloppily-edited essay. I don't think it's hard to understand their point, is it? I think you were being gratuitously pedantic. "Please respond to the strongest plausible interpretation of what someone says, not a weaker one that's easier to criticize." Well, there is Muphry's law.[0] Which I notice you - but hopefully not I :-) - have here fallen afoul of. Although you wrote in defence of bad proofreading; maybe there's another law for that. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muphry%27s_law Hmm I dont know what CDN or ABS are. *wonderfully intertwined :-) 'mah-' is US English, not English :P It's 'mah' in one country. p.s. Seems every day on here I'm reminding people from the US that their country is not the world, their version of English is spoken and spelt in just one country, etc etc etc. Maybe I should give up doing that. The most classic maybe was a linguist (yes, amazing) who on her blog was gloating that her variety of US English was particularly rich, in having almost every vowel sound in English. I looked at her list.. it didn't include the 'o' sound in 'pot'.. Could I slip in a request here for contributions to my Ask of 3 days ago, still on top page, but not many answers yet, What are the best scholarly papers you read in 2017? I'm hoping for some discussion on there. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15991373 Meta-answer: Asking the question that way, you're asking to hear from those that think they 'articulate themselves so well', which may not be those that actually do. Most people, I've noticed, who think they do anything particularly well, don't.[0] I'm far too modest to have a stab at answering. :-) Also, not clear what you mean exactly. In writing? speaking? Two entirely different things. Some can do both, neither, or one of those well. Well, more than two; there are a wide range of forms of both. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect It's something I'm getting used to on here. That attitude. Doesn't surprise me your comment was downvoted. The very word "American" is presumptuous. Imagine if the Chinese referred to themselves as "Asians" and their country as "Asia". I've taken to using estadounidense until something better comes along in English. ..or Spanish becomes the main language in the US :-) Australian English has/had the rather pungent seppo - rhyming slang for septic tank = Yank. But estadounidense is at least accurate. Hehe.. I set my wordpress site to Australian English, but one look at my new edit page with its permanent "G'day" made me change it immediately back to GB-English. Yes, why don't you go ahead and do that. Hi, sorry about the delay. I don't know what you mean, 'he means the phonetic alphabet'. I say the first syllable to rhyme with 'bun'. That's surely fairly standard (non-US) English. It's mysterious to me that that's not one of your alternatives. ..which would be, what? OK thanks :-) Ohhh. I'm sorry everyone. Yes, you're right of course. It didn't occur to me until I tried it that the bu- in bun is bahhh . Goes back to drawing board Ok uh. HN really didn't like this comment. Not sure why; just got downvoted instead of anyone explaining. I thought it was funny and on point. I meant: "Great post. Another one that I hear way too often is go ahead and inserted into phrases, as in Why don't you go ahead and do X as celebrated in Office Space ." But I thought my initial sentence was sufficient. I guess not. Maybe people who actually use the phrase thought I was telling the guy to go back to work? Or.. Ok thank you! I guess I shouldn't have said thanks. It's a low effort comment. Last time I thanked someone for something I was downvoted. > Attempts to add something substantive But who cares about votes. They're only good for..being able to downvote others, aren't they?! But it seems natural for people to care about their points e.g. on Stack Exchange-type sites. It's the pecking order/social standing we have been evolved to be good at computing, I guess. Hard not to care too much about it. Edit: Also, I have a strong sense of humour, I mean in almost everything I write online, which it seems I will have to leave at the door. Total humourlessness seems to be desired and rewarded here. I watched so far the first 7 or 8 lectures on youtube of his linear algebra course. (Which something like a million people have watched) He's such a great lecturer, extremely impressive. So mysteriously good it makes me wonder what it is about them that seem so good. He says somewhere about how he gets a lot of mail thanking him, that people appreciate that he's on their side . It's just done with what the experience is like for the student always in mind. Sounds simple, but there are plenty of lecture/course videos on youtube where that obviously wasn't given a thought. Visual Complex Analysis - Needham. A lot of great pictures, exerything is explained (and shown ) geometrically. Complex differentiation/integration, non-Euclidean geometry, vector fields etc. Mathematics and its History - Stillwell. Wonderfully written. From the ancients to the 20th century, covers the mathematics (in a lot of detail) and lives of major mathematicians (potted bios). Concrete Mathematics - Knuth et al. Discrete maths, number theory, generating functions, covers most of the maths that pops up continually in programming. All You Wanted To Know About Mathematics But Were Afraid To Ask. Mathematics for Science Students 2 Vols. - Louis Lyons. Pretty basic, but covers all the mathematical basics for physics. (1st year uni level I guess) I learned a lot from this years ago, I still consult it as a reference. It's a pleasure to read. Also, all of Hamming's books. Stevenson's Treasure Island has a one-legged West Country pirate with a parrot on his shoulder - Long John Silver. The parrot was taken from Robinson Crusoe . The Arrr apparently dates from the 1930s movie versions. Stevenson wrote: "Treasure Island came out of Kingsley's At Last , where I got the Dead Man's Chest—and that was the seed—and out of the great Captain Johnson's History of the Notorious Pirates ." And Long John Silver was apparently based on his friend W.E. Henley, who had a leg amputated at the knee due to TB. Incidentally, after Lister (the pioneer of modern antiseptic surgery) saved his other foot, Henley wrote the famous poem Invictus , which ends with the lines - I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul. Thanks for link. But the selection seemed very odd. I wondered how they got that list from HN. The site says All links to Amazon, Safaribooks and O'Reilly get extracted once a week from Hacker News posts, make sure they are indeed books and then rank them based on how often they are mentioned and the karma of the user. Ahh. I guess that's it - people don't bother giving Amazon/other links for well-known books. Or sometimes the book has its own website. Also, that site makes money by linking to Amazon. That seems a bit dodgy to me! Hmm is it really that hard to extract book titles that aren't links to Amazon/publishers? C'mon hackers! :-) This seems close to assuming that financial value is ultimately the only value of art. That couldn't be further from the truth. If you're serious (not sure), that would make him arguably the best painter of his time and place. But all time ? Let's hear an argument for that. (I don't say, a good one) You don't seem to have heard of any value except monetary. (OK, maybe that's not fair/likely, but you sure talk like it.) I guess it's (just?) a confusion in the word 'value'. The way you are talking of the value of art in money terms is.. well... People who love art don't talk like that. Do you speak of love, life, health etc in similar terms? Oh anyway. It's pretty amazing to me to hear such views in person. I mean, scary, horrific, chilling. It only happened to me once in my life before this thread. I think...you have been brainwashed to think that all value is (or can be put) in terms of money. Is it possible to be happy while thinking like that? ..There are a thousand things I could say to that, not sure where to start. (Unfortunately I've learnt quickly in my brief time here that discussion on HN with those of different views is very counterproductive. It has been so far anyway.) Ohh! Thank you! :-) So kind of you. Is this meant to be a ShowHN? It's appearing in AskHN.. Not sure what you're Asking. I think you're overlooking that you type at over 100wpm. (So of course typespeed isn't your bottleneck.) >Meanwhile you don't see the US trying to topple Sweden, Norway, Finland, Denmark, Japan, France, etc. because of their quasi Socialist tendencies. The list of the countries the US did topple or try to topple in the 20th C because of their "quasi Socialist" (or democratic) tendencies runs into the dozens. The stories are sickening. "While there are no freestanding foreign bases permanently located in the United States, there are now around 800 US bases in foreign countries. Seventy years after World War II and 62 years after the Korean War, there are still 174 US “base sites” in Germany, 113 in Japan, and 83 in South Korea, according to the Pentagon. Hundreds more dot the planet in around 80 countries, including Aruba and Australia, Bahrain and Bulgaria, Colombia, Kenya, and Qatar, among many other places. Although few Americans realize it, the United States likely has more bases in foreign lands than any other people, nation, or empire in history."[0] 'The US plays very little role in the affairs of most nations.' Really? So GTFO, for god's sake. Who are these people "trying to blame the US for all poverty and crime in Latin America", "all political chaos in Africa"? Your claims seem to me a good example of 'taking it to absurd extremes'. [0] https://www.thenation.com/article/the-united-states-probably... Interesting, thanks. Kind of bizarre though how Mem and the writer seem to inhabit a world in which Australia doesn't have dreadful offshore detention centres for would-be-immigrants. Maybe write a blog post about this and make it a HN article? I doubt whining like this in an AskHN will be very effective. There's a lot in what you say. Not crazy at all. They only looked awful for about 10 seconds hehe. But sure, using them to help show the meaning is a good idea. I've recently learnt to write a = b*c + d, spacing assisting clarity. Carry on, I support you in your chosen mission. What's sexist about what she wrote? (let alone 'extremely'?) I'm having trouble seeing it. Also, you could have just said "any proposition" instead. Instead you get to passively-aggressively say her claims were nonsense, without saying so. That's how it seemed to me anyway. Not sure if you're serious. So if you believe that, why haven't you already killed yourself? That would be the best you could do, right? Unless you have some plan to 'take out' others besides you. But I can't believe you really believe that. Well, here's the portugues version, found on google scholar: http://www.academia.edu/download/46197082/BIOTEMAS_2008.pdf I find I can get most papers on: http://libgen.io/scimag/index.php I think sci-hub tries to acquire papers which are unsuccessfully requested, not sure how long that might take. Maybe have a short holiday, breather, time-out Doreen? I've been a great admirer of your contributions to this site. But here in this thread an increasingly large fraction of all your posts are taken up with questionable accusations of bad behaviour in those you are talking with. Half of which seem to describe your own behaviour (or commmon human behaviour) as well or better than that of your opponent. It's hard to be sympathetic, with your jumping to high-strung, hypersensitive accusations of bad faith etc. The topics are areas of little knowledge and high uncertainty and perhaps strong emotions, by which it's easy to be blinded. Also from this and your AskHN about your websites, you are starting to sound sadly like you feel uniquely ignored and ridiculed... And you said you want to stop being someone who cares. Don't ever do that! Well, I'm sure you won't. Best wishes. (Sorry if I put words in your mouth or sound condescending etc. I could see both sides of this..discussion, and I hope these words aren't a total waste of time or worse.) [no comments? I'll say something..] What about the effect on people without depression? It seems most human societies have incorporated hallucinogenics in an official way, part of spirituality or rites-of-passage or medicine etc. When that stopped in our culture I'm not sure. [Facts and figures welcome.] Personally, mushrooms are the best thing I've ever done. (Half a dozen times, in my 20s) Similar to LSD. Similar to religious enlightenment. Similar to... hmm well. It's difficult to say anything that seems like it captures even 0.1% of the experience. It's like your brain can think 10000x faster, and also sideways, indexing items and memories by emotional content, meaning, in a way it couldn't before. And the flood of thoughts, images, emotions, can become so vivid and real that it seems real. Time disappears. You can experience in a minute what seems like it must have taken many hours ..But the experience isn't one thing, it's a thousand things. I recommend it to everyone, especially with experienced/good friends to guide you the first time. Makes sense and sounds absolutely fine. Graphite is the colour of a dark and stormy night. Yes. You should make sure the pig enjoys it too. But seriously.. this question, on HN?! I get a figure of $3000 instead of what you wrote. But I think you wanted to make the amount seem pathetic. Not sure why. Yes :-) I was trying really hard not to say something negative. But the guy's calculations appear to be out by a factor of 100, was my point. Welcome. + I'm as scared of downvotes as the next guy :-) The word 'dîner' also meant breakfast! Wiktionary says: dîner, From Old French disner, from Vulgar Latin *disiūnāre, from disieiūnāre, disjejūnāre (“to break the fast”) Well gee, he seemed to fit the world better than most people do. Whatever that means. But he seems to have met a lot of inspiring people, people he could work with, found important stuff to do etc. More than most people do in a life time, much more. Are these videos the concert you mean? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwxhf4UXLvM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlP_9HRi78Q https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvtbiHYa-LI Yes. Well, not even that - "NASA plucked the second and clearest of the photos".. I was just looking at colour pics of the whole Earth from 1967[0], I think they were the first. [0] http://library.ssec.wisc.edu/spinscan/about.php for discussion/debate? Unfortunately the word has largely Hegelian and/or Marxist connotations nowadays doesn't it? Anyway, with (Plato's) Socrates, dialectic doesn't seem to have been two people candidly searching for the truth either - usually it was Socrates expertly pretending to do that, while actually showing some expert just how much he didn't know about his chosen subject. For me, dialectic and derived words mean Hegelian dialectic. That's 99.99% where I've heard the words used. Well, if the front page was filled with articles of any one particular type/subject, I wouldn't still read HN. The diversity, such as it is, is part of the attraction. (Anyway, I'd way rather not have endless BTC articles than NYT articles.) Although [disclosure] I didn't actually read the article. How many people do that regularly on here? Often I figure the discussion here is more interesting, more worth my time, more intellectual-curiosity-gratifying, ranging over more associated topics and questions, than the original article. Plus the top-voted comment, as here, often offers a TL;DR. It's true about the olive oil! I left some in a glass in the fridge recently, and it solidied to a soft translucent yellow the consistency of moderately soft butter, perfectly spreadable. Why it isn't more of a thing I have no idea. ohh I didn't even notice I was replying to you . :-) p.s. You said you've done a lot of blogging - where can I find that online? Excellent point. Also, who cares if someone is 'a great guitar player' in the sense of mere technical virtuosity. Youtube is full of guitarist videos with GREATEST and !!!! in the titles, a million notes a minute, sound and fury signifying nothing. Your comment reminded me of Hendrix - most if not all of what he did seems to fit under 'stuff found by messing around on a guitar, moving chords/bass notes around, experimenting with sounds', mostly with no 'theoretical base' whatever except for developing what sounded good, what was fun to explore. In a word, playing . Personal note: Someone played me Radiohead a few years ago for a while, I'd never heard them before. I remember thinking - I can see why this would sound amazing/mindblowing to someone who'd never heard anything but mainstream/charts/popular/etc rock. Like someone who'd only seen Hollywood movies discovering the whole world of movie-making for the first time. (I'm into jazz, classical, funk, reggae, indian classical etc etc) Aha thanks. (Well, nothing can be removed from the web - still accessible via the WaybackMachine...) Have you read Steven Pressfield's Nobody Wants To Read Your Shit ? An entertaining read. Maybe will help you take it less personally that no-one seems to want to read/hear you. >>There's a mantra that real writers know but wannabe writers don’t. And the secret phrase is this: NOBODY WANTS TO READ YOUR SH*T. Recognizing this painful truth is the first step in the writer's transformation from amateur to professional. “When you understand that nobody wants to read your shit, you develop empathy. You acquire the skill that is indispensable to all artists and entrepreneurs—the ability to switch back and forth in your imagination from your own point of view as writer/painter/seller to the point of view of your reader/gallery-goer/customer. You learn to ask yourself with every sentence and every phrase: Is this interesting? Is it fun or challenging or inventive? Am I giving the reader enough? Is she bored? Is she following where I want to lead her?" "I spent a lot of years hoping that if I did something good for other people, it would come back to me somehow. I am currently realizing this was a really naïve idea" To me, it doesn't sound naive enough! Sounds selfish.. Isn't knowing you are doing good for people enough? Isn't that something coming back to you? I've noticed a similar thing in people who say they believe "what goes around, comes around" as a reason for being a good person, without noticing that, well, it isn't really ethical behaviour then, it's an indirect way of being selfish. Christianity is infected with a similar thing re getting to heaven. edit: ohh, also I guess I assumed you are new on here (like me), I see you are very far from that. I can't see how what you wrote answered the question in any way, or even attempted to. (p.s. I do sympathize with what you wrote about political discussion on here.) "Don't be snarky." (to snarfy) So you gave up science and searching for truth, for manipulating people/lying to them (I guess by "telling people what they want to hear" you don't mean the truth ) and self-promotion? Sigh. More to be gained? What's more important in life, what you give or what you get? We make a living by what we get, but a life by what we give. Sounds like some kind of category mistake, or a few. Science isn't as totally impossible as you make out. Evidently. It sounds a little like the crises ex-christians have about the world, dizzying and demoralizing themselves with similar grandiose dramatics. (existentialists, Bergman etc) That biochemistry crisis sounds like a Zeno's paradox, stultifying oneself with the abyss of the infinite. "There was no way he could ever know which theory was right" - isn't that absurd exaggeration? But sure, I guess you mean, you realized a life of science wouldn't perhaps be a wonderful bountiful one, but a hard, thankless one, maybe ending in total failure. But why blame science or philosophy if science doesn't guarantee you a pleasant life? Or to be beloved. Well, maybe it's only for the cantankerous few, those mountain goats crazy enough to love the solitary labour (in science, philosophy, mathematics etc) for its own sake. And it's good to realize such a life wasn't for you. In the sequel Lila (although not sure if recommending Pirsig to people is a good idea) there's a lot against academic anthropology, but even more presenting what he evidently sees as objectively how the world works , (societies, cultures, people) what could be called sociology I guess. And it's very interesting and insightful stuff. Ok sorry about that ramble. To this day, my whole philosophy totters after an hour’s sympathetic conversation with total strangers: it seems so foolish to me to wish to be right at the price of love, and not be able to communicate what one considers most valuable lest one destroy the sympathy. – Nietzsche, letter to Gast, 1880 What's so really interesting about it? Well, what other term would be so readily understood by people? Also, I guess with LSD/mushrooms there's usually a lot going on , and you can either go with it or try to resist. Going with it is advisable, but it can get scary - e.g. horrific death/maggot/slime-based imagery. You have to trust in the experience, which is so huge the self disappears. I guess a similar thing happens in everyday life, but not so unmistakably. A similar thing came up for me when writing orchestral music - I quickly learnt just to be a tool for the music, to follow the flow, never to impose my ideas "I want this to happen here/next" - that never worked; just to write down what I heard in my head. I guess a lot of pursuits are like that. PYRRHONISM, n. An ancient philosophy, named for its inventor. It consisted of an absolute disbelief in everything but Pyrrhonism. Its modern professors have added that. – Ambrose Bierce, Devil’s Dictionary But the question was about personal growth. Bad luck more usually triggers/catalyzes personal growth, doesn't it? Makes you think, reassess.. So maybe it's luck to have so much bad luck. (Read the stories of the wisest, greatest, most.. personally-grown - the most embiggened - they've had more than their share of bad luck.) Sounds basically like Benjamin Franklin's method, detailed in his autobiography. He ruled up a page with all the virtues he wanted to see in himself down the left side, days along the top, and putting a black spot for each virtue he'd lapsed in that day. No idea what you meant by that sorry. And now there's that other meaning..something about metrosexuals with beards or something. But either way, not clear to me at all what you could mean. So nice to see a pro-RMS-vibe comment. So rare nowadays, sadly. Yes, verbatim is distinctly broken sometimes. edit: It's not tedious for me on my browser, just click Verbatim on the LHS of page. (Can select that or All results ) Well, Princess Diana was #3. So the whole thing's pretty moronic and irrelevant. Still, I guess everyone has their own idea what great means. >notes that may considered to be dissonant in classical music are in many cases acceptable in jazz It sounds like you're assuming Mozart vs Coltrane or something. Stockhausen vs Lester Young and it's entirely the other way round. >Jazz music pushes harmonic dissonance a lot farther than "classical" does Not sure why you say that. Except you're imagining Mozart vs free jazz or something. Both musics have pushed dissonance pretty much all the way. By "a simple fifth" do you mean e.g. the note G in the key of C major? (depends what harmony exactly) or C and G played together with no harmony, or.. And when you say a simple fifth is "dissonant", do you mean it's dissonant, or "dissonant" (i.e. not dissonant)? So, theoretically dissonant, but not really? I once lived with someone who listened to no 15 (I think it was) of Messiaen's 20 Glimpses of the Infant Jesus constantly. It's very slow, nothing but super-weird chords. After a few minutes there's a major triad, which sounds sooo weird, like a super-weird chord. So.. that makes "the perception of dissonance isn't musical, it's cultural" not sound exactly right either. It demands resolution? In what way? Like what? You need to hear a root note after it? >It doesn't sound wrong to hear tritones Like in a G7 chord? >or stacked fourths The jazz originators of this called it a Ravel voicing. Well, they don't use the word jazz. It's Manfred Eicher's German label. Keith Jarrett, for example, has released dozens (100+, I imagine) of recordings on ECM. You don't like the sound of saxophones? Wow. Well, everyone has their own sound on saxophone, 'the sound of saxophones' doesn't mean much. Not sure why you think trumpet is vastly easier to get a beautiful sound from than saxophone. That's silly. The importance of melody over tone? Wow, never heard of that. All you say sounds like you are judging jazz by classical (I imagine) criteria, and of course it doesn't do well. Miles playing piano on Sid's Ahead .[0] Sounds good too! Very hip. And there's this insanity[1]. The first time I heard it I thought "OMG who's the organist? That's amazing!!"[1] All keyboards on that are Miles I believe. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPZaVUvRpcs [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrjFtbGKqFk Robert Louis Stevenson essays (again) GK Chesterton Orthodoxy (again) (Tries not be be snarky) You didn't respond to any of my points. Why don't you start playing trumpet, see for yourself how 'easy to get to sound nice' trumpet is. Everything you say seems wrong to me, except when you say what you like. >half of them were specialized in jazz for at least two years, the other half were classically trained Two years only? Uh..wtf. I didn't read the original paper, but that sounds ridiculous. Why not compare them with people who'd been playing, nay, specializing in, classical for 'at least two years'. Oh, because that would be ridiculous. >I'm going to assume this is a good-faith argument and not a "bury them in BS" reply That reads so snarkily. You announce that what the other guy wrote sounds like a lot of BS, or you strongly suspect it is (why mention that otherwise) but you will very generously act as though it's not. It's good to assume good faith, not so good to announce it like that. Comments aren't so good - now you have 2 things to change when the program changes. In the real world, often the comment won't be updated and will become actively misleading/wrong/bad. Well, it doesn't sound reasonable to me. 2 years sounds like 'pretty much total beginner' level. No-one will be a good jazz player after so little time, and I doubt their brains would be those of jazz musicians with decades of experience either. Nice to at last read someone making sense on this page. :-) Ok, but 1 child prodigy learning in 3 years (?) hardly disproves my point. Also, I don't believe in "proper training". I believe in learning from the recordings of the greats, and from playing music with people. Sounds like that's how Joey Alexander learnt[0]. I believe that, like many things, jazz can be learnt but not taught. Someone trained in some system will sound like the music equivalent of the academic artist - expert at following someone else's rules, but nowhere as an artist. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joey_Alexander edit: Most people who go to Berklee are already pretty good when they get there, aren't they? Hardly starting from scratch. Really - what's that got to do with anything?! I don't see any connection between the two halves of that sentence. Except I guess it's true for you. Are you assuming only rich people do that, or only interested in rich programmers? (Whatever 'rich' means exactly. Whatever definition you have in mind, I mean.) Traffic jams, 9-to-5 job.. I'm not sure what those have to do with the topic at all. Yes, the 10,000 hours thing doesn't include every possible human (in)activity, no-one thinks it does. Could you give an improved version of the sentence, if able? Thanks. edit: Could the downvoter explain why? Thanks. Thanks very much to responders. Even though I watched Sapolsky's amazing Biology of Human Behavior course (a few years ago), I wouldn't have been able to correct the sentence myself. I was initially unsure whose was the 'cynical worldview', yours or the person you were responding to. I found your initial comment breathtaking. 'For anyone reading this with an open mind' - well, anyone could write that before any comment. It's a code phrase - people who agree with you are defined as having an open mind, etc? If not then, oh, you have a closed mind. I've heard that one before. Nice work if you can get it. You talked past the person you responded to like they weren't a person at all. You are just 'excited' 'we' can treat maladapted close-mindeds like them? I can see nothing loving in that, nor healthy in your initial comment. Maybe we both (mis)understood it; I thought you must have been joking, but it seems not. >What's the distinction between 'hearing voices' and just thinking internally to yourself? When you hear voices, it's just that, you can hear them. It's almost impossible to believe they aren't real, because they sound real. They have that quality of a real sound that nothing imagined ever has, for most people. And everything in our lives has taught us to trust our senses. If you're crossing a road, if you see/hear no cars coming, you trust that with your life. If you see a car, you trust that. Imagine if one day you couldn't trust that? I think why auditory hallucinations are particularly misleading/noxious is that with visual hallucinations, like seeing a car when there's none there, the hallucination is there in one spot. With hearing, there's no one spot to focus on - we can't pinpoint and look at the spot in the way we can with sight. So then the mind tries to make sense of the voices, to be rational about them, taking into account every imaginable hypothesis (except not, unfortunately, that they aren't real)..which gets ever-more-complicated and soon is a 24-hour-a-day job. Ever-more-complicated conspiracy theories have to be built. e.g. I thought people were watching with hidden video cameras in my bedroom - how else to explain what they knew. Unfortunately my voices were all negative! After a year or two I starting taking pills which immediately stopped the voices and I returned from sleepless, shaking, total falling-apart madness to living in the real world. Sometimes after that I'd faintly hear things and wasn't sure if I was hearing them or imagining them. But now I know that 'heard' voices probably aren't real, so they don't have that power, don't escalate. I guess it's like seeing ghosts. Put a ghost-believer in a scary place at night, they will see/feel something , panic, then probably see/hear a lot more stuff. A sceptic won't get agitated like that. So I guess I learnt to be a 'voice sceptic'. Because it's very difficult and unnatural not to believe what your senses tell you in plain daylight. I have an old browser, but still: I entered my website, got a blank screen with just this: {"status":"error","message":"We cannot access this page"} So I thought, "ah, must add www. I guess". Did so and got this: {"status":"success","message":"Sitecheck started"} Aand..that was it. It seems you're presenting 'what a critic is' as if it's the definition, not presumably what it is - one of a large number of different/competing ideas of what critics are/should be. E.g. (spends 2 seconds googling) Wikipedia says "art criticism, which is concerned with establishing a relative artistic value upon individual works with respect to others of comparable style, or sanctioning an entire style or movement from the standpoint of its history and of its major scholars." - ok, not authoritative, but at least establishing that a view/understanding contrary to yours is widespread: criticism is centrally concerned with whether the piece is good or bad. And the sentences on reviewers seems resentful, even angry. But I'll give you a Thumbs Up :-) (2005) it seems from the comments on that page. Gee, now vegans are the bad guys? Too many to mention. A list of books I've read more times than any others - many times each: SARK's first 4-5 books, Robert Fulghum's books, Emerson's essays, Hazlitt's essays, Bertrand Russell's essays (e.g. Sceptical Essays , Unpopular Essays ), GK Chesterton's essays and his book Heretics , Nietzsche's books, William James' essays, RL Stevenson's essays, La Rochefoucauld's Maxims , La Bruyere's Characters , Kurt Vonnegut's The Sirens of Titan , Ben Zander's The Art of Possibility ... Sounds right out of Gödel, Escher, Bach : Achilles : I see the dilemma now. If any record player—say Record Player X—is sufficiently high-fidelity, then when it attempts to play the song "I Cannot Be Played on Record Player X", it will create just those vibrations which cause it to break...So it fails to be Perfect. And yet, the only way to get around that trickery, namely for Record Player X to be of lower fidelity, even more directly ensures that it is not Perfect. It seems that every record player is vulnerable to one or the other of those frailties, and hence all record players are defective. (p77) How on earth do you read that as endorsing unregulated markets in the face of state interference? (I'm very much no expert) Thanks. So it seems you don't read that particular quote as endorsing unregulated markets in the face of state interference. It sounded like you did, thus my surprise. Also, people in the 18th C from the same trade having a meeting, is so far from what we imagine by "unregulated markets" that..well, two things could scarcely be more different. edit: Oh, you added your snarky first sentence. That's not an improvement. No.."Chaos theory has taught us" that it would take an infinite amount of information to precisely-enough specify 'state'. It came up recently that that second site, and other similar ones, scrape only books in links to Amazon, sometimes other sellers. And the sites showing these lists are usually affiliated with Amazon, e.g. hackernewsbooks says: "The website is sustained via referrals from Amazon book links. ... All links to Amazon, Safaribooks and O'Reilly get extracted once a week from Hacker News posts, make sure they are indeed books and then rank them based on how often they are mentioned and the karma of the user" >Does any of this have any value? What's 'this'? The programming you've done? Q. What programming have you done? What have you spent 20 years doing? or you mean, all the programming all programmers have done? Wow. You are getting downvoted for stating the obvious. Reason 1. People enjoy smoking. I'm not sure how people can manage to say stuff like absolutely nothing positive . It's like those lists of the effects of marijuana that list no positive effects whatsoever. Fairly obviously, no-one would smoke if it had no positive effects. There's a kind of moral crusade blindness common to phenomena like this. People can say evidently false things like 'There is absolutely nothing positive about cigarettes'. Because the end message is one they approve of, thinking is somehow blocked in the absolutist zeal. Well, I don't think that's clarifying so much as saying something different. So you don't include pleasure in your list of positive things? That's..odd. "Apart from it feeling good, there's nothing good about experience X" can probably be applied to most things in life. Sex. Music. Art. Ice cream. etc. The question is, why would you want to exclude pleasure? "What I enjoy and what you enjoy are probably different sets." Well, of course people each enjoy different things, but how that's relevant to your point I'm not sure. I recently heard Doug Crockford saying a similar thing, that smoking has nothing positive about it, with evident pleasure, in his talk on programming, the brain and the gut; "Programming Style and Your Brain", I think it was. It was startling - an obviously intelligent guy suddenly saying something entirely baseless and evidently false. edit: Downvoters, could you explain why? Thanks. Ah ok. In your comments on this page, you are mostly talking about your own lack of satisfaction in programming as a career. Maybe that's infecting your feeling about the whole computery enterprise. Personally, I've been an amateur programmer for 35+ years, I've always loved it. I read about stuff, then write a program to do it, and experiment with my own ideas, from fractals to neural nets, anything. I started a computer science degree once, so I could get programming work I guess. But I went to a programmer friend's place of work - he was working on the accounts software for some company - and it was all so awfully depressing I quit my course. Maybe most programmers' work is like that, I don't know. Sure it's possible. At the same time, that degree of calmness and kindness sound virtually like super-powers - very advanced stuff. Not many people at all could do that. Probably you'd have to also deal with a lot of your personal shit to not be triggered in those situations. I know I'm not so advanced as that. I got a lot from a wide range of self-help books. e.g. early Wayne Dyer, SARK; psychological books, e.g. New Guide to Rational Living ; spiritual books e.g. new age, hindu, sufi, xtian, buddhism of various kinds.. Too many to name, and everyone needs something different - I just took what was helpful from a wide range of stuff. Since you seem to know the kind of things you want to improve in, maybe Ben Franklin's method would work (it sounds not very different from the catholic "examination of conscience" written about on this page) : rule up a page with a grid, with the virtues/habits to want to see in yourself down the side, the days along the top. Then at the end of each day, you put a black spot at each virtue/habit you've lapsed in that day. Patience with yourself is vital, loving yourself - treating yourself like you would someone you really love. (I used to say awful things to myself in a way I'd never talk to another person).. Good luck! I get the feeling you're already better at this stuff than most people. Ok thanks. :-) Probably no-one has ever thought that everyone enjoys exactly the same things. It's like if you're arguing with someone and the other person says "2+2=4" apparently to support their argument, it would just make you wonder what their argument is, that they bring in 2+2=4 as supporting evidence. It's still puzzling why bring that in, but it seems you have an unusual idea of subjective/objective, as the other commenter has pointed out. But I don't think that's the main issue here.. Trying to understand how people can say "there's nothing good/positive about smoking" : It seems that - as very often happens in philosophy - there is an equivocation[0]. In one sense, the statement is false (the one I hear, and the guy who said it's a silly thing to say): There's absolutely nothing positive about smoking (including the smoker's pleasure) and the other is true but trivial (the one you said you meant when you clarified) : There's absolutely nothing positive about smoking (not including the smoker's pleasure) - apart from the smoker's enjoyment, there's nothing good about smoking. But (like ice cream) what are these other good things supposed to be? They are done for enjoyment. You (and Crockford in that video) say it like it's a hard-hitting substantive thing to say, bemused at how it's not generally admitted. I think it seems so because of this equivocation. [0] "an informal fallacy resulting from the use of a particular word/expression in multiple senses throughout an argument leading to a false conclusion" - wikip. So it sounds like you just read his wikipedia page? I hadn't heard about his diaries; thanks for that, will read. I don't know what your "miserable" adds except "should be lynched". This letter[0] from someone who knew him shows quite another side to that story. I can't resist giving some samples of his remarkably vivid, acute and funny prose. A lot of his best stuff was written as newspaper editorials in the 1910s-1930s - incomparably better than any editorial you'll see nowadays. (Some of his best is collected in the Prejudices and Selected Prejudices series.) "[The Declaration of Independence, a] piece of platitudinous poetry comparable to “The Psalm of Life” or Hamlet’s soliloquy, has seized such a powerful hold upon the imagination of the world’s largest civilized nation that it corrupts and conditions the whole of the national thinking. … So potent among us is a mere string of sonorous phrases, a piece of windy flapdoodle, a rhapsody almost empty of intelligible meaning, and probably composed under the influence of ethyl alcohol. And yet, as I say, it is more powerful than a million swords. It looms larger than the massive fact of Gettysburg. It is worth more than the whole Civil War. The man who loosed it upon posterity has left it a vaster heritage than the man who invented baseball." – Smart Set , Critics of More or Less Badness, Nov 1914 "The most dangerous man, to any government, is the man who is able to think things out for himself, without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane and intolerable, and so, if he is romantic, he tries to change it." – Observations on Government "A man’s women folk, whatever their outward show of respect for his merit and authority, always regard him secretly as an ass, and with something akin to pity. His most gaudy sayings and doings seldom deceive them; they see the actual man within, and know him for a shallow and pathetic fellow. In this fact, perhaps, lies one of the best proofs of feminine intelligence, or, as the common phrase makes it, feminine intuition. The marks of that so-called intuition are simply a sharp and accurate perception of reality, a habitual immunity to emotional enchantment, a relentless capacity for distinguishing clearly between the appearance and the substance. The appearance, in the normal family circle, is a hero, a magnifico, a demi-god. The substance is a poor mountebank. … Neither sex, without some fertilization of the complementary characters of the other, is capable of the highest reaches of human endeavor. Man, without a saving touch of woman in him, is too doltish, too naive and romantic, too easily deluded and lulled to sleep by his imagination to be anything above a cavalryman, a theologian, or a corporation director. And woman, without some trace of that divine innocence which is masculine, is too harshly the realist for those vast projections of the fancy which lie at the heart of what we call genius. The wholly manly man lacks the wit necessary to give objective form to his soaring and secret dreams, and the wholly womanly woman is apt to be too cynical a creature to dream at all." "I have said that 95 per cent. of married men are faithful. I believe the real proportion is nearer 99 per cent. What women mistake for infidelity is usually no more than vanity. Every man likes to be regarded as a devil of a fellow, and particularly by his wife. On the one hand, it diverts her attention from his more genuine shortcomings, and on the other hand it increases her respect for him. Moreover, it gives her a chance to win the sympathy of other women, and so satisfies that craving for martyrdom which is perhaps woman’s strongest characteristic. A woman who never has any chance to suspect her husband feels cheated and humiliated. She is in the position of those patriots who are induced to enlist for a war by pictures of cavalry charges, and then find themselves told off to wash the general’s underwear." - Damn! The most disgusting cad in the world is the man who, on grounds of decorum and morality, avoids the game of love. He is one who puts his own ease and security above the most laudable of philanthropies. Women have a hard time of it in this world. They are oppressed by man-made laws, man-made social customs, masculine egoism, the delusion of masculine superiority. Their one comfort is the assurance that, even though it may be impossible to prevail against man, it is always possible to enslave and torture a man. – Notes on a Tender Theme , 2 "Man’s natural instinct, in fact, is never toward what is sound and true; it is toward what is specious and false. Let any great nation of modern times be confronted by two conflicting propositions, the one grounded upon the utmost probability and reasonableness and the other upon the most glaring error, and it will almost invariably embrace the latter. It is so in politics, which consists wholly of a succession of unintelligent crazes, many of them so idiotic that they exist only as battle-cries and shibboleths and are not reducible to logical statement at all. It is so in religion, which, like poetry, is simply a concerted effort to deny the most obvious realities. It is so in nearly every field of thought. The ideas that conquer the race most rapidly and arouse the wildest enthusiasm and are held most tenaciously are precisely the ideas that are most insane. This has been true since the first “advanced” gorilla put on underwear, cultivated a frown and began his first lecture tour in the first chautauqua, and it will be so until the high gods, tired of the farce at last, obliterate the race with one great, final blast of fire, mustard gas and streptococci. No doubt the imagination of man is to blame for this singular weakness. That imagination, I daresay, is what gave him his first lift above his fellow primates. It enabled him to visualize a condition of existence better than that he was experiencing, and bit by bit he was able to give the picture a certain crude reality. Even to-day he keeps on going ahead in the same manner. That is, he thinks of something that he would like to be or to get, something appreciably better than what he is or has, and then, by the laborious, costly method of trial and error, he gradually moves toward it. In the process he is often severely punished for his discontent with God’s ordinances. He mashes his thumb, he skins his shin; he stumbles and falls; the prize he reaches out for blows up in his hands. But bit by bit he moves on, or, at all events, his heirs and assigns move on. Bit by bit he smooths the path beneath his remaining leg, and achieves pretty toys for his remaining hand to play with, and accumulates delights for his remaining ear and eye. Alas, he is not content with this slow and sanguinary progress! Always he looks further and further ahead. Always he imagines things just over the sky-line. This body of imaginings constitutes his stock of sweet beliefs, his corpus of high faiths and confidences – in brief, his burden of errors. And that burden of errors is what distinguishes man, even above his capacity for tears, his talents as a liar, his excessive hypocrisy and poltroonery, from all the other orders of mammalia. Man is the yokel par excellence, the booby unmatchable, the king dupe of the cosmos. He is chronically and unescapably deceived, not only by the other animals and by the delusive face of nature herself, but also and more particularly by himself – by his incomparable talent for searching out and embracing what is false, and for overlooking and denying what is true." – Meditation on Meditation, Prejudices: Third Series , 1922 "Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under." [0] http://www.nytimes.com/1990/02/04/books/l-the-diary-of-h-l-m... I learnt a lot from the article Modern JavaScript Explained For Dinosaurs [0] (featured on HN recently), which explains the history of developments from vanilla JS to 2017, "a historical context of how JavaScript tools have evolved to what they are today". I thought it was brilliant at making sense of the jungle you describe. I'm pretty sure it will remove the dread. [0] https://medium.com/the-node-js-collection/modern-javascript-... >"Theodore Sturgeon, who once observed, “It can be argued that 90% of film, literature, consumer goods, etc. is crap.” The “It can be argued” part usually isn’t quoted, and the figure is very ballpark." Actually it sounds like the author wasn't critical enough. They believed wikipedia. Strange. But I remembered reading about this recently, that Sturgeon used the word "crud", not crap. The rest is pasted from wikiquote: "I repeat Sturgeon's Revelation, which was wrung out of me after twenty years of wearying defense of science fiction against attacks of people who used the worst examples of the field for ammunition, and whose conclusion was that ninety percent of it is crud. The Revelation: Ninety percent of everything is crud. Corollary 1: The existence of immense quantities of trash in science fiction is admitted and it is regrettable; but it is no more unnatural than the existence of trash anywhere. Corollary 2: The best science fiction is as good as the best fiction in any field. - Venture Science Fiction (March 1958) The original expression of this has often been declared to have been "Sure, ninety percent of science fiction is crud. That's because ninety percent of everything is crud." According to Philip Klass Sturgeon made the remark during a talk at New York University around 1951. It has also commonly appeared in variant forms such as "Ninety percent of everything is crap" and is often referred to as "Sturgeon's Law" — though he himself gave that title to another phrase: Sturgeon's Law originally was "Nothing is always absolutely so." The other thing was known as "Sturgeon's Revelation". Download link for the original paper: http://libgen.io/scimag/ads.php?doi=10.1016%2Fj.envint.2017.... For me, the most surprising bit was in the Conflicts of interest section: "Professor Hawkey [from the Institution of Microbiology and Infection, University of Birmingham] reports grants and personal fees from Eumedica, grants and personal fees from Pfizer, personal fees from Merck, personal fees from Novartis, personal fees from Magus Communications, personal fees from Bio Merieux, personal fees from Wyth, from Becton Dickinson, personal fees from Novacta, personal fees from Novolytics, outside the submitted work." Wow, I'm in the wrong business. /s If I remember correctly, he was writing in US newspapers in favour of the US accepting Jewish refuguees from Nazi Germany before anyone. That initially wasn't popular. "A volume"? The very first book on Nietzsche published in English, no less, I believe. (1907) I read it, it's very good. He says in several places (to paraphrase) "This idea of Nietzsche's is absolutely insane." - something no scholar of Nietzsche comes within a mile of doing nowadays. Your whole post sounds like a third-hand report. Have you read his writings on American democracy? He couldn't be more scathing about the people who in fact do rule. "It was Americans who invented the curious doctrine that there is a body of doctrine in every department of thought that every good citizen is in duty bound to accept and cherish; it was Americans who invented the right-thinker. … In the face of this singular passion for conformity, this dread of novelty and originality, it is obvious that the man of vigorous mind and stout convictions is gradually shouldered out of public life. He may slide into office once or twice, but soon or late he is bound to be held up, examined and incontinently kicked out. This leaves the field to the intellectual jelly-fish and inner tubes." – Mencken, Baltimore Evening Sun , 26/7/1920 Incidentally, have you read Anti-Christ ? I doubt it. It's not "the Anti-Christ" (i.e. the devil) but Anti-Christ (i.e. something written against, arguing against Jesus) - which it's not, actually. I don't think it says a single word against Jesus, of whom Nietzsche seems very fond - it's against the church and priests and their corruption of the original christian message. I thought it made a lot of sense. (As do all of Nietzsche's books - well ok, parts of Ecce Homo sound loony) Reading you again.. you're explaining Mencken's supposed racism by that he was a Nietzschean? Hmm. I don't see the connection. Oh, is it a Nazi-Nietzsche connection? Well, read Nietzsche - no trace of racism. He was embarrassed by German nationalism, never said anything positive about it or Germany, was far fonder of French writers, was more likely to say something against Germans than against Jews. And he thought Emerson was the greatest writer of the 19th C - about whom the worst Nietzsche could say was that he was too influenced by German thought. Actually Emerson wrote a lot of Nietzsche-sounding anti-democratic-sounding stuff, a lot more than Nietzsche did. Nietzsche wasn't very political at all, hardly wrote about it. edit: Could downvoters please explain why? thank you. Well, what is the reason for that? Why not say what it is? Thanks. I don't think that's the problem! It's (as noted in many online articles) the last 2/3 of every game is the richest person getting more and more so, until too long later they win. Kind of a drag for everyone else. (p.s. I play it by the rules.) Couldn't you equally say that about games where everybody plays until the end after some arbitrary time limit is reached? Like uh football (of all kinds), basketball etc etc etc - most games/sports. Wish I'd noticed before that about 90% of the sentences I quoted at the top are crap! They got the name right and the number.. apart from that, nothing. Ok sorry, initially I got the impression you were just repeating what you had read other people say about Mencken. And there was the unfortunate way you said it was a shame that comment was downvoted, the kind of crude, unsubstantiated, vitriolic one-liner always voted down on here, hate/poison in place of thought. Addressing your first comment, I'm not sure what exactly it means by saying that Mencken's "personal interpretation was focused especially" on something, it's a vague expression. Perhaps it was, but claiming to be "pointing it out" is begging the question. I don't think I've heard of the Weekly Standard, so that any particular thing is published in it or not isn't surprising to me. Why it isn't surprising to you, went without saying. As did why my saying Nietzsche that was fond of Jesus was odd. I didn't say that anyway, I said he "seems" (i.e. seems to me) "very fond of Jesus". Like I said, one might expect the book to be filled with criticism of Jesus, but I don't recall a single thing against Jesus in the entire book. It's all about the perversion of Jesus' teachings by priests and the church. But it's been maybe 10 years since I last read it, I could be wrong about that. Also where to read about racism in Nietzsche went without saying. There's people saying every possible thing about Nietzsche on the internet, perhaps you could have given a link or 2, instead of being so condescending. I haven't read that Sheldon Wolin book, will have a look at it tomorrow, thanks. But I think claiming anything is a "balanced interpretation" of anything is odd, naïve rather; I don't know what that could mean except you agree with it. Also I don't know what you mean exactly by saying Mencken's racism is complementary to/with his Nietzscheanism. Less vague hinting and assuming, more spelling things out explicitly, would be great, thanks. Thanks for the info, it's a topic I know very little about. I'm totally in the dark what your one-word response is meant to mean though; I can think of several possible meanings, but no idea which you intended, if any. I found this online in a couple of googlings: As Gore Vidal noted, “Mencken was one of the first journalists to denounce the persecution of Jews in Germany at a time when the New York Times, say, was notoriously reticent.” While the Nazis were taking over vast portions of Europe, Mencken took FDR to task for his refusal to accept Jewish refugees into the U.S. It seems odd, to me, that a hardened anti-Semite would say “There is only one way to help the fugitives, and that is to find places for them in a country in which they can really live. Why shouldn’t the United States take in a couple hundred thousand of them, or even all of them?” In 1938, he blasted the hypocrisy of the countries attending the international Evian conference for their failure to open their doors to refugee Jews. Well, that's a glib remark if I've ever heard one. "Whataboutism" - so that's.. said to people who tiresomely derail discussion of seriously wrongdoing with their pat diagnosis and dismiss the original topic as naive. Unfortunately you have done that same thing by using the word. I get why it's useful to have a name for the phenomenon, but there's nothing commendable about the way you used it, it came across sounding like a jerk who thinks they're superior. And made me wonder about what you "want to tell us". edit: Could the downvoters explain why? Thanks. I tried to say something substantive, I thought successfully. (joosters, I totally agree) Well, my FB isn't polluted by news. I don't know why people talk as if they're forced to look at their news feeds, I hardly ever do. I use it for chatting with friends around the world, looking at their pics sometimes, making friends. Ah, some are blindly hysterical, thankfully others understand . That's a remarkably question-begging and arrogant way of writing. Opinion masquerading very unsuccessfully as fact. Lots of great suggestions on this page already. Asking this was a good idea. :-) What field are you talking? It depends. Ideas about/for what kinds of thing? Well, 'to sway (something) for the worst' is an idiom I've never heard, I get what they mean but I don't think it's grammatical, 'for the worse' would sound slightly better but still not good. OMG I can't believe you're downvoted for saying that, more than the person you were responding to! Americans you are nuts. Last political-related comment I ever make on here, if I can help it. Sick of seeing and getting downvotes for stating the bleeding obvious. Aphorisms are good for that! I don't have a phone, but e.g. I've been reading The Art of Worldly Wisdom (17th C Spanish book) as a toilet book for a year or more, it's wonderful. I have a tiny book version, maybe 6x4x1cm. It's all in little sections of a half-dozen lines, great for reading 20 seconds or a couple of minutes at a time. An e-version would be great too I guess. So much wisdom in that book. Also other aphorists - La Rochefoucauld, La Bruyere, Lichtenberg etc. La Rochefoucauld is savagely dark and funny about you (yes, you); La Bruyere similar but sunnier, fairer; Lichtenberg's kind of like an 18th C hacker writing - a scientist/mathematician writing his little thoughts about everything. Almost all of Nietzsche's writing is in aphorisms or short paragraphs, he'd be great for that. I find him endlessly fascinating on a thousand subjects, and very funny too. "On-Topic: Anything that good hackers would find interesting. ..anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity." I can't see how stories purely about money/shares etc fit this. (But I didn't read the story; why would I.) Well, you can either live controlled by your fears, obeying them, or stand up to them 'like a boss' and overcome them one-by-one. No different to other unjust, unfair would-be-controllers in life - bullies, bad parents, bad political systems, sociopathic acquaintances etc etc. Cowering helplessly vs 'standing up' to the problem. Saying no! takes courage, but there can be no self-respect without it. I'm not sure why this is puzzling for you; maybe you are imagining important/useful fears like a pedestrian's fear of being hit by a car. I don't remember hearing the "pick the harder solution" version before. But Bob Brown (inspirational Australian environmentalist/politician) said "...if ever you are faced with two options, choose the most adventurous." - which makes a lot of sense to me, and maybe is what they meant. Just doing the harder option for no particular reason doesn't make a lot of sense. >"There is a great deal of money to be made by those who diagnose and treat our fears of inadequacy; Cederström and Spicer estimate that the self-improvement industry takes in ten billion dollars a year." That seemed a strange sentence, so I read the article; still seemed as strange. Not sure what you'd have to believe to be able to write that. If I write— "There is a great deal of money to be made by those who diagnose and treat our fears of inadequacy; the medical industry takes in ten billion dollars a year." —hopefully the incoherence is more obvious. It seems the original was ridicule dressed up as science. I guess I could perceive that because I bought quite a few self-help-type books of various kinds, and got a lot from them; they helped me immeasurably. I'm not really a course/group kind of guy, but I did one 2-week course that was amazing. I don't think any of it was due to my "fears of inadequacy". It was more my wanting to learn about myself/humans, to overcome problems I had from childhood, to be happier, to have better relationships; stuff like that. And I think I've achieved all that. :-D (Well, it's a neverending journey..) "Most overrated" - means that you've heard from a lot of people who liked it a lot more than you, got a lot out of it. I read a lot of movie user reviews on IMDb, and often people rant angrily about incredibly overrated movies, with the impression they're saying something about the movie and not about themselves. Maybe they feel smarter or better than the people who liked it. As if not being able to appreciate something is a virtue. Anyway, why try to stop people reading a book millions have learnt something from? Damn you! Geez, I downloaded 31 books yesterday from these lists. :-) As if I didn't already have a huge backlog from other book mentions on HN... So much great stuff. Minor comment: >It is easy to despair as Wittgenstein did, that science and all philosophies are ultimately closed systems of circular truths. That doesn't seem at all right to me. Apart from the question of which Wittgenstein you're talking about (early, later, possibly mid), I don't think he despaired about either of these things. He seems to have felt that philosophy consists of nothing but various confusions—hardly what our sentence claims—of which it was his and philosophy's job to clear up once and for all and leave behind. But he spent his life vigorously working away at many of them. Often happily and very productively. What despair he felt I think had other sources; he had a very strong ethical/mystical (for want of a better word) sense; also frustration at his own and others' lack of ability to think better. Involving science in that sentence makes no sense at all to me. He was involved with the Vienna Circle logical positivists, hardly despairers about science. Later he often advised his philosophy students to give up philosophy and do something useful to society, like medicine or labouring work, anything. I don't remember any negativity towards science from him, except reminders that some questions aren't scientific questions. What's AR? Maybe write that in the title. > The anti-Americanism that's rife here is a bit ridiculous Well—here's the other side of that—I frequently get thoroughly sick of the US parochialism, ignorance of history, denial of basic realities etc "that's rife here". Well, people swallowing whole the shiny story the US mass media seems to paint about the US' role in the world in the last 130 years is a large part of it I guess. Not the first time I've read on here about someone sick of "the US being presented as the cause of all that is wrong in the world." But I don't think anyone says that. You could have chopped out a page of your comment, the many lines of ridicule, as advised in the guidelines. Well, I can hardly advise you to stick to your point in a comment as off-topic as this. :-) But I thought your complaint needed counterbalancing. There are people who avoid meat/dairy for their own benefit. Because they have allergies to it, or have heard eating meat is unhealthy etc. There are others who avoid them for the animals' benefit, to avoid animal suffering. Because there is no rationale for treating humans' lives as of infinite value, and animals as mere meat machines, fish as just 'stock' for humans etc—except that we are humans and they're not. That naturally extends to avoiding use of other animal 'products' besides food. Racism and slavery are other phenomena in which an 'out-group' is treated as not worthy of ethical consideration, as not really mattering, just because they're defined as 'not us'. In these situations, there's a similar difference of opinion in just who the life forms whose lives and suffering matter in the situation are. And if you're brought up in a racist or slave-owning tradition, you (at best) resent the hell out of anyone suggesting you that you are unethical, inconsiderate for being that way. How dare they! Who do they think they are, thinking they're better than me! etc. It will one day seem very odd that nowadays if you abuse and kill a dog or cat you can go to jail; abuse and kill a million chickens or cows and you can be a millionaire. To return to the point, I've come across both ethical vegetarians and dietary vegetarians (to perhaps coin phrases); some tried going vegan but it didn't work for them; some think avoiding meat is doing enough, it being quite hard to avoid all dairy when eating out. But there are many variations. A lot of people seem to avoid meat, but not fish, even calling themselves vegetarian. I'm kind of 'lazy vegan', I try to never eat/use/buy animal products, without going nuts about it—always trying to ascertain that what I eat from cafes or friends is totally vegan would be a huge pain, for myself and others. "To me it's X" "It's not X" - do you not see that here, you seem (ironically) the one deficient in seeing the other guy's point of view? At least, I read him as saying "It seems X to me", which is not something you can disagree/argue with—I think he began "To me.." to avoid that kind of criticism, by stating an indisputable fact. That said, I mostly agree with both of you. But my casting vote says - yup, 1000% insane hehe. That would seem pretty crazy to me if I witnessed that. (Disclosure: vegan for decades, would never buy anything leather) Speaking personally (vegan here), that's a good question. Well, vegans tend to be people who think for themselves; there's not one thing vegans think on that or any subject. I was once in the position of having a couple of sausages on my plate at a wedding, that I knew would be thrown out if I didn't eat them, and I was hungry, so I ate them. The person I was with couldn't believe it, as it seemed to go against my professed veganism. But as eating them didn't add to animal suffering, and they'd otherwise be wasted, it wasn't a conflict for me. I don't think I'd eat them now, as I haven't eaten meat for uh 25+ years. (And never once missed it, surprisingly) So, sure, I think for vegans generally, animal suffering is the issue, and if somehow that wasn't a factor, the issue is then something like yours would be if you were hungry and came across a person that died accidentally. (See the movie Alive 1993 or read the book) disclosure: Both my gf and I have shirts saying EATING PEOPLE IS WRONG , featuring the Goya painting of Cronus eating one of his sons. Wow, that's amazing to me. Maybe you are very young. But I wonder what kind of people are in your life. Although it depends what you mean 'genuinely'; maybe you rule out most apologies with that, e.g. "Sorry" for bumping into someone, inadvertently not giving them what they wanted, and other similar everyday apologies. (I do live with someone who hasn't learnt to apologize, in the way you describe. It often seems incomprehensibly inconsiderate.) Sure, I understand. But a comment saying just "I learnt nothing from that book." wouldn't be worth posting on here, not substantive. People talking about overratedness sound like they're on a mission to right a wrong. I appreciated your change of tack; originally I had sentences in my previous comment saying your first sentence read like you wrote it before you read the book, and your third like you wrote it after, but I deleted them. :-) It is fascinating though how the most common subject in lists like this on here seems to be How to Win Friends and people saying it's great, other people saying it's overrated, not worth reading. Another thing I learnt from those movie reviews was that someone writing about why they love something is usually far more worth reading—is for much better reasons, says more about the thing—than someone not liking it, which often depends on arbitrary personal factors - not being advanced enough to appreciate it, being too advanced, feeling misled by the advertising or word-of-mouth, preferring or being used to a different style etc That's a great idea. I really loved Eloquent JavaScript online version, a forum would make it even better. xD Well played, sir. You give your dog electric shocks?? So maybe use them on people then? Sounds like a great alternative to a life of prison. But seriously, why wouldn't you, if you think it's good doing it to dogs? edit: (can't reply yet) I was going to ask if you'd do it to your children. I guess you're joking. Maybe people do that, I've no idea, I hadn't heard of giving pets electric shocks. But I don't see a huge difference between doing that to dogs and to people, maybe you do. "It’s the stuff of prehistoric nightmares. Eight legs. Fangs. And a whip-like tail. ...Its remains were found imprisoned in amber, as if Mother Nature herself tried to lock this tiny terror away from the rest of the world." Gee, is that bad writing or what? Sounds like crap tv, not the NYT. :P Ive recently been reading Ian Hacking's The Social Construction of What? which is a serious yet very entertaining analysis of all those Social Construction of X books and ideas. And probably much more worth reading than any of them. haha same here. And Uri Geller, Lyall Watson's Supernature etc. Later, Findhorn stuff and the nuttier New Age stuff. Later, Adorno. Downvoter, you should be doing better things with your life. True, I didn't think of tasers. I think the idea of giving your own loved ones (human or animal) shocks is a different thing though...isn't it? Downvoters to my previous comment, could you explain why? thanks. No I didn't! Does it work? Now I'm ashamed I immediately asked that. "Would you want it used on you?" sounds like a better question, applying to the taser and dog examples also. I'd answer no, maybe others would say yes. Hehehe well.. I guess that's the point of Alive . It's sometimes the thing to do. Depends how hungry you are. If the alternative's dying, most people would. For some societies, e.g. Eskimo, being vegetarian would be impossible, while in ours, eating meat or animal products is totally unnecessary for almost everyone. And does a lot of harm to the environment. It seems sensible to me. (It's a huge subject but:) I think he's referring to the well-known paradox where aiming directly for happiness doesn't work; instead going for meaningful goals that will give satisfaction does. Asking "Am I happy?" constantly stops you being so. etc. >"Your mission" is simply a placeholder for what you believe will make you happy. Simply ?! Well no. Even without that, it doesn't seem right. I think I know what you meant, (like I think you know what he meant) but the two aren't always equivalent. Some people have important and unattainable goals that they know won't make them happy. Or doing your duty, like taking care of sick family etc. More to do with meaning than happiness. It sounds like you would argue no-one can do anything but what they believe will make them happy. And Socrates and Kierkegaard etc realized that often in life we would regret either of two choices. The grass is always greener, and feeling regret doesn't mean the other choice would have been better. (e.g. To marry or not) I have a kind of philosophical dictionary called Talking Philosophy (written by an Australian) which says that when a philosopher at Oxford disagrees with another they say "Quite. But at the same time..", while in Sydney they say "Bullshit!" >"The study found approximately 793 gigagrams, or more than 15 million gallons, of mercury is frozen in northern permafrost soil. That is roughly 10 times the amount of all human-caused mercury emissions over the last 30 years, based on emissions estimates from 2016. >The study also found all frozen and unfrozen soil in northern permafrost regions contains a combined 1,656 gigagrams of mercury, making it the largest known reservoir of mercury on the planet. This pool houses nearly twice as much mercury as soils outside of the northern permafrost region, the ocean and the atmosphere combined. Gigagram? Never heard that one before.. uh a billion (US) grams? So.. a million kilos..a thousand tonnes..a kilotonne. or 1,656 gigagrams = 1.656 million tonnes, I think. (Weird that the imperial unit is gallons, a measure of volume I thought) This doesn't sound good. Also I'm surprised that human mercury emissions in the last 30 years were so high. Since the late 80s..sheesh. Thank you for this question. Sorry to maybe be off topic.. Gee, almost every day, or multiple times a day, I read mention of Stoicism (usually M Aurelius, occasionally Seneca) on HN. And almost never any other type of philosophy (in the wisdom of life sense).. I guess Ayn Rand a few times. I wonder why that is. It's surprising because I don't think I came across anything about Stoicism more than once every year or two before I came on here. Hehe thanks, yeah. I meant US billion (10^9 not 10^12). I'm not saying 'gigagram' isn't valid, just I'd never heard it used before so had no sense how big it is. Amounts that big are usually talked about in millions or billions of tonnes or something like that. (1 tonne = 1000kg) Hmm this is harder than I thought, USA doesn't have the "o" sound in "tonne" either, hehe—it rhymes with "pot" for non-US speakers of English, 'on' with a 't' in front. I found it..interesting that this very story isn't tagged as being about programming in the pic. (disclosure: Gödel, Escher, Bach was the first book I really loved.) No-one uses milligram?! hehe uh.. Maybe that was a typo. What do you call that amount? Also, 'liter' is used only in the US I believe. You guys just won't play with the other children, huh. :-) edit: ah ok sorry NamTaf. Get some sleep! Sure. .. Into The Wild was just the guy being a spoiled ignorant delusional dick, I thought, really not impressive. Jungle was far better. You almost persuaded me the guy in 127 Hours ate his arm off the first time I read that haha. (Um he didn't, did he?!) Am writing this in case you didn't see Dersu Uzala (the Kurosawa version), one of my very favourite movies. The world before cities was a different world, like you say. Incidentally, it's my theory that Yoda is taken from Dersu. (As Star Wars is a remake of Hidden Fortress ) >"As anyone who went through sixth grade and spent a few minutes giggling in front of a dictionary probably knows, a------ is in there, and so is b----, and c---, and even d---. Merriam-Webster takes a breather at the letter e but picks up steam again with f--- and never looks back." If even an adult news site in the US censors words like this, this story is no great surprise. It's always amazed me that apparently in the US, kids/teens watching people get slaughtered by the hundred in movies every day seems perfectly fine to all concerned, but OMG no human bodies, or even words describing them, allowed. Well, didn't the US start as Puritan colonies? (Don't think they were too into murder though.) And I guess the Bible's like that - smiting and mass destruction is holy work, but you'll need that fig leaf. Thanks. I didn't mean "so much" compared to stories about BTC or Uber or Facebook.. :-) Well, this originated as my similar off-topic comment on an AskHN today about..what to do about cryptocurrency losses[0], after someone advised Stoicism. (I thought it would be better as an AskHN.) Yesterday Marcus Aurelius was mentioned a few times in the AskHN on books you wished you read earlier, and many more times (+ Seneca once) in some older AskHNs linked to on that page. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16309263 >The title is completely false. No idea why you claimed that. What is completely false is your claim, by the sound of it. Did the title claim anything about properties other than strength? No. I think you may have meant "The title is misleading (although literally true)" or something. edit: Would downvoters care to explain why? Thanks. >This was considered an important thing for the product. Backwards compatibility used to be the norm for most stuff, didn't it? In the 80s/90s. You didn't need to get a new computer every few years. Now if there's a problem, the solution is easy - "Buy a new computer/phone/iPad." hehe I don't think so, not in the (wisdom) philosophy classics department anyway. I get the strong impression it's that they've read nothing in the field but Marcus Aurelius and perhaps Ayn Rand. (Which is pretty sad.) I just wondered, why Marcus Aurelius and not one of the many dozens of other classics that it might have been instead. I guess it's close to what Hackers™ believe anyway. And well, Machiavelli isn't about one's individual philosophy of/outlook on life. (Maybe his comedies are, haven't read them.) If you want ruthless, I've seen some Sun Tzu, not to mention Rand. I find Aurelius rather bleak and..dusty. (I don't recall ever seeing Taoism or Laotzu mentioned on here, but I'm pretty new.) Sorry, what can be explained? Why you came here, or why they got like that? Which ideology is being pushed? (I dont know /.) I don't really believe in that biased/unbiased thing. 'Unbiased' I think means you agree with them, with their 'bias' if you use that word. Same with 'objective'. In fields as unscientific as politics anyway. And any time anyone speaks, they speak with their own personal 'bias', don't they? Hopefully anyway. That was wonderful, thank you. In my (very basic) mathematical travels, VI Arnold, like Conway and Thurston, is a name that keeps popping up everywhere. Yes, liter or litre is used across the world. 'Liter' is used only in the US I believe. Far as I know (not far), 'tonne' (1000kg) /ton/ is metric and 'ton' (not 1000kg) /tun/ is imperial. Does an 'exagram' mean anything to you? Doesn't to me. Those weights are meaningless in that format, except to geologists I suppose. (Please no-one explain to me what 'exa-' means, I don't mean that!) Anyway, it says the median is 43±30ng/g, the mean 62±35ng/g. Why wouldn't they use the mean in the main results? That's what I imagine would give the 'concentration of mercury', the average (mean) concentration. Reading the method, it's a huge guesstimate in a dozen ways, even much further than I would have thought. Guess that's how they get 13-73ng/g. I wonder how they have any confidence in the error range. That heading gives someone who doesn't already know, absolutely no clue what it is or why they should click on it. William James' essay The Energies of Men has some remarkable stories of endurance, and bodily transformations under extreme circumstances, in it. https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/The_Energies_of_Men Thanks. Well, I've heard of the language Julia, but didn't connect the title with it as it sounded like a person, robot or something.. Mm sounds good. Is it as fast as, say, C? I don't know what 'suivi' means. I was just saying, I didn't know what it means. If they're trying to attract new people to it, that title seems a bad choice to me. It seems only insiders understand it. Unfortunately "Julia Lang" sounds to me like a name. It was confusing. Just trying to help. Hehe no. It said "Julia Lang v0.7" but I'm not insider enough to think of Julia the language when I read that. I wondered "Who is Julia Lang? Hmm must be some software?" etc Ok thanks. Lately been using Cython with its near-C speed and Python convenience. Just quickly had a look at Julia wiki page, seems like a fast Python, is that fair? Sorry, I didn't understand any of those sentences. Inverting the first 2 into positive form would be better: maybe "Pay attention to your dreams" or "Listen to your dreams". I'm not finding the second one so easy to invert... Thank you! :-D Such a great answer, wish I could +100 that. I guess the problem is with the name Julia, which is lovely but you have to specify that you mean the language—no-one ever mistakes what "C++" refers to. haha funny, but I doubt that's it. Why's that, do a lot of guys in tech have boyfriends? Thanks, interesting. Well, I'm pretty new here too. Maybe you offended some /. people, ya think?! Why name names like that. You sounded very bitter. Anyway, you can edit a comment to ask the downvoters why they did so. I find it annoying sometimes not to know why. But I'd say that's why. No-one wants to read that kind of angry rant on here. Ohh, you mean, can be explained by your stoic principles. Gotcha. I'm always amused when I hear people in the US talk about "radical left-wing", and calling anything left of far-right, "communist". I guess I don't think they know what left or left-wing means. That stuff you decribe sounds more like "stupid" or "ignorant" than any particular left/right thing. Hmm well, using those bad-faith labels ("virtue-signaling", "victimhood narratives") might be satisfying, but no-one thinks they're doing that, (like people never think they're being unfair, unjust etc) so I imagine it would make further dialogue impossible. You don't win just by having a label for something. But yeah, I've seen appalling videos of the kind of thing you're talking about. I was once called 'sexist' (by a girlfriend! ha) for saying men and women are different - that men have penises, women have vaginas. It was confusion acquired from confused post-modern university arts lecturers, I think. But yeah, it has gotten pretty stupid. Well, there have always been stupid thought fads like that. HL Mencken is good on keeping perspective, not letting that bug you too much. Even scientists usually come to an experiment/survey with some hypothesis about how things will turn out, which is why they're doing it. Sure, we try to be more accurate, have better information, not let our baggage cloud our perception, but I think this 'unbiased' person is a myth and unattainable, and not very useful to aim for. To be 'expert' in anything, in the sense that is possible in our lives, is to be biased. (I see why I have a problem with the very word 'biased' - it takes for granted that 'unbiased' is a real thing.) “It is only about things that do not interest one, that one can give a really unbiased opinion; and this is no doubt the reason why an unbiased opinion is always valueless.” - Oscar Wilde Actually that quote's worth giving in context. From The Critic as Artist : Ernest: Well, I should say that a critic should above all things be fair. Gilbert: Ah! not fair. A critic cannot be fair in the ordinary sense of the word. It is only about things that do not interest one that one can give a really unbiased opinion, which is no doubt the reason why an unbiased opinion is always absolutely valueless. The man who sees both sides of a question, is a man who sees absolutely nothing at all. Art is a passion, and, in matters of art, Thought is inevitably coloured by emotion, and so is fluid rather than fixed, and, depending upon fine moods and exquisite moments, cannot be narrowed into the rigidity of a scientific formula or a theological dogma. It is to the soul that Art speaks, and the soul may be made the prisoner of the mind as well as of the body. One should, of course, have no prejudices; but, as a great Frenchman remarked a hundred years ago, it is one's business in such matters to have preferences, and when one has preferences one ceases to be fair. It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of Art. I don't know if you thought you meant me, but I didn't at all get mad or upset, not in the slightest, (your capitals make it seem like you did though) no idea why you got that impression. Maybe I got downvoted so much because people thought I was. I just thought the title could have gotten a lot more clicks if more informative. Gee, the whole point was, I didn't know it was about the language called Julia. I needed a more informative title to decide whether to click. I thought I was contributing, being helpful to the author, giving free marketing focus group feedback, by letting people know that as an outsider, the title told me nothing. I've no idea why that's so hard for people to understand. I was told that for HN regulars, the title wasn't confusing, so I guess in future I won't comment in similar situations, no good comes of it. edit: Well, I did end up learning quite a bit about Julia - which sounds awesome - and got the best answer I ever got on here, which it seems others benefited from too, so that was good. :-) That one starts unusually ornately. But that's such a classic sentence: To crown the whole pleasant catalogue, I was worn to a shadow by a constant diarrhœa, and consumed as much opium as would have done credit to my father-in-law. Not bad for the 1907 Philosophical Review . My favourites are On a Certain Blindness in Human Beings (which led me to Stevenson, who's an even greater essayist) and its sequel What Makes a Life Significant? , but there are many great ones. The Ph D Octopus , The Moral Equivalent of War , etc etc or the very funny one On Some Hegelisms about when on nitrous oxide he recognized it as the key to Hegel's thought. And his book on religious experience, textbook on the principles of psychology, and other books are still well worth reading and very enjoyable reads. Well, they do got https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lang_Lang Ohh right, thank you for explaining. Hmm but e.g. a lot of new websites dont work on any available browser on my computer. The problem is so many new sites need a new computer to work properly—as if they're only tested by people with new computers—not that new computers have a problem with old sites. Maybe I should, uh, buy a new computer. :-) But I figure there are as many people using computers as old as mine, as using brand new ones, maybe not. But I've realized there are two kinds of backwards compatibility, thanks. late edit: Could downvoters please explain why? Thanks. Ah, such as? I assume it's litre in France, I think it's litro in Spanish.. Don't know what all those things are, no, but I know what to expect. With this I had no idea but wished I did. Not notable? Luckily it was just a HN comment not a wikipedia page. :-) I'm sure you'll find this fascinating - Tom Scott - Why Jonathan Ross Can't Pronounce His Rs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ld3A3QCpXd4 As a kid I had a stutter, sometimes it still emerges now when talking passionately about something, and a few other situations. But gee I hated speaking in front of the class at school. Didn't seem fair I had to do it! But I never talked to anyone about my problem, which I'd do in 2 seconds if I lived that over again. (Same with bullying) I think maybe it was to do with very low self-esteem. And I was very shy, self-conscious. Something that comes to mind is a story I heard about George Clooney - in the beginning he was having no luck at auditions. So he decided to switch from a mentality of "Please help me , please give me what I want" to "I'm here because I have something unique to offer you and the production", which made all the difference. I think that would work in many difficult situations for stuttering and fear of public speaking. One time I had to talk in front of the class about my long holiday in Europe, it wasn't a problem. (Except when my throat cracked after speaking for so long! hehe.) Because I was the one with something to offer them, I guess. Mainly, get some expert help, read books about it. Watch The King's Speech . Cause it is unpleasant, for you and others. More commonly I hear in people's speech what seems undiagnosed dyslexia - a combination of mixing terms, using wrong words, not being able to pronounce words. Maybe someone could answer this for me, this discussion made me curious: I have an old (2005) Mac, and my fav browser on it can't show https sites at all 90%+ of the time - "Cannot Load, Secure Connection Failed". (like the usual https sites linked to in HN stories) But it works fine with some https sites, e.g. github https, youtube, this page. What is it about those 'working' https sites that makes them different? Hopefully that's enough info to answer that. Could the downvoter explain why? Thanks. Sometimes I really have no idea what the problem is. (Probably I should just relax and not worry about every lil downvote. But I do like to keep my readers happy if possible.) Ohh thanks guys. Yeah, I had a vague feeling my SSL (whatever that is) was outdated. So those sites just are more backwards-compatible. (Although github isn't backwards-compatible enough to actually make an account. I tried.) Wow, ok, I give up. Fuck trying to understand why people downvote on here. How come only people at universities should get access to knowledge? $30-40+ per article is, effectively, no access. It's ridiculous. Well, it's access for the wealthy and academia I guess. I read about a lot of stuff, many different subjects, and a lot of the papers by the people I want to read, and articles mentioned in other books and papers, are of this $30-to-view kind. It sounds like that never happened to you? I think this black-and-white elitist 'researchers vs public' idea is a silly model of reality. Even someone who's never read any papers in their life, may one day have some medical, legal, historical, artistic etc need or desire to become better educated in some area, which is prevented. Or was, before SciHub. But that's not an 'egregious inefficiency' so never mind?! That's a long way from As We May Think . I voted you up, then saw Fig 2 and changed my mind. Looks fairly large. Sure, might be chance, but looks like a pretty large effect to me, not sure what you'd call large if that isn't. [ edit: Ahhh hehe I just noticed the title is now "Julia v0.7.0 Release Notes"! When I commented yesterday it was "Julia Lang v0.7" I think. So I've been wondering why on earth the comments about 'Release Notes', and the late commenters must have been wondering why the earlier talk about 'Lang'. So.. there was confusion. That makes more sense of why people were getting weirder and weirder about this—false assumptions. I learnt something, hopefully the people lecturing me about not understanding how HN works learnt something too. Apologies not expected, but that would be lovely. p.s. Yes, the new title is much much better! >an ecosystem destroying highly invasive introduced species. So.. a bit like white people? :| (disclosure: Aussie here) Um, what? Wow. Sorry, I seem to have stepped right into your issues, where I have no wish to be. Good day. There's a lot to what you say, but your "Only violence does anything" position seems quite vague and shifting, unarguable-against (unfalsifiable), and fortunately not borne out by the facts. I get a feeling of blood-lust masquerading as wisdom, but I think the world's not quite as bad or hopeless as you say. A "fierce underlying movement"...you mean, without violent people in the same movement? No-one's saying "Gandhi was the full movement", whatever that would mean exactly. And sure, peaceful protests, civil disobedience and hunger strikes wouldn't have worked against the Nazis, but it worked against the British. (Although it doesn't sound like you would think that's right) You seem to be sweeping all situations into one basket. And in that basket, only violence works, peace never achieves anything. I don't think that's reality. And I can prove it, I think: Watch the documentary on Gene Sharp, "How To Start A Revolution". I hadn't heard of him, which is pretty damning comment on the modern media (considering some of the people who are mega-famous). It seems he and his methods and writings were (in part) responsible for most of these peaceful revolutions sweeping the world in the last few decades, dozens of them. I'd be surprised if you can watch that (and read the associated literature) and not change your view. I found it super-inspiring. And without it, I might have been more convinced by your arguments. Although I think you in no way recognize Gandhi's actual importance in existing-order-subversion. As a native speaker, I've never thought in terms of auxiliary verbs, unconjugated etc, or known what they were. So I'm trying to think of the way native speakers learn, the natural rule. Doesn't it depend on whether there's a stress/emphasis on the verb? I'd to seems wrong because the had in I had to is stressed, so the had just seems missing. In I'd love to - the would isn't stressed. If it is, like "I would love to, but I can't" then the contraction isn't used. It's how contractions arose in the first place, I guess. Actual titles: Leadership and Self-Deception and Crucial Conversations . OMG Thank you to both of you! I've seen dozens of references to SICP in lists online, but I never knew there's video of the course, no-one mentioned that. Great stuff. After watching the first 10 minutes of the first lecture, was so good I immediately got my super-non-techy housemate to watch it, after explaining how revered among programmers the book is. She said "Thank you for showing me that!" hehe. In the chess world, everyone—every strong player in the world, it seems—uses ChessBase, which is Windows only. They used to have a Mac version years ago but it apparently was the worst software ever. It's used for studying recent master games, storing and training on your opening theory, analysing with computer engines to find new moves in the opening, studying the games of your next opponent etc. Other programs have similar functions, but it's more powerful, and no grandmaster uses anything else. Also its data format is secret, so no other software can convert to or from ChessBase format. It was created by some Germans in collaboration with Kasparov in the 1980s, and was instrumental to his unprecedented level of opening theory knowledge. It sounded to me like OP is assuming there will be a 'horizon'. "Eventually we will reach that point." Why assume that? It sounds like a false assumption to me. It reminds me of the argument I hear occasionally about how one day soon there will be no new music, it will have all been written. Which sounds to me about as wrong as can be. What you're talking about is an entirely unrelated matter, and mixing it 'very imaginatively' with the OP's point as if they're the same. I couldn't help thinking of Jesus and Christianity here—although the analogy has some ludicrous aspects. I guess this is a universal (anti-)pattern in human affairs. Christianity became at every point a near-opposite of anything Jesus stood for - later Christianity has meant the 'gospel of success' and wordly prosperity, priests in gold-encrusted palaces, polytheistic worship of Mary and the saints, Greek-derived theology (heaven and eternal life is straight out of Plato), angels etc. H.L. Mencken on the subject: Treatise on Right and Wrong , 1934, p254-5: The mob, having heard Christ, turned against him, and applauded his crucifixion. His theological ideas were too logical and too plausible for it, and his ethical ideas were enormously too austere. What it yearned for was the old comfortable balderdash under a new and gaudy name, and that is precisely what Paul offered it. Notes on Democracy , 1926, p66-7: Christ, we are told, preached no complicated mysteries and demanded no pedantic allegiance. He knew nothing of transubstantiation, or of reserved sacraments, or of the adoration of the saints, or of the vestments controversy. He was even somewhat vague about original sin. Alive today, could He qualify as a bishop? He could not. Even the Salvation Army would put Him on probation, at least until He had mastered the cornet. Even the Christian Scientists would bar Him from their auctionblock, at least until He had got a morning coat and paid cash for a copy of “Science and Health.” What would the Congregatio Sancti Officii say of His theology? What would the Methodist Board of Temperance, Prohibition and Public Morals say of His ethics? What would Monsignor Manning say of His patriotism, or of His economic views, or of His probable opinion of the great spiritual filling-station on Morningside Heights? What these high authorities would say, I venture, would be a plenty. A Freemason told me the Freemasons are for average people in all walks of life. A possibly no-more-helpful contribution: Harvey Pekar's classic "Average is dumb!" American Splendor cover: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_-qF6CbJo2vY/TD0odctqvYI/AAAAAAAAI7... //Breaks resolution never to comment on political subjects on here again The first thing to do in going about non-futilely answering and discussing the question would be to broadly define liberalism, about which there are presumably many different definitions/ideas/understandings, to bring to light some of the presuppositions that debate would otherwise be a blind struggle over. (That's an assumption of mine.) Is it to be just 'what we have in the western democracies nowadays'? But it means different things in different regions and countries. Is it something people aspired to in the 18th C and we've not achieved, or achieved and lost, or achieved and have moved on? (In discussions of 'Has communism failed?' the huge gap between what the word meant originally and what the Soviet system became is central, and even that is not a simple question to answer. It depends which definition you use.) Maybe every system fails. That reminds me what I was reading today in the comments on the agile theory vs reality story. Radical cool new ways of doing become their own opposite when set in stone and blindly followed. Which reminds of how in the USA the Amendments are usually touted to justify some asinine practice nothing to do in spirit with the original Amendment in any way, and more usually its opposite. Democracy itself is hardly a total success or free of contradictions, exploits, shortcomings[0]. Depends which sense you use; there are wholly differing definitions of democracy used by the major writers/theorists of the subject. And failed relative to what? The shortest and quickest answer, here a good one I think, is that given by Betteridge's Law[1] — No. But it depends. [0] A couple of very readable and more-relevant-than-ever classics on this theme: Michels' Political Parties (1911) and Lippmann's Public Opinion (1922). [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge%27s_law_of_headline... When the Master went inside the Grand Temple, he asked questions about everything. Someone remarked, "Who said that the son of the man from Tsou understood the rites? When he went inside the Grand Temple, he asked questions about everything." The Master, on hearing of this, said, "The asking of questions is in itself the correct rite." - Confucius, Analects , Book III, 15. >How do you find a new passion? Try lots of things out! There are 10,000 things to try. That's where the money would come in very handy. Stuff like violin - sure, some lessons might be good soon after you start, to make sure you're getting the basics right, but 99% of the time spent on it will be practising and playing on your own (and later with groups), and 99% of what you learn will be from that. (I'm a musician) Dancing I guess is the same. Find the masters you love to see/hear and learn from them, copy from them, study them. Maybe a similar thing applies to all areas. "Feels silly starting X at 32".. There's always someone younger! If you want to do it, who cares. Everyone's terrible at it when they start doing anything. (I think a lot of people don't realize that, and it stops them doing things they spend their lives wishing they could do, e.g. play flute) I have way too many things I'm passionate about, but occasionally meet people who haven't found anything yet, it's very strange. I guess no-one told them a passion or 3 in life is worth looking for! And it's fun looking anyway. Like online dating but you're the one doing all the rejecting. haha. Good luck! He doesn't really mention that the reason chess players and musicians can take more with each glance at a position/page is that they see in chunks, not individual elements - that comes from learning the patterns, e.g. in chess "short-castled white king with pawn on h3", in music "C7 chord with melody on the 7th" etc. It's just like adding more layers to a neural network, each layer building things from the elements of the previous one. Or like us reading a page of writing - we don't have to look at each letter like a beginner reader, and barely at some individual words. I guess looking at a C for-loop is like that for someone who's seen 1000s. Apparently chess masters don't look at more positions and moves than a beginner; they just see so much more, and intuitively only look at the best moves in a position (mostly anyway). Learning to improvise jazz seems different to Franklin's method, in that you don't listen to a jazz great's solo, put it aside and later try to reconstruct it; you have to play it exactly, writing it out if necessary, and play it over and over until it starts to become intuitive; until the muscles learn it. And that must be done with many different solos. And copying just one person just makes you a clone of them. I guess learning programming doesn't have that essential element of imitating the styles of individual great programmers, although maybe for some people it does. Rough calculation: If horses live 20 years, that's 7300 days, so 0.0001369 chance of dying on a particular day, x130,000 = 17.8 dying per day Q. Who are the great programmers, with inimitable or at least unmistakable and unique styles? Is there such a thing, as happens with music improvisers, composers, artists, writers? He ruled up a book with virtues—the ones he wanted to improve in—down the side of the page, the days along the top, and drew black dots at the end of each day next to each virtue he'd lapsed in. And tried to have less black dots with every day. That was the most valuable thing I got from that book. I tried it once, decades ago. Well, in jazz, you have your own individual style, people hire you because they like it. Sure, in different settings you adapt, but you still sound like yourself. It's the same with classical soloists. The ones that are famous, are famous because they don't sound like anyone else. Just a lot like themselves. Same with singers (rock, jazz, classical) - all well-known singers are very recognisable, and a lot of them have weird, unusual voices. Also, I find it strange, this talking as if programming and music don't exist in the world outside a setting of just having to do what the leader wants. I guess particularly because I've been programming and playing music all my life, almost all of the time doing exactly what I wanted every second. (Only music professionally) >not generally random not generally? "not random", surely. And even if humans try to play randomly they couldn't. >based on particular chords Whether the notes used in a section are from the set of all 12, or a particular subset, is nearly, dare I say, orthogonal to the level of randomness. And even playing not based on particular chords can be highly random-sounding or not at all. I didn't understand your last sentence at all; at least, what do you mean, likewise ? Or the first half really. Thank you, yeah, that sounds right; it's more like design than like art. Also, in pg's essay Great Hackers he says that no-one knows who the best programmers are; you have to work with them to know just how good they are. http://www.paulgraham.com/gh.html Sure, sure. We should differentiate the styles of the individual players, and the style of the group; two different things. I found it depressing, that suggestion earlier in the thread that one's style is always totally suppressed by the team you're on. Maybe I misunderstood; maybe that's stretching the analogy too far. Although... when I was about 20 I went to see a fellow musician in their day job, programming in a company, finance/accounting-type stuff. It seemed so totally depressing I decided I never wanted to do programming professionally. I guess there is the average, rank-and-file performer in the arts, like a 3rd violin in an orchestra, or player in a musical show, singer in a choir, (or my friend) where individuality is not required, just professionalism. That's like craft[0]. And then the music-as-art thing, like classical soloists, jazz groups, singers where the important thing is to sound like yourself (and to sound good!) [0] I'm thinking craft in the sense Collingwood uses it in Principles of Art - craft (as opposed to art) is when you know beforehand exactly what final result you're aiming for and what steps to follow to get there. Another Q: It's been said about many things that they can't be taught, only learnt. (e.g. Botvinnik—founder of the "Russian school of chess"—said it about chess, I say it about jazz, Oakeshott's Rationality in Politics is about that) Is that true of programming also? Maybe that's what the article's saying—you have to learn for yourself. Well, there are typically a lot of Exercises in maths books because that's how you learn that stuff, by seeing for yourself, working things out, not from just being told it. Hehe thanks, that was fun. Well, Lawrence ranted similarly about everyone, with enough truth to make you think for a moment he might be totally right. He got his schtick from his wife Frieda, who'd gotten it from a love affair with the Austrian psychologist Otto Gross, a "champion of an early form of anti-psychiatry and sexual liberation", "proto-feminist and neo-pagan" etc. It's not clear what you mean "just deliberate practice". He was imitating a style he liked, trying to acquire to ability to write like that. Using the method in programming seems different, in that it's not the particular writer's unique style you're trying to acquire, but other things. Why is that? (I know nothing about it, just would love to hear why you say that) Arghh, I learnt Z80 assembler and Turbo Pascal in the mid 80s without ever seeing any books about either. Not sure how, picked up bits and pieces from computer magazines in libraries. A few years ago in a 2nd hand bookstore I finally laid eyes on Programming the Z80 , which I'd heard about but never seen, and I was like "OMG, I would've given a leg to have had that in 1985!" Life with LibGen (and StackExchange) is so vastly different to my childhood isolation from the world's knowledge. I'm constantly profoundly grateful. But wish I'd had that access back then! Although I can't imagine it. Read Crucial Conversations maybe. I'm sure that would help both of you. Not to mention 'chivalry', 'chivalrous', from Old French word chevalerie, "knighthood, chivalry, nobility, cavalry" (11th century), the -erie abstract of chevaler "knight, horseman", from Medieval Latin caballarius (“horseman, knight”), a derivation from caballus (“horse”). Ignaz Semmelweis >So, basically, a fly spit the worms into Beckley's eye? I've never seen spit used as past tense before, if that's what this is. p.s. I agree with the WHY HERE? comment. Yes, that would have been less misleading and clickbaity. That sounds right to me. Anecdatally I've talked with a lot of latin American girls e.g. Colombians, who are studying engineering, (and busy with exams on maths and science subjects) who don't seem at all the type. I think it's an in-demand job with good prospects, where maybe there aren't so many competing career choices. (Interesting psychological study, why you're being downvoted for saying that. Maybe that people are nowadays conditioned to assume any talk of gender differences is sexism, I've noticed.) That field met its Einstein with Chris Smith's epochal 2013 work. Google "chris smith manchester toast" and persevere longer than I did to find the paper the newspaper stories are talking about. Broadly I agree; also I'm no maths professor. But the talking as if understanding can't be helped by programming, seems wrong to me, if only because I've been doing it all my life. Maybe we have different definitions of deep and shallow , but you can memorize a formula with no understanding. Playing around with it with a program, and seeing what happens, you get a hands-on experience that no amount of ..abstract generality can replace. I keep reading about how the great mathematicians have gotten their results not by doing mysterious genius things only they can, but by getting their hands dirty, playing around with base and border cases, seeing what happens with pencil and paper, in a way identical to mucking around with programs. To give a couple of concrete examples: I wrote a program that had planets orbiting a central mass, and playing around with it I gained for the first time a gut understanding of orbiting , and how natural it is in 3D space - it's something that just doesn't happen in the normal human environment. Fiddling around with fractal formulae, seeing what happens . Drawing the distributions of prime numbers, prime pairs etc. On and on, I could give hundreds of examples, you get the idea. Sure, it would be silly trying to recreate 2000 years of mathematical progress on your own without reading textbooks, but exploring, getting a feel for things, learning for yourself, is an important part too, to say the least. And one equally deserving the name 'learning', if not more. Read Oakeshott's essay Rationalism in Politics for the best explanation I've seen for this modern affliction where only things that can be explicitly written down are counted as knowledge. (It's super-enlightening - I was embarrassed how much I learned from it, always a good sign. I even learned a lot about piano teaching—my day job at the time—from reading it.) Hehe hmm maybe. Well, there's good reason besides to touch cow poo frequently on a farm - it makes the best fertilizer for gardens, in raw or liquefied form. ..And you won't find sizable mushrooms under them will you? Can't see the point in turning them over for that. Sure. A couple of comments only: The example you give of fields is a good one, but one counter-example of an area where playing around doesn't help much if at all, doesn't really affect the question whether you can learn maths by programming, to which the answer 'No' seems wrong to me. If one person is blind, it doesn't mean nobody can see. Sure, you can't learn all of it. But the other extreme, where you seem to be saying, you can't learn anything—which saying things like that you can't learn a particular piece of maths from programming "until you’ve already learned it" seem close to—seems equally wrong to me. In the area you're talking about, sure, it's hard to see how computers would help ones intuition. But that's very far from meaning that all areas are like that. Also, you're talking about problems, homework - answering other peoples' questions. I didn't have that in mind, but learning, exploring for oneself. And in areas where no-one knows the why, one is exploring the what, how things work. I think you're just thinking of abstract areas where that's not really possible, but in a lot of areas it absolutely is. But yes, I think we're not disagreeing so much as talking and focussing on different aspects/areas of mathematics. And probably you know muuch more maths than I do, and possibly mucking around with computers is of less use in the higher realms than in the lowly plains I inhabit. But still, I can't help thinking that the problem with thinking that knowledge is exhausted by know-that ( know-how disregarded as not real/important because can't be written down explicitly, as diagnosed in Rationalism in Politics ) is a part of thinking that the things that you say, correct as they are, fit together into any kind of argument that programming is of no use in learning mathematics. But it seems we have entirely different levels/areas in mind. Thanks for the comments, very interesting. No, but people using it think it's a fact about frogs. Comparisons involving it contain an assumption/presupposition that's unknowingly false. Jesus employed facts about e.g. lilies in his parables; I doubt dodgy urban myths would have cut it. Please permit the people not so smart as you on the internet to learn someone without having to hear "Arghh I know that". But maybe you've read someone pointing out the frog myth 1000 more times than I! In which case I sympathize. edit: Hehe I left HN after writing that to do something 'more useful', reading The Inmates are Running the Asylum . On about the 2nd page I read was: "A frog that’s slipped into a pot of cold water never recognizes the deadly rising temperature as the stove heats the pot. Instead, the heat anesthetizes the frog’s senses. I was unaware, like the frog, of my cameras’ slow march from easy to hard to use as they slowly became computerized." >Okay, I'm going to toss out downvote material because I think it's important to say. I didn't get past that first sentence of irrelevant filler. I had a look (at the original 2001 article) - seems you have to know Haskell to understand anything. Maybe OS/FS programmers have a day job, while for the artists, that's their day job. "Milewki's talks"? Don't know what he or that is. Nope, I was just trying to say, the linked article "Monadic I/O and Unix shell programming" was about Haskell (and Unix pipelines), and maybe I should have known that from the title, but didn't. And I had to stop reading after 2 lines because it assumed Haskell familiarity. edit: Didn't see edited comment you mentioned until after I wrote that. Thanks. Well, judging from the first line, I thought not. And don't be snarky then call me "friend". Thanks. I guess I was too obliquely referring to the "don't mention voting, it's tiresome" guideline. I was offering anecdata, sample size 1, that your first line could also serve to deter readers, which it seemed you hadn't considered. Well, I've learnt (from this and my previous attempt) that offering what free advice I can on here on how to better reach readers, isn't appreciated, so I shall stop. Thanks. Great question. So far.. links to so many interesting websites, books, papers, blogs—mostly linked to in comments and in AskHN. (And then, maybe even more, the sources mentioned in turn by all those.) Way too many really. Already I'm thinking of having a break from here for a while to actually read all those books (have read some..e.g. just the other day got Crucial Conversations thanks to a mention on here, started reading it with my housemate, it's going to transform our lives—at home and work, everywhere—for sure, and already has helped) and to concentrate solely on what I'm doing, rather than the endless stream of fascinating leads on here to new stuff. But I've got more in a few months on here than I would in many years elsewhere. It's fascinating reading the comments too, usually—typically far more than the linked articles. Thanks so much. So then why on earth are you still on here?? (rhetorical question) Life's too short. Well, some people seem to just enjoy playing the wronged, misunderstood martyr, for whatever reason. Well, why care about downvotes? Maybe 20 people read it and are glad you wrote it, 1-2 people downvote. Don't let that stop you. I've put more thought into the strange ratings of movies on IMDb. There are many reasons for this, but one is - it seems the, er, less discerning movie-goers tend to do more voting. Many people never vote. Just that alone means the crap movies get more and often higher votes. Similarly with music topping the charts. But on IMDb the voting's not everything. There are user comments where you can have your say. People know the movie ratings are often silly. p.s. Do people anywhere like ads much? People in advertising aside perhaps. Hehe I had a look at your comment.. It started: "Not new. Only read the first and last page if the paper.." And you have no idea why that might be downvoted? I don't think you can have tried to understand. Maybe the downvoters got no further than me (i.e. the bit I quoted) which already has arrogance, ignorance, carelessness—or so it seems—and had already had enough. Throwing what seem utterly baseless accusations of dishonesty and bad faith ('intentional ambiguity', 'aimed at creating an impression that' etc), and somehow you're the good guy here? Would somehow "Topic X is never allowed" be somehow better? That would be silly, but even then there would be arguments about whether a story was topic X. Well, anyway, that guideline seems sensible to me. Not hard to understand why every word is there, for those not blinded by frustration (or whatever you were blinded by when you wrote that). I'm a huge fan of Weasel Words , Don Watson's excellent book, and I can't see a similarity. If you're so sure this place is controlled by evil forces, you should live somewhere else, no? Reading that reminded me how I felt some years ago to learn that a United States Studies Centre was to be opened at Sydney Uni. I don't know anything about any of the organisations you mention, but: Is it possible they didn't lie, but got it wrong? Seems to me your assumption they lied isn't entirely warranted, and possibly it's counterproductive talking as if you're certain about that. No; there's no need to pay. There are a load of free dating/friendship sites. I got onto a couple about 10 years ago and made friends from dozens of countries. Learnt Spanish cause I liked the Latin Americans I met so much. (Still friends, now old friends, with a few of those original people from 10 years ago.) That just changed my life, never had so many awesome friends. Also later I joined a free language-exchange site, where you're matched with appropriate people and teach each other your native language—another very good way of making friends. Sure, it's not great for real hugs, but apart from that :-) Ah thanks, yes it is, and extremely badly written. I couldn't stand the style for long. Thanks for that, interesting. Gee, that sounds awful. Well, it reminded me of the 'cultural' propaganda work the CIA did in the mid-to-late 20th C—the Congress for Cultural Freedom etc. :P I still write orchestral music with Cubase on a 1999 IBM PC running Windows ME. Writing this comment on my new (2005) computer with OmniWeb browser, os x 10.4. Hmm maybe I should be in healthcare. (2014) Well, that was fascinating as usual from SSC. "Remember, not wanting to be stereotyped based solely on your sex is the most sexist thing!" /s Even better was the link to the The Worst Argument in the World[0] (2012) (not Stove's Gem, though they link to that): "If we can apply an emotionally charged word to something, we must judge it exactly the same as a typical instance of that emotionally charged word." - about which they say "I propose that an outright majority of the classic arguments in American politics, and no small number of arguments in religion, philosophy, et cetera, are in fact unmodified examples of the Worst Argument In The World." e.g. Taxation is theft ! Abortion/capital punishment/euthanasia is murder ! Affirmative action is a form of racial discrimination ! Obamacare is socialist ! Now that's a useful pattern to look out for. [0] http://squid314.livejournal.com/323694.html First 2 sentences: "The first thing that you should know is that learning a functional language is not so simple as just learn a new dialect, the way of thinking and solving problems going to change dramatically. The imperative paradigm solves problems using a sequence of statements and commands which modify the state to reach a specific goal when the functional approach minimizes the “moving parts” through immutability, describing programs as expressions and transformations." Uh, both of those sentences are broken, in more than one way. I stopped there. Why should I bother, when the author didn't? TL;DR Buffett's Dirty Secret = "America’s favorite investor loves monopoly, not free markets." That's not so different from another "Dirty Secret" I was already familiar with, "America loves monopoly, not free markets." (I didn't get much further than the subtitle. For me the interesting thing about Buffett is how fascinated people apparently are in reading endlessly about the guy.) Hehe yeah. Hypocritical , you mean maybe. At least I didn't say there was nothing new, and I restricted my..criticism to the bit I actually read. But I'll upvote that. :-) [Opinions expressed may not be those of the author] As a lover of respectful exchanges on here, there's something slightly objectionable about your tone in this thread. As a rather tiresome pedant, you should stop hassling and lecturing people over nothing. Yes, the original construction "As a German" was kinda awkward, but everyone seems to know what they meant, so why go on about it. Not sure what your problem is. As an intruder to this thread, it's not really my business anyway. As a participant, it's more your domain. As a reader, half of what you say is pretty confusing to me. As an HN-ite, I'm sure you can do better in the future. >Only a third, last I checked, is in the US Oh, that's interesting, I would have thought 2/3 or more. I'd be fascinated to see a breakdown by country; is there one online somewhere? [looks] Ah, there was one in 2011. Maybe I could do one of those polls 'What country do you live in', doesn't seem to be a recent one. ps I didnt stay long at all on Quora or the StackExchanges, from the amazingly inept modding. Here it's awesome, inspiring even. Thank you! Oh that's hard to answer, sorry! - I didn't keep a record of which things I got from here or elsewhere, or from mentions in the stuff I learnt about here. Or from searching topics I learnt about on here. And I was checking out everything I could get from "best programming/mathematics books" lists online for a couple of years before coming here regularly. Youtube videos too - e.g. Matt Might's "Winning the War on Error: Solving Halting Problem, Curing Cancer" and Rich Hickey's talks were..elevating; Julia Evans, Doug Crockford I probably heard about on here. I googled quite a few AskHN lists of fav books, books that changed your life, books you wished you'd read earlier, books you wished your co-workers had read etc and looked at anything that sounded interesting. Sorry I can't be more specific. Well, what is great depends on the reader too. Good luck! Ok, so yet again you reply in a snarky, downvote-worthy tone. I guess you just don't realize you're doing it. Your first sentence just isn't a nice way to talk to people. It's got more of a YouTube vibe than HN. No, I didn't know why, given that "What has HN given you" just produced a list of angry-sounding complaints from you. And by rhetorical I meant, I wasn't asking a question to get an answer, like usual, but to make a point, to suggest something. I was just going by what you'd written. But it's nice to hear the positive side of your experience, not sure why you didn't write any of that initially. Gee.. page full of very low quality/BS answers there! Hadn't seen Music StackExchange before.. super non-impressive. The 2 top-voted answers are absolute without-a-clue nonsense, people-who-don't-know rambling aimlessly, not explaining anything. I am also no music historian, don't know all the history, but: Not until the third-top-voted answer, the one beginning "Historically, keyboards didn't always work that way" is it mentioned that..keyboards didn't always work that way. But they go on "Our musical notation is older than enharmonic equivalency that you get with "well-tempered" keyboards" - evidently confusing well temperament with equal temperament. Which is understandable - it seems everyone's 'educated' with that misconception; I certainly was. (Classical then jazz pianist) Even in my 30s I remember reading a book from the 1880s talking in detail about the specific emotional qualities of the different keys, thinking they were just imagining things, deluded. Then I learnt that no, Bach's "well-tempered" actually wasn't our equal temperament, with each note 2^(1/12) higher than the next.[0] Every key (C major, E minor etc) actually sounded different, the intervals were different etc. So that 1880s book wasn't crazy at all. Apparently that's about when equal temperament was brought in everywhere (mid to late 19th C), and the old "different keys sound different" was abolished.[1] Many composers complained about the loss of..key personality, didn't want the new system. Now all the keys sounded exactly the same. (Well, not to me, I've got perfect pitch. But to most people they do now.) It seems a strangely huge cultural forgetting, that somehow I never heard about all that, during decades in various music worlds. So before the equal temperament system of e.g. middle C is 3 semitones above A, so 220 x 2^(3/12) Hz, many different systems of ratios were used to compute the note frequencies, producing lots of different tunings, 'temperaments'. The problem in all this is the Pythagorean comma, the gap resulting from the awkward fact that when trying to construct a scale from octaves (2x the frequency) and 5ths (3/2x), 2^x=3^y has no positive integer solution. With continued fractions they worked out that 2^7~(3/2)^12 (128~129.7463..) is a good approximation, which is, in short, why pianos have 12 notes per octave, and going up 12 5ths takes you up 7 octaves. With equal temperament, the gap is spread evenly among the notes, only now none of the intervals have simple ratios of frequencies like they did before (except the octave). There's now nothing perfect about a "perfect 4th" or "perfect 5th". Anyway..going up in 5ths you get C,G,D,A,E,B,F#.. Going down you get C,F,Bb,Eb,Ab,Db,Gb.. Gb and F# on modern pianos are (just different names for) the same note, but in the pre-equal temperament days, going up a 5th wasnt just Freq x 2^(7/12) but multiplication by some ratio, most simply 3/2. And then the note you got going up (F#) was different to that you got going down (Gb). Some keyboards had black notes split in half, one playing the sharp, one the flat. But I won't go into more historical detail, because I don't know it and I'm rambling aimlessly enough already. And you could fill a book with the answer to the Q. [0] well, pedantic piano tuners won't agree, but that's the theory. [1] Some instruments had been equal temperamentish for centuries, e.g. guitar I think, (it using the same frets for different keys) but others, like pianos, not until then. I read a great story, about him or one of those Tibetan Buddhist mindfulness teachers, wish I could remember who. He was teaching a mindfulness course at Esalen, on doing one thing at a time and really being there . One morning his students caught him in the act reading the paper while having breakfast. "Aha!" they said. "Yes," he said, "and when reading the newspaper and eating breakfast, read the newspaper and eat breakfast ." Ok great, thanks. You should! > legitimate business practices Whenever I read this phrase, it always has a sense something like legal, therefore ethical or legal, therefore OK , and.. (this is not an easy sentence to finish) I wonder where people learn to think like that. OK, apart from the pressure of the entire commercial/corporate/advertising apparatus.. Maybe it's surprising it isn't more common. I guess it's the norm, in some circles. I'm naive I guess, but I'd rather die than think like that. A friend of mine used the phrase once, and..that felt like the end of the friendship. Seems to me you're making a lot of sense in your responses to comments on this, not sure why people seem to think you aren't. It seems by try to suppress , you meant, as you've tried to explain, acts like try to make illegal , not acts like ridicule . Also I notice your phrasing "The more..the more.." explicitly claimed only correlation, not causation either way, or a feedback loop. You gave a lot of examples of things nobody is trying to suppress, but no examples of things people are trying to. So..can you give as many examples of things you think fit what you said? Thanks. Thanks. Holy crap, that whole scene in the crosscut.com story sounds so crazy, so glad I don't live in the US! Anyway..I don't know anything about these issues, just curious. So..these are all things you think happened because the people doing the suppressing were afraid the ideas involved might be true? (Hmm now I notice there was mention of causality in your initial claim) Well, I have to read on here, apropos of nothing, the BS that vegans/vegetarians are so because of reasons like "political stance" or "misunderstanding of how the food chain works", whatever either of those are supposed to mean. Ironically it was used as an example of people with some diet not being 'fair game' to random intrusion. ! My housemate ate gluten the first 55 years of her life. When she stopped eating it, the knee pain she had since 17 (and other problems) went away. No doctor ever suggested doing that. wikip says: Tarkovsky's Stalker is loosely based on it, as are quite a few video games, movies and plays. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roadside_Picnic hahaha. 'non-socialist perspectives'. So..you have the impression the norm here is 'socialist perspectives'. Maybe you're right. That's just amazing to me though. My impression is Rand-type/libertarian/free market perspectives are the norm. (Or even more, not caring about politics, just wanting to get rich, which maybe comes to the same thing. Rand is certainly by far the most frequently-mentioned writer on here with any political..dimension, I think) I've never read anything I considered more than very slightly to the left on here, let alone 'socialist', which just makes me laugh when people from the US (which I presume you are, sorry if wrong) use. In the US 'socialism' seems nowadays to usually be used to mean both 'I don't like it' and 'anywhere to the left of far-right'. Well, I was just reading the wise words of chairman dang yesterday, that everyone on here feels they're in a minority in every way. It's always surprising to read comments such as yours are for me; they reveal similar feelings in everyone. Maybe the downvoting wasn't, as you assumed, for the 'non-socialist perspective'-ness of what you said, but the way you said it, or something else? I've noticed people are often wrong, or seem to be, about what caused the downvoting, when they reveal what they assume the reason is. Well, maybe they're not 2 separate things - the veiled assumptions coming out in the prose, and the assumptions coming out in the voting complaints. Ohh I managed to miss until now that mathtools itself loads amsmath, so it's never necessary to manually load both. Thanks. Thanks for those. Well, I'm in Australia. We have some of our own small crazy moments too..One that comes to mind was the 2012 story that "Alan Jones did not breach the radio industry's code of conduct or his broadcaster's licence conditions when he said five times that Julia Gillard should be “put in a chaff bag” and dumped at sea, the broadcasting regulator has found" - she was at the time Australia's first female Prime Minister (i.e. leader). Jones had a popular right-wing radio talk show. edit: OMG, I just read that Ebert page. Are you kidding, that made you like Ebert less ?! Can't follow you on that one. He hardly just 'said' it, it was the very start of Ebert's open letter to Limbaugh, it seems. "You should be horse-whipped for the insult you have paid to the highest office of our nation." In context, it sounds a fair enough remark to me. Ebert goes on, disgusted Limbaugh and caller agree "that Obama might steal money intended for the Red Cross to help the wretched of Haiti. .. This conversation came 48 hours after many of us had seen pitiful sights from Port au Prince. Tens of thousands are believed still alive beneath the rubble. You twisted their suffering into an opportunity to demean the character of the President of the United States." etc Well, I didn't hear about that, maybe Obama did steal the money, in which case I apologize. But I kinda doubt it. So how does that fit into "suppression because they fear it's true"? I don't see any part of it fits that. But anyway. :-) Thanks for this exchange, it was enlightening. Ohh that's a very interesting idea. Wonder if you could actually make something sound significantly better like that. But like you say, people might have rather different ideas on what sounds better. And after a lifetime of equal temperament, that's what sounds good to me, anything else sounds out of tune. (I haven't experimented to see if even proper perfect 4ths and 5ths sound out of tune to me! That would be weird. Though those notes are very close to their equal temperament versions I think.) I used to have some music software that came with hundreds of different historical temperaments and tunings, from many different traditions, it was fascinating playing around with. Just a 'political problem'?! That means, what—the only thing stopping it is all the millions of people who think it's a bad idea? Not sure what you mean 'not a resource issue'. 'We have the technology' I guess. I guess you don't have very accurate figures on the deaths caused by existing nuclear waste in the future either. Gee..I got maybe 1/3 through. Half of that was breathless warnings of how revolutionary what was to come was, how I needed to be ready etc etc.. Then every sentence was a reference to some book or other, mostly dragged in with no good reason, except that the cloth of this writing is woven from other peoples' thoughts, as you're reminded once or twice every sentence, with exactly who that is and where they said it—so very tiresome. Too much reading, no thinking. And mainly some 1980 book on fossil fuels? I was once deeply into the critical theory guys, and many of the others mentioned, and this seems like someone from that place trying to peer far out to a position..that's virtually mainstream these days, but he's so covered in books it's hard for him to see anything. And he thinks it's all so sophisticated and advanced because every sentence refers to another book. Nuh-uh. Me: Horses can run faster than people! You: "Faster than people"?! That's a hopelessly vague and unhelpful comparison. No horse can ever go faster than a human if by "human" you mean a human equipped with whatever tools the human may choose to use, because those tools would include the horse against which you would have it compete. So the comparison only makes sense if you restrict the human in some way. Me: Um.. :-) The other stuff you say makes perfect sense, but that first bit is more pedantic than fair, I think. Am just genuinely wondering what you mean, "it's a political problem". Sorry, I'm no expert. An explanation would be helpful, thanks downvoters or others. Well, that's not fair, in many ways. Using dictionary definitions to attempt to settle anything is well-known to be silly. This piece—which reads like a really bad student essay—is so awful for the reasons I stated in my other comment, nothing to do with it being critical theory or not. There are good writings within that, and awful writings without. Critical theory is philosophy, not science, so your dismissing it for not being science is just confused. (Scientific realism is an attitude towards science/scientific theories, not philosophy. Yes, philosophers write about it, but as philosophers of science.) Critical theory is generally political philosophy, so no wonder it's concerned with human freedom, 'emancipation from slavery', whatever whoever wrote that meant precisely, and such things. Marcuse, the philosopher/guru of the USA's 60s hippie cultural revolution, was Critical Theory. Read a potted version of what he stood for and it all sounds pretty sensible. A lot of it has just become totally mainstream. Erich Fromm is my favourite of these guys, my favourite psychologist still, writer of wonderful and inspiring books. In him the critical theorists' mix of Freud and Marx doesn't seem strange or weird. It just means they're very interested in both psychology and politics - life in the mind and in the world, everywhere. Critical theorists write about anything, whatever interests them. And usually they don't quote other writers constantly like this guy! But they're informed by a lot of the thinkers of the past. I was into Adorno for a while, but gave up. Too often deliberately obscure, although sometimes not, wrote some illuminating stuff. e.g. his essay on jazz, although ignorant and unfair, is pretty classic. Horkheimer I like more. They're all from the original Frankfurt School of critical theory; there are many later people who might be called critical theorists - e.g. Raymond Williams, of whom I've loved everything I've read. Yes, I'm not saying it didn't make sense—it made a lot of sense, common sense even—just dressed up painfully in erudition. Every commonplace thought (every sentence) was dragged in as a quote from a different writer. Edit out all the name-dropping and not much would be left.[0] When I was 15 I would have been fooled, impressed, but the Emperor's nakedness is now painfully obvious to me. 'A mountain had gone into labour and was groaning terribly. Such rumours excited great expectations all over the country. In the end, however, the mountain gave birth to a mouse.' [0] I haven't seen anything nearly so bad in critical theory-type philosophy, but in, say, post-modern writing and the art world, it's not uncommon. That's why the Sokal hoax worked. Thank you! Maybe the best 1-line comment I've ever seen on here. That's a great site, thanks. It's not common finding such artistic taste, programming/mathematical skill, and capacity to explain well, in the same person. Ok thanks very much. I guess one example of what I was talking about is your phrase: "your attempt to fudge the definition of "socialism"". That's a rather inaccurate, poisonous misrepresentation of what I said and was doing, it seems to me. Yet you say it like it's the plainest fact, and maybe you believe it is. It's snarky. It's not assuming good faith. It's pure downvote material. I was describing how it seems to me the word is used in the US nowadays. Or as I said, even more carefully, how it "seems nowadays to usually be used". I don't hear much news at all, less from the US, but a fair bit of that (before Trump anyway) has been hysteria about purported socialism, and e.g. any policy or intention Obama had that the far-right didn't like, described as such. It's laughable—at best, The Worst Argument In The World[0]. I likewise can't make any sense of how you thought I was trying to 'fudge the definition' of a word, if I understand what you meant by that. And I can't see which part of what I wrote was 'mocking', at all. The 'hahaha' at the beginning, if you were referring to that, was me laughing - I actually physically laughed like that, it was a record of that. But I really appreciate the effort put into the rest of what you wrote, thanks. [0] http://squid314.livejournal.com/323694.html Your assumption that the two are always mutually exclusive doesn't seem justified to me. Incidentally, it seems 'thumbs up' had the opposite meaning to today in Roman times. Weird huh. http://time.com/4984728/thumbs-up-thumbs-down-history/ >pathetically ignorant Read The Inmates are Running the Asylum , and you might understand that better. It helped me to see how pathetically unhelpful and badly designed interfaces are everywhere, something I accepted and took for granted before. A couple of metaphors he uses, there or in About Face : Programmers are like those into extreme sports, revelling in the difficulties of working with computers, but most people aren't like that. When they board an aeroplane, they want to sit down and get where they're going without concerning themselves with the details. Programmers head for the cockpit. The ancestor of Mad magazine fold-ins? I was expecting some dubious Bible code or play-it-backwards -type thing, but this is a cool idea. However the message is just in the sheet music , not in a piece of music at all. Yes I would support a total ban, sounds very sensible. I've noticed in the past that this topic—limiting anyone's right to use their phone at any time or place—gets by far the most fervent, visceral objections of any topic discussed on here. And also that the commenters' degree of rejection of phone-limitation seems inversely proportional to the quality of the comment, however you want to measure that. It seems common to feel "I should be able to use my phone whenever and wherever I want", and simply apply that to every particular situation under discussion, no thought required, coming up with all kinds of far-fetched reasons to justify it; but the gut reaction Muh phone seems the driver. >If you do not conform, you will be downvoted into oblivion. Is that true though? Conform in what way? Who cares about being downvoted anyway?? I don't get it. After a few tantrums about it, I've realized it doesn't matter , I don't need to add edit: Could downvoters explain why please if they don't explain. Why do I care about my internet points, why am I getting sucked in to caring about the gamification? Why does it matter? Say you are right, some opinions, even expressed articulately, helpfully, admirably etc are still always downvoted "into oblivion". So if you care, if it's important for you to change minds on it, try even harder to be more informed, articulate, irreproachable than the alleged HN 'conformists'. Hehe already talking like that, 'If you do not conform' has that heroic-paranoid-martyr sound to it that frequently downvoted/rate-limited people get. The people that ranted bitterly on the What has HN given you? page. They think it's what they say that's the problem, but in my experience it's inevitably how they say it. But every further downvote just 'proves' to them they're right. And I'm not sure why you think HN would be better without oblivion-downvoting/flagging. More like Youtube, sure. But better ? "Completely killed any chance", "giant echo chamber".. such dramatic language. Is your tone of such absolute certainty justified? Well, still there are people who think the dominant 'conformity' on HN is pro-US, anti-US, socialist, libertarian, and pro- and anti- just about anything you can imagine. >Im a firm believer that one shouldn't be allowed to downvote without leaving a comment. I guess that's been discussed/thought about many times. Does sound good at first. So how would it work? People would have to leave some kind of decent comment, not just one word, I suppose, like other comments. Could you downvote those comments in turn if they weren't substantive, or were snarky etc? Would you have then to explain why you did that ? Hmm. There'd have to be a different comment category, a downvote-explanation comment. Sounds complicated.. > There is no other response to that other than frustration. Well, yes there is! I tried that, doesn't work. I tried not caring. Is working great! They're only fake internet points, after all. But you said you're sick of people saying that. Sorry. ..Sometimes it's just too obvious why horrid, abusive comments are downvoted. From what I've seen, how people say things is almost always the problem, not what they said. What seems to drive people nuts is presuming it's always what they said. >you dared to ask a critical question which goes against ego-stroking and mob mentality But here's that paranoid-heroic-martyr tone again. Maybe it wasn't a "simple" question, but the frustration at these things happening again and again drives you to feel justified in petulant, angry accusations, or even just an irritatingly whiny tone. Doesn't it say in the guidelines not to question items, but to flag them etc? It's tedious for people to read that again and again. Just don't read them, maybe? Sure, there are fashions in these things. And in all things. But why do you feel so superior and altogether above that, while using your psychobabble labels—"crowd mentality and ego-reassurance","evangelism"? The very downvoting you should expect as inevitable here is something you must fight and totally overcome everywhere, right now . (i.e. the hysterical quality people find so objectionable in SJWs) Really, 'fascism'?! You are the 'brave', 'daring' one huh? And they are the ones doing the 'ego-stroking'? Ah anyway, what do I know, I'm new here. Best wishes! I clicked on the link.. Napoleon going around Europe slaughtering is somehow "how we got meritocracy" and a "goodie"? Um. I don't see it. (I'm not an expert in these areas.) >You don't see the US taking territory..at gunpoint from Mexico >by and large the US has invaded countries and brought them democracy and freed their people from dictators Hahaha. I mean really. It's amazing that educated people can be brainwashed to believe this absolute nonsense. The first of those statements show, I don't know, breathtaking historical ignorance, or something, it's hard to explain otherwise. You don't see it because it already happened, long ago. The second is the official line heard in the US mainstream media and White House press statements etc. I was brought up believing it too. But it's very far from reality. It's been more usual since the 1890s for democracy, self-determination, refusal to submit obediently to US bullying, standing up to the US, to be the very reasons for invasion. It's thoroughly depressing to learn the history. It's the opposite of what you're told. The US has installed dictators, often military types given a load of US weapons. The US prefers dictators—whatever makes for docile 'stability' and exploitation by US business, and democracy is unpredictable, uncontrollable. Then, disgustingly, the US media is filled with stories of how it was all to bring democracy to a land threatened by communists, terrorists, instability etc. And more bilge about doing God's sacred work on earth etc. > the same level of integrity in the world as the USA hehehe. Ah I don't know if it's much use my saying this stuff to people on here. The reality is soooo different from what people in the US are taught to believe. So different that you'll feel physically sick when it starts to dawn on you. Well, (I'm trying not to be..insensitive) your defensive comment—and the fact that you were motivated to write it— does make me suspect you have a drinking problem (i.e. drug addiction) but haven't admitted it to yourself. The supposed glamour and sophistication of famous brands helps conceal the basic reality of 'drinking': it's drug-taking, isn't it. (Not that I have anything against drug-taking per se) And that last sentence is snarky/sarcasm? Same. I can't watch youtube instructional videos with background music—I'm used to listening to music, learning from it, and can't help doing so. >You are so entrenched in your point of view that you automatically assume My point of view? Gee. A lot of assumptions there. Sounds like you think you know all about me. Hmm no, I don't assume drinking alcohol===drinking problem. It sounded like the guy you replied to first maybe did. Maybe you thought we're the same person? I didn't say anything about "proof". Ahhh yes, you have confused me with the first guy. That explains some of your "so entrenched" language. You're mostly talking about what the first guy said, I'll let you take it up with him. ps Counting the days since you last had a drink doesn't make me feel I was wrong. Good luck with that! I've had alcoholism ruin a couple of friends lives, it's such a terrible thing, so hard to do anything about. OK, sorry if some of my assumptions were incorrect. >sometimes they see it as the lesser evil when the populace would go against US interests So here democracy is 'the greater evil'. Countries have their own interests, the US has just often tried to stomp out any chance of other countries achieving theirs. If anyone tries to do the to the US it's met with moral outrage. Same with 'free markets'. Endless preaching them, actually it's the last thing corporations want. >Your reading is purposefully uncharitable and makes it impossible to have these kinds of discussions rationally. That's an assumption of bad faith. Now that is something that makes rational discussion impossible. You seem to see yourself as totally above the person talking with you, because you're just "rational". But you continually appeal to emotion yourself, and that emotion is fear : "it's a slippery slope", "prohibitionists", "using the long arm of the law" (to describe a 5p charge), "regressive", "dangerous question","interminable lists of laws" etc >a lot of people will say to this, "if you don't do anything wrong you've got nothing to hide" That kind of assumes legally OK is everywhere and always the same as ethical, morally OK . Which is I guess easy to do, until life teaches you personally that there's a wide gulf between the two. "You measure democracy by the freedom it gives its dissidents, not the freedom it gives its assimilated conformists." - Abbie Hoffman Treat yourself like you would treat someone you really love. Something like that, it's part of Louise Hay's How To Love Yourself , a one-page list of things. Also I learnt from Effortless Mastery (about piano playing) to stop all the negative self-talk! Which I used to do a lot. Saying awful, cruel, mean, self-defeating things to myself that I'd never say to someone else. Being kind and patient with myself. I guess I had to learn that while it's great trying to being kind to everyone--you yourself are one of those people. That also helped overcome the very low self-esteem I'd been bullied into at school and at home. And helped with happiness in life. :-D Human calls a species 'crap' for not being good to kill and eat large quantities of ... That attitude seems to me part of the problem. You mean "not in the US"? Im not sure exactly, but only have heard people in US saying "Legos". (Australia here, we play with Lego!) uh.. I don't think dartum is used, I've never heard it. "A piece of data" maybe.. But it's rare to have to talk of just one. Does stopping saying awful, cruel, mean, self-defeating things to oneself help? To ask that is to answer it. Sure, I don't mean never to self-criticize. That's how u get better. In Effortless Mastery , he says--when you rehearse/practise, then's the time for ruthless self-criticism etc.--but on the gig, never. I used to, while playing gigs, often be thinking "Oh yuk! Oh that sux. Oh no. Oh god Im so awful" constantly etc ..beating myself up, so it sounded awful. Since then I totally stopped doing that; I just enjoy myself and let the music flow. It's hard to believe I used to be so self-destructive. It's so easy to be so mean to ourselves in a way we never would be with other people. Maybe you didn't grow up with that problem. It's part of what 'loving yourself' means, which I definitely had to learn, in my twenties. But that's like saying "Alcohol is deadly. Drink 10 bottles of whisky and tell me it's not." It's a spurious argument, irrelevant. That's nothing like how the drug is used 99.9999% of the time. Sure, it can be psychedelic, apparently--though I never came across hash that was at all. I've read about people tripping on hash, but never even heard anyone talk about anyone they know having that experience. I guess you know this. Well, this comment seems incredibly condescending to me. You're not 'sorry', and I can't see the implication you suggest at all. Please allow people to freely be interested in what they're interested in. Surely what matters is whether you can swim faster than the current, not the weight or otherwise of anything. HN works fine for me..like every other website. I suggest the problem is with your setup and not with HN. How did it change your life? I have to say, me too! I didn't know how to pick just 1 book, but this is a great choice. The first novel I ever read that really spoke to me 100%, I read it over and over for many months on the school bus. So funny, so touching. I never go very long without talking about something from it. Hope the movie's 1/2 good. Nothing whatever like Machiavelli. I don't understand that last part you wrote, sorry. Hmm.. I'm don't feel proud of anything--can't think of anything. On fb I see Proud to be Colombian, Proud to be Christian, Proud to be Me..they all sound a little strange to me. What, I didn't get the job?! "Mom" is US English only I think. ngate's Discourse on HTTPS. I don't know how accurate it is, but it's a good read! http://n-gate.com/software/2017/07/12/0/ "So, like you, I thought there was only one way to interpret it." Wow. All I hear from you is condescending snark. Just letting you know, it's pretty toxic. Die Wand ( The Wall , 2012, Austria) - A woman on holiday in the mountains is suddenly trapped behind an invisible wall, with only animals as companions... The movie goes deep into human nature, how we live with nature and other life forms, and is comparably profound with the best writing on those subjects. Incredible. The Sea That Thinks (2000, Netherlands) - About the self, self-reference, meta-(meta-meta-)narrative, consciousness, illusion.. Wonderfully well-constructed. 2 of Kurosawa's: Dersu Uzala (1974), the story of the friendship of a Russian military map-maker and a Siberian hunter. Fascinating encounter of city man and nomadic hunter, two incompatible modes of living. (I think Yoda is based on Dersu, as Star Wars was based on Hidden Fortress ) ..and Ikiru (1952), about a boring goverment office worker who learns he's dying and wants to do something meaningful with his life at last. Series: My favourites are from France ( Engrenages , Les hommes de l’ombre , Le Bureau des Légendes , Un Village Français ) and Denmark ( Borgen , Arvingerne , Herrens veje / Ride Upon the Storm ). Maybe Un Village Français gets my top vote, the epic (7 seasons) story of a French village under Nazi occupation - the politicians, Resistance, communists, militia, Nazis, collaborators, Jews, businessmen etc. Unforgettably touching. Sorry, I have an annoying habit of chasing up fake-looking quotes. That one sounds like a 20th C American, and....indeed seems to be - apparently it's from a Jack Kornfield book, he was paraphrasing Don Juan in the Castaneda books, themselves fakes. Interesting discussion here:[0] Here's (I believe) an actual Buddha quote on the topic, which I've always liked/thought scary: This existence of ours is as transient as autumn clouds. To watch the birth and death of beings is like looking at the movements of a dance. A lifetime is like a flash of lightning in the sky, rushing by, like a torrent down a steep mountain. They sure could write in 600BC huh. [0] https://fakebuddhaquotes.com/the-trouble-is-you-think-you-ha... Thank you! I read further on that Fake Buddha quotes site (motto: "I Can't Believe It's Not Buddha!"), and learnt a lot from the comments and discussions, e.g. on this page[0] - like that some Buddha quotes I've 'known' for decades are just very bad mistranslations. Very grateful. [0] https://fakebuddhaquotes.com/we-are-what-we-think-all-that-w... You can search man pages by "/" then your search term, then press "n" to cycle forward, "N" to cycle back through occurrences. Transcribing about 40 seconds of voice audio. Agree, except I think it's more that it makes him (hazarding a wild guess it's a guy!) sound like a total jerk, an empty loser and an epic twat, probably with a tiny dick. William Zinsser's On Writing Well , about writing non-fiction articles, has a lot of examples of people (including scientists) writing beautifully about complex topics, and talks about style, audience, your voice etc. It's a very inspiring book. re blogging, I've found Jeff Atwood's articles on blogging on his Coding Horror blog to be wise and very helpful. Also Julia Evans' blog is a great example of someone sharing what they're learning in an inspiring, energetic and fun way. I don't see how any of that is relevant to the point: "You could have saved a dozen lives. Instead you bought a watch. I have a perfectly objective justification for holding you in perfect contempt." Okay, granted that 'perfect contempt' is a bit strong, the reasoning seems good to me, I understand it and sympathize. How much money they have left over or what they do with the rest etc doesn't affect that in the slightest. Does it? Yeah, sounds crazy, but.. I've noticed when new cafes open, if they're kind of expensive they often quickly get packed with trendy people. If they were cheap, that glamour just wouldn't be there. A lot of that, and a lot of the remarks on this page, seem to have to do with a glamour of money, a faintly sexual worship of money. And the 'love' in that seems love of themselves, and not in a good way. Probably an article's involving the USA increases its perceived on-topicness. Although a large majority of people on here aren't from or in the USA, 'Americans' on here often talk as if it's a 99.5% US discussion taking place on US soil. Sure. But also.."When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure." (a paraphrase of Goodhart's law) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodhart%27s_law I meant, just being a BBC article might make it more susceptible to being flagged for seeming off-topic than if it was from some US website. Always do what you are afraid to do. Practise. Seek out opportunities to make these weaknesses your strengths. There's Toastmasters and other groups to help, lots of books.. but mainly, practise, do them over and over again. A lot of the great speakers of history were terrible in their youth, or stuttered, or something--a lot of people who achieve greatness made extra effort because it meant more to them than to other people. etc. Good luck! (Disclosure: Not an expert.) Standard LaTeX, meaning what exactly? Since 1983 there's been LaTeX2, LaTeX2e, and amsmath and the hundreds of packages that are now standard. The LaTeX used nowadays is a lot of stuff built on top of the improved later versions of LateX, which itself was built on top of Plain Tex (itself built on Tex). I love how LaTeX/TeX is completely programmable, and anything particularly unreadable/messy can be made readable with user-defined commands, environments etc. Gee..that publication seems to be all right-wing conspiracies and "Trump's Critics Are Idiots" editorials. Such as this story. The thrust of it is, not that there has apparently been cooling, but conspiracy theories about why that isn't news - because of them evil stupid liberals/Democrats/socialists/etc. Works on my desktop too. Oh it's you Hans :-) So.. what's going on there? Bloody Americans. That's ridiculous. (2017) (1964) I saw that the whole thing was made up and that the game of success was just that, a game. I realized I could invent another game. I settled on a game called I am a contribution . Unlike success and failure, contribution has no other side... "How will I be a contribution today?" ... Just look carefully at the cover of the box, and if the rules do not light up your life, put it away, take out another one you like better, and play the game wholeheartedly. Remember, it's all invented. - Ben Zander, The Art of Possibility If you're willing to fail interestingly, you usually succeed interestingly. - Edward Albee While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior. - Henry C. Link Most people die of a kind of creeping common sense. They discover too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes. - Oscar Wilde Our business in this world is not to succeed, but to continue to fail, in good spirits. - R. L. Stevenson We do not know to-day whether we are busy or idle. In times when we thought ourselves indolent, we have afterwards discovered, that much was accomplished, and much was begun in us. - Emerson Hard Times . In this contradictory world of Truth the hard times come when the good times are in the world of commerce; namely, sleep, fulleating, plenty of money, care of it, and leisure; these are the hard times. Nothing is doing and we lose every day. - Emerson, journal I looked up AWK on wikipedia and was led to the "Data-driven programming" page, which seems to be talking about the kind of thing you mean. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data-driven_programming Good question. I think you mean "Why is there no online programming discussion forum"? [In the UK] "People were basically told to kill their pets and they did. They killed 750,000 of them in the space of a week - it was a real tragedy, a complete disaster" Maybe submit this again with a clickable-link title like every other story? Not sure what, but something went very wrong, maybe that URL is a clue. I know, right? Just the other day on here I read, mid-discussion of an unrelated subject, someone saying "like vegans" as a random example of an unreasonable, aggressive, troublesome, proselytizing group. I wanted to comment but couldn't think of anything....suitable to say. (vegan here) I don't know if they didn't think vegans would read it, or not care, or it didn't occur to them. "Actually". Ever wonder why you feel the need to insert that into your sentences? Moving on... 1. How about killing yourself? One might, if one was truly serious about reducing impact, or perhaps just to prove there is a "bigger way". 2. I don't know the name of that fallacy. You could pedantically object to any headline/finding in similar terms. "Smoking causes cancer" .. "As can be seen in graph X, the major problem is actually cigarettes, and not smoking in general." so...this is some kind of vague, bluffy justification for eating 'meat'? Uh, because otherwise you're "pretending"? Hmm there's an advertising slogan in there somewhere. Connect some dots for us, please. Well, some people have a "philosophy" that humans aren't the only life-form in the universe whose lives mean something, have value. Reading your post is for me a little like someone talking about slavery, how they like it, it has benefits, they don't feel a strong desire to stop, they've tried to cut down but don't see why they should stop completely, etc. It's kind of obscene. Or at best, like there's a huge elephant in the room. It's not all about you. I was brought up on a farm with cows we ate, later I ate hamburgers.. Then in my 20s it dawned on me that treating animals as they they're nothing but things for humans to eat only seemed ethically OK because it was the norm in my culture, (encouraged by a lot of now-super-gruesome-seeming TV ads on e.g. how delicious lambs are) and..because I'm human. A lot like how racism seemed OK if you're white, slavery if you're not a slave etc. It's a matter of widening your field of ethical concern from the arbitrary "Animals of my species, uh plus cats and dogs" line. Otherwise you will sound like, say, a white-supremacist racist talking as if only white people matter, all others have no value, mean nothing except as they can serve whites. (I have to use these analogies to try to get you to hear what meat-eater arguments sound like to me) Not trolling. Maybe you could say what's "wrong with this picture", unreasonable, instead of darkly implying..something. The animal-eating issue is unusual, in that it involves not only ethical considerations, but turns on whether you count groups of life-forms as worthy of any ethical consideration whatever or not. Similar to racism, slavery, etc. They either seem totally normal, or horrific and unimaginable. If you can think of other examples you'd prefer were used, let me know. That's the point, that to vegans, these are indeed apt comparisons, but to people used to treating e.g. cows as walking bags of "meat" whose only value is to people, they seem, well, like trolling, apparently. Yes, they are very different ethical outlooks on life, but to call one "unreasonable" because it's different from yours, isn't what the word means. Hi :-) I'm not sure what philosophy "it doesn't seem possible to apply universally".. Maybe "Killing any animal is wrong" (By any animal/person, for any reason, etc)? I don't think that. Also, I don't see this as an "argument in favor of eating less meat", or a "moral requirement".. Is it hard for you to not hunt, kill and eat people? Do you need arguments in favor of having less slaves. No.. Those things seem morally repugnant to most of us now, while they were normal in other times and places. Two points from the many that bear on this: 1. The line between "humans and uh cats and dogs" and everything else seems arbitrary, human-centric etc. "Those in my group have value, those outside are nothing" comes naturally to humans, but there's nothing reasonable about it. For me, I don't like pain. I think inflicting pain/suffering is bad--not to mention painless killing, which seems worse than inflicting suffering. I would prefer someone inflicted pain on me than killed me painlessly! (How strange that I felt the need to explicitly make that point.) There is a range of life-forms on this planet, from simple to complex, some of which, like single-cell bacteria, viruses, probably don't feel pain. (Neither do trees, it seems--they can't run away so it didn't evolve. But I respect them for other reasons. I hate seeing heavily graffitied trees, I wonder who could do that desecration.) There seems no obvious line to draw between animals whose pain/suffering, and lives, are worthy of ethical consideration, and those whose aren't. (And conveniently, we put humans at the top of that range, presumably other animals might see things differently) Doctors/vets kill lower-life forms to save higher ones. Personally, I put it fairly low (Oysters?..).. but to save worrying about the exact place to draw the line, I've found it simpler (and painless, I've never missed 'it') to avoid animal products altogether. 2. The matter of need. If it's a matter of killing animals for food or dying, I would do the same. (or even eating people, see the movie Alive .) If it's a matter of, for you and I, wanting a steak, when there's no need whatsoever, it's an entirely different thing. I stopped dairy products when I learnt about what people do to cows and their babies in that industry. And learn about factory farming of chickens, pigs, cows, go on a tour of an abattoir--the gruesome realities are hidden from us. Also, I'm just talking about ethical considerations for humans, how we treat other life-forms. Because we realize other people than ourselves matter, other species than ourselves. (Not really sure what to say about the lions in your example.) Wow. Um.. I don't think I acted indignant, certainly didn't feel it. "All that matters is that it riles up those you see as morally inferior to yourself. You chose that analogy because you get off on the reaction it gets, plain and simple." Wow, going to stop reading right there. That kind of hate and unsurpassable bad faith doesn't deserve to be read, let alone answered. Yes, but....the usage you apparently objected to is how the word theory is used in the world, i.e. it's one of the meanings of the word. At least, I looked in a couple of dictionaries and they gave sentences just like the one you objected to, as examples of correct usage. Yes, in science, the word has a narrower meaning; I'm sure people on here know that. Diogenes Laertius is a fun read, full of entertaining stories and....urban myths, probably most of which never happened. The article admits that then says "Did you know..." as if it's all fact. By the way if you haven't, read Plutarch, who is vastly superior in every way, and taught history and practical wisdom to people for a thousand years, and goes on doing so. That's one of the greatest comments I've read on here. 100% gringo here, UK-born Australian. About 10 years ago I started meeting latin americans online (also filipinos), I liked them so much I learnt spanish and was soon chatting online 95% with latin american friends. Played Clash of Clans in a colombian clan hehe, love watching online chess tournament commentary in spanish etc. Am starting to love Portuguese too. I've come to hate the word "American" meaning estadounidense, its arrogance and effrontery; I try not to ever use it. (It was hard not to respond below to the many astoundingly ignorant, half-coherent comments on that subject.) I love the 'underdog' feeling of the online latin community. It's largely from the language barrier I guess, non-english speakers being 2nd-class netizens. And the people are happier, nicer, friendlier than those in the West.. I really got to disliking white culture. I noticed that in latin america, the darker the skin and less European the people, the more I liked them. The only really ignorant, ugly, self-deluded people I came across in the world, meeting people in many countries, were White/anglo people - UK, Australia, especially the USA. There seem to be whole towns there full of white people bigoted and ignorant way below anything I've experienced in other countries. (I can never stand this site very long, with its own superior brand of those same qualities. It's not an air I want to spend my life breathing.) I started warning latin americans who wanted to learn english to be careful, that it's poison. I didn't want them to lose their....total non-anglo-ness. I'm not sure why it's like this. Maybe the Catholicism, the history etc. Maybe just that white people are crazier.[0] I'm not into "Proud to be nationality X", but maybe some latin pride wouldn't go astray here, or, you know, pride not being white anglos. Also, I saw in some movie someone saying that the greatest latin american contribution to the world is the latina; there's something to that. :-) I feel fortunate to have been able to make latin americans and latin culture a huge part of life, to learn that it's superior in many ways to the one I grew up in. [0] See how cruel the whites look. Their lips are thin, their noses sharp, their faces furrowed and distorted by folds. Their eyes have a staring expression; they are always seeking something. What are they seeking? The whites always want something; they are always uneasy and restless. We do not know what they want. We do not understand them. We think they are mad. - a New Mexican Indian chief, to Jung EDIT: Would the downvoters care to explain why? It's not a surprise :-) but hearing why would be....enlightening. Thanks. The last 6 months or so I've been using TeXShop to make LaTeX files of everything I'm learning about, i.e. to produce beautiful-looking pdfs. It's going great. I have 2 or 3 files I'm working on currently; there's another few on specific themes, which will be books or papers. One is a daily diary-type one to put everything I'm learning in: names of books, papers, videos, extracts, pictures, links, quotes, extracts, my thoughts. Chapters in that one spin off into their own file when they get big enough. Another is on all the little LaTeX/TeX things I've been learning about. Before I started doing this, most of the daily stuff I do - papers and books read, thoughts about it, good pages/paragraphs - would be lost. And I have a bunch of old notebooks with everything disorganized that I've never looked at again. I'm into so many different things, keeping records about it has always been a problem for me until now. I know, sounds weird huh. Things I like about this system: hyperlinks, internal links, footnotes, endnotes are super-easy. Anything that isn't super-easy, you can just make a new LaTeX command or environment to make it super-easy. Easy to insert pictures, cropped or scaled. Mostly, the compiled pdfs look so nice, it's a great pleasure to work on them. TikZ is sometimes the best way I know to make professional-looking diagrams of stuff. So yeah, learning LaTeX (and basic TeX) isn't much fun, a few months of hard work, but StackExchange and a few LaTeX books makes it fairly painless. There are included packages that do most things you could want, the documentation that comes with them is almost always impressive. (Compared with man pages, at least!) Most of the learning time is learning how to use all these packages. I'm no expert, but I've stopped consulting SE and books; I know enough for my purposes. Also, the stuff ends up in in a virtually ready-to-publish state. Also I write quick plans, diagrams, pseudocode, ideas etc with ballpoint pens in notebooks and on graph paper. Emerson's Essays. SARK's first 4 or 5 books. The Sirens of Titan . Stevenson's essays. Downvoting you in the hope that more people do that and you will have an answer to your question. Ok thank u downvoters, I shan't waste any more time posting on HN. I downloaded Sage, and Sage uses it. I was getting into solving mathematical problems by setting them in the appropriate number system - like finding the perfect data structure for a problem, so the answer drops out. Then realized Cython is a zillion times faster (took a while to learn how to get it to run at full speed) and now use that for everything. All documentaries by: Scott Noble (available free at his site http://metanoia-films.org/ ), Patricio Guzman, Werner Herzog, Adam Curtis, The Yes Men. Other great documentaries: Man with a Movie Camera, Sherman's March, Burden of Dreams, Bus 174, My Winnipeg, How to Start a Revolution, Merchants of Doubt, Silenced (2014), the Corporation (2003), Man on Wire, The Parking Lot Movie, Land of Look Behind, Intangible Asset No. 82, Brasileirinho, Jodorowsky's Dune, Revolution OS, Facebookistan, The King of Kong, Kumaré, McLibel, Harlan County USA Why? Because they're amazing, important, will change your life etc. Sorry I don't have hours to go into detail. Enjoy! ps I found a lot of these by googling best documentaries lists, IMDb lists etc. I judge whether to watch movies/docos by reading 2 or 3 pages of user reviews on IMDb, occasionally Ebert or Urban Cinefile etc also. Most of the time people get rich by doing exactly what you want to do: help others. But is that true? You have a feeling it is; I have a feeling it's not. I don't know if there's research on the (rather vague and hard-to-define) question, but that would be interesting to find out. I guess you aren't thinking of inherited wealth, which may be how most people actually get rich. Then there's the people who got rich from investing. Then the people who get rich from e.g. making weapons. Then.. (a dozen other categories omitted) I suspect it's rather small percentage left, but I'm guessing. Apologies if you aren't also. Twelve is used because it has certain properties of divisibility that make life easier for the musician. Not true. It's used because (in short) when you try to construct a scale from octaves and fifths, finding a certain number of octaves that are close to another number of fifths (which comes to finding continued fraction approximants to 117/200, i.e. log 3/log 2 - 1) there are very few contenders, and only 12 notes per octave has neither too few nor too many for our tastes. It's based on the coincidence that 7 octaves is very nearly 12 fifths, i.e. 2^7~(3/2)^12. Also, the idea that symmetry sounds nice is intuitively appealing, but nothing sounds better to us, more pleasing, than the (highly irregular) major scale, or scarier, more ominous than diminished and augmented chords - musically, a square and equilateral triangle. Or more disorienting than a whole tone scale - a hexagon. Thanks. I guess by "in capitalism the only way to succeed" you mean, make a lot of money. The main way I hear of people doing this is the CEOs getting tens of millions for doing I'm not sure what. Even for getting fired or doing nothing but harm they make that much sometimes, or often. I'm not sure what you mean "the logical reasoning behind this idea is solid". I guess you meant "In theory, under capitalism..", but the reality is very different. Hmm that's not quite what I was saying - symmetry in scales in actually unpleasant, asymmetry pleasant. It seems that with these symmetrical scales/chords, the ear suffers vertigo, cognitive dissonance, because it can't hear a tonal centre. With e.g. a major scale, the asymmetry makes it obvious what key you're in. or 1 and a 2 and a.. You write, I'm not sure why, as if you are an imposing genius addressing someone with grave intellectual disabilities. It's unfathomable to me by what process you decided our drummer friend is in denial of, has no intellectual understanding of, the bleeding obvious. What you say is mostly the exceedingly basic needlessly expressed in a long-winded way. But perhaps I don't 'intellectually understand' it either. That's the most interesting, thought-provoking comment I've read on here for a long while. (I bother saying that, because it's been, amazingly, downvoted and accused of being closer to saying nothing than anything.) Haha! I originally in fact had the sentence "Drummer jokes are just jokes!" but edited it out. (disclosure: musician/composer) In the real world, heroes get handcuffed - see the excellent documentary about US government whistleblowers Silenced (2014) I wish I could do this with subtitles! I hate waiting years for subtitles to TV series and obscure movies to become available. Ones in European languages mostly e.g. Cordon season 2 has been out for years, no English subs available. Latest season of Rita , out for a year, no English subs. The Colombian Ugly Betty , impossible to find many years later. I waited a couple of years for the latest season of Engrenages etc. Maybe there could be a fixed priced online, which you could contribute towards. I won't pay for movies/tv now, but I'd sure pay for subtitles! Divided between many people, it wouldn't cost much. Not sure how to ensure high quality subs. (I contributed to doing subs on viki years ago, which seemed like a good thing, but it disappeared, taking all the subtitles with it.) There are many jobs like that on freelance sites e.g. Upwork Oh, I had't heard of that. I haven't consulted my friend Google yet, but could you name some of those sites? Thanks. (Sorry to nitpick, but) I think you mean "learning method"? A method is a method; a methodology is the reasons, rationale, explanation for why you've used that particular method. I see this error everywhere, although it's much longer and incorrect. I guess it sounds/looks impressive, kinda scientific. Thanks! Hmm does sound a bit inaccessible though, and for obscure classics, not really what I had in mind: "Karagarga is a members-only torrent tracker. That is to say it is a file-sharing archive closed to the public and accessible by exclusive invitation alone. These coveted invitations are given out to only the highest ranked users(VIP and Uploaders)." I didn't quite understand your question, but yes it's really an error. No, that's not what methodology means. Although if everyone uses it to mean the same as method , as seems increasingly the case, then that will be what it means and be printed in dictionaries. Personally, I like short words and think they should be preferred, besides the two concepts being entirely different. Well, they're both Indo-European - evolved from the same language. All these had a huge impact on me. The descriptions are inadequate, I've just tried to mention the subject matter. Deborah Tannen, You Just Don't Understand - how males and females talk different languages. Lakoff & Johnson, Metaphors We Live By - how our language and thoughts are built from a fabric of conceptual metaphors. Philosophy In The Flesh is about the conceptual metaphors that philosophy is built from. Jonathan Glover, Humanity: A Moral History of the Twentieth Century - WWI, WWII and other wars, nazism, communism etc Plutarch's Lives - biographies and stories from famous ancient Greeks and Romans. Amazing how little's changed. Lin Yutang, The Importance of Understanding - introduced me to ancient Chinese philosophers. The Importance of Living - introduced me to ancient Chinese writers, poets and the Chinese way of life. Hofstadter, Gödel, Escher, Bach - read it when I was 14, and I was into music, art and programming, so it blew my mind. Susan Faludi, STIFFED - men, work, jobs, masculinity, 20th C Walter Lippmann, Public Opinion - media, war, propaganda, democracy Noam Chomsky's political books E.F. Schumacher, Small is Beautiful - the world, development, government, planning, organization, humanity, sustainability J.R. Saul, Voltaire's Bastards - power, history, democracy, technocracy, reason, rationality, history from late 18th C until today. Raymond Williams, Culture and Society 1780-1950 - the anti-industrialist tradition, politics, culture, society and the new language describing these things Clifford Pickover, Computers, Patterns, Chaos, and Beauty - programming, mathematics, art, fractals, dynamical systems etc Ben Zander, The Art of Possibility - hard to explain, kind of advanced self-help, the magic of changing attitudes, expectations, habits. My favourite non-fiction books of all time, though, are the essays of Emerson, Hazlitt, RL Stevenson, GK Chesterton, Santayana, Bertrand Russell. And the books of Nietzsche, SARK and Robert Fulghum. I read CS Lewis' Mere Christianity , expecting something impressive, given its huge reputation. Nuh-uh. The crux of his argument, astoundingly, was nothing more than "Either Jesus was who he said he was, or he was mad. Therefore he was who he said he was." It was embarrassing. That's a bit snarky. Most of it was written as non-fiction. Your descendant will be denouncing a 21st C physics book on HN as fiction in 500 years time. I guess you haven't read, for example, Proverbs (just a load of great proverbs) or Ecclesiastes (very dark view of life - nihilistic, sceptical, world-weary) - they're great stuff. (disclosure: total atheist) Gee, I hadn't heard of that. The Australian prime minister Gough Whitlam only learnt of it when the Attorney-General raided ASIO, Australia's version of the FBI, in 1973. Wikipedia says UKUSA is pronounced yoo-koo-SAH . Rather appropriate - yakuza are "members of transnational organized crime syndicates"... Of course, thank you! Corrected. Who you are is almost entirely contained within your genes Well, that doesn't sound right either. It's not easy to put what is correct in a nutshell, I think. Your annoyance with everyone who doesn't agree with your understanding seems unreasonable. For one thing, if what the people who annoy you write is almost entirely determined by their genes, why be angry about that? I'm no expert; I should rewatch Robert Sapolsky's excellent 25-part lecture series on the biology of human behavior[0], which covers this question in depth from a number of perspectives. It's by a long way the best lecture series I've seen. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNnIGh9g6fA&list=PL150326949... It also has the best motto on the internet: The very definition of class. "Producing and distributing content that ridicules, mocks, provokes and disrupts public order, religious values and public morals through social media ... will be considered a cybercrime punishable by a maximum of five years in prison and a fine of three million riyals ($800,000)" I chat with friends, online or in person. I watch great movies, documentaries and tv series from around the world. Read Gail Sheehy's Passages . It talks about the different phases of life - life in your 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s etc. Without that reference, when there's unease it's hard to know what's "you" and what's "just being human". I certainly found it very enlightening. Well.. I might be an outlier, I use OmniWeb and Camino as they give the best results with my 2005 Mac. So I'm still living in the Pre-=> Age. Huh? Wouldn't that suggest they'd satirize you online? Do it before your job, get up early. Whether you need 1 hour, 2 or 3, whatever's best. Once you develop the habit things become easier, it will be hard not to do it. It's very energizing having already done a satisfying day's work, it's like 2 days in 1. People have been doing this for a long time. I remember reading about 19th C novelists who wrote their novels by writing for an hour each morning before their day job. This is her interviewed at length on The Open Mind about her subsequent book Pathfinders . Very inspiring. http://www.thirteen.org/openmind-archive/aging/pathfinders/ Can't think of a good name? So think of a bad name for it. You will automatically think about what's wrong with the bad name and a better one will occur to you, etc. Also, worrying about the perfect name at the start is extremely premature optimization - often/usually the purpose of things changes, or you realize it wasn't what you thought it was, or you come to understand it better, or it gets split or combined etc. The wikipedia page on Fredkin & Toffoli's billiard ball computer[0] mentions a 2011 paper Robust Soldier Crab Ball Gate [1] co-authored by Andrew Adamatzky of the Unconventional Computing Centre: "Soldier crabs Mictyris guinotae exhibit pronounced swarming behavior. Swarms of the crabs are tolerant of perturbations. In computer models and laboratory experiments we demonstrate that swarms of soldier crabs can implement logical gates when placed in a geometrically constrained environment." [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billiard-ball_computer [1] http://wpmedia.wolfram.com/uploads/sites/13/2018/02/20-2-2.p... Not that difficult: I use Cython because it's incomparably faster than Python, and anything Pythony I don't like, I can write in C-style, and vice versa. So if you were starving to death, you wouldn't consider stealing some food to survive, but would hold firm to your principle "Poverty is not justification to excuse bad or illegal behavior"..and die? No. It sounds like the principle of someone who's never been near poverty. In this world, being rich is more often the justification, if any were asked for, of bad and illegal behaviour, and on a grand scale. Well, I read recently that most of the plastic in the seas is from dumped fishing nets. Not so high-tech. That's from humans not wanting to stop/not knowing/caring? about eating fish and other sea animals. ..all those billions of them? Meanwhile in the rest of the world...everyone's on there. Tell them not to be so embarrassingly naïve and provincial, if they can. It sounds like maybe you would like the genre of aphorisms. By definition, there's no filler at all. My favourites (which are also mostly those with the highest reputation, don't just take my word for it) are: La Rochefoucauld's Maxims - scathing about your character and it's fabric of vanity and self-love. I find it very funny, for all the terrible things he's always saying about me. It was all polished in the 17th french salons to say the most with the fewest words. La Bruyere - Characters - slightly longer average length, mostly less savage than La R, still he knows how to sink the boot into humanity, men, women. An example: Children are haughty, disdainful, quick to anger, envious, curious, self-seeking, lazy, fickle, timid, intemperate, untruthful, secretive; they laugh and weep readily; the most trivial subjects give them immoderate delight or bitter distress; they wish not to be hurt, but they like hurting others: they are men already. Didn't see that coming, did you. :-) Lichtenberg - Aphorisms - He was a scientist, thinker, wondering about everything, questioning everything. All these were favourites of Nietzsche, whose work contains a lot of aphorisms, although it's mostly written in self-contained paragraphs. (except Zarathustra and Untimely Essays ) Gracian's Art of Worldly Wisdom also is written in short paragraphs, and I'd say filler-free. It's a guide to living, maybe the best one I know. There are a lot of wonderful aphorisms in Emerson, Boswell's Johnson, Kierkegaard, Oscar Wilde etc although I guess they "spend a lot of words on filler", but I thought I'd mention them.