I think there is this big confusion about jobs and money. And that the psychological view is overlooked. We want to feel important. And we want freedom to do whatever we want to do. While automation gives more freedom, it makes us feel less important? What we can do with a washing machine, everyone else can do too. But the question is, do they want to? With more automation we will see more and more services. And even more possibilities. The reason why you understand this better then numbers might be because you are more visual orientated. The web is for information. It was not made to emulate desktop or mobile applications. That said. Information can mean many things. And there will be hybrids. You can do offline apps in HTML+CSS+JS right now, but it's a PITA: var a = document.createElement("a"); a.appendChild(document.createTextNode("hacker news"); a.setAttribute("href", " https://news.ycombinator.com/ "); If your app contains information, it's best suited for the www. But if it only contains a canvas, it's more suited as a native app. The problem you see is what I like about the language. The javascript languages is great because I'm not forced into other peoples way of thinking. With javascript I can choose my own paradigms. module system: You can implement your own. Node JS has one built in. verbose syntax: Use an editor that support macros. But compared to dot net and Java, the JS syntax is not verbose at all. getters and setters: I actually love not having to to write getters and setters every time I want to add a property. One important part in JS though is good naming. You can't get away with naming everything x, y, z, a, b, c, etc. Once you figure out that everything in JS is objects, it will be much easier. What is happening, but going so slow we do not notice it. Is that the www is merging with the application. What annoys me though, is that we still use "word", "excel" and PDF. Well not me, but everyone else seem to do it. The HTML was a good invention, but too bad so few people use it. Maybe hyper text sounds too old and and maybe a sexier name is all it needs to become popular again. I'd say blame the people that don't want more then 10 Mbit. And think that everyone who has 10+ Mbit only use it for "illegal activities". What's with the Node JS architecture that makes it not suitable for compute-heavy tasks? I'm developing an MMO server in Node JS. So this is welcome in for example Vector calculations. The reason I choose JS is that I can write "dumbed down" code, that just anyone with JS experience can manage. Hopefully, JS will be just as fast as optimized C++ in the near future ... First you will ignore it, then laughs at it ... In Node JS you can spawn child processes. It's also designed to be asynchronous. But what I like about JS is that it doesn't force me into paradigms. And when you run something heavy in Node JS the VM can use many threads. So I think it's weird to say it's single threaded. Aren't all programming languages single threaded then? These losers wouldn't even dare to touch a RL girl. Even though it would be perfectly legal to have sex with someone as young as 16 or even 12 in many countries. So why make their lives any more miserable? Those who abuse girls IRL should burn in hell though. It makes sense so ship an editor with a reader. So that you can communicate both ways, both create and consume. Now we only need a way to share! Does this mean we can run JS on embedded systems / low cost CPU ? That would be awesome. I think what happens with all intermediate or senior programmers is that we start to think about the best solution instead of just getting the job done. Most code we write will either not be used or eventually rewritten anyways. Try Kerbal Space Program. If you do multi line strings you could probably do it in a smarter way. Examples: appendChild instead of innerHTML .html file instead of html inside a .js file. .css file instead of css inside a .js file. It can get very messy if you store "data" inside JS. Especially if you store markup or styling in the JS. The program is probably hooking into the web browser, because you need to start some Origin games (BF 3) via the browser! Yeh, I'm not joking. A similar thing happened for me with Googleupdate.exe it scanned all my hard drives ... They don't do it any more but I still remove googleupdate.exe every time it magically gets installed on my system. What are total human height doing there? And what is it? Btw, US get more tax revenue every year then there are galaxies in the universe ... I failed PC in HS. I'm the only one who took that class that is a computer professional today. These classes only scare people away from computers. It would be far more effective teaching "hacks" and how to find information on the Internet. What is it in hexadecimal? What I think would be a limited factor is the bandwidth: You need at least 35 megabit per second for streaming full HD video+sound ... While most people are stuck on 5 Mbit Internet or 50 GB/month quota. One of the problems with encrypting almost everything, even pictures of your dog, is that it no longer brings suspicion ... And programs like these can send any information without you knowing about it. Encrypted data is not a security protection, it's a security risk! Because you have no idea what information they send. Probably a lot more then they tell you, because there's no way you can find out. A friend of mine lost the left side of his brain ... And he's all right now! This needs to be ported to JavaScript, or at least update the Math library to include Vectors. What many people seem to overlook is that gravity is linked to time (space time)! So instead of the "black hole" being massive, it could be that time is running fast! When astronomers measure the mass of the black hole, they simply measure the acceleration of nearby stars, using newton's formula. They might use fancy words, but the math is very basic. Now, if time ran faster, like if you made the measurements while accidentally having the video speed in fast forward. The stars would accelerate faster, and you would get a higher mass. While multitasking is bad for productivity, most workplaces require multitasking ... Some people even perform better while multi-tasking. So I think it varies a lot from person to person. Sometimes I wonder if ppl actually know there's more stuff in the world then what the eye can see. Like that there's more stuff in the universe, then just the glowing stars. > I can buy the game new with free prime shipping for $17.99 which makes the "rent 90 days for $30" rather odd I would say the 90 days is the "evil" option, because it makes the others seem like a bargain. There's a lot of psychological in in sales because it's almost impossible to "value" something. All you can do is to compare it to market prices. I especially like the "and get something extra for FREE" trick. :P Doesn't all modern programming languages has Loose typing? It allows more abstraction. Like for example in JavaScript where a object can be anything! I wonder about the legal aspect of this, since Diplomacy is a fairly modern game. Do they have permission from the creator of Diplomacy? Or is it fully legal to take a board game and make a web version of it? One side of taxing work is that it creates an incentive for automation. What I find interesting is that many papers use references from the 70's and some times even 100 years old, in where they used very crude tools to come to certain conclusions. I'm not saying we should discard old science discoveries, but it would be interesting redoing the experiments with today's technology. I've been thinking about this (JavaScript object persistent storage) for a while: The dilemma is circular objects and the prototype chain. What should be taken from the run-time and what should be taken from the persistent object? So if they aren't falling. What are they doing? I can't believe OCR has not been solved yet. The only one even close is OmniPage. In the past, when I used to cheat at various web games by running scripts, this would've been a wet dream. When making gravity simulations you need to "cheat" a little to make the planets and the stars keep a stable orbit. It makes one amaze over how stable our own star system is. Wouldn't it be much easier if lets-encrypt just created the .crt .key files!? Rather then set it up automagically. You could have it run once a year via crontab. I would like to keep the control of my .conf files. I don't know any games besides chess and tic tac toe where a bot have been able to beat a good player ... I did some testing a while ago in V8 engine and didn't see any performance benefits using bitwise operations. It seems the engine do these optimizations anyway! I wouldn't recommend anyone doing optimizations in especially JavaScript unless it's really needed. Remember that optimizations are the root of all evil! With the Opera browser it takes over a second to load the GUI whenever I click something, and the overall design looks like it has been made by someone making his/her first homepage. No wonder they decided to use something that encourage in-line HTML where code and design get entangled like a pile of spaghetti - making it almost impossible to maintain. In the last years JavaScript has exploded with new frameworks and "compile to JS languages". But I have yet seen anything close to usable. Maybe it's because I've become "speed blind" after coding JS for over 15 years. I do not see all the problems ppl see in JavaScript, until I look at code written by beginners that seem to use every framework out there, and over-complicate the code, and naming everything with one letter variables and the name of their favorite pizzas. Lets say you have a bunch of textures and want to create a pattern for each of them. Most people would do it like this: for(var i=0; i Witch will summon the evil closure: for(var i=0; i But if you used my silver bullet: Avoid anonymous functions - the root of evil ... for(var i=0; i The web page looks like a marketing scam ... At least show me a presentation or developing video. When I watch or listen to anything for the second time I only get about 75% of the enjoyment out of it. But it might be something wrong with me ... Possible because they don't want USA/NSA to read their mail. And probably because they can't force Google to let them read "their" mail. Kinda exactly like HN works, very addictive! Interesting observation. I think, the more abstraction, the more productive you can be. This is the best article I've read in years. This guy understands economics, design, copy-writing and apparently knows how to code. What usually would need a whole team of highly educated professionals he seems to do all by himself ... I really enjoyed Spotify and had many play-lists with my favorite music. But when the discovery of new music declined and I got bored with my play-lists I closed the account and have never opened it again. The curve never go up, but with some songs it have flattened and those are my favorites. But it has more to to with the feelings associated to those pieces then the music itself. It would be interesting to work on Amazon and decide how many off-line CPU's you should have ready to "spin up" if needed ... Also considering Moore's law. Selling to private persons is a bureaucratic nightmare in EU! If you managed to market your app and managed to get paid, you now have to be registered for VAT in the country you are selling to. And there are tons of rules like 10 day money back return that are enforced by law in most countries. If you serve adds (or crapware) instead, you get a monthly paycheck witch require minimal accounting work or customer support. NW.js has both the Browser JavaScript API's and the Node.js API's. It is bleeding edge technology witch enable you to make desktop applications the same way you make web apps. It can be weird if you are used to HTTP server > client as it's possible within a script tag to use Node.js API's. An advantage with going desktop instead of browser is that you can do much more and it's easier to sell your application. There are for example already games on Steam that are just web apps, but using NW and run "natively" on the desktop. You do not need an SDK, or full blown IDE, just use your usual tools. I program in Notepad myself. Just write html and JS files and treat NW as just another browser. Then package and distribute your app and the user wont notice or care that they are using a "browser". Compared to the Canvas 2d API, OpenGL is VERY hard to get into. It's very low level compared to the rest of the browser API's. It's a very sad story behind this. How they marketed directly to the DayZ community claiming that their game would be 10 times better then DayZ. Basically trying to over-run Dean Hall, the one man developer of DayZ, who had it very though at the time, with a horde of angry gamers demanding updates. Dean was basically making nothing developing DayZ because he wasn't allowed to monetize it (because it was a Arma2 mod). While the War-Z team made tons of cache on pre-purchases even before their game had been released. The War-Z totally deserved the shit-storm when players discovered they didn't even live up to half of all the promises and hype. Why don't you use sublime while "editing somewhere else"? Make sure you start high then request a 5% raise Every year! If you wait five years and request 25% it's Never gonna happen! If possible, try to get 2.5% every six month. Thanks! I was hopping someone would interpret that. Also, your boss probably hates these talks just like you do, and want to get you out of the room as fast as possible. So go low and often. Most people will actually endure a sign-up process. We are so used to it. But you should stop asking for an e-mail address! Or make it optional. I always start "backwards" by writing some example code. QBasic was also how I started programming. When I found out you can edit the code ... I printed programs on the school printer. Then typed it in when I got home, as we did not have any Internet. Sometimes I got banned for printing non-school-work. I've heard similar stories from people printing machine code, so I guess it wasn't that bad writing QBasic. This is very impressive! The most advanced JS 2d rigid body physics engine to date! You can do a lot of optimization though, probably double the speed. Tip: V8 loves objects and hates parsing strings. Your functional spaghetti style is a bit weird though. I hate using the "find in file" function in my editor. I wanted to "rip" some of the functionality, but it's so entangled I would probably need all your other functions too to make it work. But maybe that's intended :P Many people, me included, would be willing to pay for an engine like this. I tried your "Game physics for beginners" but I'm too stupid to understand all the articles from math professors. I could probably learn, but I rather pay someone who understands. But for me to use your engine, the API needs to be much easier! Something like this: var box1 = new Body(size, position); var world = new World({gravity: 9.8}); world.add(box1); world.render(); console.log('New position: ' + box1.position); Box2D is ported from C++ to Flash and then from ActionScript to JavaScript. So it might be slow to get updates and bug fixes. But it looks usable and seems to have the same features as Matter.js Math is good for explaining some logic, but I wish it was more verbose and used less global scope. Probably they are changing business plan to take 25-30% of each app ever sold for the OS instead of just charging for the OS itself. Finally, you do not have to port your app to all devices. And hopefully you, as a user will be able to control how much access each app has to the computer. Imagine buying a new smart-phone with lets say Android, then you install Windows 10 on it instead and everything just works. The only problem I see is that they need to make the SDK easier for me to start making native apps instead of web apps. Especially the UI part. The computer could probably store moves that ended up in a win. Or collecting statistics on what moves have a higher chance ending up in a win. Maybe sexual education should include computer security too. Now when many people have relations over the Internet. Just like you learn to protect yourself with condoms, you should also learn to protect yourself with strong passwords and encryption. Google can not see JS-rendered stuff. They only do simple HTTP-requests. Googlebot doesn't even load the .js files ... Try searching your http log for \.js.*Googlebot Write simpler code. Wasn't the goal of windows 10 to run on any system?? I don't get it ... But hey, it took about six month for me to figure out how to write asynchronous JavaScript ... The key is to not use anonymous functions, it will flatten out the "Christmas tree" of callbacks. And it makes it possible to read what the code does, or at least what the programmer wants the code to do. It's much better then "then", then what, but, then, why complicate things when it's actually possible to be verbose. For composability in JS I use small utility modules like "inOrder": function beforeWifeComesHome() { takeTheTrashOut(); function takeTheTrashOut() { inOrder([openDoor, goOut, emptyTrash, goIn, closeDoor]); } } But it would be easier to let the compiler take care of the async calls and insert callbacks automatically so that you can think synchronously while the program works asynchronously. And if you want to run stuff in parallel you should use child processes. The more your learn, the more there is to learn! Have a look at: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... http://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es5/#Object.definePrope... I'm currently working on a data persistence module with database backend in Node.js using Object.defineProperty that define get and set. Metrics alone is not worth much. But if the app could help you optimize for higher gains, it would make it valuable. The police are usually very trigger happy in these situations. This is very dangerous and could easily get someone killed! Effective 20 November 2013, Google Checkout is shut down and no longer processing payments. So how can I receive money now? More then people sending via gmail? Thinking about that metaphor. I guess our current network is built for low latency, not high bandwidth!? Trying not to offensive. Two years ago I would find this useful. But I'm so glad I learned Node.js where this can be accomplished with high level sockjs module and nginx in less then five minutes. https://github.com/sockjs But for most people that would be 4 Years at a sub-par pay, while the employer would make six figures off your work and then when you humbly ask for a raise thinking you've earned it they'll say; "sorry, not possible.". Most people will appreciate stability more then language features. I'm a bit surprised about some of the comments here. I think mostly about the end users, those who depend on the software. The last thing you want is to get some weird errors because of a bug in the latest V8 engine. Those bugs tend to never show in development, and is not found in unit testing. But will show up in production when you have thousands of people using it. And there's often nothing you can do about them, then maybe downgrading, or wait for the next Node.JS version. I can see all sides of the arguments here. I do love API's, but I hate "frameworks", especially when they consist of useless functions like function _MY_framework.enterprise.displayMessageInConsole(msg) { console.log(msg); } That does something that would actually be easier in vanilla JS. All years of writing JS may have made me blind, but that's how I see most JS frameworks. Mostly useless. That said, manipulating the DOM in JS is a PITA. I can totally understand why you would want to do it another way. I guess the DOM is not meant to be manipulated with ... And breaks if JS is turned off. I think in the near future in maybe 5-6 years we'll see apps that are a mix of Browser and Native. That has the protected environment like a browser, that ask for permission to use hardware features, that can be accessed through high level API's, have native performance and run by typing an domain address much like WWW. Including the address to your page would help ;) Lets assume you get 100 ms higher latency with wireless. And you make around 100 clicks per day. Over your lifetime, you would have lost one hour of your life because you used wireless! When you are on the death bed you will think about all the things you could have used that hour for instead! Lets take it a step further and count everyone who is using wireless today, that would be millions of hours lost. Think about what those millions of hours could have been used for instead! That hour might be nothing for you, but for the whole humanity, it's a lot! When I make web apps today, the HTTP is only used to serve the client application. Basically, it would be equivalent of wget http://mydomain/myapp make run But with the benefit of running in a (browser's) protected environment .. The above would be OK in linux running jailed, but a possible catastrophe in Windows where you basically run everything with root (although that has and will probably change in later Windows releases). Once the "client" has been downloaded and running, all communications are done via Websockets. So it's no longer a HTTP-application or "REST". What makes it so convenient is that the user can both download and run the application in ONE click (no install, yet cached). Without worrying about malware, so I don't need their thrust. And the client can run on basically all devices and OS's, so no need for porting. WOW Thanks. There are some very good advice in there. Do you know any more articles in this area? Or how to manage a community in general!? I've tried and failed to get gammu wammu to work. Tried both an old usb stick and and old mobile phone. Can you recommend any usb stick that works with your program that cost less then $100 and can be ordered from the EU ? It has to support micro sim and both send and receive SMS. Here's an article about "speed matters" for those that don't think latency is important. http://blog.codinghorror.com/speed-still-matters/ Home automation is not something you can install yourself, unless you are a full stack programmer, and with full stack I mean also PCB's and micro-controllers. Surprisingly there's a lot of cheap consumer stuff out there, witch can easily be modified to do what you want. Some of them are "unhackable" though. The trick is to make everything automated. And use a high level language like JS to make it smart. Yes, I write my home automation in JavaScript :P One huge aspect of the problem is that the browser developers are in bed with the search engines. Whatever you type in the address bar, it will be redirected to Google or Bing. I would almost go so far as to say browsers and search engines are killing the web. It's no longer a web. People will tell you to not depend on the search engines. But what do you do now when you are blocked? Start advertising on AdWords? LOL! My advice is to build a community. Get people involved with your site, make them return often. This is some scary shit! JavaScript is a mainstream language. That means average people like myself can be very productive with it. It is easy to learn and it's easy to find people who can maintain JS code. But it seems you need to be an academic in programming languages just to figure out what these new features do, and why they are needed. I'm afraid that the rapid development will make it harder to learn the language. And will introduce a lot of pitfalls and edge cases. Or maybe I'm just afraid of change!? I've never read any programming books or taken any classes, I've just read a lot of code written by others and also written some myself. Here's my advice after 15 years of reading both brilliant and shitty JS code: a) Don't use anonymous functions ... You want your program to be easy to understand, so come up with a name for the function and put it as a sub-function at the bottom of the current function. b) I love the Nodejs implementation of modules and I would say it's the main reason behind Nodejs success. But it doesn't make sense in the HTTP world. Imagine having to download 100 dependency files each time you visit a webpage. c) I have a keyboard macro for " + + ". So if you don't save an extra keystroke, what's the deal? It might be useful if you have nasty habits like building HTML or SQL by concatenating strings though. (don't do that). d) Just declare your variables at the top of the function and stop worrying about scope, (while listening to Bobby McFerrin.) e) I can somewhat agree here. But where it's really needed you should make a copy or clone function. And if it's not really needed you shouldn't. Makes you write less complicated code because of laziness. f) Give it a name! function Car() {var car = this;} Or if you don't want people to understand your code: var that = this; g) You are probably trying to make your function do too much! If you Do want to have one function to rule them all, pass an object to it. h) It's possible to make async code intuitive. Stop using anonymous functions will help a lot! But it's not That easy. Promises is just another (ineffective; it just threats the symptoms) paradigm to reason with async code. i) We don't need classes. The prototype already work great. It might be hard to learn but once you understand it's brilliant! (I don't blame you if you never will, it's hard to learn an old dog to sit). I encourage you to use the paradigms you believe in, and also to try different solutions, and think outside the box. But don't force certain paradigms by changing the language itself. One exception being Node.js where you are forced into making modules. (but some people are stubborn and use Browserify to circumvent it). JS is like that Indian wonder kid who wanted to come up with a cure for cancer. Then he was invited to London. Where he met C, C++ and Java, who made him become ECMAScript. http://youtu.be/BSQf7SUxJVw I can't come up with a real world use for the .map function, but then I only use Arrays when I do evil things like writing optimized code. If I however would end up in a situation where I wanted to do: var odds = evens.map(v => v + 1); I would write this instead: var odds = increment(evens, n); But it's never as simple as this, evens would probably be some sort of async object and you probably want to call another function once the "incrementation" has completed. The only thing => does is to make the syntax more complex (and ugly) by saving a few keystrokes. And even worse, it's a treatment for a symptom from anonymous functions, that you shouldn't even use in the first place. And will be used everywhere, because we are lazy. But the time saved, will have to be used for mind juggling, to figure out what goes where in the syntax. That said, I don't think all new stuff is useless. For example Object.defineProperty (ES5) that actually Adds to the language, and makes it possible to do things you couldn't do before. Like defining a set function. I'll try to interpret the code ... You have an array of string values. You use the .map function to iterate through all the strings. For each string you change the string to whatever is returned from $(x).val() (basically just juggling data, you should make a real world example.) I have seen Jquery before so I know $ returns a document element. And if you pass # into it, it will return getElementById(). And .val() returns .value So my guess is that you want to get the values of hp, mp, gp, whatever that is. I don't understand why you want them in an array though!? Wouldn't it be better to store them in an associative array? So that you don't have to remember what position in the array points to what value. Try this instead: var signupForm = getFormData("signupForm"); alert( "Your name is " + signupForm["name"] ); Or without the abstraction: var name = document.getElementById("name").value; A little more characters to type, but you don't have to learn a framework to know what it does. A trick here is to use keyboard macros to do the boilerplate. Don't var PI = Math.PI because of laziness. An article about writing good code without any code examples. A new technique that I've seen is they do not link directly to their "money" site, they link to a page, that link to another page, that link to their money site. So if they manage to put a link on your blog, the next step is to make spam links to Your site. Google needs to scrap the pagerank and come up with another metric. Lately I've seen a drastic decrease in quality where 9 out of 10 pages in the top-10 is just garbage. Even if I copy a whole sentence from a site with low pagerank, it will be hidden deep in like page 4 o 5 in the google search result. You also need to take into account that most of the western countries have 20% or more in VAT taxes. So the split is more like 90/10. And they have to pay the credit card companies and for the bandwidth. I don't think Apple makes any money from the app store ... How hard would it be to make something like: This program wants to access your camera, mike, //home/personal, connect to irc://botnet.com, and install these dependencies: spyware1, 2, 3 Are you sure you want to install/run [insert innocent program]? I think that would be an better option then sand-boxing everything. Is it even possible for the OS to know if a program is using the webcam? If this was in real time, it would be even cooler! The polar regions seems a bit stretched out. Is the earth in perspective? Making the flight paths accurate!? Wouldn't that be illegal though? About the question about "this" in JavaScript. And how to "get rid of it". I always give it another name! Like car = this. Then I'll write car.engine instead of this.engine. It makes life much easier as I do not have to worry about "car" changing in sub-functions. And it's much easier to search and replace if I want to change the variable name. You can make it so that if a closed question gets an answer, the question will only be visible for the one making the question and the one answering the question. I prefer document.getElementById("myKitten") because it's easier to read and more describing then just $("#myKitten") If it's too long to type, and you use it often, make a macro for it. When naming stuff, keep it short and simple though. Also, you shouldn't hide logic behind names. I was actually wrong about evens.map(v => v + 1); If that's what you want to do, then write that. It's a thin line though, it might be hard to know what "v" is in that context. The majority of JS developers do not know what a scope is, what Destructuring and Rest + Spread means, what a generator does, and have never heard of Map + Set + WeakMap + WeakSet. Procrastination banished: * What EXACTLY would success look like? * What needs to be done NOW? Do the hard bits first! Then, the closer to the goal you get, the more ground you will cover faster. If the best time to do something was five years ago, the second best time to do it, is often now. ref: http://youtu.be/g9zWLDfysis I learned coding without books or the Internet and none to ask questions. I did have Internet at school though, where I printed tutorials and source code. Not being able to find answers forced me to think by myself and do trial and error. I believe that made me a batter coder. I actually feel a bit lazy now when I look up stuff on the Internet without even trying for myself first. Once you go Canvas, you never go back! I have nothing against search engines. What I'm concerned about is that many people do not use links or addresses, they just search! When people no longer use addresses to access stuff, the web will be broken. Crowd sourced search is actually not a bad idea! Most things are still discovered through mouth-to-mouth and sites like HN. Search engines has a long way to go before they can actually make better suggestions then humans. In the example she made fun of 1)black people 2) AIDS 3) White people. And possible offended all religious people in the world. What can possible go wrong? :P I hope they implement function parameter help and function list for JavaScript. I've turned off JavaScript in the browser. And only allow it for sites where I really need it. I though this day would never come. Haven't the script already won over the app? Instead of downloading and installing each app, you import / require the modules needed. There's one huge advantage with apps though, that they are easier to make money from. Wouldn't there be a noise problem when all signals are broadcasted as in radio transmission!? Unless you point it like with a laser or microwave. I would be hesitant putting a 1TB/s uplink next to my head. :P That must have been an exception to the rule though. If something is down-voted it has a significant higher chance of getting more down-votes and vice-versa. You might think "doh". But if you get down-voted, try deleting the post and post the exact same content twenty minutes later. You will be surprised. Watch some move about hackers and look what they are wearing. A few minutes into the movie there will be guy on a motorcycle or a sports car with a hot chick, that will be the main character and how you would like to dress like. ;) I tried that, but having just one bag was much faster. And saved me the mental processing of what goes into what bag. Sorry, I didn't mean discarded food, that would be gross. I mean litter. Stuff that you are going to throw out. Like papers, boxes, envelopes, etc. Isn't the point of JS that you do not need an SDK!? If I need to use something else then notepad to write a program for FFOS - that would be a big turn-off. From coaching and positive psychology, it wouldn't surprise me if there are ten more apps just like this one ... Or it's a new market opening up! Either case, you seem to have an opportunity here. You should start with a business plan! Do not worry about the bugs right now. An idea for business plan is that you can let people get a kickback for each purchase they referrer. You can start with the ones giving you feedback. After some sense of market and estimated budget you should hire a freelancer. Not trying to offend you here, but you have been working on this for six month, a freelancer would probable be able to fix the bugs in six hours for $15 an hour or less. If I was in the phone app business I would probably rip off your idea and have an app out by tomorrow :P Easy. You just get message from the people you "follow". So if you want to send a message to someone, you must make them add you to their "list" first. I thought the whole point of Firefox OS was that the hardware layer would be accessed through JS API's like window.ondevicemotion, Canvas, navigator.geolocation, window.DeviceOrientationEvent, navigator.getUserMedia, navigator.vibrate, 'devicelight', navigator.battery.level, SMS, contactList, etc. And that the Firefox team would add even more features that can be accessed from the VM layer. And making the Firefox OS the most secure OS by adding app permissions. And that the VM could not be bypassed unless the computer gets re-flashed. This might sound funny, but considering Moore's law and where we currently are on that exponential curve, making a fully virtual OS will be the next step in the PC evolution. You shouldn't have to write low level interrupts or accept that apps need full root access anymore. The nice thing about JS is that it has so many "religions". But some people think there should only be ONE religion. While One religion would be easier for newbies, destroying all other religions would kill the language. So can we just agree that many religions are nice. It's OK to try and convert people, but it's Not OK to force someone by changing the language itself. With that said, I'm a bit worried about more and more religions entering the JS language. Like classes and block scope (ES6). And how some, both good and bad new features are forever changing the language. I'm also working on a noSQL database. What I'm struggling with is the abstraction for searches/filters. For example, if you want to get all books with "beginner" in the title, in SQL it would look something like: "SELECT * FROM books WHERE title LIKE %beginner%" Where in no-SQL it would look like book.filter({title: ["like", "beginner"]}); Any ideas on how to abstract the filtering in a more clear way? It's a bit weird what's qualified as a browser based game now a days. For me it's still CGI/Perl/PHP and maybe some JS. :P You barely see those kind of games any more. Now it's mainly plugins and it makes me a bit sad. Why does it Need to run in the browser? What's the point with the browser if you are gonna use plugins anyway? Why not make a "native" game instead!? Yeh, you Only have to download and install Firefox first. > "ephemeral sandboxed apps launchable from URLs" That's where we must eventually head in the future. Too bad we are light-years away. We probably have to re-design the PC from scratch to be able to do that. There's a reason why browsers don't offer the same functionality that "plugins" do. And that's because of security. With "plugins", you are not any more secure then if you would download and run an executable. Considering how the freeware market looks today, when even companies like Oracle and Adobe package their free apps with crapware ... And corporations like Google and Facebook monetizing private data ... There's more reasons then ever to be concerned about security. Get a cheap VPS somewhere and let it do all the Internet things like mail and stuff. Or use free services. You can communicate just fine using just text. It all sounds like you are not living in the reality though. And the lack of good Internet is just mental excuse for the real problems, that you are too afraid to face. I did try the demos in the New Opera browser witch is as close as "browsers like Chrome" you can get. But it didn't work. I do not think an automatic web scraper can decide what's "mobile friendly" or not. The HN site was just fine before they decided to do what Google classifies as mobile friendly - totally ruining my experience browsing HN. You shouldn't design a web page to satisfy Google, you should design it to satisfy your users. Even Google itself has said that. But yet they force Webmasters to make certain changes, and in some cases like HN, making the mobile experience much worse. Try the apps out and use them for a while. You will soon know what is wrong. But sometimes, it's just about timing and luck. As an example, articles on HN often get reposted. And the amount of up-votes they receive can vary a lot. Some times front news articles are re-posts from last month that didn't receive any up-votes. Best thing would be using a password protected key like in SSH. It should be baked in to SSL somehow to make it easier to password protect web apps. It's a bit ironic that Yahoo changed their password policy so that I need to have at least two numbers and different caps and something like max ten characters. Making it impossible to remember the password. I always use something like "magicunicornridingsousages" witch I find both easy to remember and long enough to prevent brute force. Too bad Yahoo wont allow it. This is a hit or miss. Say they are looking for a C coder. A bad recruiter (most of them) would just discard this as he/she wouldn't even recognize it as C code, just some junk not fitting into his/her template. A good recruiter though, or if a recruiter wasn't used - they would see this as smart and creative and definitely get you an interview. I've seen companies shutting down/relocated because of bad recruiters filtering good programmers like this. I come from the training business. Where coaches, personal trainers and their followers like to praise their training methods and say other methods are not only stupid but can even hurt you. The thing they do not understand though is that what works on one individual might not be the best for everyone. And that we are all different and the best approach is to tailor the tools for what suits the exercise and the individual. Now when I'm into technology I see the exact thing and I'm just like face->palm . So I guess this exist in all fields. My advice for someone new in the field is to listen to what the veterans say, try some stuff out. Then make up your own opinion and use the stuff that works best for You and the task at hand. Today I received another letter for a site that has a separate mobile page. It appears that the Google bot is unable to find the mobile version. I highly doubt Google check CSS to find colors - they probably just check for tags. Google and other search engines are incredibly easy to hack. Do you seriously think they render every site they crawl!? That said, Google is still the best search engine. They have just become Too greedy, forcing Webmasters into design paradigms. Just because they saw an increase in ad revenue doing so. Witch probably had nothing to do with the design change - people probably just spent a bit more on adwords after receiving the warning. Makes me feel bad for not writing tests. There's very little done for code analyze in JS, I can't even find an editor that gives me function parameter hints And show me a list of functions. I have even considered making my own editor. Coding without such tools force me to write code that is easy to manage and review though. I have JS turned off due to paranoia. And surprisingly, most web sites Do work without it! I also do not miss all the ads and other annoying stuff. Even budget servers now a day can handle thousands of requests per second, so there is no benefit in offloading "server stuff" to the browser client. I do have to add some sites to the white list though. One of the great things about JS is that you can (unless minified) look at the source code. That's how I have learned JS and are still learning! Most times when looking at other peoples code you learn how not to code though ... But once in a while you find a gem and a light bulb lights up in your head. Personally I've never felt the need to use a framework, but I can see how it can be useful, like if your team has little experience. Then a well documented road map might be useful. But not so fun if you decide to go by foot. I'm stúck at Loaded: 83% using Opera browser. This is built using Three.js ... I've seen tons of cool Three.js demons, even tried doing some stuff myself, but not that many actual games. It seems webGL is too bleeding edge. Maybe when the WebGL spec. is final and implemented in the major browsers I'll give it a try. But for now I use Canvas for the graphics. Canvas is much higher level and hardware accelerated, plus easier to use then WebGL. Low level graphics and JS don't fit well together. I'll love to see a good voxel engine in JS! I think you will be too limited by Three.JS though. That's a nice analysis! I'm also into browser games. But just started with "HTML5". The reason is that it takes time to invest in new technology. "HTML5" is bleeding edge and new features are still added. WebGL is not yet fully supported on the major browsers and Canvas just got hardware acceleration a year ago. Also Websockets got scandalized just months ago. Flash on the other hand, is mature, so it will live on at least a few more years as a lot of developers are still developing in it. I think Google deliberately slowed down "HTML5" in favor for their Android ecosystem. Witch was a stupid idea since most of their money still comes from WWW. The money is still in WWW! The the problem is that a native app runs much better then a web app on Android. Even Facebook made a native app!! With Chrome-OS and Firefox-OS on mobiles we might be able to reduce the gap between native and web on mobiles. Native is still king on desktop though and I do not think AAA-studios will develop for the web anytime soon. There are some studios (Zynga, King) making shit-loads of money from crappy web-games though, so I think we will see more in between crap and AAA on the web soon. And hopefully without plugins!!! We used to have proxies that cached http requests. And there are already technology for broadcasting. I do not see how this will be better then say Torrents. Or if anyone would use this for more then sharing "copyrighted" content. I'm not saying this is bad, just that you can do better at marketing/selling it. You mentioned on the second video that this is targeted to those that do not know how to set up a LAN connection. Then maybe you shouldn't use the CLI in the demo. Mu first though was: How can Coursera afford 80 engineers!??? What's their business model? WOW! You just made the worlds best music discovery service! Too bad that was the easy part ... "use strict"; This article expect you to already know 3d programming. You need to be familiar with vectors, matrices, buffers and shaders. The hard part is often explaining something. And if you want to change how money works, you need to be very good at explaining. I guess because of karma or something I actually got the "undefined is not a function" error today. And I had no idea what was wrong! Tried the same in NodeJS and that gave: Object has no method 'bar' So I guess it depends on what implementation of JS you use for development. Still JS is much easier to debug then assembly (compiled languages). Whenever I want to learn something I just search on the Internet or ask experiences people to recommend a book. Or lookup what course literature the well known schools are using. What are the benefit of online courses more then that you get a badge or paper that says you have taken the course? I guess being able to code brainfuck is like understanding special relativity. You think it will impress the opposite sex, but it wont, unless you're a girl. :P But it does however give you a better understanding on how things work. A javascript universe without Node.JS would be like god without Jesus. NodeJS completely change the way you write JavaScript. What's so fantastic about node is that you can not import, use or include. You can only use modules. This combined with full object oriented programming support and asynchronous code execution makes NodeJS truly revolutionary! No-one have mentioned Nodepad++ I would switch to Atom any day though, if it had any JS code analysis tools. At least Notepad++ has a function list! (Although I use the old deprecated one). What's also off-putting about Atom is that everything is in Coffee-script. If they could make some guides for plain JS I could probably glue code in something like TernJS or something of my own. Switching from writing classes in other languages to using the JS prototype made writing object oriented code more fun and much faster! The prototype way was a step forward. I think it's very weird that JavaScript is now planning to introduce classes, and that you guys are so exited about it. What you should learn from game programming about security is to: Never thrust the client! I'm baffled that in games like Minecraft, the server sends all blocks to the client, instead of just the blocks that are visible. Or that you can give yourself any weapon and infinite ammo in DayZ. etc ... Use named functions to avoid closures! for (var i = 0; i I think the best BASIC version is vbScript. It has the cleanest syntax of all programming languages and is very simple. I wish they would make something like Node.JS but width vbScript. Promises could look like this: CALL asyncFunction THEN callback And make it easier to compile libraries and modules for it. I've also seen some messy code in ASP-classic. But most is just stupidly simple. And I like stupidly simple code. You can read and understand vbScript code faster then you can enjoy a text fiction. You can pick up a random guy/girl on the street and have him/her write vbScript within minutes. It's a stupid little language, but still very high level. And can get things done. I wonder if it's still fun now when it has gotten harder with drag and heat ... To get the best experience out of KSP you should play sandbox, but never quicksave! And keep playing the same "profile" every time. This makes you actually solve problems instead of just quick-loading to retry ... So you had to burn too much fuel to save the situation after almost crashing into old space debris you left ten years ago!? Ahh there's an old space station around the moon we can dock with... Destroyed an engine while landing on a foreign body? Figure out how to maneuver without it. Or take a walk to the unmanned prototype vessel you had forgotten about, that might have enough fuel to get into orbit ... It will also make your hands shake a bit from adrenalin, when landing, or docking, after a one hour mission, knowing you would have to restart the mission if you crash. You also need to have a joystick or pedals for thrust and RCS. Yes! You can throttle the RCS! That makes it much easier for docking. What will happen when photons reach the outer boundary of the universe? Where time and space starts to slow down ... Will the photon also slow down, and then take an elliptic path? Might explain why the universe seem to expand in all directions. I hope you make it so that only the surface blocks are sent to the client. The time it takes to "mine" a block is enough for the latency to send the block behind it. This would be a major improvement to the multi-player experience. Also, send the input to the server, and not the position/speed vectors. That way you will also get rid of the speed hacks. Those "fixes" will completely rid the game from "hackers". Witch is the biggest problem with Minecraft (and most other multi-player games). Most electronic cards have built in batteries like the CMOS battery in computers. So just removing the battery or pulling the cord will not be enough to "turn it off". I think more people should be self-hosting. You are probably already paying for a 24/7 Internet access. And your router is probably more then capable of hosting a web server. I think it's much easier to forget about "types" and think of objects instead. Trying to divide JavaScript objects into "types" will surely get you frustrated. If you absolutely want to check what "type" an object is, for example a sanity check for arguments passed to a function, you should make your own isMyType(obj) function and not rely on typeof or toString. E-mail is also decentralized! This means anyone can join the network without a sign-up process or approval from an authority. But I see e-mail heading in a troublesome direction regarding this. Maybe for a new messaging protocol, there need to be a computational cost, or blockchain for sending messages, to prevent fraud and spam. I think it's important for every company that the CEO answer support mail from regular customers at least a few hours every day. Then he/she will get a better understanding about the product(s). About sharing images, I find setting up a FTP-server is the simplest solution. Most file-browsers have FTP built in and allows features like drag 'n drop. The problem with usability in free services like Google, is that they earn more money the more time you spend on the site. So if it takes ten minutes to do something that should take five seconds. Their metrics will show one hundred times more earning from the slow and tedious version. Guess what version they want you to use!? Google can even read frames! (sarcasm) It makes all other search engines look bad in comparison though ... I wonder if they have made it so that you can use milliseconds (1/1000) instead of (1/100) in setTimeout and setInterval. It was one of the things that annoyed me the most running Node.JS on Windows ... Writing a hex libary has been on my todo-list for a while. Just writing the code, while useful for experts, is not enough though, you need documentation and examples. Making people understand how hex'es work is a noble task, but most ppl just want to be productive and create their dream game, without having to speed years in school first. You should never "optimize" JavaScript code, like objects vs arrays or methods vs functions. But instead try to optimize your algorithms, like leaving out square root when comparing witch line is longer. I did optimize JavaScript in the past, but it always worked different in different JS implementations and could change in different releases of the same JS engine. So I gave up on it, and it actually makes me more productive not having to think about with method is faster. Great work! This game is good as it is, but you could try having cars/space-ships/gems or whatever instead of numbers, to give you more freedom for experimenting and maybe change the order so that there will be more fall-though. People totally love when much happens with little input. If the game where to improve, I would say you need to increase the output vs input, making more stuff happen, faster and easier. First check if your ISP blocks port 80. Unless your router is bridged, you need to open up the fire-wall for incoming traffic on port 80. You will most likely find this under "Game & Application Sharing" or "Port Forwarding / Port Triggering" in your router's admin interface. Try forwarding port 80 to your work-station, install node.js and run the HTTP-server-example. Then ask a friend if he/she can connect to your IP via the browser. When you got port-80 working, you need some hardware: A cheap server and a cable to connect it to the router. An old laptop will do as server (KVM and UPS for free). You also need to decide what software to run, I would go with Ubuntu server as it's the most friendly. Create a bootable USB-stick. Setup SSH so that you can access the server from your work-station/laptop. Signup to a DNS service and point a domain name to your IP. If there actually where something moving faster then light, and you measured the speed, it would still appear to be moving at the speed of light! Say you had two space ships with FTL capability that would race from our solar system to the finish line located near Alpha Centauri. How would you know witch one came first? Kore mapped to JavaScript (NodeJS): var kore = require("kore"); kore.on("request", http_request); function http_request(req, resp) { var statusCode = 200; resp.write("Hello world", statusCode); } That video helped a lot, but I'm still struggling to understand what the N=NP question means and how to prove it. I think that all problems with a set definition for "solved" is solvable as in "P". For example, the rubik's cube is solved if all sides have a solid color. And is thus a "P". I've made something similar but in Swedish: http://matsidan.com/ What goes well with what is based on around 5k recipes. Haven't worked on it for some time though, kinda got stuck. What I'm trying to solve is to make it easier to make a weekly food plan and grocery list. So basically I have to find a problem that categories as P but not NP!? Kinda like the Planck constant in quantum theory. f(2) = 4, f(3) = ? /brainstorming One method that has proven to work good is to keep statistics and then nerf overused tactics and bump the ones that are rarely used. It will make some interesting game play! Also try to have as much diversity as possible. This is one of my favorite quotes: "This game is so imbalanced so that it get balanced". Constant updates and patches are annoying, indeed! You have to be very delicate about what to change and what to add. If you manage to do it right though, it will make the game feel fresh and exciting for many years. We all hate changes. Look for things that annoy ppl and try to fix those problems. Try to add new content, instead of changing old mechanics. This should be done slowly though, to give the mediate players a chance to get a hang of it. In a player vs player environment, it can take years for strategies to settle in, and for the majority of players to adapt. Corporate leaders already talk to each others. It's not often you have an idea that obviously will succeed and even then it will be hard to convince others to do it. So the customer/users want a native app!? Fine, I'll just bundle the web app with Webkit (io.js) and they'll be happy, and I don't have to worry about the app breaking in new browser versions. Browser based applications are much easier to distribute and adds a security layer, so that you do not have to worry as much about trojan/viruses, compared to installing executables from cr4cksnh4cks.com The browser is the perfect container. And it also helps a bit that the API's are super easy to work with. Making even the novice programmer productive and able to create powerful applications. One reason why native is bigger on the smart-phone market is that Google, Apple and Microsoft want to completely control their ecosystem and lock people in. What I can not understand though, is why Google does it, as the majority of their income still comes from the word wide web. They have however made major advances on that front lately, to there is still hope. As the virtualization technology advances, the gap between running on bare metal and in a container continuously decreases. So there will be little incentive running native/bare metal in the future. We have a long way to go though. If you want to build something that make full use of the hardware, you still should go native. But I hope that changes in the future. What is the use cases for these palettes? I got this nice color palette, but have no idea what to do with it ... Instead of learning a new framework, try learning a new paradigm. You can then apply that knowledge in whatever new shiny tool your boss want you to use to build the next big thing. Startup idea: Create a bank with accounting tools built in. Also make it easy to receive payments via credit cards. I use this in one of my games. The API could be slightly simpler/better though. But having abstractions like this available makes me so much more productive. Now I'm just waiting for a library/API for hexagon map's ;) I fail to see this doing anything besides turning the syntax backwards!? Maybe it's useful for those of us who are used to write from right to left, like in Arabic, but I would still use var foo = bar[0] over var[foo] = bar any day. It gets even stupider with objects: var foo = bar.a, vs, var {a: foo} = bar. JavaScript is a good language because it's so simple and easy to learn, adding stuff like destructor's just make it more confusing! Making a language more confusing just because of strong preference with syntactic sugars is a mistake. I would like to see a forking of the language before this goes mainstream. Maybe called CJS, where C stands for Clean or Classic JavaScript. Classifying your code is something you might do when it's finished. But while most code bases are constantly changing, classes does not make any sense! They will just make it harder to re-factor the code, and you will end up with a bunch of unused code just because you decided to classify early on instead of just prototyping. Import is another concept that will eventually make your code base unable to manage. You'll end up with imports everywhere, with a weird spaghetti, where it would be much better to use the modular pattern of breaking up the code in separate reusable modules. Articles should already be an associative array in the first place. I can understand why you think the email example looks better, but whoops, there's a bug, you now got two undefined variables! It would probably have looked like this: var email = article.email, at = email.indexOf("@"), ident = email.substr(0, at), domain = email.substring(at + 1, email.lengt); jsPDF doesn't trim each line like Pdfmake does. Pdfmake however supports new pages, witch jsPDF doesn't. Would be cool if Pdfmake didn't trim the lines! Setup your email server to "swallow all". I did this and after a few years I got around one million spam mails per day. I guess that if the emails never bounce they will keep sending new stuff to you. It's like saying "yes, yes, yes" to a sales person, they will just keep adding more stuff :P Guess how many out of 1000 visitors from my last AdWords Content Campaign loaded the favicon.ico ? And how many of them do you think signed up to to my service!? Answer: 0/1000 (nada, zero) Adwords for search worked much better though (real users). I also tried Google ad-sense for some of my websites, but the quality of ads are very bad and no-one clicks on them. Around ten years ago, Google ads used to be "the shit" (everyone used it) and you where able to both earn money and get quality traffic. Have the publishers turned to other market places or is my current experience what the world wide web ad market looks like today!? I always thought Github was open source and that you could fork it, like in the spirit of Github. I find that slightly ironic =) What's stopping a decentralized github from ending up in the same fate as the newsgroups, that the data set gets too large to handle !? I think that Github is more then just a repository, it's a community. I kinda quit Facebook and signed up to Github instead :P And if it weren't for Github I would have never touched git. Startup idea: Create something like Github and assembly.com, but with a complete tool-set (git+vps) I'm kinda disappointed that he didn't develop an algorithm on how to do it in the least amount of steps. Good work though and gratulations on the wight loss! One disadvantage of adding syntactic sugars for things you can already do, is that the language gets more difficult to understand. This in turn introduce more bugs and hurts the productivity. Level 20 archer. I used to argue for type decorations, like in most C like languages, but then changed my mind. When programming in a high level language like JavaScript, you should not think about types. Thinking about types will only limit your creativity and problem solving. Instead, you should focus on the logic abstraction. Also you shouldn't lock yourself into classifications. Instead, just check the input and throw an error if it doesn't fit. By helping out the compiler you can get better performance. But I like to think that current JavaScript engines or future ones are quite smart and can optimize beyond that. Lets say you are writing software for a cargo company ... The code has well defined classes. The company now wants to expend by including buss goods. But in the code, the terminals and containers will only accept trucks ... It would be better if the terminal code checked if the good fitted etc. Thinking about Buss vs Truck is much better then thinking about Array vs Object, but you shouldn't let classifications limit the solutions either. Reading this article was a fresh breeze. The Canvas is very easy to work with. You can forget about JQuery and everything else concerning the DOM and just write pure JavaScript. I've even started working on a canvas based text editor. I did some research before I started and read about Bespin. I don't think they merged into Ace because of the Canvas. It was probably because another team on the same company also worked on an editor, witch had the same goals, and aimed for the same market. It's very interesting to read about union history, where sometimes the military was called in to stop a work strike. We have come a long way in the last 100 years. I think every programmer goes through the "smart" stage, where you start to get confident and write "clever" solutions for simple problems. Where you will hopefully transcend to writing simple solutions for hard problems. Personally I hate stupid tests like these, just give me a real life problem that you are currently working on ... Here's my fizzbuzz solution: https://github.com/Z3TA/fizzbuzz/blob/master/fizzbuzz.js And here's my favorite one, on how it would look like if implemented like most "enterprise code" looks like: https://github.com/EnterpriseQualityCoding/FizzBuzzEnterpris... I would say "Tell me more about that guy". I think one of the problems, is that many people do URL's the wrong way. And I can not blame them, as writing information in the URL at least used to give better ranking in search engines. Most SEO people will say that the URL is important! So like many other problems with the WWW, we should blame Google :P One example on good URL's are HN: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9637215 It will not help ranking on search engines, but the URL will hopefully never change. A lot of ppl get this backwards, that a stable program should never "crash". While it's actually the opposite, it should throw errors at every opportunity to do so. The errors should then be logged and the program should be restarted by a watcher process. Here's an example on how you can both log errors and e-mail them if a process crash, using a startup script (Linux, Ubuntu): exec sudo -u user /bin_location /program_path 2>&1 >>/log_path | tee -a /error_log_path | mail mail@domain.com -s email_subject One mistake that ppl do is they wrap their code around a try ... catch, where it's better to throw an error and exit. If there's an error in one place, chances are there are also errors elsewhere, so it's better to restart the program instead of continue with a bad state. When the error gets thrown in your face, there's a higher chance that it gets fixed. But this also have its setbacks. Loosing the whole state can be really bad. You can take the opportunity to build your brand, or someone else's. Gaining peoples thrust and building a reputation is hard, but very critical! Fifty thousands active users are worth about one million dollars. It's generally what's people are willing to spend on exposure, in lets say commercials, calculated for one year. It's an estimate on what you would earn from adds in one year. Introducing ads might make the users leave though, so be careful. There's also a risk Facebook would have something to say about your monetizing on their product. So my suggestion is to implement that feature ppl want, let them know about the awesome dude behind it, and that you care about their user experience. Then leverage the goodwill it creates to get free exposure and users to your other product(s), that are monetized. Basically you can use the app to build a loyal user base. An example is the dude who made Flappy Bird. He also got lots of downloads and exposure for his other games just by having his name on it. I guess Notch wanted to try the rockstar life, something he couldn't do representing Mojang. I hope he gets tired of it and comes back to the gaming scene, or at least starts blogging again. He has a really great analytic mind when it comes to games. He actually quit his day job to start making games on how own. (He already made games for a living). And decided to make Minecraft because he knew it was easy money he could use to keep afloat. Jens already had his own successful game studio when joining Mojang. It was a pretty good hire ... I guess he's not that good at negotiating, considered he didn't get any ownership. But I guess he's happy enough to be the lead on the greatest games of all time, besides Tetris. :P I wonder if you get "land" dizziness after spending time in a tall building!? My thought is that it's more difficult then ever to make high tech games. There's very little games coming out now that push the limits of what's possible. It's almost like complaining there is too much water on the moon. Startup idea: Invent a discovery tool that works better then ads. Hacker news is a good example. But there must be even more clever ways. At least he didn't get put off because his CV had the wrong font. It was actually a technical question. They probably have binary trees that needs to be reversed everywhere in Google :P Considering how many ppl that now use mobile phones to surf the world wide web and that mobile phone's usually don't auto-upgrade their browser, and that we still need to polyfill ES5 features, I wonder how many years it will take until ES6 can be safely used without first "compiling" it to the ES5 standard. Startup idea: We have a lot of dexterous muscles in the face. The keyboard could probably be replaced with a face sensor. I would love to work from the couch, only using my face. That was some quality procrastination ... I understand that he basically have two switches, giving him a total of four combinations, witch is a bit crude. The face have twenty muscles, Hawking probably can't move all of them, but for a normal person that would mean around one million binary combinations. Or 10^20 combinations if each muscle contraction was measured on a scale 1-10. Until such a product is released you could start practicing your facial muscles by doing waves with your eyebrows and moving your ears and nose wings etc. For anyone wanting to do graphics in web pages I would recommend looking into the canvas tag. Example code: with (context) { beginPath(); moveTo(100, 100); lineTo(100, 300); lineTo(300, 300); closePath(); stroke(); } You should put a screen-shot at the info page! All Done - 550 statements, 666 lines, 0 errors. Are there any JS implementations where this test fails!? I wanted to make a point about all the confusing new features of ES6 that are just there to save a few key strokes, and will haunt you forever. One thing I love about vanilla JS is that you can both set and get with the same property. I wonder if having both setters and getters is enforced by CoffeeScript or a design decision of the Atom team!? To be good at something, you do not need to know things outside of the area. It might however be helpful if you need to go "outside the box". But to be an expert at the things in the box, you only have to know about the box ... That said, before I started with Node.JS and understood it's "patterns" JavaScript was just some evil necessary to get things to work. But after learning the module patterns of Node.JS, JavaScript started to get fun!! And the more ppl that understands "modules", the more fun it gets! So go learn about modules and even try making your own! I guess Node.JS is now part of the JavaScript box. This is the best comment I've read on HN! I guess you need to become great at something to understand this. For you to keep doing something though, you need to think it's fun! Then it will be much easier. If you use an anonymous function instead of a named function you'll probably end up writing a comment to clarify ... :P Sometimes the code explains itself though!? allowed = members.filter(member => member.age >= ageLimit); Did you know you can do this!? someObject.foo = function() { someObject.bar = 123; } function Foo() { var Foo = this; Foo.bar = 456; } Pro tip: Always do asynchronous operations Before presenting the object to the program state. Or you will see "undefined" bugs in production! Then lets "abstract" your first sentience: At point have stop called . Just you represent same by more doesn't that not to an on of to cognitive , otherwise all programming switches. My point is, removing "function" and "return" from the syntax, won't necessary easy cognitive load, at least not for senior JavaScript coders. It will save bandwidth though! :P Make your product a subdomain from your company domain. Problem solved :P The cost of a domain name may seem small, but once you have a couple domains and have to manage certificates etc you wish you would only have used subdomains of your well known brand. So get a good domain name, then use that for everything! Registering domain names can be addicting, and I've already wasted too much time on it. Mobiles and personal computers are different, but the difference will eventually blur. What worries me though, is that currently mobiles are not as great as PC's when it comes to learning and creating. And that will slow technology growth, as todays youth are consumers rather then hackers/creators. To make mobile software you still need a PC :P To set a salary: Look at what they have done previously. If you hire a coder: Look at the quality of their code and the problems they have solved. Then figure out exactly what they will do in your company. And make an agreement what that might be worth, considering the quality of their previously work. For me it takes less then five minutes of reading someone's code for me to decide if I want to hire them or not. I also already know what I need and what that will be worth. You can repeat this every year or six month because of the constantly changing requirements of what needs to be done. And then it will be even easier, as you have access of everything the employee has done. To keep them: Constantly give them attention when they do something good, like solving a problem, suitable for their skill level and competence. Remember that you can praise different ppl for different things. You will get away praising junior developers for doing things at their level while at the same time praising senior developers for solving serious hard problems. Remember that praising, celebrating and thanking people do not cost any money!! Some people just want to come to work and do exactly what they have done the last ten years, while others get bored if they do not face any challenges. The later category will need management, but they will also be valuable as they will be able to adapt to changes and advance your company. For those that want to, let them go to conferences and learn new stuff. The stuff they learn will add value to your company. Identify every individual's skill and good traits, then take advantage of them! Never, ever fire anyone unless there is a very serious problem, like stealing or fist fighting. Do not allow ass kissing, bullying or politics in general. Encourage a professional attitude, but keep in mind that "everything is personal", so try to be fair. It's only when people feel safe and at ease they can go outside their comfort zones and achieve great things! It's probably your own fault. Small things might have built up over the years, because you did not confront right away the first time you experienced the bad behavior. Maybe you can use the disruptive energy to your advantage!? If there are bad influences, maybe you can turn it into good influences. There's an exception though, if you are dealing with a true sociopath or psychopath, you need to get rid of them asap. You will know you are dealing with such a person if they constantly "destroy" people despite you've told them that it's not acceptable. It comes with Chromium, that is basically a browser. They have their own version of Chromium called Electron. But I recommend nwjs instead, witch is also built on Chromium and nodejs. And lets you make packages that only include your source code, so that you don't have to download the "browser" for every app. Cool video and great copy-writing. The editor still seems crude though. The new install used some old packages from a previews install that I though was uninstalled!? It also called home to report a bug without asking for permission. Then it froze after I had uninstalled the old package. You simply zip the files and rename to dot nw. Then the first time the user runs the file, the user needs to select "open with nw.exe". ref: https://github.com/nwjs/nw.js/wiki/How-to-package-and-distri... You probably want to include an "install" script that: * Download and install nwjs if it doesn't exist * Make the "package" open with nw.exe * optionally: Create a shortcut to the "package" on the desktop * optionally: Set a icon for the shortcut Or instruct the user on how to do it. Many files work that way, that you have to select a program to open it with, so the user probably already knows how to do it. > You don't want to create an environment in which forkers can easily steal credit from the original author(s). In most licenses I've read on Github, even the very permissive ones, the creator will still have copyright of all forks, even if all his/her code has been replaced. When you get the hype, for example front page of HN, that would probably be a good indicator that it should be possible to make a living on it. It doesn't even have to be your own project :P There are excellent comments in this thread btw. I've bookmarked it. Just register the domain with a bogus name that sounds real. I don't think the domain provider will care as long as the bill gets paid. I do not however like that companies can be totally anonymous on the Internet. It's not like the average person checks out the people behind a company before they buy some commodity from them. I do however whois a domain if I'm suspicious and a common thing is that most use anonymous registrars. Even serious companies use anonymous registrars now a days, witch is weird, or maybe I'm the only one who thinks it's important to know who the people behind a company are before you do business with them. The S in SMTP is a bit ironic. It's very hard to run SMTP now a days. I love these kind of style guides. But I also love to prove them wrong. Unless you "use strict", it's better to put var in-front of every variable if you put them on separate lines. var foo = 1, bar = 2 baz = 3 vs var foo = 1; var bar = 2; var baz = 3; Forgetting a comma or semicolon in the first example might lead to silent bugs that will take hours to find. About referencing "this": It can be very useful when writing object constructors, if you always reference an object with the constructor's name. function Foo() { var foo = this; foo.bar = 1; foo.az = 2; } var foo = new Foo(); foo.bar = foo.bar + 5; Then it will be super easy to rename say foo.bar to something else. It's also self "documented". Ahh, someone might just have added it to troll me, or I'm crazy. I think you should complain on your browser's default table styling rather. Looks good with w3m ;P Seriously though, graphs can be manipulated to look exactly how you want the user to interpret it. If you think "giving up" on a project is easy. Try "giving up" on your "dreams", those project you work on every day, even though you know you wont make it. Right, thinking about it, it could still work with very popular things like TV series. You release the whole season with bit-torrent to save bandwidth and marketing costs. Then after watching the first two episodes you have to pay for the rest. Sure there's no tech for that today, but hey startup idea! I'm working on a JavaScript editor. But doesn't understand. Can you be more elaborate!? My idea is that you share the whole season with "friends" on torrent and other file-sharing sites. Not only the free episodes. You download the entire season! This takes care of both distribution and most of the marketing. You of-course release it with the highest quality! And you do not need any infrastructure whatsoever to do this. As in the spirit of shareware, you let people watch some of the episodes for free, then charge for the rest. And that's the part some smart people has to figure out. An idea is to have the content encoded differently depending on the Internet routes. And some type of block-chain that would give you a key to decode the data, depending on a voucher code you insert to the chain. Some years ago I ran a mail server on a dynamic IP. I basically contacted Google and had them white-list me. And at the same time, some small providers totally refused to accept mail from me because I used a dynamic IP :P Check-list before you attempt to get white-listed/ban-lifted on Gmail: Send bulk with "precedence: bulk" header. Use spf and dkim (optional). Always send from the same domain. Have your users "opt-in" to receive mail. Have a public e-mail policy. Basically, don't require users to enter their e-mail address. We might just have seen the future of PC gaming DRM. That you will pay per hour instead of a one-off payment. There's one problem though, and it's latency, even 50ms will feel very laggy. We need more decentralized data centers! With a data-center in each city you could get latency down to less then a millisecond. I think the next digital revolution will be low latency, and a flora of new services coming with it. I think a site like this can easily make more money then say a drug-store on darknet, but perfectly legal. There are some challenges though, like multi account cheating, and bot players. It's illegal in the country I live in, but we still have tons of TV commercials for online gaming. So it's legal to play, but the site and company needs to be located in a country where it's legal. And they also would have to pay taxes. That is weird. It should be worth investigating if you have any other bottle necks that are increasing the latency. Monitors for example, usually have a response time, from input to when you see the image, of around 10-20 ms. Input > PC > amazon > PC > monitor Maybe there's something in your PC that is adding to the lag, like a slow software render. It could also be that the machine answering to the ping is closer due to anycast routing. Can anyone come up with a practical way to measure the actual lag from input to screen render!? For example using a high speed camera. I think they started with around 100ms response time and have managed to get it down to around 20 ms. Hopefully they will be able to get it even lower, so that one ms of network latency wont matter. Think about getting a VR headset like the Oculus and the only thing you needed was to plug it into the network, and then have access to virtually all games available at a hourly fee!? I don't think a lock-in would be an issue. There's however other issues I think will be very hard to solve. This is a quote from a salesman trying to sell me 3G Internet. "Why on earth do you need more data then this!? You know downloading movies is illegal, right!? Ohh, and you will also get a free Ipad." The problem is that people refuse new technology like fiber networks, because they do not see any use-cases beyond e-mail and Facebook. My depressing thoughts about ISP's is that the only reason they use fiber instead of copper is that fiber is much cheaper over long distances. It's absurd that the official Java runtime for Windows comes with crapware and spyware ... Ohh, your program requires me to install Java? Then I think I'll pass. Just include the runtime (around 140mb) and your customers won't know or care that they are using Java! All it takes to install a (BIOS) rootkit is root access ... In windows this means answering Yes on the question "Do you want to allow the following program to make changes to your computer". Remember to flash the BIOS if you've been hacked! You could also have the client run some tests and auto report problems such as the bad server's id. You could also have a manual report button the user can click on. And if you want to get really advanced, have a system that learns from those manual reports so that it can later warn when there is a high probability of a "problem" occurring. Cant you just "dock" with the planet, by slowly matching the speed of the moving body using a Hohmann transfer!? Do user testing (watch them, ask them) to figure out what works or not. Everything else is a waste of time. "Good design is when your hopes and expectations come true". If your program has state, it doesn't matter if it's mutable or immutable state, you will still run into the same problems when working with concurrency. You either have to use locks, make sure functions are executed in the right order, or the preferred way: designate/central state. So functions vs object orientated is mostly a matter of preference. One advantage with functional programming though, is that it will be much easier so serialize the state. Spam-detection is pretty much solved, with black-lists and white-list. In some countries it's illegal to send spam, so you can safely add them as white-list's. One part of Internet's success is that it's decentralized. startup idea: Make it easy for "normal" people to have their own "Instagram" or blog. What the "browser" is trying to solve: Reading word document, Reading PDF, Playing Flash, Reading news-feed, Database search. Instead of having separate programs for each document, we should only need, the "browser" to open them. And the documents should be able to link to each others. And served using an open standard. It would also be great if you could open general purpose app's in the "browser" so you don't have to install them. My first though was: "I could make a game with this". And the first thing on my todo-list would be "server rendering", so that the server only send the client what the player see. There's a few optimizations techniques that you can apply, like sorting. You keep track of all the points the player is currently looking at, and sort them. Then when the world state is updated, the server check all clients whether to send the new update or not. If we ever receive radio from another world, they're probably already extinct. Rune is much easier to carve into stone and tree. If you want to see rune in the wild, you should go to a public toilet or bus booth made of tree. :P I would never invest in a tech company that had more non-engineers then engineers. Especially if they didn't have a ready product. My experience with such companies is that their focus is on office decoration, rather then the product. If you are not the engineer type, make sure you hire three of those to make up for it. :P I would recommend ELEIKO, they cost ten times more, but will also hold for fifty years. If you can come over old ELEIKO bars and discs, it will be a bargain! IP white-listing can be great until you one day add a load balancer and all requests now come from a trusted IP :P Lesson learned: Add more "layers" of security. Just like all other browsers, they make money from Google and other search engines. Think of every time your browser redirects you to Google or Bing search ... They earn quite a lot from this. Why not get a server tower case and motherboard while you're at it? Supermicro has some good ones. Too bad Microsoft bought it, and shut it down though :/ Just reading this thread made me angry, as I remembered every time I've been angry. I currently own a N9 mobile phone, witch is the successor of N900. I had a windows phone before that. And the N9 is superior to Windows phone in all aspects. When Microsoft bought the company (Nokia) they shut down all support for the phone, including SDK, app store, music store, maps, roads and software updates. You could do some SOE. And add an "Attribution" clause to your license. People will however look at recent updates. And take into account the differences between the repositories, before deciding witch one to use. This is how it should work by default IMHO. "Forking" is flawed: What if it was the other way around: Lets say You cloned a project and are actively maintaining it, why should people be directed to the original outdated repository!? > You could use a feature phone, or an old n900 I'm pretty sure Microsoft killed that one too. Microsoft's strategy is to literally kill the competitors. They won't afford buying Google or Apple though :P This feels a bit weird, they have a ton of press and they are on steam for gods sake. This thread alone probably generated enough sales to pay for those post stamps. The investment in infrastructure will usually benefit the locals for years. Doing the math on infrastructure is not that simple. Ex: How much would it be worth, if one million people saved 30 minutes every day? Or that you live in a city where you can practice virtually any sport on the highest level!? webGL is very low level, so you should be able to get good performance. But the problem I think is that the specifications/standards move too fast. If you start to build a game with the latest technology today, those technologies will be deprecated once your release the game :P I'm generally against radio communication because everyone has to share the wavelengths. It would however be very cool and cost effective if you could "peer" over radio link instead of digging cable trenches through cities and people's properties. With smart access points, they could cooperate to not interfere. This reminds me of the famous quote: "Everything that can be Invented has already been Invented". But I agree with you that if you have a 10 GB monthly limit, higher bandwidth wont change much. I'm a professional and I search the web, look in books, and ask other people ... I also learn new stuff every day by doing so. It's pretty stupid that it's considering cheating in school. Do you want schools to turn our kids into encyclopedias!? I think it's more important that we learn them to share, work together, communicate, find information (source criticism), explore and learn new stuff. It wasn't until second visit I found this was a NodeJS emulator and WYSIWYG editor. And not a graph maker. It would be cool if you could plugin coding snippets to your own website. I'm writing JavaScript tutorials and this would be very helpful. This server reminds me of when I first tried dayZ (arma2 mod). You spawn with nothing, have no idea what to do and there are zombies and bandits everywhere that wants to kill you. It took me a few tries before I managed to sneak out of the "spawn zone" without getting killed or starving to death. Then I traveled for hours until I finally found and area where no-one had built. And made a nice base there. Nice article and good explanations. But I still wonder why some people store blobs in a database rather then simple files on a file-system!? I remember a game where you made circuit boards ... I think this kind of puzzle programming could work in low level programming, but for higher level, with millions of objects and layers of abstractions, it will be impossible. I would recommend a course in micro economics. Learning micro economics really changed how I think about finance. Anyone who plan to start a company some day should know how markets work, marginal return, opportunity cost, sunk cost, etc. If there was no patent system, you would keep all your ideas and research secret. And that would hinder advances in science, as people would keep discoveries to themselves. As a programmer I see matrices as an abstraction layer. Without them, formulas for 3d calculations get very long and error prone. Optimization is a drug. If you do it too much you will get addicted and it will ruin your productivity. But damn it feels great :P Low dosage will have a placebo effect, at best. Good nutrition and sleep is far more effective. Ask anyone with a lot of experience (20 years of usage) and he/she will tell you that it's not worth it! (unless there's a monetary incentive). Elite athletics (15+ training sessions/week) is not healthy, and we do not want to make it even more unhealthy by allowing athletes to train even harder. If you do not like "running" you could try sprinting instead! Or lifting weights. I hate running, but love sprinting. Sure it feels nice when you jog and it feels like you could go on for hours, but compare that to the "pump" witch feels like an orgasm. Depending on the algorithm for "homepage news" on say Facebook. Having fake "likes" will result in your "news" being seen only by "fake" people or people that are not interested. Why do scientific "papers" insist of using PDF when HTML would be a much better choice as it supports linking to references, dynamic media (better graphs), meta keywords and search indexing!? The advertising market have been inflating for ten years now. Ten years ago one user would earn you an average of one usd per month, while you only get around 1 cent per user now. The same goes for advertisers, if your ad gets shown for ten thousand people, you can expect one lead. While ten years ago that would have been a hundred leads. This was a positive read! About the stress and modularization. It's important that developers feel they are an important part of the team. But if they are working for free, it needs to be fun and not feel like work. Interacting with others are fun! But not if it gets out of control. So when you modularize, you should try to make a balance for human interaction in mind. Maybe keep the number of module interaction down below five at any given time, example: When a new feature is added, max five modules should need updating. Sometimes we forget that we are making software for humans, by humans, and not for compilers and computers. Is it just me or is there very high margins in the hosting business"? If you have a mobile web-app, make sure users can use it while offline! The biggest attack surface is probably cgi scripts (php etc). hmm, I wonder if it's possible to require modules in vanilla browser JavaScript ... Both require() and module.export is valid JavaScript, so it should be possible! You just need a service that will redirect a module name to an on-line repository. I think it's just better to download the files and host them yourself. The only reason why you want to include third party scripts is that you want automatic bug updates etc!? You still need a ton of statistics and a big enough pool to make it reliable. Then you will need staff to handle applications, support and abuse ... Fair enough. Add httpS to that and it will be a good security layer. "await" will not help you if you do not understand the asynchronous nature. I think it's a unnecessary abstraction. And it's much easier to follow callbacks if you abstract them like this: socket.on("data", echo); // calls the echo function when data arrives You can black-list their IP's! Just make sure you do it via your smtp so that false-positive's at least know that their e-mails are not getting trhough. How do you hide the LAN from the container? What a minute ... They use Google Analytics in a "secure" app!? I even removed Google Analytics from a GAME because I was concerned about the player's privacy. I like challenges like this because I can prove you can write elegant solutions using only vanilla JavaScript, HTML and CSS. This one is too restricting though, why not push all request via the websocket? That's how I do things nowadays, using sockJS to provide compatibility with old browsers that don't support Websockets. The only thing that will save you is your enemies incompetence :P Make sure you encrypt ALL communication and not just the password or cookie. This whole project is impressive! Programming, community managing, marketing, etc, it seems this guy is working full time on that site. But what is the business plan? The problem is that publishers want to know everything about their users, so they add tons of "spyware" that slow down the site. Who does already know EVERYTHING about your users? But can they sell it? startup idea: Make a blazingly fast CMS that tracks everything and show pretty graphs. Show me some implementations already :P Also check out mySQL's geo spatial functions. Check your root certificates. If any of those has capabilities of "Man in the middle", they can see your SSL traffic. That's probably how they do it. So who would buy electronics that would destroy itself if you analyzed certain software? You lead the way and when you have half of them with you, the rest will follow. I actually think Apple users considers that as a good thing. Self destructing computers is entirely different, unless it's a hard drive feature. That's a good example. That people will buy them unknowingly. But we can avoid that by informing. I don't think any brand willingly put bad capacitors in just so that their products can self-destroy though? The difference between a "bot" and a real person is that the real person have money to spend. Now, how do you figure out if someone is a real person or not? I guess big providers has to deal with "newbies" all the time, that don't know how to configure their server and run open relays. And don't know how to add extra headers etc. That said, silently dropping messages without a notification is probably illegal! And pretty serious! So if you know what you are doing (and you are not a spammer) you should send a cease and desist! Just make sure you use double opt-in and that providing an e-mail address in sign-ups/etc is optional! Some will however put your mail in a spam-folder and it's not much you can do about it, just hope your readers complain to their provider. So basically: setup your smtp relay correctly! Make sure you are not on any black-lists. Add extra headers like dkmi / precedence, add spf (don't froget ipv6) and ptr. Add your relays to white-lists. Publicly publish a privacy and e-mail policy (important! with opt in and optional clause); Link to them and fill out some "email provider" forms at gmail/microsoft. Send out a bunch of test mails. This will take a whole day, but if you do this, you will have no problems unless your IP or domain is perma-banned. I don't get these simplistic editors. You just have to learn ten HTML tags to do the formatting these editors offer. What would be useful though, would be an editor that supported "design" and not just text. Sharing files between NAT:ed computers is extremely hard compared to understanding simple XML. That said, it's kinda sad we need "specialists" to make web content. Maybe we should abandon HTML for a binary format for WWW 2.0 like with HTTP!? This is a cool game! But does it represent the real world? It seems to be a game of reflexes. Or does ranking in the top 100 means I actually can predict the future? In that case, the stock market seems like easy money, especially if it's about reflexes as you can have a computer do the work and trade in hundred of stocks simultaneously. It would be interesting to add standard fee's to the game. "They also found that the disk had been used at the Christ Lutheran Church and the Park City library." “It’s pretty basic stuff,” Landwehr says about the reconstruction of the deleted information. “Anybody who knows anything about computers could figure it out.” So how did the disk save the church info?? "there's more then one way to skin a database" The D people laugh at the dynamic type languages, yet they have "auto" in-front of all variables ;) 99% is probably stolen passwords and 0.0001% brute forced passwords. If there is a Trojan, it can read the clipboard data. But most ppl save their password unencrypted. And can then be found by exploits in browser, java, flash, etc. Or unknowingly sharing the password file on a file-sharing network :P It's more secure to write it down on a piece of paper, then saving it on your hdd and copy/paste into the password box. Allowing 100,000 login attempts per second is in itself insecure! Using longer passwords in that case is just treating the symptoms of a bad security strategy. Good security strategy: Have many layers of security! For example: Limit the login attempts to max ten tries. And another layer, whether you like it or not is to make users not use their "standard" password. More security layers: hash+random salt, SSL, password timing, logging, 2-way authentication, hiding, white-listing, ... a strong password =) Please note the difference between cryptography and password authentication though. In cryptography, a longer key is most likely always better. In the early days of my JavaScript'n I always used minus instead of plus when doing addition. But as the language and tools has matured I hardly see any type errors any more. I do have a habit of parseInt() that won't easily go away though :P Besides the concatenation of numbers to strings and vice versa, most other type errors in JavaScript will give you a syntax error or something like NaN (Not a Number). So don't mix strings and numbers. Everything else is just "objects". =) One thing that causes lots of bugs though is undefined object properties. But I'm not sure if inferred types would help in those cases. I think the best strategy is to find a good developer, then stick with him/her. There are tons of good developer out there who are willing to do hard work for almost nothing. You just need to find one. Simply hiring the lowest bidder is a waste of time unless your project budget is $50000 or more. At that range, you can find hungry developers that are willing to do ten times more work then you would get from established players. I love that v8 (nodejs /chromium, JavaScript) does JIT compiler optimizations. It means I can build for maintainability and still get the same performance as if I had built for speed. Ex: array vs object literal, or array vs object properties. I still do higher level optimizations though, like caching and tweaking formulas (less computations), when needed. When running a business, you need to spend 50% of your time on the business-part and the other 50% on providing content, serving your customers, etc. With ads, you let the ad-network do the business-part, while only taking 10%-50% of your turn-over. You can spend 100% of your time making content, etc. Especially small businesses are happy with that model. The ads where good for content, as more content was created. But it's now leaving a huge gap of opportunity! Then there's also product discovery. We need new ways for people to discover more content that they are interested in. For me it's just the A:tag that is slightly bigger. I have to do slightly more scrolling now, but that is acceptable. I still have to zoom in to up-vote or click on comments though, but that do not bother me. The first page look like a random "spam site" because of the random stock images. It says nothing about bye, sell, or trade. Maybe show new and popular items on the front page instead? It would also be a good idea to explain what the site does and what's unique about it. I think you would be better off using a full fledged forum. Then use a chat (IRC or whatever) on top of that for real time communication. Where the important stuff goes to the forum, and general talk in the chat. We still have Object.defineProperty (ES5) where you can have functions for get and set. I use this for database ORM for native Node.js object persistence. I agree with the article and think static web sites is the way to go if the read/write ratio is high, and where the view is not unique to the user. However, quote > "The static version is more than six times as fast on average!" This must be an engineering problem, especially on easily cached content. Serving static web sites Does require computation. But the current tools are very well made and optimized for it, witch is not the case with most CMS systems. I think CDN is over-kill/hype. If you do everything right, all you get is better latency. If your dynamic site loads slower then a static site, you are probably doing needless database round-trips, redirects, synchronized writes, or html rendering. That is best case scenario ... But probably a premature optimization. You also have to look at time to first byte, total time, and client rendering time. If it takes like ten seconds to render the site on the client, then 10ms gain on connection time wont help much. Test tool: http://www.webpagetest.org/video/ When all css, fonts etc are cached on the browser client, then there's almost no gain with CDN. Last time I tried Fedora I got stuck on installing the boot manager, probably because of secure boot. It worked fine on Ubuntu though. Can I talk to someone not on my seed server? The Cardova tech is very exiting and advancing fast. Today it's almost as easy as making a web app. Your users need to hack their OS to be able to use your app though ... OS's need to find a way to contain apps that don't need full system access. Maybe by higher level user-mode so that apps need to ask for permission before using API's. I can hear insects and buzzing electronic devices, and my partner thinks I'm crazy some times. Thinking I might have golden ears I tested * my range and I could hear up to 18kHz. * http://onlinetonegenerator.com/hearingtest.html I find using name-spaces in imports makes the code a hundred times easier to reason about. With JavaScript (nodejs) var lightsOn = true; setInterval(blink, 2000); function blink() { var fs = require("fs"); fs.writeFile("/sys/class/leds/beaglebone:green:usr0/brightness", lightsOn, function (err) { if (err) throw err; }); lightsOn = lightsOn ? false : true; } I can't make comments on Youtube. It doesn't tell me why, but I think it's because I deleted my G+ account. I wanted to show the power of JavaScript types, and you got a type bug? What the irony. I'll probably report that as a bug in nodejs or an undocumented "feature". Why can't virtualization and containing of the app be done on a OS level? Why do we need the browser to run "web" apps? > consistency over a long period That's the secret to all success! It sounds like they do not want to have you on as an investor. It also sounds like you no longer want to invest in them. So figure out what your equity is worth and get rid of it. While I'm very aware of the social factor, I still use that heuristic. For example when deciding what software package to install, I heavily base my decision on amount of contributors and monthly downloads! (witch could be easily faked). Startup idea: Make a trusted, corruption free review site, with employed reviewers. > the web pages you visit, and the search terms you enter Is this for real? I had no option to disable it when installing VS Code. And it only said usage statistics! Nothing about recording my web-surf and search. > super fast typing response How do you measure the typing response? Do you have a speed camera hooked up or something!? Sadly JavaScript or "the language of the web" is going towards binary rather then openness. The big sites like Google already obfuscate their code so it's hard to see what it does. I learned JavaScript by viewing other peoples source code, witch was as easy as right clicking and selecting view source. Unless we want more people to disable JavaScript, we need to keep it open source and transparent! You only save bandwidth the first time the resource is accessed. After that it's loaded from the browser cache! So over time, the band-witch saving by minification is insignificant. Lets say your .js files takes up 5% of your total app size after gzip compression, and minification saves you around 20%. Then you have saved around 1% bandwidth at the cost of obfuscation and more difficult debugging. And If it's cached, witch all main-steam browsers does, you've saved around 0.01% at best. So if you pay $10,000 in bandwidth costs each month, that's $1 saved :P Modern JavaScript engines can compile the code to an intermediate form (or even to machine language) which may allow performance roughly equal with compiled languages like C. While JavaScript is probably slower and use much more resources, it's not always the case. I would also argue that bit-torrent doesn't take up much resources, at least when only seeding a few files, I guess you would have to seed thousands of files for performance to matter. Hashes are generally used to check data integrity ... When hashing passwords you want a function that is slow and have MANY (but not too many) collisions so that it can not be brute-forced in any direction. Lets say someone gains access to the password hashes, he/she can compute hashes until a match is found. And then login to that particular system, but does not know the secret (if there are many collisions, and the pw is random). I'm no expert though, and I assume that if someone gains access to all the password hashes, he/she already has access to the system. You could start with Bitcoin only, then when you are big enough you can start with other currencies too. There are insane competition in the gaming scene, so if you are very good at the technical side you are probably better off making engines then actual games. And it's probably easier to have developers as customers then to have (teenage) gamers as customers. The problem is that the vendor OS disk is just a "factory reset" and not a clean windows copy. The problem is that this also goes on in adulthood and even in board meetings. Even if you have the majority on your side they will sit quietly and watch you take a beating! Then think about what happens if you try to have a discussion about something that is not "politically correct". The problem with not allowing discussion about extreme topics is that the extremists will end up only discussing among themselves. And that's where it can become dangerous. So who types in URL's or use bookmarks!? It's the new with. To be fair, the content of that forum could probably fit inside the RAM. And it's not doing anything fancy like sorting, etc. "Name your functions": Easier to know what the code does, flattens the "Christmas tree from hell", no need for ugly closures, + Makes it's easier to debug. Anonymous functions is probably the most abused syntax in JavaScript. I also get furious reading this! My advice: Thank them for everything you've learned and explain that you are about too seek other ventures, but you really like working for them, and wish them the best. Then leave as fast as your contract lets you. Take out any semester if you have any left and go on a vacation. When you have officially quit and your contract is off. You can get hired again and can negotiate a much better contract. Also look for other jobs! And write down everything you've accomplished and the value you add to the company. And in the future, if you even smell bullshit and think something is unfair, you have to open your voice and argue! You also need to "ventilate" far more often, so that when you "ventilate" it will only be small issues instead of the "huge pile" you just dropped. I wonder how many does code review on node packages, have an apparmor profile on node etc? I think the intended package method is to get the user to first install nw.js then just give them the app files. nw.js is backwards compatible, so if your app works now, it will probably work in future versions too! If you do not care about Windows 7 you could use cardova instead. About error reporting in nw.js, it's just like working with chrome (chromium), you see JS errors in: developer tools > console tab. You could probably send messages to a log instead of the developer tools (might require editing the nw.js source code). I always post this rant about HTML (WYSIWIG) editors. If you know what the buttons do, you can also code HTML! All you have to know is the button's corresponding html-tags: h1, h2, p, br, b, i, img, a, ul, ol, li, table, tr, th, td. Make a top list with the most shared and liked music! I would like a medieval genre! (for fantasy RPG's) Removing your hand from the keyboard, to move the mouse pointer to a small button, then back again to the input ... Or you could learn ten simple and standardized HTML tags and increase your productivity and control over the semantics. I believe that teaching customers a standardized and widely used markup language such as HTML will be very valuable. You do not have to use HTML as the ONLY option though. There can be two views, one HTML view witch contain only the blog post in HTML, and then a rendered preview including design and layout with contenteditable. A browser API would defy the purpose of security layering. The browsers for example, doesn't report their internal tracking request to the developer tools, and probably wouldn't provide that info to an API either. Does anyone have a guide on how to MITM SSL from your own computer!? I still believe that multi-part e-mail conversations can be cleaned up with a few "diffs" and presented in a chat-like view. I would love to write my bash scripts in node, but end up writing them in bash anyway ... How do you do something like this in node? sudo -u 2>&1 >> logfile | tee | echo I would also recommend: https://github.com/alcuadrado/hieroglyphy I use windows for the GUI. Win8 is very battery friendly, heck it uses less battery then Linux in console mode. This is amusing ... HTML5 video have been available for years! Even in royalty-free formats. As for DRM, if you can play it on a monitor, even hardware decoded, you can still capture it! Doesn't Netflix allow you to watch the same movie over and over again without paying extra!? So there is no incentive to copy it in the first place! I think that's like saying: "I prefer to use the hammer instead of the screwdriver" for something with a helical ridge. You are better off re-inventing Java or Python, but in a container and streamed over the Internet from an URL. In our city fiber network we have less then 1ms (ping) latency ... Does anyone have the slides? If you want to make your kids smarter, read books/stories with them! It will make them better at understanding the context, making them better readers when they get older. Imagine if you could get a percentage every time money change hands! One problem is that keygen is either deprecated or not supported. So you have to create the client cert on the server, then have the user download it (including private key). Or the client has to create a signing request and then upload it to the server, and then download the certificate. Once that is done though, client certificates works pretty well, the browser will pop up a "what certificate to use" dialog when entering the web site. And the server (nginx) will send all the details like name, city etc to the web-server application. Another problem vs passwords, is that the user has to copy or download the certificate to each computer device. And just like passwords, you need to have a process for identifying the user in case he lose the certificate/key. I think they are trying to be too smart about it ... I rather waste several GB's of HDD space then having my production crash once because of dependencies. ZFS has snapshots with no duplication and little overhead. You can for example have rolling snapshots, so that you can get the state of a special file say seven days ago, or one month ago, without saving "backups". But of course you should also have backups, but on another system/offsite/offline. I dont get it ... Is it a storage driver, web app, file manager? What makes this better then say notepad or vim? Or saving text files on your local system!? I think this is the reason why "functional" programming results in fewer bugs ... or that you need to be really smart to do it. Or because you most of the time is refactoring the program (from an imperative language). It would be cool if you could make a HTTP request with the voice command as text , then have it speak the result. Would make it easy to write services for it. I would be very interested in a product like this with the above functionality. I don't know about you, but where I live (Sweden) there are strict rules on how you can store personal data and who has access to it. It's also against the law to put people in "databases". I guess we still remember WW2 and how the Nazi used such registers ... You need a lot of volume to measure this. For a new company/product I think it's better to start low and then increase the price if/when you get more business. By the looks of it, it actually IS a fully featured live video stack including "your own video hoster". But sure, if you want netflix scale, a Raspery Pi on ADSL wont do, at least not for now. You let old customers stay on their current rate. Then they will think they got a good deal. But of course it works best on products with a lot of growth, making buyers think it's good to buy in now and not later when it's more expensive. You need the customer's consent. So if they opt-in it's alright in most cases. But you can only store their personal data if you absolutely need to, and in a secure way. For example only store post address if you intend to send them snail male. You can for example only have someone in your CRM if they are a customer. And if they ask you to remove their data, you must remove all information about them. You do not have to worry if your company and all your equipment is located outside Sweden though. But as for example Facebook have a data-center in Sweden, you can actually request them to remove all your data. Example of illegal database is a database for direct marketing. Or a register of race, religion or preferences. This is exactly what we do in school. Maybe that's why it work. First you do math, then languages, then religion etc. You never work on the same thing for a whole day in school. Can you explain what you mean with "scripting capability"? I'm currently developing a native editor in JavaScript (using chromium) where it's very easy to write a "plug-in" in JavaScript. I'm currently developing a JavaScript editor in JavaScript (chromium) for JavaScript programmers. My goal is to make a editor that does deep static code analysis to generate function list, function argument helper, find misspelled properties and smart code completion. When I started I looked at like hundred editors and the best one that had was I was looking for was Visual Studio, and currently visual studio Code, witch has actually improved since I started working on my editor. And it's also open source. But it's written in type-script while my editor is in vanilla JS. I'm also writing a paper on decentralized social networks. And the biggest hurdle I think is to make currently available technology stacks easier to use for non technical users. You are right. A few years ago, googleupdate.exe would scan all your hard drives, it would be interesting to know what they did with all that data. That's why I spent several hundred dollars on a copy of Windows. But can you imagine my reaction when Microsoft secretly installed tracking software to collect my personal data!? Some times when I open up a new app, copy something into clipboard, or search on the web, there will be outgoing connections to akamai / microsoft servers. I'm currently migrating to Linux because of this. I recently installed asterisk and I have SIP built in into my mobile. Works very well, and was easy to setup. There are apps on Android that lets you run your (old) phone as a SMS gateway. Just plug it into a usb port and select usb tethering. Then on the server/pc: ethtool usb0 sudo ifconfig usb0 192.168.100.100 ip addr show usb0 When you hear stories about dudes building self-driving cars in their garages, you might think the "market" will solve it. But we're no way near having self driving cars. I find this interesting, but a bit too complex. As a hardcore JavaScript programmer I make use of clusters or spawn child process to handle "actors" and I think that is much easier to reason about. I would be happy if Pony had some examples of how to manage "world" state. For example if two objects in a 2D world intersects, or when one actor fires a laser, decide if another actor was hit by it. I'm writing server code for MMO's and it seems like Erlang, Pony, etc would be the magic tool for such systems, but I never seem to "get it". I was looking at Glacier for my backups, but it seemed to complicated ... glad I didn't use it. I ended up using some cheap VPS, two of them located in two different countries. And it's still cheaper then say Dropbox. ISP offering 100/1000 Mbit connections with a data limit of 2 GB /month is absurd. I think that is the problem here, and not heavy content. Then there are bandwidth monitors ... I noticed though that the video continued downloading even though I had hit pause. As a long time JS developer I was blown away by the V8 performance, and it still amaze me. And it works very well on Windows. What would be cool though, is if we could use vbScript in Node. Because vbScript is even easier to learn then JavaScript! I guess the plan is to just keep making "improvements" witch works well for keeping the platform fresh and interesting. Then monetizing it along the way. It's also nice that it will be able to run everywhere and a "Windows" app will work on all "Windows" devices. Good design is when your hopes and expectations come true meaning: When you do a user action, like double clicking, the application should do what you expect and hope it will do. I seem to disregard languages that imports to global name-space by default, because such programs tend do create spaghetti nightmare inception. Isn't SSL/TLS certificates broken when all you have to do is to add one root certificate to MITM everyone else's SSL/TSL? I guess there are as many static site generators as there are blogging developers :P "Require" is the reason why we now have a module for just about anything in Node.JS. I even think Kevin Dangoor or whoever invented it should get the Nobel prize. But then the ES committee choose to use paradigms from year 1970. I cry every time someone use import instead of require in JS because they miss out why globals are bad, modularity is good, and the JS API philosophy (super simple objects with (prototype) methods). HTML takes like five minutes to learn. CSS is a lot harder, but give someone a few hours and they will also master CSS, or at least be able to Google what they are looking for. JavaScript is a beast though. But if you use only the good parts and stay away from the quirks, someone should be able to code JavaScript within a few days. What you should look for instead: Do they like learning new stuff? Are they humble and prestige-less? Are they intelligent and can think in abstract? The main technical difference is that you can not have scoped imports. The main impact though, is that many will use a hammer on screws, meaning; people used to "other tools", can now do so (ES6: import, class, etc). While require teaches you to use the electrical screwdriver. Yes. It makes things so much simpler. Your program do not have to be complex! It can exist entirely of functions that do not depend on their outer scope. You can basically change everything around them and the function will still work the same. And you do not have to look outside the function to understand what it does. You only have to know about the standard objects witch in JavaScript (ES5) is Math, Date, JSON and Error. Everything else is "required" when needed. A module is already scoped in node.js. It would be nice to have scoped require in the browser too, instead of just global import. Splitting up a program, or module, into (more) modules does not make it simpler, rather contrary, it makes it more complex! Unless it's a fully decoupled abstraction reusable in other projects. An example of require-ing within individual functions: A function to send notifications to e-mail or SMS ... It makes more sense to require the SMTP or SMS module in those functions, then somewhere else. This is interesting because I have a food project on ice, that got stuck on OCR'ing receipt's. There are proprietary scanners that are OK, but not perfect. There are still a lot of progress to be done is in this area! There are some awesome demos, but I think code size is a stupid limit, yet I can not come up with any better restriction. What would you say if your software colleges tried to write their code in as few characters as possible? It always result in "obfuscated" code. Maybe there should be a code competition where you get points for simplicity as wells as how impressive the result is!? In sports there are no secrets, just different philosophies. I find it very confusing with flat node_modules as it doesn't hide complexity. Yes, I noticed that when I upgraded; spent several hours debugging before I found out that was the problem (I had both flat and nested, where prod used the old, and my tests used the new) ... Or you could just let your CDN control DNS. I think www is a relic from the days where you only had one host per server ... Or do you want to slap www infront of everything, like www.news.ycombinator.com !? I think type-script is great. But what's true for every bug that ever existed!? It passed the type checker! I think styling should be done with semantics as far as possible (avoiding classes). One thing that you should look out for is that many users run on low brightness and has a lot of glare. So (while the lower contrast is better on high-end screens) you want as much contrast as possible! The tooltip should change position if it's rendered outside the visible area! > because it's going to take you several hours to persuade them that you do in fact know how to do your job Never, ever argue about the person! When arguing with programmers you should only argue about the technical side. For them it's not about prestige, it's about making a perfect system. X+Y=3 because I know math (wrong) X+Y=3 because X=1 and Y=2 (right) I consider myself a very productive person ... But I just removed about 30 years of work from my todo-list, after reading this article. Don't play with your phone instead of your partner or penis. I don't know how to write this without upsetting quite a lot of people, but RAID!???! I run Redundant disk controllers and hard drives on ZFS. And it's cheaper than a decent RAID system. First thing I do with a new server is disabling RAID. I understand there are huge benefits of cloud hosting. But why are they running RAID? Why can't my setup be used at scale!? When reading this I though, is this how the next "web" will look like!? Having the world mounted at file system level and content streamed or pushed on demand. What about a public key block-chain where "mining" is storing and serving data!? A system with baked in hosting/browsing, identity (public key) and micro-transactions (web-money). I find it funny that payment fees are double the office rent. And they decide to close the office. There are no reason why payments over the Internet has to cost that much! This might be what I need, but it needs guides and tutorials ... Basically what I'm looking for is a thin client that can render a canvas, or image, and get keyboard/mouse inputs. And if possible use the HTML Canvas API, and run JavaScript. Basically something like nw.js or Electron, but with only a canvas. With cross platform support. It's not like credit companies are shipping gold nuggets across the states when you make an online payment. Money is just an abstract value that exist on a balance sheet. There is no reason why we can't have fast, low fee, micro-transactions via the Internet. This sounds interesting. Do you have a web-site? Open source? After a streak of HN articles loading slow or crashing my old mobile browser, your site loaded instantly! I have a heuristic bias that whether a web-tech company's web site crash my mobile browser or not, reflects the quality of their technology. LXD looks sweet, and seem to have many advantages over Docker. The only issue I got with it is the network settings where I miss a configuration that let me isolate the containers from the LAN, while still giving them Internet access. Humans walk very efficient. If you want to burn fat or get your heart rate up, a 20 second sprint is equal to two hours of walking. If you want to increase the capacity of your cardiovascular system, to get a lower resting pulse, the best method is to engage in an activity that gives you around 70% of your max heart rate, for about 45 minutes or more. Examples of such activities (for normal people) is gym training, cleaning the house, mowing the lawn, etc. At least twice a week. Max pulse is around 220 minus age. So if you are 35, you want to average (220-35)*0.7=130, witch will feel easy. I think this is unfair because it's basically in the old-school systems domain of problems. I've also forgotten basically all high level math from school. And have to re-learn when the occasion comes to use some of it. But one thing that occurred to me is that in school I just learned how to make the calculations, so I never got a deep understanding on how things worked anyway. And that's fine. I might not have understood the article, but avoiding to write code is dangerous, and will lead to code that after a while will be impossible to understand because there will be hacks upon hacks. Your boss loves this though. And about cleaning up the code after you got it working, ha ,ha, like that would ever happen. It doesn't have to look nice, but make sure you get it right from the start, and that it covers all those twenty edge cases. It will cost more time ... So most software projects fail anyway!? Maybe it's because of your shitty code ? (grin) It's good that we forget stuff, or everyday tasks would be like querying from a fully saturated disk. But we might have a tiny fraction of it in cpu cache, that will let use make heuristic decisions. I also find this annoying. The reason is because there are no locks in Nodejs. It never waits for a query to execute, so you have to use callbacks. This makes your app super performant. You can now run your service on one CPU core where you needed twenty physical servers to handle the same traffic before. Instead of FBI paying apple engineers to hack a phone, why don't they ask their kids !? It would probably save millions of dollars. I think that "having fun" stimulates brain growth. And rats really like running on that wheel. You could make an "offline" app instead of a web service. I think people trust "apps" more then web services. Especially if it's open source. I love listening to (success) stories. You should make more of those. Maybe if you somehow could measure brain activity and hormones. Civ I is impressive, even to todays standards (mobile gaming) I find working out or playing computer games meditating as I can completely let my thoughts go. Don't use #id in CSS. Use .class instead. Then you can use the #id for scripting, and you can separate concerns. For example: not having to update your CSS code when you change #id, or vice versa. Using HTML5 semantics as much as possible instead of div.class is a good advice, as it will make the CSS more simple. Look at companies that make smart devices, such as sensors. When picking colors I usually find some inspiration, then take a screen-shot and pick the colors off it using this tool: http://webtigerteam.com/colorpicker/ Because a computer program is just a set of instructions, you could argue if we even need copyrights!? Personally I think software copyrights is a nice middle way. Software pattens is just silly, you want to have comments in your code? Pay Microsoft! You want to make object oriented code? Pay Oracle. Need networking? Pay Facebook. Many people are willing to pay to increase their social proof or status.. There's probably an untapped market for selling e-points. I guess "Internet telephone" is still an unsolved problem silly smile I've setup asterisk as a personal SIP/voip server and it works pretty good. You can even hook it up to a provider that lets you out on the telephone network. And SIP is built into many hardware phones already. Like most free software I had to find information here and there and do some trail and error. But it was a way better experience then for example compiling something (with deprecated dependencies). I really love apt-get! When I was in the training business I was thinking of buying an ultrasound device. Yes, they are expensive, but the hardest part is you need a lot of training, even if you know your anatomy by heart, it's hard to make something out of the image. I think it can be greatly improved by better software, so it get's closer to an MRI. While I think this rant is valid. Many people care more about look then readability. If it looks boring, they might not read it. So I think it's up to the client to do the font override, etc. Now I understand why Windows takes up several gigabytes while Linux is only a few megabytes. Not only that, you need an iPhone and several iPad versions too because they are all different. Supporting Apple devices suck unless that is your main dev platform. > making over $30,000 per day in ad revenue I wonder where he pulled that number from. Permutations are more a IQ test. The closest we have in JS is implementing a "marquee tag". Traversing JSON, or cloning an object or array is actually somewhat common. But I find it funny that the solution is to make a Class, having a "for in" loop, and variable declarations in a loop. It's clear that the one who made that solution has never done any serious JS coding silly smile I could make another rant about making a new Class for each problem. You want to write code that is easily removed, not complexed! Only problem is that just like the other game "money-grab" cough king cough companies, all their successful games are just copies of other less know successful games. So the problem is they don't know how to make a game, just how to copy a game. It's too bad Notch's (who made Minecraft) blog got lost. He blogged almost daily when he made Minecraft. It's basically an instruction book on how you should do it! He had just worked one week or so when he showed a crude demo/prototype on IRC/forums. And people thought it looked cool. So you do not have to, and should not wait until the game is finished before showing it to ppl and start writing about it on chat and forums. When the game got into a playable state he already got some followers. And the word started to spread. It was still a free Java applet at the time. Then people started to play it on Youtube and it exploded. And that's when he started charging 10 bucks for the game. "gentleman sport", while cheating might be simple and undetectable, you simply do not do it as it would take out the fun and challenge. Money seem to corrupt many such sports though. To hire someone, you need money, and to get money, you need to get hired ... The problem is that there is not enough money! Being more productive usually let you earn more too. Yet another reason why you should have a (offline) backup of all your important files. I think the root of the problem is that browser vendors break stuff all the time. A new browser comes out and now breaks your ten year old web page ... Then the web dev team says fuck it we'll only support Firefox and Chromium, and start using features that only works on those browsers. Ten years ago, web dev was all about getting your page to work on all platforms. But today we have hundreds of possible combinations of OS x Browser x Extensions, so it's just impossible. I try to only use browser features that are three years old and "standard". But not even that works. Phone/Ipad browsers are the biggest offenders of breaking stuff. Using SQL Server on Linux would be like swearing in church silly smile I'm making a code editor and chose a grid: two dimensional array, And a string. Then it can cross check the string and array to see if there is a bug somewhere. This is of course not efficient, but it keeps me sane. The grid also makes it easy to render the text. Yes, thanks god for the garbage collector. Although this is JavaScript so I see it as a mutable string. A little anecdote: When I first learned programming I didn't know you could have long variable names. When I later found out you could, it felt like cheating. Sorry, I keep mixing up variables with types. I do not think about types when I program (JavaScript). You might find my blog interesting: http://webtigerteam.com/johan/en/blog/editor2.htm http://webtigerteam.com/johan/en/blog/editor.htm I can't wait for the day when it's actually cheaper to host in the cloud then hosting the servers yourself, electric, bandwidth, and storage costs included. This is a step in the right direction! Just like responsive web design, only those who "resize" will enjoy it. blink I think it's a great concept. It looks good, but the controls are a bit funky and not intuitive, compared to for example Minecraft where you "got it" right away. You should make the demo into a tutorial, so when ppl make the decision to buy or not, they already know how to play. Or you could just kick the door in - and turn the lights on. Then write "HACKED" on the wall with a spray painter. (sarcasm) You have to put things in perspective. It just have to be secure enough. It's for example hard to build anything, if it has to endure a meteor strike. You will not notice anything unless you are watching the memory graph. I see no reason for "optimization" at this time. I'm making web apps/clients in the browser, servers using node.js and desktop "native" apps using nw.js. All in vanilla JavaScript, and I love it. If you need additional functionality, there's always a module for it (npmjs.com) The interesting part is maybe that most apps look like this: And the rest is JavaScript! It does seem a bit stupid to load the browser just for the canvas element though, so if someone know a better solution, please post! I've never had the chance to use a hiDPI display. But it will probably be upscaled and look the same as on a normal screen. It would be an easy fix to increase the canvas context scale though. This is a nice hacking story. But when you have physical access and expertise you can hack anything . So I don't understand what's so sad about it. I do advocate security in depth, and they should probably have added a few more "layers" of security, like hide the cables and encrypt the network traffic. But then he could just use a screwdriver or pull the encryption key from the device, etc. But they probably judged that stopping kids from playing with it would be enough. The guy is a freaking firmware developer and security expert! Say you got inside a datacenter, or nuclear power plant, and pulled a cable from a control unit, you would probably be able to control stuff too, and probably more sensitive stuff then the room lights. As soon as you get access to stuff you are not meant to access, it gets exponentially hard to protect from privilege escalation. As a security exercise, assume a malicious hacker have physical access to your LAN. (shares, KVM, IPMI, MITM) I would like to see the code for the chat or presence server. I have a hunch it will look different depending on the experience of the programmer. I'm especially interested in how they manage state. Because when you do not have to manage state, everything becomes easy and scalable. With state I mean for example a status message for a particular user. Considering opportunity cost of the 100+ hours that probably went into this it would be cheaper to go to a dentist. He might be able to come up with a better or cheaper method then the currently industry standard though ... This is highly opinionated. It will change from person to person, even for the same person in different times of his/her life. My answer would be that "when the planets align": Meaning the right product at the right time. I would be very interested in a micro-payments marketplace though, I think they need a better presentation, because I didn't understand. Do I need to signup? Give them my bitcoins? What do my customers have to do to pay me? The interesting part is how they got any users. Even a junior programmer could build such a system within a day. The answer is: Give each new users 10$ then an extra 10$ for each user they recruit. Acquiring users in this field is the hard part. Prepare to spend a whole day if you want a setup like this. And if you want web mail, you are only half done ... Then you would also want to make a script to reproduce it, in case you had to reinstall your server. I'm thinking there's a business opportunity here, to provide a maintained container, for e-mail in particular. But also to make linux "apps"/servers more modular. I would also like to thank everyone who write tutorials like this for free. If it wasn't possible to "cheat" by using xray or insta mining super tools ... it would be a fun experiment making mining robots etc. I don't think there is a limit on how many "block mined" you can send to the server per second. Or they might have fixed that. Some cheats allow(ed) you to fly around while at the same time mining everything around you. It might sound like a stupid question, but is it faster then vanilla JavaScript!? We badly need micro-payments! A publisher earn around 0.1 cents from ads when I read an article. I would have no problem paying that, even for mediocre "content". It can work like when you vote on HN, you give 1 cent to the author and the one who submitted the article gets 10%. Or you get 1 cent for each like on Facebook, or 1 cent for each view on Youtube.