Charge them a dollar per line? I'm 35 and I just recently started trying to turn what had been a hobby into something that pays. I harbor no illusions about ever making decent money at it though. TRS-80 Color Computer 2, represent. I work with PHP and javascript so I already knew I was scum... I want to. I do have a ton of for-the-love projects which seemed impossible when I started, that i've learned a lot from, failure by failure. I've even got an app I'm building in Laravel (and this is the last you'll likely hear about it.) Unfortunately with where I'm at right now it's just been scutwork that puts gas in the car. I might even take a cs course this year assuming it's possible to get the loans. I'm still paying off an art degree though. By the way never get an art degree. Interesting, and nice design. I'd like to be able to add my github and behance.net profiles as well if I can. Those would reflect my skills a lot better than would my facebook. Also I don't really like that my username seems linked to whatever my email address was -- I should be able to display my real name, and if I can change that I haven't found where yet. What is the user ID for and why is it listed in my profile? I would like to know a bit more about how you're handling payment, and dealing with conflict and arbitration. Can I connect my paypal account? Is there some kind of escrow thing like elance uses? Couple more things. Why is it linked to my facebook account? I don't remember ever opting in for that. How do I unlink it now because my facebook account is not a business account. For that matter, how much control do I actually have over what you pull from my accounts? - Can I delete anything you add and unlink any accounts I link? - Can I opt not to synchronize my accounts or lock my profile at a certain state? - Can I delete my entire workio account if I want, and if so, what if anything does workio retain of my data? Fair enough. I would rather the site showed me that it discovered the account/data and then gave me the option to include it or not, that would have seemed a bit less intrusive. The assumption that it's automatically stuff I want on that profile may not be true. I may not want to present that particular name or profile pic, or deal with not accepting friend requests from clients. I did teach myself enough Perl to write what was possibly the worst flat-file bbs script ever, ages ago on Tripod. >_> I assume this means that if Romney wins everybody gets a raise? Github has standards? Uh oh. Everybody wanna be Michaelangelo, don't nobody wanna bust rocks. Looking around your apartment for something to pawn for food money. If I wasn't there, I was certainly close while I was in school. I remember how embarrassed I was to have to pawn the tv my mother got me for Christmas, when it was the last thing in the apartment I thought I could get something for. Apart from captcha farming what are the issues with recaptcha? >However, isn't that something of the past? Not even remotely. Adobe Business Catalyst users have been getting hammered with comment spam for months now, it shows up in waves on livejournal and I catch it regularly in my akismet queue in wordpress. I see it everywhere, still. If there's a form, something will try to post a link in it. >I've totally outsourced my blog comments to Disqus That's all well and good until someone writes a bot designed to target Disqus users because of the size of its userbase. Clearly the answer then is to kill all the humans. Look at it this way -- now you get to find another new way to easily beat comment spam. And then another. And then another... Some terms could use further disambiguation. For instance - 'lance armstrong' brings up lance, arms (but not arm) and armstrong (which is apparently an airport in Louisiana) but not Lance Armstrong. Cobra brings up the snake, the Cabinet Office Briefing Room but not the insurance plan. Still, it is pretty cool. skeleton + twig + laravel = no complaints. Great. Now make a big blue button to write the app for me as well, and a green one to send me all the money. Maybe a naive question/response on my part but why not rather encrypt it and hold it in a session? Or if you have to put something in a cookie, just a reference that points to some data on the server like an id, which has no real meaning to the end user? I meant storing it on the server - just preferring not to have any actual cc data on the cookie, even obfuscated or encrypted. It may be a distinction without a difference, though, I honestly have never dealt with anything more complex than your basic 'hash username and password and check the hash when they login' scheme. If it works, then it's genius and next month everybody does it. If it doesn't work, then there's still nothing pathetic about believing in yourself and trying to make yourself heard above the din. The worst that could happen is she doesn't get a job - not an unheard of situation to find oneself in. At the very least, the data (encrypted or no, but it should probably be encrypted) on the server related to a session lives outside the webroot, whereas in a cookie, even if it is encrypted, it's still essentially public. If there's no reason to have that data, explicitly, exposed in the client then why put it there? There are some sites for which exposing visitor IPs might present problems. I don't think php.net is one of those sites though. She's a kinetic interface engineer. I used to code in Notepad ages ago when I didn't know any better. It was ok, but for some weird reason now and then when I would save a file all of the linebreaks would disappear. I've never found out if that was an issue with notepad or windows or just some random dumb thing i was doing or what but I can't even touch it now. Notepad++ with its syntax highlighting is awesome. To be fair (and a pedant) that was for the sake of melodrama. The computers exploded in a shower of sparks during battle for the same reason. Rule of cool. I don't see how this proves the premise that 'radical christian' ethics are unique compared to non-christian or, presumably, non-radical christian ethics. In my opinion, this seems to undermine its own validity by invoking the ideals of a pagan philosopher to express the idea. edit: sorry, just realized it might not be your site being linked to so I rephrased my comment. But isn't it no longer Christian if you do? Where is the Biblical principle that "virtue is the mean between two vices?" And if you can adequately frame radical Christian ethics this way, doesn't it suggest that the ethics themselves are not Christian but human, and aside from the particular cultural and mythopoeic trappings of radical christianity, not even really fundamentally different? If so, different from what, and to what value? Let me use as an example the dilemma stated in the article, and the conclusion reached using the "radical Christian" metric: This leads us to our second option: redefining which spectrum of vices and virtues we use. Let’s imagine the classic thought experiment against pacifism: Someone is attacking your grandmother; do you fight the attacker or do nothing? By the standard metric above, only a coward would not fight. The courageous man—the virtuous and ethical man—would clearly fight. But I make decisions based on a different metric. On the one hand, I weigh my responsibility to the victim, and on the other hand I weigh my responsibility to the perpetrator. The virtuous person under this schema is the one who is able to treat both of them with perfect love; the vices are excessively favoring one side at the expense of the other. That is, the virtuous man intervenes but in a nonviolent way to stop the attack. Surely the thesis can't be that only a 'radical Christian' would be able to adopt this point of view? The final paragraph says "radical Christians tend to adopt this perspective" but where is the evidence that non-radical Christians of a pacifist nature tend not to? The provided charts don't really cut it. I'm worried about the other 99x if I decide to crank one out... Construct 2 uses Box2d and Easel.js I believe.. I've seen a number of html5 game tutorials on tutsplus for easel.js but they mostly seem to be "copy what the dev did step by step" as opposed to really explaining things well. Still this might be worth looking at. I'm wondering how long it'll take for someone to print acid on it. It's linked to a pastebin... should be obvious what's likely to be there. fair enough then. Nice, but what is the save button supposed to do, it doesn't seem to be working for me. did I get a downvote for that? why? It would be nice if there were something like a live preview. Also the aspect ratio is sometimes thrown off by resizing the images. Maybe set it up as a canvas editor in front (to allow for things like cropping and resizing the background) and send the data uri to the server? You'd be able to display true cmyk on an e-ink display wouldn't you? Or am I completely off on that? let's burn down the observatory so this never happens again! That is true... but there are designers who don't have better ways to make money out there so I wouldn't necessarily discount these sites completely. He would probably have better luck looking for local designers first, someone with which he can build a rapport. Is it possible to use just the alert features and disable the open/close mechanism? My first impression -- being able to open a deadbolt with a text message seems like a bad idea (sooner or later it has to become hackable) but knowing, remotely, when someone's knocked or used the deadbolt seems really useful. In this particular case, keeping track of the similarity between posts might have helped. There's no legitimate reason to post the exact same content several times that I'm aware of. Post quoting might end up being an issue though. You're right, I did. My mistake then. Still a newb. > I see it as an intermediary step on the path to totally rethinking doors and physical access in general. I don't believe doors and physical access in general need to be rethought, except maybe to improve the security of physical locks themselves. The 'big dumb thing between you and my stuff you'd need a sledgehammer to get past without a key' model has mostly worked for a good long while. (Or, fine, a crooked bit of wire if you're clever.) Why does that need to be disrupted? I suppose you're right to a degree when it comes to supermarket doors and some car locks, the idea that things should be so connected is certainly already present, and there's no reason to expect it not to saturate wherever it can. But there would remain real value to the low tech approach for a number of reasons. Physical locks are less expensive than networked locks would be. Networked locks would be subject to the vulnerabilities that come with being connected to the internet and being run by software, whereas physical locks wouldn't. I think Bruce Schneier said 'complexity is the enemy of security' (if not I'm sure I'll be corrected) and the analog stupidity of physical locks is what makes them useful. Although granted, physical locks can be hacked too, and are, I'd submit that the networked variety would likely be no less vulnerable to physical attack, and still more vulnerable to attacks over the network (so, implicitly, less secure.) A ubiquitous system for locks that somehow can identify you by proximity, can also be used to track your movements and whereabouts. Networked locks could be theoretically controlled from a remote location, leaving someone else to act as, essentially, the systems administrator for your physical access privileges. This is what they do in prisons. Applying the concept of separating someone from direct control over their physical access-space to a large scale, and it looks a bit ominous - at least if this assumes these network locks are also commonplace on cars, houses, hotel rooms, hospital rooms, etc. This is not even considering what happens when power goes out, or the network goes down. Physical locks still work without electrical power, and the tumblers only care about the piece of metal that's currently jammed into the slot and whether it moves the pins properly... principle of least privilege. I can see this sort of thing becoming somewhat more commonplace but I also see its spread as self-limiting. E-books aren't going to replace physical books, the internet isn't going to replace television, which hasn't replaced radio, which hasn't replaced theatre. In each case, the newer version of the technology does provide their own advantages and enhancements of the medium but not to the degree that the older, less complex version no longer has relevance. The future is never going to be that evenly distributed, this I believe. In a hundred years, some people might be genetically engineered posthuman cyborgs linked to a quantum hivemind, but someone, somewhere, will be living in village of mud and stone. People will still use physical locks because there's no real reason for most people not to. They could theoretically still work in a hundred years. Software doesn't age nearly as well as a steel bar through a door jamb. Someone please write a php interpreter in Python and call it "Phyton" just to spite this guy. Please? > Our bodies are designed to be in this reality and this is (presumably) what feels most natural to us. You would have to design humans to accept that reality, perhaps. I've believed all sorts of utterly incorrect things about myself and my reality while i've been dreaming, and not noticed the fluid nature of that experience until i woke up -- but that's because I had another state to wake up to , and some structure or system in my brain that differentiates between dreaming and waking stimuli, and prioritizes the latter over the former. Genetics can be altered, and with them, what the brain expects to be real. so.... it's a forum. Micro in what way? My first impression is I wanted the nine pictures on the front page to click somewhere and they didn't. They look a lot like UI elements, and I assumed they would lead to different pages. My basic, basic setup for building quick and dirty websites (before I started learning about frameworks)was to use Twig for templates and Skeleton for html/css. Having something like that (where your 'pages' would be child templates which extend the 'main' template containing everything around the container) makes style consistency and the workload of changing things much easier. I'd recommend repo.js ( http://darcyclarke.me/dev/repojs/ ) to embed your github account into your site to let people browse your work -- that with a cv page would give people a better organized idea of what you do and more importantly what you're offering. I can't comment on the blog? It doesn't seem like a blog without commenting. Also, having underlining show up on the link css on hover shifts the elements around and that's kind of annoying. You can't force people to like your site, be interested in your content or return. There's no magic bullet (if there were, I'd be able to pay off my student loans.) In your particular case, I would politely suggest that there's nothing particularly unique about tagxt in terms of user-experience, nothing novel in your approach to the format. As such, and as with the many forum/bbs sites already in existence, your primary draw will probably be the community and the kind of threads you have... I'm hanging out on Hacker News because the programming/hacking content interests me, for instance, not because the layout of HN is particularly clever. If this was Sports News, I wouldn't be quite as interested. It's all well and good to sell the sizzle but at some point there also needs to be a steak. tl;dr give them something to care about or wait for the community to build itself. well paying , no. Enough to put gas in the car... sometimes. Wow... an Aquaman movie that I might actually watch... I've done that with my last two phones -- currently i'm using a Samsung Galaxy Mini I bought off Ebay jailbroken for 100.00, with a t-mobile pay-as-you-go sim card in it. I don't miss data at all since I can get wifi plenty of places. Embrace Chandler's Maxim : 90% of everything is crap. Move on and make your own decisions. If there's a karma cost to upvoting shouldn't there be an equal karma cost to downvoting? naive but honest question -- aren't 'null' and 'false' different? Putting your own website up on github? That's an interesting idea. Offhand, though, have you considered using a templating system like Twig? If you ever do want to make a major change to the layout, that would make it a lot cleaner. I've used (even maybe abused ) ini-as-data files in some of my projects so it's cool to see someone else doing that. I did notice there didn't seem to be a link to navigate back to the projects page, you might consider working on the navigation a bit. Looks nice, though. I can't downvote yet so SAGE. This thing will be a hit in hotels and mall parking lots... Well crapbaskets. Authentication and crypto are areas where I know I'm nowhere near good enough to tell if what i'm doing works or not, other than trying to find out what the best practices happen to be and use what seems to have a good reputation. But the only constant in this field seems to be that everything I thought I knew was fatally horribly flawed from the start and that I might as well have just stuck all of my passwords in a plaintext file called "passwords.txt" because the only thing keeping my site from getting rooted was just having a terrible site nobody ever goes to. Still this should be an informative thread. Crushingly depressing and informative. >There shouldn't really be any reason for anyone to starve in such a world. There is, because having food when your neighbor starves gives you power over them. Even in a world where all the work is done by robots, unless all the decisions about what work is done, how much and for whom, are also being made by robots, someone will find a way to oppress someone else with the system. The future is already here — it's just not very evenly distributed. William Gibson, maybe People do post things besides SQL dumps there. It provides a really convenient and valuable service. You should be more concerned that Adobe was so easy to hack. Especially considering the existence of Creative Cloud, and its overlap with the Business Catalyst service. Just like the "report abuse" link actually does something. Why do you assume it doesn't? I realize it's not always that way... but is often enough. This seems like confirmation bias. Pastebin gets I don't know, thousands of pastes a day. How many did you check versus total traffic in a given time? Stop suggesting that it's a den of thieves if, apart from legitimate usage, thieves also find it convenient. Thieves find email convenient as well. Getting rid of pastebin doesn't solve any problems. As for the "creative cloud," it's actually more expensive than buying the software. I know. But my point was that, for creative cloud users access to all of their Adobe software and the admin panels for their BC sites fall under a single Adobe account login. It's a real problem if it turns out Adobe puts little effort into database and password security. I mean I'm an idiot when it comes to this stuff but even I know to use PDO and blowfish. my gmail password is close to 40 characters. It would be impossible to manage without keepass. I just assume that any password you can recall from memory is not secure enough. I wonder when "correct horse battery staple" will start to become the new "passw0rd123"... I don't have much hardware technical background (I'm a web developer / designer), (...) and all the components are already existing (...) I would be interested to know why you feel that, without any actual training in the relevant fields, you can accomplish on the cheap what the actual researchers and engineers with funding and training and high-tech equipment haven't been able to? If you don't understand why others have failed, how can you claim to even understand the problem, much less provide its solution? I would be interested to know what an actual engineer or physicist thinks of the details -- they're useless to me. Good luck. You might have a pretty steep hill to climb with this one. In my experience, users consider ads to be the antithesis of content ... for the most part, they don't want to interact with ads at all, much less choose to interact more . Also you appear to have an issue in your templates where divs and links aren't nesting properly, like instead of That's the reason viral marketing even exists, to present advertising to users in a way that doesn't carry the stigma of being advertising. It looks like you're wanting to do the opposite. If you can figure out a way to accomplish the same trick with banner ads, and get people to treat overt advertising as something fun, and actually generate revenue, the world will beat a path to your door as they say. Unless you're google, I would much prefer to have something I can read the source code of and install myself. I've tried having forms generated by javascript over a honeypot, and hashing the field names to make them impossible to memorize. I don't know yet how effective those would be but i'm sure people are going to complain about the js forms. It's already bitten me because I can't use a password manager to login to my own admin panel. Still though there is something to be said for your forms not having a static fingerprint maybe. Nothing can be done about targeted attacks I think, besides not being worth the effort, or having moderators and constantly adapting. I wonder how much randomness you can introduce into the posting process, though, before it's no longer worth the effort. Add a csrf value to the form action? Rearrange the order of the fields? Add a captcha based on an average of the edit distance of an IP's previous posts, with a random threshold? I wonder whether the problem of captcha farming could be mitigated using branded captchas (which obviously don't belong to a site they might be injected into) and checking referers, and also making them complicated enough that they're not worth whatever the typical per-captcha rate is. Something visual, like a puzzle captcha, instead of filling text out. Then again, that captcha might end up being too complicated for regular users to be willing to fill out as well. This is a complete disruption of the equipercussive human transport space. Within a surveillance society, however, most of the effort involved with the loss of liberty is taken care of by the loss of privacy. Once you can track someone's whereabouts constantly, in realtime, and gain access their communications, know where they've been, where they plan to be, what assets they have, and who their friends are, ending their liberty becomes a minor exercise in telling the black vans where to be and when. You know too much. wonder if a surveillance society could work if everyone was allowed access to the information. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eG0KrT6pBPk tl;dw -- it does. You could make one. That's the easy part, though. Getting people to show up would be the hard part. How is hellbanning supposed to be better than, say, a mod telling someone off or banning them and giving a reason for the ban? Assuming hellbanned users are actual spammers, they're still generating spam. Assuming they're not, legitimate and potentially interesting content is being stifled. Killfiles probably wouldn't solve that specific problem But I think they might be more equitable. Maybe if users could spend karma to upvote them out of a hellban? I have a Samsung Galaxy Mini I bought jailbroken off of Ebay for about 100 dollars. I use a pay-as-you-go card for calls and free wifi for the internet -- except for the part where I don't dare login to anything because anyone could probably root it on a whim, it's pretty awesome. T-mobile. Payments through their website are a bit broken though, currently the only way I can put more minutes on is to use the refill cards, they don't seem to be able to accept my debit card. ...sexy robots. Aren't JSON and Markdown ways of defining content, as opposed to layout? You would still need HTML or some equivalent to turn them into a document, even if they are 'human readable' natively. I would argue that manufacturing is real work. No matter how brilliant your advertising strategy is, or how well you sell the sizzle, someone has to make the steak. But... after the advertising does its work and brings people in, the customer's experience with the product supplants their experience with the advertising. Try to keep people coming back after you've fired your chefs and decided to only employ part-time cooks, because you believe any idiot can cook a steak. I think the attitude that labor is qualitatively unskillful or that even unskilled labor isn't critical to the value of a company (where that labor produces the product the company sells) is misguided. Quality often matters in surprising areas throughout the process, as does experience. If people come in expecting a great steak and they get something the busboy tossed into a microwave, they're just going to feel lied to. And rightly so. Sorry, I was replying to dfxm and to you collectively and now I see I probably should have split it up into separate comments or something. I don't think the steak's extrinsic value (which definitely exists, and is generated by advertising and the 'decision makers') is greater than its intrinsic value, which I do believe is real and comes from labor... but quibbling over that might be splitting hairs. I just started using Git and Github myself... and for me, github itself is useful as an online backup for a repository (git itself being incredibly useful in terms of organizing projects) and just having a github profile looks better on your resume, etc than not having one. At the very least, your code is right there to be looked at. You can always start a number of personal projects or dust off some old ones and put them up on github. That's basically what I did... take code I can't really sell and use it to sell myself. Such as it is. A lot of searches for php and jquery -- and lately the hack attempts that show up in my server logs, just to see what vulnerabilities they're trying to exploit. Yeah, that's the problem with automation isn't it? The point is not to free the mind of the common salaryman from the burden of manual labor but just to free the company of the burden of employees, much less of paying them more to do something else. And when there are no more bottom tier positions left which haven't been filled by a machine or outsourced for a tenth of your salary (to someone who's going to be replaced by a machine themselves in a few years)... too bad for you I guess. Just remember when it comes to your code, there are no exceptions, only 'happy accidents.' I usually just open a text editor and dump my thoughts into it. If you can integrate, maybe, a canvas image editor and a text editor then you'd have something at least a bit more useful than Notepad++ for me in that regard. Being able to easily export and import will be nice too. Javascript objects can be overwritten though, can't they? A malicious user if they succeed in getting their code into the same context just has to make sure it runs after window.sandbox is initialized, and replace that with, say, null, and then do whatever they want. I keep getting 'geolocation is not supported by this browser' js prompts every time the page loads, which is _extremely_ annoying. It's popping up on all of the pages. I'm using firefox 16.0.2 http://i.imgur.com/xODBn.jpg Oops, it looks like I turned it off in firefox at some point and probably forgot the geolocation option even existed after that, so I guess that clears that up. The prompt is really too obstructive though. Twig has the spaceless tag to remove whitespace from its templates, using that and its caching option might be basically what you're describing. I was just thinking a hackernews userscript that tossed these up somewhere in the layout might be good, given the audience. The core of it's just picking a random quote from an array so it should be simple. You could select lines or quotes from users and add them to the queue with LocalStorage or something. I am now apparently working on this... Since it looks like this is going to take a while (long long long after anyone will care), here's where I am now: https://gist.github.com/4220255 All it does is take a random quote from the array and stick it in an extra table row, and there's a link that alerts text selected by the mouse (which is currently pointless) and I need to do all the localstorage stuff but yeah. They're lyrics from an Alanis Morisette song, "Ironic." I've thought about designing a community with script hacking in mind (a simple initial layout with an api) and then letting users be able to script it themselves through their accounts. If it could even be done safely and sanely, everyone could have the features they wanted by writing their own. In lieu of that of course there's always greasemonkey. This is too cool... there's just no way i'm not learning Python next year... Require karma to post, upvote and downvote. Then sell karma. Given the option to legally cut their lower-tier employees' wages to zero tomorrow, I wonder how many companies would do so, and still expect those people to show up for work? When horses' labor became uneconomic, we just turned them to glue. What do we do with people? Force companies to pay a living wage. Companies shouldn't be able to set wages at an arbitrary low. Because then companies could simply set them as low as possible, without any regard to the standard of living for the employees making those wages. That's a real choice, and it's not easily legislated into oblivion. I understand that, and I don't mean to demonize business by any means. A minimum wage might well stifle competition somewhat, but I think the lack of one would do more harm than good. Given the choice between harm to business and harm to people, I'll choose to harm business. That is a fair point. But what's the benefit in lower wages across the board, to the workers making them and to the economy? Perhaps the answer (at least in the US) would be to reduce the cost of reeducation to facilitate transition, and socialize healthcare? Lower wages might not be so bad where healthcare and education don't represent potential lifetime burdens for people. But then the tax burden for that would fall disproportionately on the poor wouldn't it? And also, there might just not be jobs at all to replace the ones lost. I don't know. If you're meaning to reply to me, then no. I don't even see how you can draw that inference. I'm only suggesting that a minimum wage is necessary, because there is a cost of living in a modern society. Money pays for shelter. Money pays for healthcare. Money pays for education and food. And unless you're in a socialist system, that money comes from wages. So a standard should be met. Especially in cases where a corporation would otherwise consider someone's labor to be essentially worthless. And yes, perhaps if that standard itself were fair (assuming it's currently unfair), then in some places and in some jobs it might be less than whatever the current minimum wage is, where the minimum wage exists. Elsewhere it might be higher. I don't know, and I'll readily admit I might be bringing a checkers set to a chess match when discussing economics on this forum but I honestly believe it should be something . I will admit I can't argue against that. I understand your point, and I admit it's complex. But what happens when the government says I can pay whatever I want and I tell those people they're now making $2 an hour because nobody's buying the six dollar popcorn anymore? A minimum wage may have its downside but at least with it, people have an expectation of how little they can expect to make and plan accordingly. It provides a measure of stability at least. Would those companies necessarily choose not to outsource or automate those jobs if they had the option to do so, without a minimum wage requirement? If the standard of living is low enough that, taking the same wages as an outsourced worker, someone doing that job could still survive, you might have an argument against the minimum wage standard there. Otherwise, if only option to retain local employment is to pay what those outsourced workers are making, or less, in a market where more than that means living hand to mouth, then it's a distinction without a difference to me. I appreciate the lesson in this post. I suffer from the same kind of 'guilt' myself, most of my freelance income right now comes from tweaking wordpress or javascript for Business Catalyst sites. It's easy to underestimate the value ones' own expertise in an area where that expertise, in the field at large, may not be very sexy or when you're dealing with non-technical clients who balk at paying more per hour than they would someone to cut their lawn, but just want their website to work . And yet I've been told by other more seasoned pros that I should be charging three times what I am. It's kind of ridiculous how people can shortchange themselves. I was actually wondering not long ago if there might be some kind of cross-site scripting vulnerability implicit in rendering exceptions as html. Sure, you shouldn't have error reporting on to begin with but who even checks the source code of the exception pages themselves? You're paying close attention to the error itself after all... Turns out yes maybe... https://nealpoole.com/blog/2011/08/cross-site-scripting-via-... No external css, no javascript that I can see, and probably no database backend or dynamic templates. Just plain old school html files. A visual abomination but also, yeah, lightning fast and robust. Unintentionally a good argument for the KISS principle. And if it's been making money for its owners with this code for this long, how hard can we really laugh at it? It seems to be working for them. Shame about the yellow though. Not as weird as me because I've been calling it "Mysquirrel." I do. I use it to try to increase my visibility to potential employers in my area (none of whom are hiring at the moment, of course) and to fill the otherwise gaping void in my employment history with references to occasional freelance jobs. With that, and a network of actual working professionals willing to vouch for me, I'm hoping that when the opportunity for real work arrives, employers might actually take that crucial second glance at me. >The other side of the "increased difficulty" coin is that newbies won't automatically flock to PHP. It's worth the price if we never have to see another linear SQL query again. I've seen innumerable times where people will build queries line by line with if statements, and then add the query variable into SQL or something. I'm not even aware of an easy way to refactor that without manually rewriting every single statement and every method or function they appear in. It's insane. and yes I used to be one of these people... PHP: Your language is trying too hard. The password which can be expressed is not the true password. I've worked professionally with Photoshop and After Effects and access to Adobe software is the only reason I still have a Windows computer. I don't even want to try getting it to work in Wine, and dual-booting just to be able to use them seems like a waste of time. And until professionals use it in large numbers and are comfortable around it and potential employers want to see it on a resume, other solutions aren't going to matter. Let me steal packets of coffee from the breakroom and I will follow you to the gates of Hell and back. I suppose it can matter if that vendor's product is what they use in house and if whatever the other thing is that you know, isn't. They may be worried about the amount of effort they'd need to put into training you to do things their way. If you're vulnerable to a sql injection or something similar, though, then you've potentially made all of that data web accessible. that's probably true. Python. trolls (in particular) can only be stopped if they are genuinely ignored. What if users had a killfile for their account? Seems more meritocratic than hellbanning at least, if I can just choose who I want to ignore or not, and if you can tolerate someone, then they're alive for you. I taught myself while trying to build my own website. Just plain old notepad and long hours of suffering, or in geocities or tripod. When Tripod started offering perl I even taught myself enough to build the worst forum ever. SCIENCE! Laravel is my first experience with php frameworks. I have yet to actually finish a project in it which is disappointing (for something whose entire purpose is to make finishing projects faster) but I really like it. It's been a huge educational experience for me. Oh, no... I didn't mean to imply I was blaming the tools, it's entirely my fault. I need to stop starting new projects and dumping what I have with every crazy shiny new thing I find to start over and focus ... it is something I'm working on. Business Catalyst offers a SOAP api. Whether or not that counts as a 'major consumer service' I don't know, but by extension any site built on the platform uses it as well. Some users would fill them in believing their comments to be civil, well thought out and sincere, regardless of their actual content. Trolls would be perfectly happy to fill them out and then troll anyway. Then a few will just have a script bind to the select button that auto-ticks the checkboxes before submitting. I don't think this is a problem that can be engineered away so easily. I don't mind signing up beforehand as long as the service comes with the option to delete my account and data at will, assuming it doesn't delete itself if I decide not to sign up. And I don't mean "disable your account until you come to your senses" but "it's like you were never there." They want you to be perfectly honest, forthright, and to candidly tell them exactly what they want to hear. If you can update it, trivially, presumably without using the heuristics themselves, someone can update it for you. Now you have a new problem (securing the method for updating the heuristics.) Although a counterpoint to this would be using more unique points of reference like the iris, fingerprints, etc, things not likely to change. >You could make the back room potentially a lot smaller if it was all in a machine. You might not want to, though. You might want to keep the redundant infrastructure around in case the automation breaks down and you need somebody to flip burgers in the interim, after all, the jobs you're replacing aren't terribly skilled. As soon as I put some of my code up on Github I started to worry that someone might actually find it. It can be a bit intimidating. I can only imagine what'll happen once I learn to contribute to something. I made a watermarking plugin for jQuery/canvas mostly because someone asked if it was possible to do entirely in javascript (for a Business Catalyst client, so no backend was available) and after I explained why it was a terrible idea I went ahead and tried it anyway. Most of my projects are like that... experiments and self-education which are probably useful just to myself. https://github.com/kennethrapp/cmark But what if it spins around like a propeller? I mean come on. I did that. But it got stolen. I'm never getting into Zion now. Still better than Romney. I was all hyped up until I remembered I was 35, went to a technical school no one cares about and code in languages everyone loves to hate. Something tells me I wouldn't make it past the lobby. HA. Or one with the php hammer on it. I've used Construct 2, it's definitely good stuff. Heck, the second Google hit for "php mvc framework" for me was a 2009 guide to writing your own (talk about not getting the point of a framework). There were two more pages in the top ten for PHP MVC framework comparisons. Ha ha ha... yeah... writing your own php framework... who would do such a thing... I understand why it's supposed to be a bad thing but I also think it helps to understand the principles involved in frameworks and the mvc pattern, and one way to do that is try to make your own. Then when you pick a real framework it won't seem like magic. I think it makes sense to learn PHP. The only money i'm making right now is javascript (working on Business Catalyst sites) and Wordpress (custom themes and plugins.) Many decent self-described programmers would consider it shitwork, and they'd probably be right... But there's a lot more PHP work out there right now than there is Python or Rails. (not that I know either... yet...) As much as I want to defend PHP a bit as a PHP coder who at least _tries_ and is kind of sick of the pile-on (while understanding the rationale), I'm reminded of the thousand odd reasons that PHP sometimes makes me just want to cry into my coffee. I think it's both bad code and PHP.. specifically bad code written on old versions of php on crap shared hosts where that's the only server-side language available. It should be harder to write insecure code with PHP but it isn't. A language whose entire purpose is to process requests and return content should have security baked into its core. I shouldn't have to wake up one day and find out that "oh, anyone who adds an ?-s flag to their queries can maybe read your source code or whatnot." Now granted, it wasn't that common, but it should never have existed. PHP may not be the great evil some claim it is but there are parts of it that jump out of the dark and bite you, no doubt. I've never even been able to get this site or Coursera to work with Firefox. It's extremely aggravating. I knew that source code looked familiar. Did you literally just swipe Facebook's html, and stick a new logo on it and replace some text? Most of your links just 404 -- that's what you did, isn't it? It's not even that funny! Mostly as an educational exercise (perhaps in futility) I decided to try writing my own small php framework specifically to build and serve static files, load external libraries only when necessary and automatically send caching headers. The point being, for instance, not to even load Dwoo except if compiling the static pages (as opposed to fetching data from a view, building them and serving them with each request.) Now i'm wondering if i'm not both overoptimizing and missing the point entirely. And yes I do realize 'custom php framework' is missing the point of frameworks and that php is an abomination. Getting Laravel to do what I wanted (awesome as it is, and it is) started to seem like trying to tweak a cannon into a flyswatter. It's still fun, but I dread it ever getting posted here. Assuming it gets finished. I'd also like to suggest, as a matter of politeness, don't just hotlink to images on other people's sites either. Then you're just screwing someone else over. I'm still getting requests for an image I posted to an old wordpress blog years ago because random j. user liked it and reposted it to a forum. It's a popular forum, judging from my logs. With respect, unless the first sentence of the first chapter of this book is "hire an actual developer to install a tested framework" then it runs the risk of doing more harm (both to the marketer/wannabe dev and PHP's reputation) than good. That said, good luck... I might pick it up as a reference myself. even if it's just enough knowledge to know whether the dev they hire is snowing them over! I'll give you that. As long as it doesn't convince them they never need to hire developers. Does it happen to involve an island shaped like a skull or a really really really large orbital mirror? If so, are you hiring? "Because Rasmus Lerdorf doesn't sit with the popular kids" is not a valid reason to dislike PHP. Bonus points - you can use it with Twig too. Religion will survive. It survived learning the sun didn't revolve around the Earth. It survived learning disease wasn't caused by demons and that Zeus wasn't hurling lightning from Olympus. It survived evolution and the Big Bang. People will say the mysteries of God* were just greater than they realized, and their mythologies will start to seem a bit more like Star Wars. * or what have you Well, assuming the Singularity itself is not a doctrine of religious faith, sometimes it sounds like one. Of course they do, why wouldn't they? I would worry that a fair market value for healthcare would still be more than most people could afford. The question is, would it be less out of pocket or more than with insurance, which is probably a vague question and one I have no ability to attempt answering. Anecdotally, though, I've found that while the squeeze of my employer's health plan was difficult, having to pay the entire cost of my appendectomy would've been nigh impossible. I can only imagine how much my mother with COPD would have to pay out of pocket. I've gotten as far as creating repos, branching, merging and pushing them to github. Oh, and not publishing my livejournal passwords in my repo. Anymore. But yeah, not the most beginner-friendly thing in the world, and most of what's on github i'll probably never even touch. I forked a repository but i still don't know how to submit a pull request. I don't even know how to delete it. Feh. Thanks, I just might. Shut up and take my money! I think there's this conceit floating around, perhaps, that the web is supposed to be some kind of overunity money engine for which the laws of supply and demand need not apply. Photoshop, SaaS sites like Wix and Business Catalyst, and freelance sites like elance, play a bit part in fostering the idea that what we do (at any level) isn't necessarily work, and seem to cater at various degrees to the desire to outsource or eliminate developers altogether while still gaining all the fruits of the development. After all, freelance sites like elance exist based on the premise that developers will claw over one another to underbid for a project, and they will. Just try to win a contract there charging more than twenty dollars an hour. It's absurd what rates people (on both sides of the table) will accept just to get any business done at all. It's terrible, and unjust, but on the other hand enough of us are willing to participate in a system stacked against our own interests that we prove its efficacy to business owners, because we need the work. It's very difficult to get work there, but it is possible, and easier if you don't fall into the trap of trying to game the system (treating proposals like actual proposals will help you stand out more.) Don't bother with their BS about "verifying your identity" either. But yeah, if you can get real work then run far far away. It is the proverbial shallow money trench where good developers die like dogs (only without money or that many good developers) There needs to be a site like yours for those of us who aren't necessarily top-tier developers but who still don't want to get treated like dung-rollers, though. I did sign up a while ago but I wasn't able to get the phone interview managed (which doesn't speak well for professional presentation I suppose.) I'll probably try again once I get a current job behind me. I made a broccoli.js once when I thought I needed a rudimentary canvas image editor, it never really went anywhere but over my head: https://github.com/kennethrapp/broccoli-js but it's honestly terrible and even mentioning it in this thread is a terrible thing to do. I'm going to go think about what i've done now, over in the corner, there. As a proof of concept yes (scaling, rotation, moving the background work) but it doesn't do much yet. I wanted to make something like Irfanview that could handle basic transforms with a minimalist ui, but it still needs a ton of work. Drawing is more or less broken - I got as far as adding pixels to the canvas before other (paying) projects just got in the way. When I figure out how to get it to work on a github page I'll have a demo up. this works too: http://htmlpreview.github.com/?https://github.com/kennethrap... Yeah, uniqid is just an altered timestamp as I understand it. But it's not meant to be in any way cryptographically secure or random, though I'm sure someone somewhere uses it for tokens, passwords, whatnot. > It has a time and a place, but you wouldn’t use Times New Roman on your startup’s website, would you? Only because I have a thing about using serif fonts in html, otherwise it might well be one of my fallbacks. And besides, arguing that people should put more effort into restyling Bootstrap is different than arguing they should abandon it altogether. In terms of providing a framework for layouts, I think it does its job quite well, and that users will probably intuitively understand a Bootstrap site because they've encountered them a hundred times before. This in turn gives your site an implied sense of stability and trustworthiness since it "looks like twitter/etc etc." listen: there's a hell of a good universe next door; let's go. Followed by more php. I wish I were unfamiliar with it.... I think it is bad practice at least then, if not explicitly bad code, because it's needlessly overcomplicated. Why use the end tag when you're not switching contexts between php and html? After this line there's just another open tag and more code... it's a pointless way of writing php that makes it aggravating to read and edit. I've seen this done with SQL queries all the time but... ouch. You can find good php programmers (if you accept the premise that good php programmers can exist... some won't.) I don't think that's necessarily a limiting factor if you're willing to fish for them. You've probably already considered this but it might help filtering to require experience with a proper framework like symfony or laravel, which will have handled most of the "good programming" work for you. Landing on the moon was only quite possibly the pinnacle moment in human technological and scientific achievement, and one of the watershed moments of civilization. Google took something that already existed and made it less of a hassle. Its an achievement not even in the same league. The civil rights movement was important, but there were places in the world at the time where black people could walk into the same restaurant as whites. The end of colonialism was important, if you were Indian. The Vietnam war was important, but then again, World War 2 was important, and so was World War 1, and so was Hannibal crossing the Alps. With the moon landing, for the first time human beings were able to view our world objectively, in the third person, by having stood on another one. Seeing the moon landings on television changed people's lives. Seeing photos of the earthrise changed people's lives. It was a global event, it was universal. Yes, it was wrapped up in Cold War politics and no it didn't end any wars but ... we stood on another world for the first time. If that's not a watershed moment in civilization then what was? > You're speaking a lot of romance. Epic events tend to lend themselves to romantic speech. I would stand on a soapbox but then my keyboard would be awkward to reach, and they don't make soapboxes anymore, except out of cardboard. > and shortly after, we packed up and went home, never to return. True. That doesn't at all negate the impact of the initial event though. Just means one we got to the moon we discovered it was dirt, dirt and more dirt. > Sure, it was a milestone in human history, but it's not like it really changed the way our societies work. I'm not arguing that it necessarily changed the way our societies work, just the terms by which humanity could view its own potential. Before, we weren't a species capable of landing someone on the moon. Afterwards, we were. I'd have no problem putting the advent of the World Wide Web up in the same category as the moon landing, or even ahead of it using your terms, but that still doesn't put Google in the same class as either, in terms of technology or revolutionary achievement. Yet. Glass may, indeed end up pushing the envelope of human interaction somewhere incredible and transformational. Or maybe it's just a gimmicky new UI. I don't know. But I guarantee fifty years from now nobody's going to be telling their grandchildren where they were when Google came out with anything unless at some point Google becomes responsible for strong AI or maybe a working teleporter. > Seeing the moon landings on television changed people's lives": How? They saw people landing on the moon on television. Live(ish). > Edit: I also find it weird that you're characterising the social effects and fallout of WW2 as being less powerful in terms of civilisation change than a photo from the moon. Really, this is just geek romance talking. I'm not. I'm suggesting that there weren't other, prior examples of being able to see the Earth from standing on another planet. It was a unique event, and its impact (however you choose to measure it) was likewise unique. Wars are not unique events, and my other point was their impact is bound by politics and geography, whereas the moon landing and the picture of earthrise wasn't. And yes perhaps it is a bit of geek romance talking. It's also a bit of geek romance to suggest that Google is more important in social and technological terms than the moon landing. My geek romanticism just happens to look a bit further back. Once humans can do it, it's probably no longer cool. When we uplift them, we'll have to remember to give them shoulders. And eyebrows. Good comedy depends on eyebrows. No, you're right. Seeing humans walk on the moon changed people's lives in the same way seeing 9/11 on tv changed people's lives, or seeing JFK get shot on tv changed people's lives. In that it was a monumental, historic and transfixing event. Not at all like the first time you opened maps and saw street view. I concede the point. But they won't be so smug when the rest of the hive is completed.... I would prefer INI over JSON as well except that JSON lets me nest arrays and INI doesn't. So this looks really nice. On the other hand I'd like to mix my data types as much as I darn well please. But the thing is you have an entirely different mindset when you are responding to 'shadowfaxx12' rather than 'Martin Carpenter' I don't think this is necessarily true. People may be quite willing to be uncivil to "Martin Carpenter" as well... after all that's one of the points of 'doxxing' someone on a forum, to humiliate them with their real identity, and troll their real-life friends and family. Plus, how are you going to tell whether "KRapp" is my real name, a derivation of my real name or my account name is just a pseudonym that corresponds with a real name? You could guess it from my email or my facebook account. In my case (and probably most cases) it's quite easy, but if you're serious about using real names, I think you're still adding some minimal effort on your part to have to validate them. Maybe my real email is "somethingotherthanmyname@gmail" and my real name just happens to be "Jango Fett." How 'real' does a name have to appear? Google's already running into problems trying to enforce this, and they already have all the data, because 'real names' don't necessarily map as logically as people assume. I think not having them auto-slide by default would serve the presentation better. You should have googled 'how to validate required fields before passing them to SQL because someone will click the button without having added an email...' for certain values of "business" sure... I don't understand. I don't understand how giving a company access to all of your mail, permission to open and scan it, and to create their own database with it as they see fit, is somehow an optimization against a walk to the mailbox and then tossing the extra envelopes into the bin. As if they're not going to send their own advertising to you anyway (they will eventually, now that they can sort through your mail to know just how to target you), or just sell your data (which of course they can because they now have complete access to it, to say nothing of the ability to decide what you get to see and what you don't.) There are locks on mailboxes and laws against reading other people's mail for a good reason. : gets me date_diff ; gets me ssh2_auth_none " gets me date_offset_get %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% continues to validate for '@keyframes' whereas also I would have expected results from $_ but no joy? It's odd, nice but odd. Unfortunately I get better results as it is just from google. There is a Twig port in js: https://github.com/justjohn/twig.js/wiki that i've had some luck experimenting with. It doesn't support macros yet but given that it's in javascript I don't see why it should. Also (and I hope I don't get downvoted because this is ugly) I have made basic templates work using ajax and this sprintf for js ( http://www.diveintojavascript.com/projects/javascript-sprint... ) but that may be far more basic than your environment would accept. Composer? ( http://getcomposer.org ) we are still dying of hearth diease and diabetes. We're dying of everything it's possible to die from. Nevertheless far fewer people are dying of heart disease and diabetes than ever. Doctors know how important exercise is but keep turning out study after study on the subject instead of figuring out how to get the same effects in a pill. Human biology is not subject to Moore's Law. There will never be a pill which encapsulates the effect of getting some exercise. They don't even want to cure cancer, prefering ever more expensive treatments. Or maybe cancer is complex and those ever more expensive treatments are as close to a cure as we can come right now, providing the very idea of 'a cure for cancer' isn't a misunderstanding of the nature of the problem. Perhaps all the "low hanging fruit" had been picked and future progress will be much harder. I think that might have something to do with it. Maybe there's only so far you can go in reducing the cost or complexity of some of the problems medicine has to solve now, or maybe the money in research goes first to the treatments which turn the biggest profit for hospitals? Also I wonder whether the progress in the tech sector isn't just more visible than progress in medicine. It's a lot easier to see the way the iPod has iterated over a decade than, say, to see the way genetic screening has. Though of course medicine and tech are inextricably linked, maybe it would be better to say 'medical tech' versus 'consumer tech.' And of course there's the issues of religion and politics. If we could say, clone ready-made human organs for transplant, just handwaving away the 'growing them' part, how long would the technology be held back by public and political squeamishness about the process itself? If it requires something akin to industrial, mass-production of living human tissues and stem cells? Even if it saved a million lives tomorrow, it might take decades to pass into a level of public tolerance that makes it politically acceptable to fund the research. Fair enough. I tried to trigger a 404 on your site hoping I could see one in action (and maybe see an example of the scripting) but you don't appear to be using it yourself? You probably should offer a bit more information. After all, you're targeting this at technical users, the barrier for entry doesn't have to be that low. Particularly since the service you're offering is "trust me to redirect your users with javascript whenever your site messes up." Why the dependency on jQuery, if all you're doing is loading html? That's not hard to do with native js at all. It looks nice, and it works, don't get me wrong. I like jQuery. Just seems unnecessary here. I've considered rewriting user links to scramble the text and point them inward at a link proxy (which then routes out through an anonymizing service like anonym.to). Anything to destroy their value. Haven't actually put it to practice yet though and I wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't a good idea. Unfortunately it seems that if spammers catch just a whiff of SEO from you, they'll never stop, like cockroaches. [edit] I also haven't tried putting it into practice because I can imagine how utterly annoying it would be. I can't stand those "you are now leaving [site x]" pages myself. Yeah, I like that. Appears to mean to make the text blink. With a text-decoration:blink attribute in the css. Which is weird because AFAIK the tag is still a thing in modern browsers... I didn't even know you could do it with css. I still enjoy reading on my Palm Z22. I'm probably an outlier though. What you're describing also sounds like an effective psychological weapon. It depends on the application but I can imagine (not condone, but imagine) this being mandatory for, say, felony offenders in a prison setting. You've got nothing to do but sit in a cell awash in a cold tide of human suffering. Especially if this technology becomes advanced to the point that you don't need the network directly, and you can just in essence record someone's emotional state then broadcast it. Instant purgatory. Then again, if you can feel someone else's pain, presumably you can feel their pleasure too... I got most of mine through Project Gutenberg. If this becomes ubiquitous, then two of the most fundamental states of human nature (we are each alone within ourselves and our minds are obliterated in death) might be shifted. That would certainly mean redefining what 'human' means. Although this would also mean the transhumanists were right all along which just annoys me. PHP is not Java. PHP is not Ruby. PHP is not Python. PHP is definitely not Perl. Developers need to stop trying to force it to look and act like the languages they would rather be using. It doesn't have to be as ugly as Flow appears to be, at all, and in some PHP frameworks, it isn't. Because as has been mentioned already, comparing a framework with a framework is only valid when you pick the best framework, and as the Rubyists are fond of pointing out that Ruby Is Not Rails, well, PHP Is Not Flow. Nor is it Symfony or Yii or Laravel or Zend or the framework I'm building in my spare time which is still not quite as ugly as Flow. This article's argument is as arbitrary as it its conclusion is irrelevant. The reasons PHP is not, and will not soon be, dead have to do with its ubiquity and utility in its one and only purpose -- preprocessing html. It does this perfectly adequately for many many use cases, provided you approach it like a donkey and not a horse. It is the animal that it is. Otherwise, you wind up with a swift kick in the shins. It's ugly, and ornery, and it stinks but it does its job and it's cheap and simple and it's not going away anytime soon. How much do you evaluate the code itself? In other words, if I were to interview and my Github profile was mostly personal projects of various levels of quality, would that necessarily work against me? Why would you just dump a ton of html into a json string like that? That's weird.... I really, really, really wish the themes were simpler. And that it used templating instead of having the php and html all mixed together. Which is perfectly valid usage for php but still frustrating when you just want to deal with changing the html around. And our fascination with eugenics, apparently. Compiler? I don't even know her! There is, apparently a twig plugin. I couldn't actually get it to work though. I have too many side projects, i'm a terminal project starter. My real "project" is learning to just pick one and follow through. Sure, but still calling it "Zkombinator" is a bit on the nose. I hope not. I'm 35 and just started myself... first semester CS course. I'm surprised given the background that they didn't go with papyrus. http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Vatican_latin_atm.jpg Their atms apparently use the same or a similar font. And have latin as a language option. So yeah, a self-conscious attempt at maintaining brand identity through pre-industrial skeuomorphic design or the priest in charge of the committee that decides what fonts to use is a 90 year old man who just thinks it looks nice? Use a modern browser. Why the limitation of 4 characters? And also why do I need an account to post a snippet? Also the wood background makes the text really hard to read. I drink it before it cools. If for no other reason than ':' is easier to type than '=>'? You can already use the js-style shorthand inside of Twig templates, and I've been caught absentmindedly forgetting to switch to the 'proper' way for raw php now and then. And I would like to never need to even touch the shift key when having to write out an array or an object but even JSON won't let you do that. It's a step in the right direction, though. The problem with javascript encryption is the environment in which it runs being impossible to control... and also some features of the language. There's no strong random number generator, for instance. http://www.matasano.com/articles/javascript-cryptography/ Not true. Some of us are still on shared servers or have limited bandwidth, or just care on principle. When the leechers are popular forums it can be a definite tax. Making a local thumbnail isn't that difficult, likely in whatever language you happen to use. It doesn't really tell you anything secret. For it to even be nominally effective, the state of play would need to be non-scriptable - but the piece types, positions, number of necessary moves are all available in the DOM (and some in handy data statements no less). And it appears to post by ajax to a url which returns a boolean for success or failure. And it lets you retry. So yeah, other than being pretentious about chess it would appear to be more or less pointless at actually detecting whether someone is a human or a bot. Unlikely but not impossible. I've seen forums get flooded for no other apparent rationale than some random skiddie had nothing better to do for an hour or two than irritate the admins. It being not worth anyone's time to break isn't actually a feature, but it being relatively easy for anyone with time to waste on it is a flaw. The design itself could be improved though to make it stronger against scripting, though. For instance, there's no reason the values for the pieces and the boards necessarily need to be human-readable and to follow the notation of chess in the code itself, those variables could be randomly generated per load, perhaps with a salted hash. That could also serve as csrf protection maybe. I can see it by turning off my referer in Firefox. If it works, it works. All that software already exists and is running though, and I suppose it depends on what you mean by 'shut down.' These industries might no longer be able to update, but I think it's possible to run just about any industry without IT, or on legacy code, just on a smaller, slower scale. You could predict some level of catastrophe for the disappearance of any large sector that affects commerce -- from truck drivers to sewer workers to even maybe interns. I think this implies the tenuous nature of our economy more than the relative importance of programmers. As someone who's experienced both depression and obsessive navel-gazing at 35 I can attest to its counterproductive nature. >Project Will Given to who post complete structure details + resume I don't know what 'complete structure details' even means but I assume it means something they could toss to another developer for the excuse of paying them less and the schmucks who apply nothing at all. I've already made the mistake of completing a "test" of putting together a couple of email templates for a job that then magically never materialized after I was "awarded" it. I will point you to my github and linkedin profile, but you're not getting free work. What does it mean to die if I upload your brain and make another process of yourself? Is death related to the body or losing consciousness? Assuming that something we will retroactively refer to as singlulary ever occurs, and that we are close to singluarity, and that it ever takes a form which leads to some kind of ubiquitous 'upload' of a brain model that somehow acts and reacts as a brain in a skull in meatspace would (and all of these qualifiers are debatable,) you still die. In the future the notion of what it means to be alive, and human, and dead, may be reinterpreted so that these models are considered to be, essentially, the same being as their original. But this redefinition would be semantics. Nothing frees you from the absolute and irrevocable nature of your death, in this or any other universe, ever. The post-singularity upload is still a copy, however good, and at this point the analogy of copying minds as software breaks down, because the mind isn't separate from the brain, and whether or not there's an entity on the wires which believes itself to be you, you are still no less dead. If you're talking about some kind of Ship of Theseus scenario where the brain is gradually replaced bit by bit with something more permanent then... I don't know. I wouldn't argue that someone with an artificial arm is less than a full human so logically someone with an artificial brain should be just as human. But then, the function of the arm is not to house the entirely of human consciousness, where that of the brain is. The arm isn't you, but the brain is you. To me, if you replace that, you might replicate the function but (as with the arm) it's still one thing replacing the other (and implying the first thing, being an arm, or a life, is no longer there.) I thought it was pretty interesting while it stuck to the "ask me anything" gimmick. I liked that idea, and I liked that you could get anonymous questions. But then I started seeing social details getting added that made me suspect they wanted more to be like Facebook than to be, you know, the unique presence they actually were. Not that I could blame them, but if I wanted facebook, you know, I'd go to facebook. So Formspring basically turned into an awkward imageboard/microblogging app. And then one day it was impossible for me to even log in. Except through the facebook app, from which I disabled my account (because AFAIK they're one of those sites which believes it should be impossible to actually delete your account) and never looked back. I assume they're theoretically counting node.js backend stuff. At least I hope so. I completely agree. I'm still working on my own but already i've learned a lot (among which, it's a bit more difficult than I expected.) Tripod is still around, but I haven't actually tried to use it in ages. Shame about geocities though. I kind of feel like i'm in the same boat you are and I have the same fears. That the trajectory of my life has already reached its inevitable apex and can't fail to land somewhere, predictably, in failure and regret. But in my opinion (which won't even buy you a cup of coffee) you can't waste time on fear. Even if it is true, and rational. All you can do is live in the world until they shovel the dirt onto you. You and I are never gonna be 20 again. I'm sure that sounds trite but I don't mean it to be. We only get to be the old guys, or the older guys, or the even older still guys, but we're not dead yet at least, so good luck. It doesn't matter though. This isn't just a 'stupid mistake' made by a dev rushed for time, this is literally 'not a captcha.' It's not. Not even a poorly designed and incompetently executed captcha... it just isn't even one at all. It doesn't take long to find out that best practices exist for captchas, what they are, what the typical vulnerabilities are, and then pick one from the top shelf of existing solutions once you realize captchas are hard to do properly and you're probably not being paid what it's worth to roll your own. Yeah the regular grid and text would probably make ocr even easier if it were necessary. It wouldn't surprise me if they just used uppercase letters, too. Maybe they assumed that bots would interpret the page the way a human being would, when they're not looking at the source code? Though my money's on someone just not caring. But surely a working captcha would increase conversion as well and have the added benefit of being a captcha? The notice of our species' Sapience Rating revocation has been on display at our local planning department on Alpha Centauri for 50 years now.... That may have to do with it having been hacked before: http://arstechnica.com/security/2012/05/google-recaptcha-bro... >Or worse, perhaps they did get this from a shelf of existing solutions. I'd like to believe that was impossible but of course given how irrational it would be to go through the trouble of making this, it's probably likely. Though I don't know why you'd necessarily skip over recaptcha and securimage and how far down the list you'd have to go to get to this sort of thing... but ZeljkoS has a couple more examples like it on his site. So apparently it's a captcha anti-pattern. No more hanging our heads in shame! No more coding in a dark room with the windows blacked out and door closed, and erasing all traces of php.net from our browsing histroy, lest our SO find out! No more random kicks in the shins by Rubyists at conferences! The time has come when we can raise our heads high and take our rightful place at the forefront of applied information science! Once again for the first time it's hip to be a PHP coder! Victory is ours! Perhaps, but then our 6x or whatever factor would still mean essentially same thing. It's only a matter of time now before robot nudity is a registerable sex offense... Or a selling point.... That would make me automatically twice as good as I am now! Now I just need to find a surgeon with questionable morals... Icons representing 'obsolete' technology work as ideograms because the form factor of that old technology was unique enough to express a concept in a few pixels, whereas everything now is just some form of a nondescript box which chances are does multiple things. I ran into this problem a couple of years ago when I had to design a television graphic for my company... you know how difficult it is to convey "television" without rabbit ears? I wanted to add them just because that said "this is a tv." Icons don't have to keep up with the actual technology whose function they represent... they just have to be immediately recognizable. a folder's a folder. Go into an office depot and you can buy boxes of them. people still use them all the time. I hope (and believe) you're wrong... I want to have the option to chose when and where to save my work. Not having this choice seems to imply a future in which no one has any real control over a filesystem or their files. ... which I suppose one can see coming from a mile away, but I really hope it doesn't become ubiquitous. I wish I could afford to take a CS course at UT and get plugged into the culture there. Working in Austin would be amazing... and probably much more feasible (since it's a two hour-ish drive) than California. But you are inevitably going to be limited by HTML and browser limitations, so why not work with a tool that respects them? I can see the value in wysiwyg editors for non-coders but using photoshop itself for layout design never made a lot of sense to me. Then again I still do most of my coding in sublime text and use ftp which is apparently terrible so what do I know? so you can be totally right brain dreaming up stuff; your mind is thinking only on the look at that point, not whether IE 8 is gonna blow it all out of the water. Yeah that would be my stumbling block, i'd always be thinking 'ok this looks nice but how will I make it work? ' People like me are why they made Bootstrap I guess. Which is odd, since I have a graphic design background originally... but I guess my brain just doesn't like moving between the two modes (or I want to avoid the "turn the psd into html" part of the process...) You're an outlier though. Making the code look authentic means burning through valuable time and money on a special effect their viewers almost certainly won't know enough to care anything about. It's just not worth the effort for anything more than "something that looks like code." You should've commented your code better... Good point -- I don't know the efficient way to do that. I really miss the days when I just had to choose to ignore Internet Explorer. Repeat to yourself: "it's just a show, I should really just relax." 29, then 28, then 27... Until they're left with The Most Interesting Developer In The World. It would be awesome if you made us billionaires by the end of the month... I agree with the sentiment but I think it's more the "fulfill this arbitrary metric in a month or you're fired" implied here: If we are hiring you because you are awesome, then you have 30 days to do something awesome. And awesome is simply defined as me (or your supervisor) thinking to him/herself, “man, that's awesome!” just once. that's putting people off. Good luck with this. I started my own php framework as an experiment (no public repo yet.) I'll have to try this out and see how it works. Apart from being 'rails inspired' what problems specifically are you trying to solve with this? Well since I am technically running my site with it (which i'm also not posting since it's just some bootstrap pages right now) I should probably get around to it sooner or later... I guess people will need another excuse to post Veekun's manifesto. It's not 'rails inspired' though since I don't know Ruby/Rails. scratch that one off the list ... what makes it better than x probably nothing. Ill be adding links to the frameworks you'd probably rather be using in the readme anyway. it's entirely meant to scratch my personal itch. What were your priorities in the architecture? What did you de-prioritize? Easy static page generation and header control, and reasonable security out of the box. I like to think of it as a static site framework since its primary purpose is doing the MVC process but resulting in static pages. I don't know how well it does this to scale with complex taxonomies yet but it'll run Bootstrap. I de-prioritized elegance and abstraction to a degree. If anyone ever sees it, they'll probably think it's kind of ugly. What features did you consider absolutely mandatory? What did you decide to leave out? Twig as the template engine and htmlpurifier. Every view is run through twig, then markdown (so even though the views are twig files they can be entirely markdown and still work fine), then htmlpurifier with a whitelist before being either saved statically or sent. So certain things like adding forms to a page and script tags and such are made purposely more difficult because htmlpurfier will just strip them out. I left out complex asset handling (you specify .js and .css dependencies in the routes if you want them.. which is probably breaking best practice but oh my god is it convenient) and routes in closures because at the time I wanted to tie every route to a controller and method. There are no html helper classes because I wanted nothing but data going into the templates, so nothing that generates html. A lot of things are 'left out' just because I haven't gotten to them yet. What made you take the approach you did? I couldn't stop messing around with Laravel and I realized I didn't really understand what was going on like I wanted to. I just wanted a lightweight framework that would generate a site statically and not load a bunch of libraries and whatnot if they weren't needed. Because I'm on a cheap shared server and there don't seem to be a lot of solutions that don't assume I'd be running on Heroku with unlimited bandwidth or something. you should probably get rid of the evals as soon as possible. there are other ways to test for a class and method (is_readable(), class_exists(), method_exists() or the reflection api which I don't remember the syntax of offhand) it's base64 encoding. > ... is an embeddable scripting engine that implements a Turing complete programming language based on JSON. why would you make a scripting language based on a data format already based on a scripting language? > Fuck Futura aw hell no... If they were really "top coders" wouldn't they be writing their own agents? It's just a pun. >_> And I regret nothing. probably just long enough to hang yourself with. Below average for everyone, slightly but not much above average among php coders. I can find people who think i'm brilliant, meanwhile I know that plenty of people here wouldn't hire me to bring them coffee. It depends on your perspective I suppose. My vast naivety may be showing here but isn't every web app essentially a CRUD app? ok good point, thanks. I don't know why I didn't think of search.... I was just about mention this ... I'm using Wordfence on a wordpress site right now, already had logins limited. And the 'live scan' is scary -- constant attempts to login as 'admin'. From what I can tell (which is not much), it searches the document for a script tag calling jQuery from Google's CDN and then tries to load its own payload by AJAX. n(z) makes the ajax call (I think z is the url) (with a pretty nifty looking stack of functions inside an array), r(y,B) builds html elements (where y is the tag name and B is a text node inside the tag, and any subsequent arguments are mapped as tag attributes), and that's as far as I got until it gave me got a headache and decided life was too short. Perhaps HN should allow users to just post anonymously if they wish, obviously with no benefit or loss to their karma for doing so, instead of having to create a new account. Fake reviews are deliberately biased, and may contain false information about a product's quality and of course will ignore its flaws and defects. It's just advertising disguising itself as user experience. It is probably very common (and as an impulse understandable) but I think it's still wrong even without trashing your opponents. Saying your product is better than it is is not much different than saying explicitly that it's better than the other guys. Either way, it a cynical lie. I read the copy several times and watched the video and I still have no idea what it actually is or does... besides blow smoke and generally claim to be revolutionary ... Just for the record, this explosion happened 20 miles outside of Waco, and the thing everyone seems to conflate with craziness in regards to Waco happened like ten miles away. Bad shit happens everywhere on a regular basis. Waco is close to Fort Hood, Baylor and Crawford, so yeah... maybe it can on occasion be a nexus of oddness. But it's not like it's Bartertown or something. Mostly it's boring beyond reason. (disclaimer - I used to live there) My cynicism meter pegged when they suggested 'people were saying' it was more revolutionary than email. Nobody other than the guy who did the voiceover for the video surely has ever said that. And he was paid to. No person actually named Satoshi Nakomoto, apparently, exists. Beyond that, nobody knows. You read too many bad crime novels and I wish I could downvote you. You might be thinking of this one: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Monsters_Are_Due_on_Maple_S... You're right, but after asking if everyone watching the feed was gone, he stood up and then walked off camera. Occam's Razor would suggest that the wheelchair was just there for effect, since he apparently could just as well have walked in and sat down in it, but decided to wheel in. that's not a bad idea. there should be a tag. Who says it wasn't? Having infrared and having it be easy to find someone who doesn't want to be found with it in an urban environment are different things. Probably, doing so makes it more likely that anyone the cops find outside is the suspect, while lessening the likelihood that a confrontation will lead to civilian casualties. Also, no one knew how many other bombs there may have been, so public areas still posed an unknown risk. I think there's plenty of room in the profile for, say, a list of most recent replies (or have a |replies| option show up in the menu.) Simplicity is nice but I suppose YMMV as to the line where utility becomes unnecessary complexity. Email notifications might be too much but even then sending them out as a daily digest might not be so spammy. Or alternately, manufacture the illness, then sell the cure. Although that would probably look a bit shifty hanging in the lobby. Well, to be fair any form of this that takes off is going to have to be able to be turned off somehow. People won't accept it otherwise if they have a choice, they'll all rush to the competing model with the off switch. So we've moved away from self-hosting to third party content hosting like google, disqus, facebook, etc, and now the pendulum's swinging back to self-hosting? Is that what this is about? If so, i'm all for it. I'm working on getting back to hosting my own content now. I had a wordpress blog for years but I got rid of it because I thought it would just be simpler and easier to offload everything to social media sites since that seemed to be where people were. But lately I've come to realize those sites have a kind of (I won't say insidious because that's too strong... troubling maybe) way of branding and controlling your identity through the way they control their UX, determining what content you see, how it's clustered, and what you don't see. Plus yeah, there's not much you can do when they decide what you thought was your content is really theirs and they'll do whatever they like with it to make a buck. Dealing with the administration is hard though. Hosting comments is easy, brain-dead CRUD stuff but then you've got to manage spam control, post rates, SEO and questionable content. Any decent martial art will take pains point out the difference between art and science though. I practice kenpo for instance and my sensei is crystal clear about how stupid it would be to use anything in a kata in real life. It's more to build muscle memory, self awareness of the body and a knowledge of the mechanics of combat. For the most part, I think traditional martial arts can be seen as a form of dance. It's not something to be applied as much as interpreted. Many of these disciplines were used to train actual soldiers, warriors, and peasants after all. I think their real value comes in not taking them at face value though. Obviously ymmv in regards to any particular art. Nerve strikes sometimes work and sometimes don't, which is an annoying detail martial artists seem rarely to mention. There is some science to some of it, buried deep deep under the mysticism and bs. Unfortunately, people expect "five palm exploding heart" when the best they can hope for is probably "make someone's arm go numb if you're lucky and they're arranged right." Arm locks are the same way... they can work on the right person for like a second or two (i've been the dummy for that) but after that you're supposed to do something. Put the cuffs on them or step on their neck or break their arm or something. Punching them in the throat always works though. You left out the misconception where FTL travel is even possible. That's probably most likely why we'll never meet aliens... the low likelihood of them being able to harness that level of energy reduced even further by the likelihood of a ship happening to stumble across this particular rock.... and then, further still by them even caring if they find us. Heck, there might be cloud-squid in Jupiter we're not even aware of who make better conversationalists than us. The aliens might even show up after a thousand year trip and ignore the Earth entirely. You can come up with scenarios to justify anything, of course. The blog post seems to be discussing aliens as depicted in science fiction which almost always need some kind of handwaving ftl drive for narrative reasons. I was just suggesting the technological infeasibility of actual interstellar travel to be a more likely reason that we haven't or wouldn't encounter aliens, than their considering us beneath their contempt. But yeah, that is one possibility. If we must have religion then, let it be untainted by theism. I've been a fan of Star Wars since practically the beginning but... I can't defend the Ewoks. That was just dumb. Not really, really stupid. Not quite as brilliant as the hype suggests after all this time, sure, but at the time all that stuff about the force and, yes, LASERS! and SPACE SHIPS! was pretty spectacular in its own right. But most of what keeps Star Wars going, I think (apart from, obviously, merchandising merchandising merchandising) is that thin vapor of pop-philosophy and Ralph McQuarrie's visual legacy. It looked like nothing anyone had ever seen. Maybe the Java jobs are open because SV developers don't want to go near them? If that's the case then I bet there's a lot of PHP work over there too. (Austin listed Java as well... that sounds about right actually.) Why not just offer one free private repository per account to everybody? It would 'solve' the same problem this attempts to, without the attached stigma, plus it would keep a lot of people from moving to bitbucket just to have a private repo. The idea may or may not have been correct, but it seems to me the implementation also reinforces negative stereotypes about women. The Ada initiative blog is quoted as saying that fear is a real impediment to women approaching the open source community, so this probably will help. But it also implies that female coders as a group have a reason to be ashamed of the quality of their work, and that they don't really belong in the community. Oh I'm sure governments around the world have been thinking quite hard about that. People aren't bothered by the targeted ads. They're bothered by what else can be done with that vast, accumulated store of information and the network that's designed for surveillance, tracking and predicting behavior. For a lot of people, facebook is their identity. It's the way others see them and communicate with them, and their account holds a great deal of personal information which could be used to impersonate, blackmail or profile them. Which brings up the question of who is going to do gender validation, and how? #1 oh, god yes. Variable variables and extract. I hate extract. Although i've only actually seen it in production in wordpress... Though i'd edit this to always do the simplest thing that will work properly. After all, the simplest way to do a SQL query in php that works is to just dump POST vars into a mysql function... #2 I've actually gotten into an argument with someone who insists md5 is perfectly fine for password hashing if you salt it. Better, in fact, because it's faster. So yeah. #3 Unfortunately we're also stuck with a ton of legacy code that does this, and would be all but impossible to refactor, and i'm still pointing out to people who post code like this to at the very least sanitize their stuff. Seriously, if it's even possible, someone come up with an easy way to convert old-style linear SQL statements to parameterized queries or something in PHP. #4 HTMLPurifier is good, but can be incredibly slow. htmlspecialchars is probably good where you don't need to sanitize data but still provide markup. I personally use htmlpurifier after a markup generator like Markdown, so I can enforce a whitelist against it. Still, YMMV but do SOMETHING. #5 Might as well say don't use Wordpress either. I have yet to find a framework that makes me as angry as it does. Though granted, I haven't actually used cakePHP yet and I hear Zend Framework is a bit gnarly. Though "Use a framework when you can" is probably a good rule. Though eventually that ends up being "don't reinvent the wheel" #6 WHO EVEN DOES THIS?! #7 I don't know. Depending on how many you're sending, it's probably fine for low volume. It's probably right though. #8 Don't really agree with this at all. In a global file, the body of helpful_function() is in one place, so if I want to change it or upgrade it, it's right there. If I integrate it into the rest of my code, I have to go look for it or else deal with multiple definitions in different files. Though I will agree that if you're only using a helper function once in your code, then clearly it needs to be integrated somewhere else. My definition for a helper function is that it gets used multiple times in no particular place. #9 Most php developers work with whatever server their host is using, so this is of limited utility. Isn't that just making multiple helper files? Which is better, five files each with one function or one file with five? Right, which is why the Ruby and Python threads just tend to get ignored -- because everyone in those communities already knows everything about everything... (especially PHP) Is anyone using Laravel 4 in production already? I thought it was still in beta.... I'm still messing with 3. If they aren't sanitized or validated they can generate exceptions or contain malicious data which leads to XSS or SQL injection after they've been reflected back to the user or added to a database. Since the values in these arrays come from the user, they should always be considered actively hostile and treated as such. ooh, neat. I'll have to start on that then. This is much closer to what I was imagining... Except in my head they were also levitating in the midst of a vast antechamber paved with demihuman skulls, while bathed in a murky, sourceless flame whose flicker caused the wall reliefs to seem to dance, and stab at the probe with wicked implements of shadow. So I suppose disappointment was inevitable :\ If it's a project you never expect anyone else to pick up then that's probably fine... but frameworks make extending, maintaining and updating projects better by keeping code organized and concerns separated, assuming multiple developers will be working with it over a long period of time. Like mixing jquery (or any js) into PHP... perfectly valid and probably close to what it was actually meant to do, but with a framework (on top of PHP) you might have an asset loader to manage scripts and dependencies or put the script tags into view templates to keep the markup separate from the logic. In a few years if someone has to come in and maintain your code, they might be familiar with it in the context of a framework, versus having to parse everything mixed in together. Something like changing the ORM or changing the template handler becomes much easier because the framework provides that extra level of abstraction. They also attempt to create organized and universal solutions for general use-cases, so that with minimal effort using the same framework and tools you could make any number of CRUD apps. For a lot of people it's worth the complexity to not have to deal with the overhead of picking and installing libraries or writing an ORM of their own, probably very similar to the "convention over configuration" idiom in RoR. Sometimes the price you pay for this is configurability and speed. Yes, and Ruby on Rails users are just hipster kids who consider installing modules to be 'coding'. Herp, and if I might be so bold, derp as well. I thought Twitter was stupid when it came out. "Why would any one choose to limit themselves to 140 characters? Also the name is dumb and childish. 'tweet'? Who wants to 'tweet'? I'm a grown man, I don't want to 'tweet...' etc." I still don't know why Instagram is a thing. And people couldn't share photos online before? I can see how it's popular. I just don't see why it's as popular as it seems to be. And obviously i'm not arguing the problem is Instagram, since this is a thread about not being able to see why ideas take off. Clearly I just don't get it. Ok, that makes sense. But at the dawn of computing it was all women. It was considered womens' work, akin to secretarial duties. Yeah, just make sure somewhere you're doing all the checking (type, length, character set, providing sane defaults, etc.) that other languages probably do for you. Because users are evil and want to destroy you and PHP is only too happy to help them... :\ Voting rings most certainly exist and there is no doubt that they are manipulating the site right now. Where's the evidence that these rings, if they exist, are having a detrimental enough effect on the frontpage to warrant something like this? Why is it so bad that PG, his fiddly algorithms and his staff of moderators can't deal with it? You might be better off starting from scratch with a framework in the language of your choice. Django (python) and Rails (ruby) have already been mentioned but of course PHP has plenty to choose from. Maybe Laravel? Or the blog post citing it as proof that you really must be crazy to use PHP... No, i'm just wondering if their effect beyond whatever efforts pg is putting in, is big enough to matter. But languages that compile to javascript still presuppose javascript. That's all well and good for that one browser. But that's the bleeding edge of the bleeding edge. For the sake of legacy code browser vendors would still have to support javascript natively for the indeterminate future as well. No one's going in and changing the umpteen million lines of extant javascript to Dart no matter how many browsers can run it or how semantically nice it is. but I also don't know a single professional user who didn't pay for it. I suppose it depends on your definition of 'professional' but I know a few. Maybe not in the AE realm but among web designers and graphic artists, and especially freelancers and small business owners... I had to use Gimp professionally once (long story short, a sudden web banner EMERGENCY came up and Gimp was all I had available) and it was terrible. I don't doubt it would've been easier and less painful had I been familiar with the UI but it just seemed so poorly designed. It is the best free graphics software out there, maybe, but it's hardly a worthy replacement for photoshop yet (although it is getting better.) They won't though. Look at Business Catalyst. That's hardly a coder or creative friendly platform. There (seems to be - it may have changed) no way to reliably archive your sites unless you spend a grand to become partner, and the templating system is so arbitrary and chaotic as to make it almost impossible (at the very least, impractical) to move a site from BC to another platform (I tried to make a general purpose PHP framework to run a basic site, stitch together the templates, mock up the 'webapps' which are not at all webapps and gave up in frustration.) And look at Muse, the WYSIWYG editor they want people to use with Business Catalyst -- it 'compiles' the html into a proprietary format. The last thing Adobe are likely to do is something that looks like open source. At the very least, it won't be free. It doesn't even apply to most people in the programming/IT/design fields. I'd be willing to bet it doesn't even apply to most people working at Google/Microsoft/Facebook/Whatever. It's like a compass. But for pizza. éxÇÏen0ôwâBümèzSäWgÎ. Ä îoqëÕêiCßÒ Come at me bros. Don't make a fake image of your product on an image of a computer. It's a waste of pixels showing a picture of an app on a fake monitor on a user's actual monitor. It's too easy to fudge things in such a way that it wont actually render the way it would on the actual device (because after all, it isn't, actually) and if the user doesn't own the type of monitor you're fudging, well, then assuming what you're showing is accurate, it doesn't really matter to them anyway. I'd suggest getting an actual screenshot, sans device, and just use those. It's not a matter of Wordpress being 'good enough', as much as being sometimes 'what the client wants and all they're willing to pay for.' You're not wrong about the codebase though, but it's not entirely the fault of developers. A bit of a description about each app would really be useful. Also I want to second bradleysmith's mention of including forums built by HN members which clone the hacker news format (though not necessarily just in Arc.) Also just Chrome extensions... does no one make greasemonkey scripts anymore? Am I like the last person who still even does that? I call it squirrel. Just because. I'm going to pay for this but has anyone cloned HN in php? Are all of these implementations in Arc? I'm starting to wonder whether there should be a version of Godwin's Law for Hacker News: As any thread mentioning PHP progresses, the probability of a poster mentioning "A Fractal Of Bad Design" approaches 1. I think you would be hard pressed to find anyone praise Wordpress code if they've had to work with it, apart from actual contributors to the WP core of course. Wordpress is popular almost entirely because it's easy to deploy and has a vast ecosystem of plugins and themes which mostly just work. You could probably build a competing CMS in, say Laravel 4, replace the plugin system with Composer packages or something similar, use Twig and PDO out of the box, and have a much more elegant and modern system that probably almost no one would use, unless the user experience was just as brainless as it is with Wordpress. Which is also one reason why, I think, despite all the arguments in their favor, static site generators (which do get mentioned now and then as an alternative to WP) still have a while to go before they're ready for mainstream use. It's not enough that it's well coded, it has to be easy too, and easy wins out over pretty every time. ... disdain by hipsters is a bonus in my book. I plan to hate Python once I learn enough of it. WordPress is being pushed only because the majority of web developers can tinker with PHP only. I think you're forgetting that most of the people who use Wordpress aren't web developers at all, and most of the 'web developers' who use Wordpress probably can't code much, either, because they won't need to. The ease of the Wordpress install is something they advertise. Once you ever have to touch the code, yes, it's a nightmare, even if you're inured to the horrors of php code. Most 'web development' jobs with Wordpress involve the install, setting up themes, maybe editing the css and installing plugins (because even that is still more arcane than some non-technical bloggers and people want to deal with.) The "low bar for entry" for PHP comes up as an epithet now and again, but if you're trying to increase the adoption of your particular language, having an application the plebs can run isn't necessarily a bad thing. Does anything similar exist in the Python or Ruby worlds yet, for which someone wouldn't be expected to know how to use a terminal, or handle git? It is, I think, almost entirely down to being less of a hassle than anything else out there, and especially less of a hassle than anything not written in PHP. Call it laziness if you will, and I wouldn't entirely disagree with you. when i'm on windows, notepad++ and sublime text, when i'm on linux, gedit. It might just be me, but this seems like the kind of feature you wouldn't want automated. How do you algorithmically tell the difference between a flamewar and a spirited debate? well, it doesn't entirely suck... What incentive is there for new users to stick around if they can't contribute to threads though? How do they reach the karma threshold where they can participate? You can't necessarily correlate age and karma with quality. that said I did once have a fiendish (and probably terrible) idea for a similar system where you could only post if you had a certain amount of karma, but also, where you could buy karma points outright. Doesn't he have to reset the whole thing every week though? How long would it last if he didn't? Ubuntu and Crunchbang Not yet. Isn't losethos proof that hellbanning doesn't really work? If a hellbanned user is supposed to get frustrated by the lack of replies to their posts and then go away, then it doesn't. You're not supposed to ever know it's there, after all, and you're not supposed to be willing to put up with it. In the case of someone who might not care about being replied to, or who just doesn't notice they're never being replied to (entirely possible if they don't post often), being hellbanned doesn't work. It's security through obscurity. And as a result of hellbanning, people can become paranoid about speaking their opinion because they never really know if they're actually participating in a conversation or if the system has decided to make a silent mockery of them. I assumed that once you got enough karma here you started to get mod rights... maybe not though. Hellbanning is not about security; it is about removing people from the conversation. We'll have to agree to disagree about whether that kind of censorship is ever really 'great' for a forum or not. I find the whole idea cynical and offensive. I'm not going to get into a big argument about something subjective. There's already a showdead option and people willing to point out to hellbanned users when it looks like they've been inappropriately banned, so i'm happy to see that the system is being at least somewhat subverted. I don't think that Losethos should be the standard by which we should judge the merit of hellbanning. Yes, seeing his posts plain would probably be irritating (though I have showdead on and I can see them anyway.) No, his being hellbanned still doesn't prove that it does more good than harm, because most hellbanned users are not necessarily like him. What would be nice is being able to choose between nested or flat layout, and to have folding. I actually like the "expand" feature Livejournal and other forums currently use which just appends the next level onto the current thread... though all of this would probably require javascript which a lot of HN users wouldn't really like. Still, I think the more users can customize their own experience, the less likely they'll be to complain about it. You Only Libre Office. The biggest change I think could be made would be to lock the display order of comments based on submission time alone. That actually would be really helpful, basically have a newcomments option for each thread. The URI could look like /item?id=n&newcomments Tables were intended for tabular data. Using them for layouts was just a hack until css and layers came along. IIRC, they render more slowly than layers because the browser needs the entire table before it can determine the layout. In any case, once you start getting into complex tables nested in tables, the code becomes a nightmare... and the vertical alignment in data cells is usually defaulted to center meaning you have to use 'spacer' cells just to make things look right. ...it's been aeons, though, since i've even dealt with table layouts so for all I know none of what I said is still true for modern browsers, but I still think they're not a good idea. If it doesn't show up in a repo file then it is a bit better. The adjective is random, it listed me as a javascript expert[1] too, and I do have a couple of js projects, but the bulk of it is php. The only project that's even gotten contributed to is in php. And I don't know where it's getting that I do shell scripting.... But it does make me look pretty good so I might just send it to potential employers >_> [1] ha ha. I wonder whether the economy involved in manufacturing these cartridges, and the printers themselves, wouldn't all but guarantee this costs more than the worlds' poor could ever afford. The article suggests they could buy the cartridges at a local store ... this assumes, first, the existence of a 'local grocery store' and, second, that they have enough money to buy the carts (and, of course, the 0th assumption that there are enough carts to stock the shelves with.) If they could do that then, presumably, they could already afford whatever else was in the store to begin with, and it would end up being cheaper for the poor who can afford them to just boil the food carts up into soup. I guarantee a synthetic food cartridge is not going to be cheaper than, say, a sack of flour or rice and beans or what have you. And if you're requiring a crowd of people to queue up at the public replicator for their three square meals a day, you've got a recipe for political disaster on your hands. Now you could couple this with some kind of government sponsored food program, so it's "free" I suppose, But what about regions without any real infrastructure, or stable governance, or even hostile governments? I'm not dismissing the idea of the printer per se, but I don't see how it solves world hunger. If NASA wants to revolutionize the quality of life in poverty-stricken areas of the world, they should focus on improving global sanitation, water quality, waste disposal, etc. That wouldn't necessarily work ... it wouldn't be difficult (at least for a hn user) to script account creation, and maybe even 'browsing around' by accessing random links. It would be even less difficult to farm it out to something like a captcha farm. Really, one-off accounts seem to be the HN version of anonymous posting. Which suggests to me that it may be more beneficial, perhaps, to simply allow anonymous posting with some caveats (any user can choose to block all anonymous posts, anonymous posters couldn't be upvoted or downvoted, it automatically triggers some kind of alert to the mods to watch the post, and maybe it even costs you karma to use the feature.) I also keep considering that some kind of API which allows users to choose to block other users might be an effective form of self-policing, but that would also kind of by definition stifle and fragment conversation. This is the second one of these i've seen and neither of them does anything interesting with 'sudo'... :| And of course, it wouldn't censor dissent, it would just prevent new people from dissenting. Unless you follow it up with a constant shifting of the line in the sand between the "acceptable community" and "unacceptable community", perhaps by deleting the accounts of anyone as old as, or newer than, anyone within the circle who voices an unpopular enough opinion. Or have every thread be invite only, or set to only allow posts within a karmic threshold of the op's or higher. Or just pre-emptively hellban all new accounts, and retroactively hellban accounts made after whatever the arbitrary "True Hacker News User" line is, just to be on the safe side. I don't believe the situation is untenable. Really, given the tenor of some of the online communities i've been involved in, what passes for unacceptable behavior here is still practically civil. I understand the desire to 'engineer' the problem away but I don't think that's really possible, apart from the community itself being more tolerant and the moderators being more strict but fair. It is a public forum, with a practically nonexistent bar for entry. And i've seen older, established posters act with vicious condescension and newer posters being polite and considerate. You have to accept a certain ground level of chaos, bigotry, backbiting, trolling and noise as part of the system. But to be fair, wouldn't you also have to put in the manpower+time to get the experience to learn to do it in another language? PHP is not all procedural spaghetti code, it does have modern frameworks, some of which are quite nice. And despite it's flaws (yep... someone posted Veekun's thing, everybody take a shot) there are reasons for choosing it, such as low overhead for deployment, and ubiquitous availability. I can only assume you're right because I have no experience with having a site that's successful by anyone's standards (much less doing it in Python or Rails), but to me that still leaves a lot of room at the bottom of the pyramid for sites and apps that might not have any reason to expect such a large userbase. If just talking smack about Obama and the government in general is illegal then there's not going to be enough floorspace in Cuba to hold all the 'terrorists.' That would make it so only a clever subset of hackers could get in. But then I know a couple of clever hackers who can be real a holes so I don't know how that would map to more polite or civil discourse. My favorite implementation of this would be simply you have a list of users whose posts you never see. Like selective hellbanning -- it doesn't affect anything other than what you yourself percieve when logged in, but it also doesn't stop them from being able to communicate with everyone else. I don't think there's any reason to necessarily link it to banning or something, though. Just make it like a per-account killfile. in fact maybe you could even add regexes to filter out phrases or urls as well. I would not be at all surprised if the Secret Service have their own guest house at Casa Del Nugent, as often as they probably have to stop by for a 'chat.' But what can you do, the right to wave guns around and hate the government is practically baked into the Constitution (to a point.) A lot of my facebook friends agree with him, and use Glenn Beck as a primary source for all their Obama news, and honestly believe the country would be a better place with fewer laws and more dakka and the White House burned to the ground. I'm Texan, so that kind of thing comes with the territory. But as long as you don't actually do anything you should be free to say what you like. I don't care what the creator of the format says. I'm using the hard g. It's not mispronunciation. The author and the internet are merely misinformed. Because it's a mystery involving a pseudonymous entity who might have engineered himself a fortune, which he can't cash in on without revealing his identity? Is the community being drawn into a long game at the benefit of a government or corporation? Is Satoshi someone we would otherwise know, or an otherwise unknown cypherpunk who wanted to undermine traditional economics, and whose idea just took off? Why keep his identity a secret? What's his agenda? What happens when we know? I mean come on... this is practically a William Gibson novel already. url routing is one of those things about PHP frameworks I never really understood until I wrote my own. I think if you work with PHP, it's probably something you kind of should know how to do. Having worked with both php and javascript I can definitely see how the syntax alone with node.js would be a breath of fresh air to someone used to PHP. Modern frameworks like Laravel do a lot of good to smooth things out but PHP's implementation of anonymous functions, for instance, feels like such a kludge compared to javascript. I did too, and my site is even running on it now. Though hacker news isn't going to see either anytime soon because both are terrible. Still... it's a good learning experience. FTP is a vastly simpler process to accomplish what it does -- transfer files from point A to point B. And if all you would be using Git for is, essentially, pushing the contents of a repository to a remote server, then it can sort of be akin to driving a Lamborghini Murcielago around to the corner store. To be fair, Git is probably arcane to quite a few 'technical' people as well, and a lot of the people who do use Git probably fall into the set including myself who would be lost beyond the basic 'init, add files, branch, merge, push to remote' stuff. You can responsibly link to an image on someone else's server without embedding it directly on your site. The web is no longer just hypertext, and the potential inequity in resources and scalability between servers matters. Why should I be expected to suffer and pay for anyone who decides they like a particular image on my site and want to use it in their forum avi? They can just as easily copy it locally and use it. phpass? https://github.com/rchouinard/phpass The naming conventions are a bit pretentious, sure but it's being all static is apparently not so clear cut: https://tutsplus.com/lesson/when-they-say-laravel-shouldnt-u... Who let you into the PHP party? I never liked html-generating methods anyway (it makes escaping more difficult) so personally i'm quite happy if there are fewer of them. Indeed. If the assumption is that the bulk of current accounts are also low-quality, and that (for whatever reason) account age is a good indicator of quality, you would have to follow up the cutoff of new account signups with a mass deletion of accounts (including OP's) until you got to the 'quality' line. With what programming language does that even work? Game Maker is fun, I still play around with it now and then. It is really quite good at what it does, and it's an easy way of building quick and dirty .exes too. I do wish knowing GML was good for something somewhere else though. Or that it used another language like Python for its scripting. I completely agree. A million years from now, there will likely still be human artifacts on the moon. Where will the linux kernel be in a million years? Given the amount of effort startups put into getting accounts, correlating their social media accounts and harvesting user data, and run aggressive analytics, I find it a bit disheartening that the comparatively minimal effort necessary to let them leave is ever considered a waste of time. I shouldn't be considered a fly trapped in amber just because I happened to want to try a site out, particularly when so many require an email address or facebook account to sign up or sign in (and in some cases, to find out what it is the service does.) Hashing passwords is extra work too. Common courtesy towards users should count towards the minimal amount of work necessary for a site. It's not as if the users who want to leave, now want to stay because you want to hold on to their data. The fire alarm in my dorm, today... It's not even as if the content is being added by javascript, it's just markdown which gets parsed by js... the content is there, it's just being hidden by an inline css rule. That's the most annoying thing to me, although it's probably to prevent a FOUC. It is html though, but not really proper html. They're sending the html5 doctype for instance, but not declaring a content type, and I think (but i'm not certain) that the xmp tag is all but deprecated by now. Lucky for me and my ego, we're not comparing popularity relative to one another... anyway this is an implementation of perceptual hashing in PHP, to catch image reposting on forums and imageboards. It counts as the 'most popular' because it's the only repo I have that anyone's contributed to or made a fork of so far (they did it in js) https://github.com/kennethrapp/phasher doesn't work for me, FF21.0, Windows We are all interested in the future, for that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives. And remember my friend, future events such as these will affect you in the future. Ha ha. I'm part of the problem. But yeah, I think it's probably a good idea to have a vision of the future and strive to work towards building that, if you're lucky enough to be in a position to do anything about it, and hopefully your vision of a glorious posthuman utopia isn't my vision of a dehumanizing nightmare. (cough Nikola Tesla cough) Or build the lasers. How much of the population do you want to risk on a comeback by whooping cough or polio or smallpox? For their entire lives, though? The potential damage of a viral pandemic is well documented and well known while the damage from vaccination seems, to say the least, controversial. I'm aware of one study linking vaccinations to autism having been debunked as a hoax, for instance[1]. [1] http://thechart.blogs.cnn.com/2013/03/29/vaccine-autism-conn... Idoru was pretty much about garbage. I was under the impression that SVGs could contain javascript and pose possible XSS or code execution risks. Granted, probably not a very high risk if you're using files you, yourself, trust. I would expect that data regarding the rates of mortality from viruses over, say, the last century would be readily available somewhere. So i'll suggest the null hypothesis -- assuming that vaccines do at least as much, if not more, harm than good (of which we're unaware because of politics and whatnot) then there should be evidence of lethality due to vaccinations on a scale approaching that of viral pandemics. The evidence of the good should be indisputible - how many people still get polio? The onus is on the other side to demonstrate harm. I've upvoted every downvote in protest of the inequity in not having the ability to downvote. Donkey Kong and Space Invaders had pre-NES cartridge incarnations as well, I remember them being enjoyable though I honestly don't remember what system I played them on. I know it wasn't Colecovision, either one of the Ataris or Intellivision. Though I'll agree about the controllers -- though personally I preferred the infamous disk on the Intellivision to even the Atari 2600 joystick so I'm probably biased towards that paradigm anyway. I also enjoyed Treasure of Tarmin far, far more than I had any right to. [edit] though not as much as Misty Mountain. (Stupid snakes.) If you live in the future... be born rich. Huh. Given how loose the disks were, I don't know if that would have been much of an improvement or not. Probably would've been, but not by much. eh.. zxcvbn-async.js is returning content-type text/plain instead of application/javascript (chrome gives me an error about this, firefox doesn't) and sha.js is returning a 404. It works fine for me now. Condolences to your server though... It does occur to me though, that it could be turned into a browser plugin. I'd have no idea whether that would be an improvement over anything, though. Either way, it is an interesting thing. And just to play devil's advocate, there is the possibility that someone hosting this code theoretically could add an event handler to surreptitiously send them the content of the text fields by ajax, so there is the issue of implicitly trusting the host even if the passwords aren't stored anywhere. > Honest question, how can I delete my account on HN? You can't. You'll probably get hellbanned though. Personally, I don't think two wrongs make a right, and you should be able to delete your account if you want. Maybe just close the tab and never come back. That always works. It looks like deadfall ( •_•) ( •_•)>⌐□-□ (⌐□_□) Has been rendered karmatose. Can someone explain to me his rationale for having websites mailed to himself? Everything but the inane comments I can understand. If you want to avoid those, you might as well just move to a Tibetan monastery. It just seems like an odd, circuitous route to take. I would have expected him to just use Lynx or something. How will this be licensed, and will this app provide methods for converting the flat-file data into other formats (such as json?) also $_POST https://github.com/search?p=4&q=extension%3Aphp+%3C%3F%3... Maybe you need the HN Gold Account.. Currently, the use of PDO is preferred and anything involving the mysql libraries should be avoided, and support for them is being deprecated in PHP anyway. I found this interesting, though, regarding specifically SQL injection when mysql_real_escape_string is used: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5741187/sql-injection-tha... basically the argument appears to boil down to mixed character sets causing escaping not to act as predicted. I can't speak to the validity of it though. Yes, and given that (IIRC) $_GET always returns strings anyway, casting to int before adding to a database makes sense. Even so, you should still attempt to validate the string with ctype_digit() and make sure it accurately represents the integer you expect. If you just cast directly to an int, you can't really predict the results. And also, doing the cast inside the sql statement makes it difficult to see. It should be done, if at all, outside the query where it's obvious to anyone looking at the code that this is something that should be paid attention to. IIRC, Microsoft tried to get vbscript to catch on, but it didn't. I think it was a case of one language doing the trick adequately, and adding more would just multiply the headaches for development and building cross-browser compatible code. What happens when Firefox supports Python 3, Microsoft supports Python 2 (but not actual python 2, their own proprietary version) and Opera just happens to only ever run javascript? It should be opt in by default. You can have everyone's images when you're willing to pay them for the bandwidth. The internet has changed (unfortunately.) I've used this method too. But I thought the image type you were supposed to serve as an alternative had to use a nonstandard extension (like .jpe)? That's Governor Goodhair to you. I can't speak to this at all from the standpoint of someone who's actually successfully launched a startup, so feel free to disregard this as you will, but my advice is just to start pick a framework[1] and maybe Twitter Bootstrap (even though people will probably complain, just change the colors around so it doesn't look so bootstrappy) and just put the hard work into the interesting parts of the code, and avoid reinventing the wheel. [1] I suggest Laravel 4 ( http://four.laravel.com ) just because I like it and happen to be playing around with it at the moment. It's already got a Twig package if you're into that. I've been through the same thing, trust me, i've wasted years tinkering on problems that'll never see the light of day that have already been solved by other people. Learn to take advantage of Composer and existing libraries and frameworks. You'll save yourself an absurd amount of unnecessary work and maybe actually get something done. And good luck with the whatever it is. me either, except the music played, that's it. i assume since no one else has mentioned this that it's just me: http://i.imgur.com/TdQCpsR.jpg I've been working on the same thing for firefox as a userscript. It's certainly more equitable then hellbanning, and inane threads about how subject x is turning hn into reddit. You'd think a site called Hacker News would be more hackable... That's why you don't tell people when you block them, and if you want to see what someone said, you just unblock them for a second. I kind of think hellbanning and the karma system encourage groupthink as well. That would be annoying though. You're already not the kind of user this is meant for. Also, chances are anyone who uses it is going to get bored with it in a week and ignore it anyway. kennethrapp1@gmail please If they were truly that powerful and organized, wouldn't they have rather just not orchestrated the leak to begin with? But they're not controlling anything, they're just doing now what they would be doing if the leak had been real, assuming it was orchestrated. They would've done a better job letting everyone stay distracted by all the other crap being dropped on Obama's head right now. I've seen mention of people adding a bare '#' hash to URLs to avoid duplicate link detection. No idea if that can be handled well in software. pg could attempt to hash the head or meta tags from the remote url (though that would require making a request for every submission), and pay closer scrutiny to urls with common domains and paths. Just adding cruft to a url would seem to be something you'd be able to detect easily. Of course I say this having no clue how difficult that would be to do in Arc. To say nothing of having to follow redirects, etc... I keep feeling like I've shown up to the platform 20 minutes after the money train left... well that's not how trains are supposed to work at all ;_; ... fine. I guess I'll go get my hammer then. You seem to be assuming the government doesn't hire skilled computer crackers or, as need be, the occasional mafioso. fair enough. with php in windows, this is apparently the best I can generate: http://i.imgur.com/4nCOI9B.jpg . using this: https://gist.github.com/kennethrapp/198e419d1b620cddbc7d which should work a lot better in linux, but I haven't tested it with the image thing yet so who knows? Politicians can't get elected admitting they're politicians. In what other field do people apply for work by claiming to be not only ignorant of, but hostile to the job they're applying for? Everyone is Mister Smith going to Washington now, it's manufactured cynicism, and Americans seem to eat it up. I find when i'm dreaming in code, it's a sign i've been spending too much time in front of the editor. I've done this, accidentally published my livejournal passwords on a project. Now I make certain that at the very least I have a folder covered by .gitignore in my local repo that contains any auth tokens or whatnot and I double check the history before pushing it anywhere. I had an art degree and a bit of work designing logos for various projects before I got into coding, so at least for me, the process was reversed. I'd suggest doing some tutorials on http://psd.tutsplus.com/ maybe, though I don't like how hard they're pushing premium content now, and I more or less deleted my own account in disgust after their passwords were dumped, I found them to be a pretty good resource. Why in the world would anyone serve a php file as .xml? That seems to be the problem... xml files are meant to be readable as text. why did it die? are there inherent problems with javascript that might make this infeasible, or did the project just fizzle? A lot of users seem to feel it's an important topic which still merits discussion. Some sort of topic filter, or a tagging system might help (or use hnapp.com or whatever third party thing is available), but putting a hard limit on something that other people want to talk about is pointless censorship. It's a discussion forum, and this seems to resonate with the community. I upvoted this because everything is better with blackjack and hookers. Let's say my experience with cryptography and web security can be summed up with 'using bcrypt' and 'using ssl.' Would I be able to learn from this or would I need to seek out something more basic first? No. There's no point, they're just going to keep my data indefinitely anyway and give it to whomever they want. "deleting" is meaningless when it comes to facebook. If you're interested I know a guy who can get you some real estate on the Moon, cheap. On the other hand, how many people consider 'poor content' to be 'anything they would rather not read?' If people started flagging PRISM content now, that doesn't serve the pool of people who still actually want to read it. I think tags would be a good idea. "ask hn" and "show hn" are practically tags already. Although that would probably just add another layer for people to practice political infighting over (particularly if users can submit their own tags and vote for them, and tags are weighted), it might also be simple if you want to see PRISM content, or want to exclude it, to just search by #prism or !#prism (or what have you.) Thread folding inside discussions could also go a long way towards giving the perception of segregating content without actually doing so. a 'show hn' page might be a good idea. It could go right next to 'ask'. I don't like having to enter a date using a specific format like 'mm/dd/yyyy' (as a string, the slashes or dots of course being mandatory as well.) There are libraries whose entire purpose for being is turning datelike strings into timestamps, and anything that doesn't parse with strtotime (or what have you) can just return an error. There's really no reason i can think of why you can't just enter any number of natural language strings other than laziness on the part of the programmers. Where do you live, where the government either isn't cooperating with the US or its allies or else doing its own spying and censorship, and isn't a corrupt, money-hungry beast? I might just pack my own bags and go myself. Assuming there are jobs for foreigners. Question for those who would know: if I were to try to do this with javascript, how many requests could I make to the site at a time without being auto-banned? just start using them now so when pg implements them the content will already be ready. #hashtagallthethings #earlyadopter If President Obama doesn't use barack.obama@gmail.com from a known IP address, then his emails are essentially hidden from the NSA. This example doesn't really work with Obama though. There's no chance that he has any online accounts or connections which aren't thoroughly monitored, I would expect the NSA and CIA to be reading the President's emails, and the emails of congress, senators, generals, and have everyone's social media logins, et cetera. I don't mean to be a pedant, I just think the analogy breaks down using him as an example. For you or me, maybe. Even with all of this going on, affront to liberty that it is, I'd be more upset if we weren't trying to hack China. An up and coming communist superpower, and a potential military and technological rival? Of course we're trying to hack the bejesus out of them. Everything we accuse them of doing - penetrating our media, penetrating our infrastructure, whatever, we're trying to do. This is not even controversial, this is the part of their job they're supposed to be doing, 'owning other countries.' Just because the United States happens to be better at it at the moment, doesn't mean other governments aren't complicit or wouldn't jump at the chance for total information awareness themselves. They don't have to ask. I'm sure the sewers are brimming with genetically engineered cybernetic cockroaches constantly scanning our feces for genetic identifiers and trace electromagnetic signals, beause the NSA has slowly been slipping silicon and rare earth magnets into our food in order to allow them to van-eck phreak us through our orifices. The entire American military-pharmacological complex is a part of it, as is Dole, and Mrs. Bairds, and American Standard, because who really names a toilet company that anyway? The terrifying thing about what i just wrote is if it's not actually true, it probably will be soon. They don't even have to know it. It's one of those things they would just assume. To be fair, though, you can dismiss the argument all you like, but they do have missiles and you don't. It does seem like a rational argument. I don't know that I necessarily want tactical nukes over the mantel but isn't that what it would actually take to balance things out at this point? Well, yes, he's a politician. But not to expect that China's conducting cyber-attacks on the US anyway would just be stupid. I meant not controversial in that espionage is what governments have been doing since the dawn of civilization, it's expected behavior, even if the methods might be new. Yes, of course China's spying on us. Yes, of course they're trying to hack our systems. It's not a surprise is what I'm saying. They're a large, modern communist nation, competing with us politically and economically. There's a lot of political capital to be made playing them up as the successor to the Soviet Union in American minds. The next Red Menace. Because, in terms of the politics, that's the red meat (pun only slightly unintended.) Their being 'communist', and communism being percieved as atheistic, anti-capitalist and militaristic, is what makes them the bogeyman, that's why the media and the government go out of their way to make their efforts seem so dangerous and terrifying because being 'communist' makes them our de facto enemies (because we're the God Fearing Capitalist Shining City on a Hill.) If China was a predominantly Muslim country, plug 'terrorists' into the same socket, it would amount to the same difference, in terms of the rhetoric. If we found out Britain was spying on us (ECHELON aside), or Germany or Poland, whomever, it wouldn't have nearly the same sort of ominous sense of 'the other' that the spectre of China/Russia/the Middle East do. I certainly didn't mean to imply anything tacit about China being communist having anything to do with their attempts to expand their influence or anything. It's what they should be doing. You do have a point, the British weren't prepared for guerilla warfare. But I don't think it necessarily carries over to the modern day, our military's at least got some experience in urban warfare and the like. It probably depends a great deal on how far the government's willing to go and how far the military's willing to go. I understand the principle and I respect it. I just really, personally and at a visceral level hate the idea of armed uprising. I want the system to be salvageable. I want dialogue and compromise. But I suppose if it came down to real, true tyranny then you'd be correct. Everyone has the right to stand against that. True. I wouldn't say nobody , I am from Texas. We threaten to secede over just about everything lately, it seems. It's over 9000! (goodbye karma) I wonder how secure the governments facilities are in retrospect. We'll find out, I imagine, as soon as Anonymous gets their press briefing finalized. But I wouldn't say there's a complete lack of interest. For most Americans,this is just another in a series of scandals that play out on television, abstracted from their real lives. And as someone pointed out to me recently, almost no one seems to care when facebook and gmail mine your data. If it weren't for social media, I don't think PRISM would have been as acceptable culturally. Although I am a bit disturbed that the threat of affordable healthcare seems to have been far more revolting to people than this. The NSA are the nerds, the CIA are the jocks. It couldn't stop the Tsarnaevs. Is this thing hidden behind the steaming mountain of bs? What are your opinions on Pagodabox? I've gotten wordpress and a couple of other projects running on it, and it does have a free option you can try out. But it's also the first such service I have tried so I can't compare it to others. But I can say they've been courteous and helpful with trouble tickets. You might as well dispense with the latter half of that sentence. ... the intelligence branch of the Department of the Interior? If you don't want to reinvent the wheel then you should be using PHP. I almost made it through Coursera's python course. It's a really nice language but I still find the whitespace thing annoying. Also package management seems a bit lacking but I might just not be familiar enough with the ecosystem. pastebin mostly A network in the sky. This is Skynet. This is literally Skynet. No need. Why climb in through the window when you have the keys to the back door? There are a few, i've seen their posts here and there, and they do seem to get downvoted pretty severely. It's unfortunate, not necessarily because I agree with them but everyone has the right to at least make their case. That seems to be one of the downsides of the karma system - when a population of high karma users tend towards a certain point of view it creates social pressure for others to reinforce the orthodoxy. It doesn't help that once you get the down arrow, you're free to simply downvote opinions you disagree with rather than engage the poster. I've wondered once or twice whether karma shouldn't be publicly visible anyway. After all, one should be able to judge a post on its own merit without having a measure of the posters' relative popularity to tell you how much you probably should agree with them or not. It wouldn't even take that - you can go a long way in a few days making a child theme of twentytwelve and tweaking the stylesheets. Nearly everything else is plugins. He could trust that he would be vindicated by the justice system. His belief that justice would someday inevitably prevail belied the injustice of his system. To the degree that any of what you suggest was true in the day, it wasn't true at all for blacks, less so for those who didn't 'keep their place'. In this modern case, Edward Snowden is the beneficiary of far, far more privilege and opportunity for fairness from his own government than Martin Luther King could ever have hoped for. Just imagine what the discourse would be if Edward Snowden turned out to be Arabic, or Muslim, or went by a Muslim sounding name. If he fled to the wrong country they might already be picking smoking chunks of him off a cafe wall. There would be no debate in the media as to whether he was a 'hero' or 'traitor'. The most karma points i've ever gotten from one post are from a pun I made about Google's balloon network thing. It really does seem all but meaningless, and yet it seems as if the whole culture of this site is build around farming it and gaming it. What Snowden did is, arguably, treason. Whatever you believe about the righteousness of his cause, or the evil of the programs he exposed, or the corruption of the government pursuing him, that he's being pursued is in fact a case of the system working as intended. Fair enough, I'll concede the point. But of course, they would just as well argue we're in the War on Terror. It would be an obvious flimsy justification but, there you are.