The question on how much Joe would have paid is interesting in an academic setting, but quite impossible to answer. To make an example, tap water is worth exactly 0$, but had my only option been to purchase water from the store, then the price I would be willing to pay would be substantially large. The way west society solved the question on how we pay the utility guys who maintain the water supply is with taxes. Copyright is an outgrowth of taxes. A private monopoly granted by the state that can be used to generate revenue without any unit cost associated. In any free market, if the unit price is zero, the then market price must be zero too. The thing I personally wonder is, since copyright is a form of tax granted by the state, is this the best way to reward creators in the art of science and beauty? The big problem with software embedded in hardware is accountability. Today, if your car crash, it could be human error, or a software error. Yet, accountability has not moved with the times, and only the human error is looked at. Fix accountability for the software and I for one will treat it as the same as the hardware. Easiest language to learn for non-technical people? I do not believe that comment was made by someone who has tried to teach a non-technical person on how to program PhP. To get started to write a simple thing like a blog, you need to explain concepts like: classes, inheritance, public/private members, global/local decelerations, and context to name a few. Add that with the X number of ways each thing can be done, and the what ways are "right", and what ways are "wrong", and it becomes a huge information load for the student even before getting started writing something simple. An important event for subjects outside intellectual property context. The next time someone has the bright idea to create a treaty in secret, people can point to ACTA as an cautionary tale. It alone is maybe the most important victory from this. While sounding fine, its a form of error in reasoning - A fallacy of a kind. The logic does not scale. If I go to the supermarket and buy cheap imported goods, I deprive the local market of the possible purchase of their goods. It is very easy, almost impossible, not to deprive someone of payment if payment is based on who has worked hard and what could have happened. The logic also demand that there is a zero sum game going where every copy equals a lost sale. Copying is as about as simple as needing. If needing results in lost sales, then each time I am hungry, I create lost sales for restaurants if I dont buy something immediately. That might also sound fine logically, as if I am hungry I will buy food, and if I didnt need to buy said food, I am depriving someone of payments for their hard work to create food I could have eaten. It is also crazy! the world is not a zero sum world. It is way more complicated and social economics (how should creative people get payed for their work) should be decided by economics and politics, not law. Let say that 5 out of 10 000 users triggered this. Then say that 2 out of those 5 would have bought a full copy but read/heard/noticed this method of getting a cheaper copy. Is that then a problem? My guess is that the time this guy spent on this info box and coupon code far exceed the money from one license. You bring some interesting points so let start with the moral standpoint. If voting with your dollar should be the method to give society feedback what is needed, roads and water should be the most expensive items one pay for. Voting with your dollar sound fine in theory, but try to find a single study proving it. There is none, and studies like "The Market for Lemons: Quality Uncertainty and the Market Mechanism" by Economist George Akerlof, and those produced by Amartya Sen should shine some light on why. Copying is as simple as needing, that is the amount of energy and action needed to copy something, is about the same as just simply needing something. Like star trek replicators, you ask for something, and a perfect copy materialize. If I was hungry and I asked the replicator for a piece of bread, would I be depriving the baker of salary? So the question ends up, how should the baker be payed for the first loaf of bread. A dollar for each copy made from it? When the poor is then denied said bread and dies because he does not have that dollar for a copy, is that then murder or good for society? So how do we make it valuable to develop. My answer would be: - Society should pay for infrastructure, be that roads, water, or network infrastructure. (Tax) - Industry regulations should regulate the industry, not private people. If a company want to do earn profit by using software made by others, they should pay. (CC-BY-NC) - Concepts like media tax would work quite fine, if distributed "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts". The current media tax seen at places like Canada and Sweden are twisted forms of that where the collectors take the largest share, and then popularity in radio takes the rest. (Media tax). - Products do compete against free and sometimes wins. Look at the "$9.99" bin at the supermarket. When the product is offered as convenience, it does not matter if at the back, down the stairs, through the window, next to the gutter, there is a "free all-you-can-eat buffet" of pirated goods. This goes back to Industry regulations. Regulate people who are running for-profit operations and that is enough to create value for the producer. (lets call that economics) Small cited section from the article: "You only need to look at the way that Red Notices are used around the world. Red Notices are normally the preserve of terrorists and dictators. The president of Syria does not have a Red Notice alert. Gaddafi in Libya, at the same time Julian's arrest warrant was issued, was not subject to a Red Notice but an Orange Notice. It was an incredibly... it was incredibly unusual that a red notice would be sought for an allegation of this kind." And the allegation is accusation of sexually assault of the lowest degree. The lowest. Accusations. If Anders Breivik fled out of jail from Norway, he would be unlikely to receive the same high international legal attention that Assange got. It things like that this that causes people to loose trust in the legal system, especially the Swedish legal system. The appropriate method is to issue an arrest, then using informal channels to the UK police asking for assistance. Interpol notices are for extreme rare exceptions. If one would to be used for any common crime where the accused has left the country, the list would become useless. We would end up with a list somewhere around 200 000 - 1 000 000 people, not 7,678. It somewhat like bringing in tanks, bombers, and a nuclear missile in handling a shop lifter running away from the store. It might work, but appropriate action it is not. Equal to the law it is clearly not. Interpol requests like that are rare event reserved for server international crimes. The total number for 2011 was just 7 000 requests, which was substantial larger than for 2010 which was the year the Julian Assange notice was requested. To take it into context, a brutal murder where you have witnesses to it and the murder "suspect" flee the country, you still do not request a red notice. In the Swedish police words (asked by reporters), requesting help from Interpol is only done in exceptional cases where such expenses and laboure can be justified. Incorporated in January 1977. They became the great marketer in the last few years so what is the suggested concept the article makes; that the 3-point marketing philosophy will have no large effect for 30 years and then boom, instant great market leader? Its not stealing because the word fails when used outside physical property. To make some examples: Person X entered my building without authority or right to use the restroom. He stole my restroom! Person X insulted me. He thus "stole" my reputation. In Sweden, the state has sole right to sell alcohol, thus any Person X that is selling alcohol is thus "stealing" from the state. This is a lost truth on most people. If something trademarked can be used in a context that does not result in the consumer being confused, then the owner automatically loose the trademark. Its a consumer protection law, not an anti-competition law. The stock certificate does count: 1) Its legal tender, 2), if you loose the certificate then you loose the property. Its like trying to argue that money are not property, just representation of property. You are perfectly right that its the general attitude at defcon that is the problem, through I would claim its cause is the cowboy culture in the hacking community. It is the idea that hacking is all about the wild west, where some drunken, guns at the hip, "cool guy" can come and save princess and hunt down and hurt the bad guy. That said, the bar example you took up is not very relevant. I could tell you about a mugging that happened, even make a blog post about it, but no one would care or do anything about it. I could talk about a car accident, even one including a drunk driver, but it would be meet with the same reaction. Common crime do not create reaction from society. Maybe if a 9 year old daughter of some politician got groped at a bar you might see some media coverage and reaction, but that would be true the same if she got mugged or was hit by a drunk driver. Articles like this are declaring issues in existing communities. This make it natural for members in those communities to create opinions and question when listening, internalizing, and cultivating the issues brought forth. Some of those opinions will be of the type "Is this issue, compared to all other form of issues already identified in the community, significant different that it need a imminent and unique reaction?". Hackers/programers/scientists/problem solvers is also extremely, to the point of obsession, interested in identify root issues when talking about problems. To find root issues, one need to ask questions, like are there similar issues like this one? Are they caused by the same problem? What suggested fixes are there? are those proven to work? whats does the number says, do they show a trend? are there sources that back up what people experience? How can we eliminate research and political biases? are there additional factors involved like relative risk, risk assessment and risk aversion? Denying those questions and asking the community to accept the issues as facts, immune against research and question, and just shut-up and follow any suggested fixes it gets, is wrong. Just simply wrong. Maybe that will result in people dropping out, showing up in small numbers, or who starts making their own exclusive conferences/coding groups/fill-in-the-blank. Maybe. But maybe the better way is to ask the questions and find the answers? I have studied in classes where I was the sole guy + 30 women (Physcology course). I can only say, you get used to it after the first few days. That said, any assault, be that a bottle to the head, first to the face, hand to the groin, or foot to the torso, should be reported. Normally I would just do some hand waving and mumble "people", but I will try to do something more constructive. I believe it is the same effect as after a random rant article about firefox/gnome/pulse audio/software licenses. Everyone has some personal opinion there, so if the article lacks all form of basic research, people will immediately start to fill that void with their own anecdotal evidence. Like other has said, the argument makes absolutely no sense at all. Would you say that "the right to speech" is the same as the "the right to shot people in the head"? Both require the same amount of liberties so they must be the same right? "Freedom to be shot", and "freedom to not be shot" is not the same thing. Yes, both include the world "freedom", but its not the same kind of freedom. Same goes for rights, laws, and in this discussion even software licenses. What count is the Intent and what real world effects it has. > Does there need to be? Yes. The question of morality require more than the simple fact that someone can gain something of value without loosing something of value in exchange. A question asked by Eben Moglen (a professor in law historian and founder of FSLC), if bread could be copied with no costs by the process of pressing a button, what would the argument be to require more for bread than what a starving person would be able to pay? Would it be morally right to deprive a person of what he or she need to live when it cost you nothing to allow the person to survive? And if you do decide to deprive the person of that bread in a effort to give money for the first bread created, would the death of the starving man then be murder? And before you say "but copyrighted works are not necessary for living", please consider the effect of education has on a person ability to survive. There has also been physcology experiments that has proven the need, the almost extreme need for culture we human beings have. Deprive people of it and there is physical effects from it. No allegation was made by the claimed victims. They were seeking advice on the possibility to force Assange to take a STD test, and a prosectuter independently decided to start the prosecution after reading the report. One of the victims has gotten so tired of it all that she now refuses to testify, and refuses to sign any old statements she made in regards to the whole affair. The common interpretation is that Ms-PL is intentional designed to work like BSD, but to forbid code to be put under other free and open source licenses. Ms-PL allows you to distribute derived works freely under any license but only if it is in binary form. If you distribute code in source form, then the license change style and requires that all code to be under the Ms-PL, and only under the Ms-PL. Since practically all free and open source project distribute code in source format, this makes code under Ms-PL incompatible with most projects. Reading the license text, I do not see any exception for distribution of exact copies. What the license text say's is: if you distribute any portion of the software in source code form, you may do so only under Ms-PL. Project will use the technology described in the now open patents, but the source code will likely never see any use beyond as a reference manual. Is it valid to lump together all system with a linux kernel and then talk about the user experience? The user experience differ quite a lot depending on if you use debian, redhat, ubuntu, android, Mandrake, and so on. Sure, they can all be modified to be more or less the same experience, but the amount of modification needed to make a redhat user experience the same as a debian user experience is so large that you may just easier start with compiling your own kernel and go from there. It is 2012, it is time to stop comparing BSD with Linux and start comparing FreeBSD with Debian, or OpenBSD with redhat, and so on. Its interesting that around all this talk about rape allegation, no actually allegation was made by the suggested victims called so by reporters. The two women were seeking advice on the possibility to force Assange to take a STD test after unprotected sex, and a prosecutor independently decided to start the prosecution after reading the report. One of the victims has gotten so tired of it all that she now refuses to testify, and refuses to sign any old statements she made in regards to the whole affair. The other woman, as far as I know, has left the country. If in a fantasy world this would go to trial in Sweden on rape charges, it would be unlikely to see either one of the two "victims" in court. Sweden has done it before with the same laws that exist now. Simply put, there is no punishment if they would extradite Assange to the US. incentives are tricky and the story is showing what happens when you induce the wrong ones. They want to have "a free game", a "cheap upgrade" and a "only one upgrade needed". Three things that do not match. If they are going for a free game but that offers the enthusiastic 1% an payed to play upgrade, that upgrade can not be cheap. If they increase to 29.9$, their conversion rate would likely only go from 0.67% to 0.5%, but increasing profits by around 500%. People have tried, vigorous tried, to find a single case where a exposed name got killed in relation to the documents. So far, not a single researcher has found one. What they have found is that there is very few names like that, the most of the named people was dead before the documents was published. If it auto-updates, maybe this can be a early step towards a more resilient DNS system that route around damage. Whats the accuracy of those numbers? In research, statistics are normally followed by a accuracy estimation. "A post to Blizzard’s message board by a company employee also noted that rules meant Iranian players would not be getting refunds.". Isn't that the same as stealing? They are taking money in exchange for an service they do not provide. The one big question is not answered by the article. Will they get a design patent for it? Its an old idea to remove everything until just the essence is left. Apple succeed in identifying markets that was making over complex products. The silly part is that complexity goes in cycles. New products need to differential themselves with old ones, so they add new features. After a while, you end up with a car stereo with 20 buttons, and suddenly a "new" competitor comes out with a clean design with just 3 buttons and the 20 button design looks ill-designed in comparison. Stereos is one of the earlier examples, but you can see the same phenomena in web-design with today’s White and clean design vs the old dark and complex design. You can add new features without adding interface complexity, but its harder to differential products if the user do not have any visible difference between ones old product now going for 15$, the competitors new 30-99$ products, and ones own new product going for 100$. Abstract arguments like "its faster!, more feature than before!" is much harder sell when the two devices look and feel the same. One way is to sue all competitors and have the only store available presenting exclusive the new product, but that only goes so far. As for the johnsphones, it has buttons. As interface goes, it still look complex compared to a smartphone. The most simplistic phone design is one with only one or zero buttons, like the Third generation iPod Shuffle if it had been a phone. About $26.4 billion, that is 28% of the total biomedical research funding in US are money from the government. Its the single largest player in medical research. In areas of core principles, cancer research, and motility effecting illness, they are 80-95% in total funding. Government is not and has never been an referee in medical research. The drug companies would never allow it. Try removing a $26.4 billion of free R&D and see lobbyist doing everything they can to stop you. Additionally, anyone caring about sick people would join in in stopping that bill. One do not simply remove $26.4 billion of medical research in the name of free market. Are there any indication in the files that points towards a hack on apple or a carrier? If we have any indication that the information is false, first then should this really become an issue. Until then, FBI is the most likely source. This become even more important when anyone can add false information to a tracker. Of course they may have ulterior motives. Any action performed by a human might have ulterior motives. Anything anyone say might be a intentional lie to mislead. But to assume everyone is lying until proved correct will not work. Reading news would be impossible, as would most other actives involving other people. The only working method then is to assume people are telling the truth until indication (not proof) is presented of the opposite. Blind trust would be only if we disregarded indication of falsehood when said indications exist. All we have is a claim, and a disclaim - both being equal likely to be false. What is left to do is find out the original source. was it apple (can 12 million devices really be all devices from date X?), a carrier (is 12 million apple customers reasonable), or is it from an app? But that is not what the comics argue since they are attributing it to DOJ guidelines for the Licensing of Intellectual Property. There is not a single reference to marginal cost or copyright infringement in that document. The guidelines focus around market power, and competitive prices. Contrary to the comic, the guidelines do to define what an competitive price is, or public goods, or systems goods, or the effect of supply & demand on IP. The closest we get is a statement that market power exist if the consumer can not get the product beyond from a single source. If someone edited the Wikipedia article about IP and used the same wording as the comic, it would get reverted with the comment ("Does not exist in source"). The What Makes for a Good VPN section lacks one major and important aspect. Ping times (latency). If you play games online, you want a VPN that is either close to you, or close to the game servers, or which traffic is highly prioritized. If you are lucky, you might increase your latency going through a vpn than if you went without. It sound illogical, but routing is not equal for all, and traffic might be boosted if your VPN's network has higher priority than your ISP. Going from europe to US, I found that different AS had latency up to 200-300 MS in difference, and this does not take into account the stability of it. One net had a average of 80ms which only differentiated with 50m over time (the Swedish national university ISP). The Swedish ISP's that offer services to the public almost all uses a other backbone network than the university ISP, and that has an average of 250 ms to US, and which latency goes up and down between 150-800ms. I trust a VPN provider more than a ISP. The reason is pretty simple, I trust a random company more than a 30-200 year old telecommunication company which has strong ties to government and content delivery networks. How many VPN's companies has deals with content networks? How many ISP has a content network deal? How many VPN's has has a past of cooperative with government surveillance? How many ISP has cooperated with police and government secret police? How many VPN's has lobbyist in government. How many ISP's has lobbyists in government? An ISP has all the reasons to snoop at the traffic of their users, and they commonly do. Their core product is advertised as an service that provides Internet connectivity. Their core product is thus not effected by much if they get caught snooping on their users. A VPN has few reasons to snoop (QoS is the major exception), and their core product is to provide privacy. If they are caught snooping, their core service of providing privacy suffers. Thus, yes. I trust more a VPN provider than an ISP. Promote free exchange of culture. When we eliminate the feeling of "us vs them", believer vs non-believer, west vs east, I believe most kind of nation wide violence disappear. The easiest way to do so is to allow music, video and communities to be shared. I think we can be rather sure that few if any of the religious lunatics that participated in the attack was part of the EVE community. Had one been in it, its likely he would had thought "Wait I know who works in that building, he is good person. lets go somewhere else.". Do you really believe that anyone who is not exactly like you or do not believe exactly like you do should be killed? I guess this follow the "anyone who isn't us are them" attitude. Them, the wrong people, and us, the right people. The right people who is white, christian, catholic, no wait Protestant, capitalist, West, Aryan and rich. The wrong people who is black, red, non-christian, Protestant, no wait catholic, communist, east, non-Aryan or poor. This is not a war of cultures. Neither would such a war preserve Enlightenment values. Enlightenment require us to use reason rather than tradition or faith to handle the situation. It is unreasonable to act intolerant. It is unreasonable to react with violence where diplomacy and peaceful actions can resolve issues. It is unreasonable to react to culture with walls, bared doors, and hostile attitude. Hate speech is/should have a very narrow definition. If we define hate speech as "anything anyone might take offense too", we make the term useless. There is a difference between someone goes around shouting for the extinction of a race, and someone doing bad and amateurish satire. Trying to combine the two, and you are indirectly making the first type more acceptable. Do you think Monty Python films should also be classified as hate speech? There is a difference between making fun of an religion (Islam), and incite violence or prejudicial action against a group who are practicing the religion (Muslims). Expecting people to know and care about DRM, is like expecting people to read and understand the Table of contents in food. The Hambuger seller: 1. A picture of an Hamburger $4 2.Sale, with just a tiny bit of arsnic in it, $8. Sale, Arsnic free, for maybe $12. With this hypothetical Humburger product, most people will still pick option 2, not thinking about reading the table of content or understanding the effect arsnic has on the body (maybe they do not know what the word arsnic mean). They will look at the price and pick the cheaper one of two semi-looking identical products. The way to get food arsnic free is not about teaching the average man what arsnic is, what its effects are on the human body, and that they might prefer the arsnic free food. That its their responsibility, and noone else, to identify food that are arsnic free. DRM is by its definition a program, created to disrupt computer operation and gain access to private computer systems. This is an identical definition to that of malware. That DRM is indistinguishable from Rootkits should make it obvious to society as a sign that DRM is harmful. DRM should thus be illegal in commercial sold products, identical to the food industry regulation. Consumers are protected from food that is directly harmful (like arsnic sprinkled hamburgers). If a program is written to be directly harmful, it too should be illegal to sell. If the goal of the program is to disrupt computer operation and gain access to private computer systems, it should not matter if a song is attached to it. The amplification is by asking the misconfigured resolver about a DNSSEC zone. Basically, DNSSEC just mean you do not need to search the for a large zone to request. Given that large zones are not directly in shot supply, and that searching for them is (in the age of ipv4) rather easy, I wonder if DNSSEC actually have any affect on the issue what so ever. One can still have a public accessible resolver, so long it is TCP-only. Amplification requires UDP spoofing. "did you know" section do not automatically collecting new articles. Any article listed has first been through the processes of a user summarizing it in once sentence, submitting it for review, and then have it accepted. All communities require skill of an user who wish to make a new contribution. Suggest an article to hacker news. If the title does not pass spell check, is inconsistent, or is of unreasonable length, it will be rejected by the community. An title out of "style" will not be as successful as one in style with the community. Suggest a patch to an open source project. If the code is not bug free, documented, and readable, it will be rejected. Report a software bug. Writing a bug report that will be taken serious is almost an art. Suggest a answer/question to stackexhange board. If the text is not readable, spam free, or on topic, it will be rejected. Each community has a unique set of requirements for new contributions. It often takes different skill sets to successful contribute in a meaningful way. Most if not all communities suggest new users to first read and observe before making new contribution. Many forums makes this specific point in FAQ's and user guides. Wikipedia's requirement on new article is harsh, but I would still put them as less harsh than adding a patch to a open source program or writing a bug report. The jury did find Samsung guilty of diluting the trade dress, but their reasoning was this: If the phone has space between the edge of the screen and the edge of the phone, then a consumer could be confused into thinking it is an iphone. Thats it. That was the test. If you have some space at the bottom of the phone thats not part of the screen, go to jail and dont pass go. Samsungs argument is that the space is functional, ie, serve a functional purpose, and thus make the bazel invalid as a trade dress for the iphone. Requirement for being granted trade dress is that it does not serve a utility or function outside of creating recognition in the consumer’s mind. Take a stop sign and its color red. Can the color red become trade dress for signs? The answer is no, as the color serves a second purpose, which is that red is associated with danger/attention required information. Since the color now has a function, it can not be trade dress. When dealing with C and error handling, I have rather simple rule. If in the process of writing a simple program (+1k lines), and you did not find a bug in the libc documentation, then you are not looking hard enough at return values. I do not have the same rule for python. I would guess that most (99%) of C programmers are lazy or has an rapid programming style then. Its a rare thing to see C source code that even do the simple thing like wrapping every write/read/print call with a loop that detects eintr. In my years of programming, I have yet to stumble on a other programer who even knows that one should be doing this. Looking at c libraries and their example code, almost every time, the example lacks error handling. Its almost like people avoid doing error checking in C code because of the cumbersome amount needed to be done in order to check each and every time. If an example code would include error checking, the number of lines can easy increase 3-4 times the original size. Same goes for Sweden with their totally non-corrupt investigator who just happen to get a high paying job from one of the parties days after the case. Society really need to stop treating illegal activities different just because it's an company and not an individual who performed them. If an individual, say the boyfriend of someone lent his computer to his girlfriend with those programs, he would be prosecuted in almost every modern country in the world. If he would use that information for monetary gain (like selling the pictures), he would likely end up in jail. If an individual would apply the exact same program on an open proxy or on usb-keys dropped at a parking lot, he would be prosecuted under hacking laws and likely end up in jail for several years, especially if he earned money from it. I guess the problem crackers and blackhats have with the law today is that they aren't companies. They should really form a company front for their activities, and hide any stealing of private information as "data mining for advertising" which they just happen to sell at highest price in auctions to "email-advertising" companies in China/Russia/Nigeria. Any images could be sold too, like to magazines/porn studios as any user "uploaded" files are company property as by the EULA. If they ever get caught, they can just say "oops, sorry", close down, create a new a new company, and go on with business as usual. Intent is always tricky, but the answer from the company is always the same, ie, they wanted to make money. Malicious Actions and morally objectionable actions is not synonymous. Many companies has acted illegal and morally wrong (one might even say evil), but their intent is always the same. Even when they do illegal acts like Enron did, the answer would be the same: They too only wanted to earn money. Thus there is no malicious companies, only companies who's acts are morally wrong. Thus when judging companies, intent can not be assessed in the same way as when judging people. What would I do if I worked there? Apologize and compensate the customer for the wrongful actions that has been performed. Actions, not intent is the available defense for a company. If an company perform illegal acts and do not take responsibility for it, then the leaders of said company should face legal penalty like jail and fines. That test is unlikely to happen. regular folks do not put their life savings into currencies or commodities. They put their life savings into banks. A saving account in a bank does not contain a heap of cash or gold nuggets. Instead its an trust relationship between the bank and the bank customer, like a contract. I would guess that in "the future", the name of currencies will become less likely to end up in the mindset of the general public. All they know is that a specific thing (a computer, a car, and so on) will cost X amount of what they have in the bank. I guess it depend on where on the planet one is (or maybe its on the not-the-usa-planet). I am not sure banks where I live even have anything called 401k plans. They do have stocks and bonds, but its not something commonly talked about. pension savings are done mostly through tax but in rare occasions, addition money is added by the place you work from. In very extreme rare occasions, people sometimes add personal savings to it. The keyword is lockdown. I am all for giving hate to flash. It is commonly found vulnerable. It produce slow websites which eats memory and cpu. It has poor history in non-windows systems. But in all, I have serious doubt this call was made for any reason beyond pushing users to their app-store. games? online experience? chat? By forbidding flash, companies are bit more forced to turn to apps with their products. Sure, things can still use javascript, html5 and web-sockets, but I would not trust web-sockets to be left alone if they seriously would start to threaten the app world. Maybe I am just cynical, but follow the money argument looks to support it. I would indeed be surprised if they had written "Any commercial competing products to anything in our app-store will also be rejected". It would just surprise me more that removing a large portion of the competition did not add into the decision. While not released yet, the concept of walled garden and app-stores holds a very existent entrenched position in the commercial mind. I too believe MS need open standards and a thriving crossplatform ecosystem, but I hear more "lets emulate Apple" than I hear "lets emulate linux". I am cynical. I believe MS want to copy what ever method is currently earning any other software company most money in the shortest term. App-stores keep being portrayed as the one great place where money is earned on software. Like many, I am also tired beyond reason of the word "app". I still see ads in the street that talk about "get our app!" as it would be completely different to say "Buy our software". Sooner or later, that bubble will burst, but until it does, I will doubt the motives of any move that cut of competitor in favor of an app-store which one single entity control. Chrome efforts are without doubts to tackle the security concerns of flash, and in that I wish them all the best. Its interesting that the tech industry has so high number of people that learned the basic work skills at a very low age. Very few other professions has this. A plumber did not go around fixing pipes at age 10. A medic, while they might have played doctor, do not really learn any of the basic skills until hitting university education. The lawyer when he was 10 is unlikely to be reading law documents. Beyond maybe the mechanic profession, what other professions beyond IT has this property? The costs are also very difficult to determine, where $1 sounds a bit high to me. Lets try to do some random estimates for a random game: 30% of the users wont touch the game whatsoever, and will just have it on their "list". Of the buyers, 0.5% will require some sort of support effort in relation , where 65% are handled by the auto-response and 30% by the first email by an employe. Say a total of 5,000 downloads are from this "free" coupon for any specific game title. Would $500 or $5000 sound closers to the actually hosting/support cost that the publisher has. If they bank does not have a two token security system, its is not secure. A single password should never, ever, anywhere, be enough to legally prove identity or validate a bank transfer. Now a political debate hopefully starts around the subject of extraditions from the UK. Hopefully, things like this, the Assange extradition, and other high publicity cases will put some political pressure on the process, and improves them. The court made the same decision in both cases. Home Secretary did not make any decision (in favor or against) Assange extradition: Who in the political branches in the UK has the power to overrule the court in regard to Assange. Interesting to hear that even government voices is critical to the view to have a mutually respect for every other countries laws. In the end, I think it will fall on the dns system to decide if the site will survive or not. Currently, most TLD's just redirect any request of censoring by saying "go where the server is and solve the issue at the source". When that is no longer an option, the political pressure will increase. Hopefully, TLD's like .se will stand fast and refuse to use the DNS system for censoring. Even if they find them all, they would have to have a system that automatically finds them when they reappear. Imagine trying to detect copyrighted songs from Youtube if users could upload code bundled with the videos and load balance requests. I will assume fingerprints of detected instances will travel between cloud provides, and that pirate bay will then add code to prevent that. I suspect that it is easier to teach people tor than to teach them how to change the host file. Not that we need to, there are plenty of anti-censor browser plugins nowdays. The Debian OpenSSL example is a really bad example and does not prove or disprove anything. It certainly does not prove that secret security is somehow equal or better than open. I can give any number of examples of bad medicine, which even if their ingredients are well publicized, documented and reviewed, they still performed badly. In what way would that prove that secret sauce medicine is equal or even more safe to use? I would never trust any medicine claiming secret sauce. Any security can fail, but if you can't review it, the security is never trustworthy. Never. Not once! You might trust the company/producers of it, but the same goes for medicine. I might trust a doctor to give me a pill without telling me what's in it, but somehow I would not trust the same doctor if he refused to tell me what's in it. Medicine requires a very high trust level because they can cause bodily harm. We don't trust secret sauce medicine. If you need to put the same, or even higher trust in a piece of software, why would you trust secret sauce software? Sure, that oil which was created from snakes might cure cancer, fix your infected wound, and solve any other ills you got. It might also do nothing and thus you die. Sure, that software might protect you from an oppressive state, hide you from mobsters with hitmen, or protect the witness. It might also do nothing and thus you die. Sure, you personally might not be able to review medicine or software, but knowing that someone can review it will make you feel safer. It also helps to know that as soon someone does find a bug in medicine or open software, everyone can identify what things are affected by it. With secret sauce, who knows whatever else might include a copy of it if they refuse to disclose it. It is impossible to achieve trust in a tool, if process and function is kept intentionally hidden away, and your life is in the balance. Knowing that medicine is openly reviewable create a trust level that secret sauce never can achieve. Knowing that airplane/train/building architect plans are openly accessible creates a trust level that secret sauce never can achieve. scrutinized security can sometimes help, but, again, would you trust secret sauce medicine just because 100 000 other people has done so and to your knowledge, no one died? Unavailability of source code is a show stopper if you need to bet your life on the chance that it will perform correctly. Everything else is blind faith, and while its true that some people will accept blind faith over "real trustworthyness", those same people also form sects who refuse medicine and trust that a miracle will magically wand cancer away. Security might be a process, but it require an process that gives the person on the receiving end a mean to assess trust. Secret sauce is inherit impossible to do so. Historical information (like the windows example) helps, but in the end, it is just a black box with oil in it that says "made from snakes - cures everything". So far, it has in some cases worked, and in other not, and several times the sauce has been announced as "improved" with new versions. Still, would you prefer to bet your life on it, or on a open disclosed medicine which might actually have been reviewed by a third-party? Which one is more trustworthy? Are those customers free to report security bugs or are they forbidden by EULA and NDA's? What defines as "instructions"? Most products has instruction manuals. Most companies has instruction manuals for new employes. Written instructions are not that uncommon. I wonder the same thing. Old content is also unlikely to end up being re-encoded to a size above 1080p. Old TV-shows are already having problems getting to 720p, and shows like star trek has to re-render things to get up to 1080, and shows like babylon 5 has yet to make it to the 720p mark. Get a VPN. ISP's have not been neutral third-party for a long time, and monitoring has become a revenue source. While political pressure can in the long run fix the problem, vpn's are one of the few options left. It's worse, you forgot to add that media companies also get free (and to some degree directed) advertising for each notice. ISP and media company both profit for sending en-mass those notices, and the party who has to bear the costs is the customer. Permission to launch a simple balloon with a camera. I mean it sound so simple, but then you might also be required to seek permission for filming if its done over a residential area. Add that with radio regulations if you are using any kind of receiver, and there might be 3 or more agencies one would need to get permissions for a simple launch. The 'blanket' permission groups like UKHAS is however nice (if one live in the UK), and there is a loot to learn by the people there. That said, ignoring the regulations is sometimes a viable option. I was referring to the 2 main sites in Cambridgeshire which the website talked about, as it says you won't need to get your own permission for launching. As for risk to air crafts, I would love to see some numbers. Whats the historical reason behind allowing max 2m sized balloons with a weight of 2kg, but an unmanned aircraft with the wingspan of 3m is totally fine (so long its under 20kg). What's the risk/effects of a balloon hitting a aircraft, and is it larger than say, the risk one has from meteors? I am all for regulations when it regulates a industry or when someone is pushing the boundaries on what is safe (like dropping a car Mythbuster style). However, the current regulations looks to me at least as a bit random and inconsistent (and ... dated). Radio interference. wow, that's an old concept :). I suppose the FCC is undergoing some renewing and is slowly releasing frequencies and lowering the margins between them. The technology of handling radio interference has advanced quite a bit since the ww2/cold war where so much of the radio regulations was created, and the regulation is slowly moving forward. Know perfectly well that I will upset every licensed amateur radio operator out there, but my advice is still to take that regulation with a pinch of salt. I guess it all depend on the details of what one do, the effect the law might have, and how much common sense one apply. What the guy did however does not sound as something that should require government permission. No. Well dressed and much more groomed people has warned about obvious threat in similar areas, and has also been equally ignored. Its the problem of the frog and the slowly heating pot. The changes a just slow enough that one can get used to the abuse. It will get worse. There is a ton of stuff companies could be doing to increase revenue by abusing their customers. When companies can view sold units as "theirs" to control, there is little limit. Car manufacturers really are the next area where I expect to see some heavy changes really soon. Insurance companies really want data, and the manufactures can easy supply it like how fast someone drives, and where they go. In Sweden, this already almost happen in the form of an "voluntary" app. Driving in privacy mode will soon include a heavty cost depending on which insurance company you buy from. On the monopolistic side, there is nothing really stopping car manufacturers to put DRM into the gas tank, so to only "approved" gas sellers (those that pay the car manufacture) that has the right to sell gas. DRM is already in place for parts, so its not that a big step. You can not give explicit permissions in a ToS, and most importantly, you can not refuse or give away rights given by the law to protect the consumer. Both has declared so by the court in both US and EU. Every single time I have seen a court rule, and the defending company is holding up the ToS as their defense, the company has lost. Every. Single. Time. The only real difference, is that most courts do not give out punitive damages. I guess, writing in a ToS that you are going to break into folks houses and steal their books are somehow less criminal than if you did it without saying anything. There is a other website that give away $100k worth of tools to new businesses. Its called Debian. O wait, maybe that's $1000k worth of tools. Or is it $10000k? (Maybe they should describe what the tools does and not do a "less-than-useful" money comparison) The reason a lot of the technology crowd is against Apple is that Apple get incorrectly attributed as innovators. For those that actually work at the innovative frontier of the software industry, seeing the wrong company getting credit for other peoples hard work is infuriating. One do not see the design crowd being angry at Apple. Those that work with design, tend to agree that apple is innovative in the area of design and user interaction. In the area of design, apple is correct to be attributed for being innovative and thus little hate. But technology wise, apple has brought forth close to nothing in innovation, and has brought forth a bunch of obvious patent instead. Added, they lock down devices so to almost taunt those that want to innovate. Thus, As an technology developer on the market, Apple is a horrible company. The only positive thing Apple has given to technology developers has been the marketing power, which has opened up monetization for areas like smartphones and other handheld devices. Where to begin... No, they are not raising the price in Philippines to $100 and loose the whole Philippine market. That bad economics 101, and bad business. What publishers will do is to have a select few articles with low price to be targeted for the Philippines market, and then use product differentials to push for higher cost products in the US. If you want to see a clear example of this, look at the car market. The DVD collection from Amazon might be safe, might be unsafe. If your purchase produce tax revenue for somewhere in the USA, sure, it should be safe. Given how evasive some companies has been in regard to purchase location and taxes, it might be fully possible that those films was actually bought from a location at a tax heaven. But more importantly, products bought in ebay is NOT located in the US. Any such product is likely to be unlawful. If the product include any form of software, art, or design, then that is copyrighted and you need to get permission from the copyright owner to import it to the US. Last, cars. Cars and trucks are commonly sold on the international market, often through resellers. They might be produce, programmed, and created in Japan, Germany, Sweden, and then bought and directly imported to the US. Now, that importation will require additional permission. Say, you bought 1000 trucks from a reseller in Sweden and imported those to the US. Now all those are illegal. Imagine being a shipping company and suddenly realizing that all your purchased trucks are now illegal. Imagine the cost that can have. This is why this is not about buying 1,000 textbooks at the Philippines price and then sell them in the US at the US price. It is the sudden realization that buying and importing goods can now come back and bite. Is it just me, or is it a bit odd that copyright is used for market control in regards to importation and exportation? I thought most countries used tariffs to produce this effect. If you want to stop people from buying TV's cheap from somewhere, the state add a tax to encourage local production. Is this somehow not enough to stop people from buying books cheap and sell them expensively in the US? Isn't the solution then to just increase the tax? Are there a reason why copyright can do a better job at this, and are there a substantial difference between copyright regulation and tariffs? Tariffs purpose is to allow corporations to have higher prices locally. Both tariffs and copyright regulations are laws created by the government, and both increase how expensive a item is in the country. How are they unrelated? How exactly do you make local prices decrease by making imported goods more expensive? It does not make any sense. If the global market price of a product get artificial higher, one do not lower the local prices. The local prices get increased to match what ever the effective global market price (price + tariff) is. Of course. The purpose of tariffs is neither to increase nor lower the prices of goods. The purpose of tariffs from the government point of view is to increase self-production, value generating, and self-sustainability. But the practical effect of an tariff is a higher priced product for the consumer. In the word of wikipedia: Typical analyses find that tariffs tend to benefit domestic producers and government at the expense of consumers. For areas like DRM and region locking, the answer is quite simple. Actually enforce ownership and property law for consumers. If I buy a car, I should be able to decide what I want to do with it. Where I want to drive. Who I allow in it. Where I want to buy gas. Where I want to repair it. Where I want to buy parts. If I want to sell it. and so on and so on. Once sold, the new owner should have complete control, and all rights should belong to him. If an actor (in this case, the manufacture) can exercise control over the product after its been sold, then the manufacture has illegally taken possession of the product. In this view, disabling "other os" in playstation was an act of sabotage. Deleting books from the kindle was stealing. It really become simple if one would just accept that the owner is the one that should be in full control of his own property. This idea that there are no real concerns about losses of anonymity is to me very odd. Its odd, because its obvious that the information is valuable, and the possibility for abuse is almost unlimited. To point to a few of them, what if, if ever time you drive to fast, your car insurance increased in costs? (already happened in sweden). What if, if ever time you took a job interview, the company order up a complete review of your activities, actions done at party's, ups, downs, relationship, political affiliation, health status, friends and so on? (some do already, some dont't. Mostly US companies. Companies that do reviews exist but few except the military pay's them regularly). What if, every time you bought a beer, your medical insurance company got a notice by the friendly credit company and thus added a dime to the premium? (Some credit companies do sell this information, but its not in real-time yet). What if, at every election, you would have to attach your name to it (thankfully, I have yet to hear about a election like this. I would assume its because the output would be obviously and bad). Anyway, the categorization of the autonomous vehicle as a 'geek toy' is wrong like you say. The opportunities for improving safety, lowering pollution and improving the traffic system is many. As a publishing forum, I agree that a real name policy has little effect. Sadly, I rarely see people use social network sites as a publishing forum, and more like a social space to hang around at. Its like a bar. technically, a bar is for drinking, but if bars only purpose was drinking, few would go there. An other example would be to compare Google+ and BBC opinion section. Both are technically the same thing, an publication forum. But beyond the technical viewpoint, they share nothing in common. If BBC opinion section would have a real name policy, I would not care that much. Can we all just calm down and take a sensible look at the risk. Is for example, the risk of getting hit by a meteor, bigger than say getting legal attention for having an open wifi? Security researcher like Bruce Schneier keeps an open wifi, and he argues this exact point. ( https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/my_open_wirel... ) There are also plenty of solutions if one want to eliminate this "risk". Hook it to Tor, or an VPN solution of your choice, and that will be that. That's it, no more risk, and you can enjoy the safety that one can normally only get from insurance against volcanoes. I never meant you should use tor/vpn on your own traffic, just the open wifi traffic. Funnel all trafic you deem risky (ie, from the unknown public) to tor, and let your own traffic use the non-tor route. Technically, you can do this several ways. You can base it on the source MAC, ipsec authentication, or just have two separate networks (one close, one open). As for the risk. Yes, any activity is a risk. Walking down the street, breathing air, or just talking to someone will invokes a large number of them. Thus, if we dont want to be incapacitated by our own fears, we must evaluate them. Meteor insurance is a joke because of this. While it is a "risk" in the strict sense, its not a risk worth considering or giving any action to. If the risk of open wifi is the same or even less than meteor strikes, why does it deserve any though or considerations? Why is this fear different from people who refuse to leave their home, or refuse to be around people if they dont wear face masks and gloves? Ie, are there a rational reason to avoid open-wifi, or is it just irrational fear. Of course, anyone is allowed to not do something they feel afraid of. But I also feel allowed to point out the folly of irrational fears of risks with less than meteor strike probability. Everyone is entitled to irrational behavior and act disproportional to the actual danger posed. My point, is simply to point out that it is irrational, but for those who are inclined to do so, there are methods to eliminate the risk by technical measures. Agree. The technical methods to implement QoS, dual wifi networks (or tor funneling) is rather hard to do. I would like to see a UPnP program that you install on a server, and then it would autoconfigure the wifi-network if possible. Something like a "one-click and your done" solution. It is very good for people to learn how to use specific tools like grep, ssh, tail and the command line interface in general. That said, together with a course like this, one should, really, really find a real world website/group to support. I have yet to find a shortage of friends, family and hobby groups around me who want someone who can take care of their website/hosting/and so on. Its like learning to cook; there are always someone who want free food. By taking responsibility for a website, one is very much more invested to "get it to work", and learn around 85% of what syadmin really is about. Annoying a judge is a really bad idea. The court system is normally quite free from corruption, but all that goes out off the window when it become personal and political. See the pirate bay court case, or just any of the police brutality cases. If Apple is going all out with lawyers and legal prowness, instead of competiting with products, they need to get better at it. A business goal is to make ever increasing profit, but that does not absolve them from unethical behavior. After all, most mobsters viewed themselves as a company, just out for profit. This is when society should step in. There should be consumer laws (and some countries has those) that protect the consumer in cases of service contracts and natural catastrophes. For example in Sweden, such protection exist which covers both natural catastrophes, and wars (Lightning strikes are excluded). A blogpost at rickfalkvinge.se recently talked about a few of those cases (site down for the moment). In particular, I was referring to the Ian Tomlinson case, but there have been similar events in Sweden and elsewhere. I have yet to hear a police brutality case where an coverup was fully prosecuted to the point where all police officer involved (and who did nothing) was sentenced. It just do not happen. By the time it gets out, it has become personal and political. Stallmans suggestion is a pragmatic way to go forward and stop the current fighting between companies that is ongoing at the courts, and not through competition of products. A clear and strong reform of patent would be preferable, and has been for long the free software foundations strategy. In the case of Bilski v. Kappos, one can read a brief made by the fsf, which rather clearly presents their view. I also strongly promote the idea to watch/read a talk by eben moglen at https://www.softwarefreedom.org/events/2009/Moglen_Cardozo/C... While and rather excellent article on why the IT field is a suitable career, good grief, the sexism politics has really entrenched itself into people mindset. It almost boggles my mind. Here some supposedly sexist snippets from "scenarios you may occasionally find yourself in when working as a girl in tech". Colleague: “So...you are the new designer?" (As if "so...you are the new Foobar" would not be said to any new hire. if I got a new boss, my first word might be "so...you the new boss? hi my name is so and so!". How and in what way would that be sexist remark, and does it matter if the new boss would be female or male? would it matter if the position is boss, developer, designer, sysadmin, or sales?) Useless male developer has written some crappy code that he doesn’t even understand himself anymore. Now he needs to extend it with new features and asks you to do it. (As if female developers get exclusively dumped with fixing bad code. Especially if its a new hire/consultant/out sourced, how does this surprise anyone? its even a saying that "the new guy gets all the work no one else want". Does it matter if its a female or male? so for mega-upvote, the article has some issues. Its better than the normal articles we see, but its not 10 times better. Of course one can assume a sexist intention behind the remark. My question is why? Is it simply because she is a woman and thus we should assume that anything anyone say to her is sexist? Are we really that far gone, and if so, how are we ever going to get work to become a gender neutral environment? Assuming bad faith is not a road to take. Maybe I am too young, work at a too small company, or has too much academia in me, but I have a hard time imagine myself ever trying to guess people work based on gender or skin color. It would be like trying to guess peoples future by looking into their hands. The only person I would suggest being a cleaner, is one with a white apron, a big logo, with large visible name tag, and carrying a mop . That assumption is based on clothing standards at fast food stores, and its still a rather crude assumption. But the comment does not say "you must not be a developer". If the context had included a "the guy in front of me, also a new hire, was greeted as "so...you the new developer", then yes we would have something that might be sexism here. But we do not have that kind of context. We only have a assumed intention on what the person meant by it. If we do such assumptions, we assume bad faith. It could be that they hired a new web developer, also called web designers by many, or designers as short. If a back-end or sysadmin meet someone who is working on the front end, or even on a API structure, its fully plausible to call them "designers", be them male, female, or alien. Simply put, the comment without any additional context to vilify the speaker, is not sexism. With some context, it might be, but in many others, it is not. Assuming good faith is to default at those context that do not mean sexism. For the last 2 years yes. Today, people in general is aware of the bad behavior of Facebook. Just a year ago, if I mentioned that I do not have an account, I was meet with strange looks, like it was something unnatural. Today, I get meet with a "aha, ye, I can understand that" instead. Why are HN linking to advertising? The "article" offer no insight about the books. Having a single page with only images to products, is what I call a ad page full of ads, and are the same style as those I get in the mail. Whats next, a link to a "free coffee at Starbucks this weekend" page? One might "question" the nobility of giving books to students (the blog is named "UK Schools blog"), in which to get any use of, you need to buy proprietary software. If the books includes a copy of SQL server, windows server, Microsoft office or Visual studio, then it might be different, but as it stand, it just advertising masquerading as books, directed at students. If the site had some description (say, reviews) of the books in question, it would be different. Now, it just is images, with titles, and link where to get them. The spam in my mailbox is also just pages with images, which include links and has clearly spelled out titles. I am almost surprised that adblock didn't block the site altogether. There is a implied statement that cetaceans would somehow need to learn English to receive similar protections as people. This is of course a really bad requirement. A lot of people in the world do not know English, and would thus be unable to let anyone know that they will mutually honor some sort of Interspecies Protective Treaty. Mostly, they would be unable to read any such treaty, or reply with the word "yes". First create a requirement that all human being will pass. Then see if cetaceans do pass it. Software patents that are not that easy to side step as mdasen present it to be. the software patent is a patent over an idea, and as ideas goes, 3 button on a phone can mean anything from 3 physical buttons, 2 buttons + touch area, 3 areas on a touch screen marked by a button icon, to 3 vocal commands as "conceptual button". Maybe bounce-back function for over-scrolling is easier to bypass, maybe its not. Reading the actually patent gives no clues however, as it easy could cover the highlight on over-scroll implementation that android has. If valve want to push a new platform, half-life 3 is an excellent flagship product to do so. Maybe this will help the uptake of xmpp. I thought the protocol used a central server for transferring contact information between users. If they shutdown those severs, then pidgin's msn implementation wont do us any good. Most often, people who host these type of sites do it for free because they want to contribute to the community the site serves. I honestly do not know why people are surprised by this. People who play sports (say football) have no issue driving kids to matches. People who goes to bars, sometimes buy a friend a beer. In a internet community of 10-500 people, someone will have the spare 10$ for a domain name, and someone else will have a other spare 10$ for some server space. sometimes, its the same person. Server and domain names are not expensive, and is about the same cost of a few beers. If you spend hundred and hundred of hours on the site, work on the design and add new features to it, spending 20-30$ a month is basically a non-issue (just look at mmorpg players). The problem arrives when those 200 people turn into 200k people, but then, the economy tend to change. Members fees, donations, t-shirts, and sponsorship tend to be the solutions in those situations. If you have a site for classic cars with 200k daily visitors, I doubt you will have a problem finding a sponsor, even if you have a no-ads policy. Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if a car seller would not happily sponsor such community, and then send some nice profession images of "nice looking cars, just by chance available to be bought". Apple never collect information on the users? They don't use that information for advertising? Its not a asset to the company, possible to be sold if economically useful? please remember that as a public company, they are required by law to maximize stock price. Exactly what contributions did Steve Jobs do beyond opening up markets by design and marketing powers? It had a large impact on a number of industries, but your statement implied a multiple of contributions. Writing a program to a closed API is like writing a mod to a online game. At any time, that program can be made useless forever. Of course, if there are multiple implementation of the same API, or architecture to swap API's, this would be different. Exception cases exist, but in the general case, one should be careful to lock the programs fate together with the API. When disagreeing, it would benefit if the person who downvote would say what the contributions are instead of silently downvote. Hacker news arent a poll of "do you like Steve Jobs" with simple yes/no, and i am honestly interested to hear what those contributions are. An opinion article is not really an reliable source. Same law says: >directors of a corporation ... are clothed with [the] presumption, which the law accords to them, of being [motivated] in their conduct by a bona fide regard for the interests of the corporation whose affairs the stockholders have committed to their charge what that mean, is up to interpretation, but I thank you for encourage me to read up on it. Its clearly not a clean cut case as I first thought. (better link: http://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/8146/are-u-s-com... ) Isn't the word "despicable human being" just a tiny bit hyperbole and untrue? Has he hurt anyone? killed? imprisoned? injured? threatened? Stalked? preyed upon? or been in general mean to someone? If being of a different opinion and expressing it is enough to be labeled despicable human being, I don't know if I would call that fair. For me, that's like calling Linus an despicable human being for criticizing Gnome 3. It's a really strange use of the word despicable. $0.10 per GB-month of provisioned storage $0.10 per 1 million I/O requests Apply to above comment, and how large do you need to grow until hundreds of $ for a month? even if the cost goes up to 100$, isnt that like 5 beers? Opening up a market is a contribution (singular) to the community, but this is a thin line to call "tremendous contributor". Wallmart was one of the major players in pushing USB drives and 3g modems to the public. Does this mean that Wallmart is a tremendous contributor to USB? In what way has multi-touch been pushed way past what anyone has done in the past? (say, compared to Sears et al work from 1990?) Actually, any of the technologies on that list, in what way were they pushed way past what anyone else was doing in the past? Cornering the music industry (legally) was an achievement indeed, but a tremendous contribution? My thought goes back to Wallmart and any product that they was first to successfully sell. Its useful to reiterate the discussion in case new facts or concept can be brought forth. mostly, I ask the question to confirm (or disprove) my own opinion. If a person states disproven facts, one should always allow the person the back his statements up. So what is the problem they are trying to solve by looking at the boot entry description? If you want to detect malware, I dont think looking up the boot entry description will do it. Malware do not say "I am a malware, press me to be infected!". It is however a excellent way to prevent competition between operative systems. Do you mean there are multiple windows boot loaders, each which a unique description string, and some might need special attention from the UEFI? Is it like, "Windows Boot Manager" and "Windows Server Boot Manager"? Do windows (7/8) have a different description than say windows server, or is there a version number hidden somewhere? It would be fun to read the details of such bug :). Citing a comment made by a lawyer several years ago. First ask oneself what situations you dont want to be in, and then prepare yourself for it. Some people dont want to see their code being used in a context that might hurt a other human being, like spyware hidden inside a video player. Say someone modified VLC to produce a proprietary video player which included functions that spied on the users activities. As a developer, I would feel slightly at unease if I heard a Chinese citizen died because he watched a unpopular video, and the government found out because the program I wrote helped in spying and identifying that user. Of course, that doesn't make producers of LGPL (or BSD/MIT) software evil or uncaring. Its up to each and every developer on how they view their work and its impact on society, and how far one want to go on that. Same goes for work, eating and spending habbits, money investments and so on. Could you explain in a bit more details why you did this move from GPL to LGPL? The blog post did not want to expand on this, and I for one would very much like to hear, from your view, what benefits the project might get from this move. Preferable in practical terms, as "more professional developers around VLC" sound a bit vague and, if that is really the stated goal, will you follow up on this with statistics to show if the license is drawing more professional developers to the project? okey, so beyond AppStore and theirs rules/eula/requirements and so on, the goal is to increase third-party contributions from companies? I would be very interested to see some data on that, say gathered over a year or two. Licenses decision really need more scientific approach, and if the main desire from choosing a license is to attract more third-party contributions, GPL vs LGPL is an interesting situation. Have you seen a change in third-party contributions from companies for the libVLCcore after the license change? Its not the same type of software as the mods, but would still be interesting in this context. Well, GPL do prevent the production of an proprietary video player based on GPL code. Sure, they can produce a video player full of spyware and then give the source of the spyware to their users, but then, that would render that spyware useless as soon a anti-virus got their hand on it. Not to mention, users would avoid the program as the spyware would then be known. Mixing the concepts of functionality and freedom into one concept do not work. If the program has more functionality, but limits the users in way of Intellectual freedom or Liberties, it doesnt make people more "freer to do stuff". What you got is a program with less freedom but more functionality. Two distinct property of the program. Let me make an exmaple. Is a video editing program "very free" if it have every function in the world, best usability, and is perfect in every sense, but as a legal requirement it demands all copyright ownership of any video edited? Is that program more "free" than say VLMC? What if the proprietary did allow the users to retain the copyright, but, only if the video included a ad snippet? What if non-ad included was okey, but the video had to first to go a central censor bureau to check that no kittens was harmed? what if the video instead went to the local copyright bureau to be checked for any copyright infringement? What if it included a hidden water stamp? Freedom is more than functionality. Could you give, or point where one might find more details. How many more lines of code from third-party patches? 2x? 5x? 10x? Hows the quality? Are there more donations? If one take a scientific point of view, whats been the practical changes of how third-party contributions? Those details can be very useful for the community of free and open source software, and when deciding licensing for oneself. The nation-state might consider itself as above the law, but the contracted company who got the job to develop the player might think twice before breaking the law. Or are we so jaded that we think every contracted company to the army, and every sub-contracted company being payed for a job by the NSA/CIA/FBI regularly go around and breaks laws because the think "hu, why not, my boss is the goverment, they wont mind!". Adding ads or sending videos to be accepted by a copyright central are not very far away. Youtube already does this. If the video editing tool was bundled exclusively with youtube (a extreme an absurd concept I know), the examples would be instantly true. So far, I don't know of any video editing tool directly connected to youtube, but then I haven't checked on every video editing tool on iphone and android. I would be surprised if there didnt exist at least one. Hidden watermarks already happen by printer software and some screenshot programs. Some digital cameras also do this. It not a really a big leap to say that a proprietary editing tools would/could auto-include watermarking if there was a business case for it. I would imagine that a photo editing tool bundled with getty or flickr could very easy find a business case to know when a image get posted outside its domain. Actually, there might already exist some photo-editing tools on iphone/android that do this already. Is the design of this animation novel and not obvious for all items , as the requirement for design patent puts it? To me, this patent fails both. Its not novel, as substantially similar (legal term) has existed before in animated film. Its neither non-obvious for all items, ie, its a obvious way to illustrate a turning of a page for any application that want to illustrate a turning of a page. Design patents are only granted if the design is novel and not obvious for all items. Utility patent must be novel, non-obvious, and be useful (legal defined term). Both has requirements that must be fulfilled. non-novel and obvious design can not, should not, would not if the patent system worked, be granted as a design patent. Feel free to provide link that show the design patent law has an exception for context (domain) of the article. From what can be read in the actually law, it require the same novelty as utility patent, and this requirement is: An invention will not normally be patentable if: The invention was known to the public before it was "invented" by the individual seeking patent protection; The invention was described in a publication more than one year prior to the filing date; or The invention was used publicly, or offered for sale to the public more than one year prior to the filing date. Was the public unaware of how flipping an page on a touch screen looked like before this "invention" was shown, specially when one consider the significant similar design made in prior published animations? Society would not work if copyright would extend indefinitely. We would not have access to words, math, or the basic stories produced by culture. Imitation is the key aspect of all creative works. As a training exercise, try find a work, any work, be that music, film, paintings or writing, and find one that is 100% original and has no inspiration from previous works. It is impossible, but you could always try. The work of William Shakespeare is well know for copying and incorporating its time cultural classics and stories. So, if someone can make a 100% original, 100% uninfluenced work, I am fine in giving that person indefinite copyright. Do they automatically fixing themes to CMS'es? Updating the engine is one thing, WorPress, CME, and so on, but that only takes care of a tiny portion of the attack vectors. In my experience, if a wordpress or a phpbb forum was hacked, then its the user installed/programmed theme that was the cause and not the engine itself. Could not anti-competitor laws be expanded to also include depended parties? It sound as an logical approach, since anti-competitor laws always discuss market abuse by parties of an monopolistic nature, and the activities against wikileaks looks to match that exactly. The problem is not VISA, MasterCard, and PayPal per say, but their monopolistic statue as payment systems in regard to access to and by end-users. For companies and organizations depended on online revenue like donations or webb-shops, VISA, MasterCard, and PayPal has complete market control over them. Beyond waiting for Rick to give you a direct answer himself, let me give you the standard answer given elsewhere. If piracy, be that software sharing or music or video or painting or anything else that is included in the term information sharing; If that shall be enforced, the laws needed to do so are intrinsic privacy and freedom hostile. You may not have a private data storage utility, because those can be used to share illegal information (Mega upload). You may not have common carry principal, or private communication, because ISP need to prevent the sharing of illegal information (mutiple laws regardin ISP and ISP piracy prevention). You may not have encryption, because those can be used to share illegal information (copyright vs Tor/Freenet discussion). You may not have a open wifi and help a neighbour, because those might be used in the sharing of illegal information (openwifi and IP-address equal a person discussion). You may not have the keys to your own bought phone or knowing what code runs on it, because you might install illegal acquired software (mobile phone drm). You may not remove malware from your computer, because it wont be able to see if you install illegal acquired software (PC drm like sony rootkit). You may not upload video to youtube if you don't agree to it being sent to and scanned by a central copyright body that review the material and have ad's being forcefully included if they want (Youtube policy and practice). You may not provide provide internet connection to a other human being without first spying and recording any traffic sent (data retention and other similar laws) You may not have privacy and freedom at universities, libraries and school, places previous know for freedom of thought and expression, because they pro-active spy and record any actions on the network to protect themselves. (common education constitution practice) Maybe I missed some, as i will will have to think for a bit more. Others might be able to add to the list. All above listed items are current fights or lost fights caused by copyright enforcement laws and practices. Richard stallman has always been eccentric and unwavering in his stand on politics around software. Somehow, people find this odd, wrong, and or bad, and I dont understand it. On basically all political issues, unwavering is a good attribute. Even being an eccentric is better than not caring for the issue. eccentricness is often a key aspect before a change reach a critical mass. Take a random politician opinion about abortion or nuclear power or any other common political subject. Say his/her opinion is "well, some should be able to do it, but then again there are problems so maybe not, and the issue is not one that need to be address today, and the system today do continue to work, and well, legal greyness is not that big of an issue, only for those in the courts...". Clear, direct, and consistent opinion is a good thing. Diplomacy and "meeting half-way" has it places, but in politics, there is also times when it should be clearly avoided. In software politics, there are plenty of people working the diplomatic route. There is no shortage of diplomats, and a few eccentric and unwavering voices is then much more useful to maintain the goals of where we want to actually go without moving the goal in favor of diplomacy. Agree. I used politician to mean a person with views and driving force around political issues, and not specifically a career negotiator. Ultimatist is a good technical term for the role he commonly occupies. Since when did this became normal and accepted in society? Whats next, police pulling candy from babies? or are we just going straight back to whip and flails to handle the dark and evil crime called copyright infringement! This is the definition of insanity. What is wrong with the people that was part of the chain of events that lead to taking a laptop from the hands of an 9 year old girl? I doubt it will ever come to the point where high risk high reward big productions won't happen. It might happen a bit more rarely if the perceived risk goes up, but by doing so, the value of big productions goes up because so few are doing them, and you get a nice circular chain of events. The DRM-free is nice, and they get some large amount of points for doing so. But ads in hacker news, masquerading as an article? Can we keep commercials out please? (interesting to see that people are not contesting that the link/title is an actually an ad, but that people are arguing that ads should exist because they are useful. The role and appropriateness of ads alongside other content looks to be a controversial subject.) Thats what banners/newsletters and ads in TV and radio, and in magazines, and movies, and at ball games... and on buses and milk cartons and t-shirts, and bananas and written on the sky are for. But not in news aggregators, no siree. Are you saying that the goal of hacker news is to post commercial ads with coupons for people to see? Really? that's the goal of this site? I wouldn't mind an article which talked about different books and in that context, which just happened to mentioned that there was a sale going on with 50% off. That would give room of discussion. But this is just a text banner ad with a open comment field. If it had been a real banner, positioned at the right side of the screen, I would not complain as it would be clear that its an ad and not ordinary content. I would even consider a small disclaimer tag in the title ([hacker news commercial] to be fair, but to actually be listed as any other news article? I dont think they paied for it, and I dont dislike O'Reilly. They didnt do anything here beyond having a sale and selling non-drm products. Like I initially said, they get major points for this. I only pointed out that this is an ad promoting a sale. No one seams to contest that. What people seems to have an issue with is the claim that ads should not sit alongside other articles. It would be interesting to hear why having a ad promoting a sale posted in a news aggregate is a good thing, or why in this case we should have an exception that sites like amazon or newsegg does not deserve. After all, they too have done 1 day's sales, some very interesting for hackers. Thus, I am failing to find an attribute that this ad differ from all other ads. Does anyone has an insight to what that attribute is? You can not sign away legal protection in a EULA. This is why EULA's normally say's something like "we forbid everything, and leave you with no rights what so ever, except what ever rights the law guaranties that you have". Normally, no one goes to jail because companies is not viewed to have mens rea , ie, an intent to break the law. The company only want to earn money and safe guard their revenues. The only option left if you ask the police/state, is to make a civil case out of it and sue the company. Sadly, civil court has rarely any effect on the market, which can clearly be seen by the sony rootkit controversy. The EU might enforce some industry regulations in regard to backdoors/spyware, but I would not count on it. To enforce such regulations, they would need to prevent importation of devices that break said law, and that's a rather large step to take politically. If pushing a new website to the webserver is the best argument of WAMP over LAMP, it sounds a bit odd. Pushing a new simplistic website to a LAMP (default one click installed), has as much difficulty as pushing files to a directory (/var/www). Even if Visual Studio gives a one-button-system, I would still not call that a killer feature over placing files in a directory. When one pick between WAMP and LAMP, the question one should ask is if a) what framework matches best with the developers skill/knowledge and what features the site is going to have, b) what performance requirements are there, and c) what legacy code will have to run along side. Everything else is just buzz. There is an alternative, one can create a IPv6 only service, as tunnels with static IP are commonly free. Of course there is the downside that no one except those very few people that has ipv6 will be able to use that service, but it is free and it can be a very useful way to access a computer behind nat. If the e-book is being sold in the same way and marketed as a physical book but on a digital media, always accessible, they yes, we can indeed demand the right to have access to it. If however, in the very unlikely scenario, they market those books as temporarily rented products, and clearly informed the consumer of this fact (to the point of informed decision, by legal definition), then the customer can only expect what was informed at the time of purchase. By the sound of the article, this is not the case however. If the company had been located in the EU, they would be in violation of a number of consumer protection laws. Making private complete copies is legal in most countries, in particular European ones. Private copying levy stems from this concept. Photocopy an entire book for private use only is thus perfectly legal if you are in one of those countries which allows it. I guess someone wanted to buy 6 stocks, pressed wrong and made -6, and the program did not have any data checks and sent it to the market. But what does it actually mean compared to other game companies? Looking at valve and blizzard, both has had a long standing style of only releasing a game once its is "done", no matter the years that has passed since the first estimated release date. And maybe this is wrong and the future of game development will shed those tendencies. Looking historically on game development, rushing a product out of the door to meet a release date has rarely produced a good game (anyone heard of E.T?). So the question might be, what alternative do we have between rushing a product for relase date, and waiting until it is "done", which might mean fifteen years to find out that the game is rather crappy (duke nukem forever). We can also look at development processes like Debian, and compare a static release schedule with a dynamic one. Thats the issue that arrives when return of investment is a copy of a game and not stock options. If one treat kickstarter as an investment, then there is not much of a difference. There is discussion to create a global EU levy, but I didn't know UK did not already have it. To my knowledge, France, UK, Holland, Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Finland and Norway has it, as well some of the baltic states. >Accessing your Gmail through Tor and thinking that makes you "anonymous" is just going to tell everyone that you failed at being sneaky. Thats a great slogan for a T-shirt :). Oki, for a bit more seriousness... One could in theory create an account on google through tor, verify the account with a burn phone, and be rather unidentifiable. Its just kind of costly, so just bad guys with anonymous cash that can do this and not journalists. >An ISP is a legal entity that has a certain relationship with its customers. This includes identity and at least some form of monitoring (logging and cooperation with authorities). This a truth that is really bad for society, and goes against every form of common carrier principles made over the last few hundred years (ever since the postal service started). Is't it a bit odd that as soon humanity was able to identify and monitor everyone, it suddenly became the moral obligation to do so? There are two type of arguments/answers to this question. One is morally, and one is practical, and since we are all very practical people, I will start with that. If the goal is to minimize the number of abused children, the methods used should follow a cost benefit analyze to use the finite resources of cash, work hours, and political focus. If a method A, lets call this a child porn blacklist and obligated recording and data mining of every person data traffic to enforce a data ban on child pornography gives say 5% deterrent of abuses for $100 billions, and method B), that educate teachers to see signs of abuse and have mandatory counsel at hand in schools and daycare for a cost of say $10 billions and that has a reduction of abuse cases of around 25%, the choice should be obvious where the money, work and political focus should go. While police and ISP still could do a token effort if they stumble onto something, that effort must not produce less result than if the time and money went to educating the teachers and counsels. In a practical sense, education is just one of the more obvious thing one can do. Statistics show that somewhere of 95-99% something of cases does not involve a camera, and the people most likely to abuse kids are someone in the kids family. Using that data, and data on how little effective chasing child porn has to reduce future abuses, we should do better in the methods being applied to reduce child abuse. But that's the practical argument. what about the moral one. Here I point slightly towards a suggested mandatory medical examination of children, a law that has got shot down every single time it has been suggested. but is that law more morally wrong than recoding every single word anyone ever say for indefinite time? its clearly a very much more effective approach to have regular medical examination, and if we are already throwing out moral objections to being recorded all the time, this should not be a big issue? that surveillance has a clear and scientific proven negative effect on society, democracy and science, should also be clearly weight in. As I see it, current politics are applying ineffective, expensive and morally outrightous methods to deter child abuse, while obvious and effective methods goes unused. At the same time, the ineffective methods are doing long term damage to societies base values. Looking at current web-services, or private gaming, more CPU is indeed needed. Take a game like guild wars 2 and their pvp where in a screen's line of sight, you have somewhere of 300 players all using some form of animated actions with projectiles and particles and other fluff. CPU is indeed in need there, through the bottle neck could well be their utilization of the cpu cores. Games are always pushing for more, and cpu usages has not exactly slowed down. On the web-services side, if you don't go cloudy with clouds, you still want to have a large cpu resource for scaling. Each customer only has a limited amount of QoS high priority traffic. If someone flags every packet with high priority, all the QoS mean is that the first packages get improved priority and everything else get default low priority. That mean a customers software can balance the use of QoS for time sensitive traffic, and maybe even flag some data as below default to get bonus high priority traffic points. If its the software that runs on the consumers device that decide priority, the software developer can pick the exact needed QoS his program or service need. The bonus effect here is that if the QoS fail and the program breaks, its the software developer that are liable and not the ISP. Currently, if a ISP QoS software breaks, the ISP is actually quite open for lawsuits from both the user and the service that get effected. Or turn of your internet connection while playing. Put a stateful table in there, and there is no problem identify most inbound traffic as high priority if the receiver first initiate the communication with high priority set. There is a bit of issues with mutli-path routing, but its a rare issue that could likely be ignored as non-QoS worthy packages. Of course, that only work inside one ISP and its customers, or between ISP which agree to respect each other limited use of QoS, both this approach would not fall for the tragedy of the commons. So long the end-user who initiate the traffic ends up deciding what priority is needed, limited use of QoS could help solve problem of voip vs bittorent. Eben Moglen has also made several good talks about the abolishment of privacy, and its effects. I would especially suggest listening to the Berlin talk made this year called "Why Freedom of Thought Requires Free Media and Why Free Media Require Free Technology". The problem with one-time pads, is that they require a password with the same length as the data you want to encrypt. That mean, if you don't pre-distrubute the key as well, you are in the same boat as if you don't distribute anything at all. To give everyone the one-time pad key, its the same trouble as sending the actually data unencrypted to everyone. As a threat value, pre-releasing xor'ed data has exactly zero value. One could suggest that he could use something semi-random but well published information instead of random generated blob for a one-time pad. Earth rotational speed, stock market numbers, intensity of the sun radiation comes to mind. In that case, the password would be the exact dates to take data from, something that could be spread faster than gigs of data. The problem with this is, as soon people start to use it, people would start testing those data to decrypt with, and the key-size essentially becomes the size of time ranges of existing data. The Silk Road will be a tiny tiny spot of activity if every startup is forced to the alternative network. If the "open" internet is based on who can pay the most to get a competitive quality of service, anything competing with existing products will be pushed out of that market. Bitcoin and the silk road are not the future, but prototypes of it. It will be interesting to see if they become more than that, but they are showing the way forward if society continues to go down the directions currently being perused. The article lacks details over what type of experience the player had when playing, slightly rendering any conclusions useless until further studies. Playing a computer game can be a spectrum of experiences, some that are very distant related to each other. For example, is the game that the person playing a single player game or multiplayer? strategy or action? The excitement level of doing some EVE trading a few hours before sleep, mining some ore in WoW, playing a tournament in starcraft, discussing politics in a facebook "game", playing a puzzle game like portal, playing an unforgiving game like nethack (and dieing), playing an fast reaction game like insert last released fps game here , are all, all, very different in the amount of excitement received. What I would like to see, is the same study but with a game that’s basically a rather boring experience, but common with gamers. MMO Farming, practice matches vs AI, trading, windows card games and so on. That would allow us to separate the act of playing a video game, from the act of doing something exciting before sleeping. Consistency is not just to avoid confusion and make things easier. Inconsistency is a direct source for irritation and annoyance. Its very easy to see if you give a computer worker a different keyboard setup (that is, other than qwerty or even just a slightly modified version). It drives people nut! The solution should be pretty simple. Apply same damages rules currently used in IP infringement for any false claim that tries to apply ownership over someone else work. So if a false DMCA is made over a news article or review, then who ever did it will have to pay damages as if he took exclusive ownership over the news article, and thus pay what ever the sell price is for complete transfer of copyright. If buying complete exclusive rights to a news article cost say, $1 mil, than that's the damages to be payed. After all, that would just follow the same concept being pursued in court cases by the same companies filing those false DMCA's. Donations does not automatically mean a for-profit venture, nor does it has any affect on the legality of the use of the work in regard to fair use. Fair use in the US, as any legal interpenetration can only be made in a local sense, the fair use in the US has some prior cases where the affect on the market is used to determine if a fair use case is valid or not, but that doesn't require money to change hand. > There are no free lunches, and this is no exception. That encryption requires quite a lot of computation, which isn’t free. No, all my computrons will go to waist! Sillyness aside, if your not paying a hosting provider for CPU cycles, you are not going to be affected by turning on SSL. If you are paying for CPU cycles, optimization of the sites own code is the way to go, like programming the site in C instead of php. Every time I hear people talking about enabling encryption, I hear people talk about performance as if we still had 4k ram, and some single digit MGHz cpu, and that extra overhead of computation will ruin your day. Today, even the embedded devices won't be affected by it. There are edge cases which does still cause problems. SSL servers demanded entropy and embedded device can easy run out of it. Thats not a computation problem per say, but still something to take into consideration if you put a SSL webbserver into a minicam, light bulb or something similar of small size. There is also an issue if you are a supplier of very small single files like an javascript library. HTTPS can sometimes impact caching, and the handshake will increase the size of data initially sent with an average under 5 kB. The handshake will also increase the number of round-trips required. Neither are computations, but still considerations in regard to SSL. But please, for any future discussing about encryption. Can we please stop talking about the computational overhead of encryption. Thats not a computation problem, but an latency issue thanks to the extra round-trips being made (see above about edge cases). Its also only the initial connection, as keep-alive is used to eliminate that particular problem with http and https in equal style. Latency issues are real (ie, non-trivial problems), but they are of the nature where context is everything. If you have a small javascript file, then http instead of https will be a multitude faster. If however, you are running a dynamic site, not on a CDN, and are using some kind of javascript goodies, then the experienced latency for users are going to be complex. Add in some banners with ads, and round-trip might not be that relevant at all in the experience of loading the first page. What i am saying is that if latency is an issue, https is not the first place to go the address it. To compare with a real world example, if I load a local news site (round-trip ping of say 30ms), the extra packages of https won't have any direct affect on latency, and the ad-networks from a continent away will be the biggest crime to latency. That is, if I don't enable javascript, as then the load time of the first page will increase a second or so. There has been some criticism over their rather aggressive use of trademark to fake "patent" their designs after their original design patents had expired. I also heard (so, unverified) that users of 3d-printers has gotten some of that attention. So, great company to work with, great products, but clearly a bit overreaching in the legal department. How evil that makes them... meh, at least they are not trying to patent something that they themselves never created. Still wrong through. Doing some digging, I find it rather hard to find data on the amount of traffic being sent in and out, and internally of the US. The best numbers I could find was from almost 10 years ago, which said around 970Gbit/s. Say it has gone up 100x, and we get a nice round number of 10 TB disk space needed per second. We know, thanks to XCD, that 7523 hard drives per second is created by the storage industry (globally, a total of 650 million drives per year). Say that the average storage space is over the last 5 years, around 500GB. That mean, so long NSA buy's 0.265% of all hard drives produced each year, they will have enough hard drives to record all data transmitted inside the US borders. They would still need to write the data. One obvious way would be to store it on site, and transport the drives to a central place. Drives are not big, but it is a noticeable work, so if people were doing this, there should be more verifiable proof of it. If we include post-storage compression, finding duplicates and any other tricks, the numbers should be able to be lowered by 50-75% or so, and might be enough to send some through the wire and only the overflow through drives loaded onto trucks. One could also ask what 0.265% of the storage industry output is in raw cash. To answer that, my answer is, I dont know :). Based on statistics from tor exit nodes that that has been published, porn surfers is indeed using the most secure type of encryption. Your criticism misses the technical points, either because stallman don’t always explains them, or because he assumes that people who needs the detailed facts will be able to find them out. The back door feature of windows is not that users can receive automatic updates. Automatic updates are great. The problems is that users can not turn it off completely. Even if you disable automatic updates in windows, some updates will still be pushed regardless. Windows has demonstrated this in the past, and said (when asked about it) that they wont use that feature other than when "needed", but that fact that they can do this mean that they can turn it over to who ever, when ever, and for any reason that makes business sense to do so. How does Windows spy on users. Over the time of windows history, users has found out that windows sends back a list over installed programs, encrypted to Microsoft, through I do not remember if they included statistics over usage. Now days, a default installed windows 8 machine will a) inform Microsoft each time you install a new program (to check for malware), and b) each time you visit a website with IE (to check for malware again), and c) your IP address each time you connect to the internet (to check if your internet connection works). You might be able to turn of some of those "features", but honestly, I don't know. In Windows xp, you could not disable the statistics gather of installed programs, as Microsoft said they needed that to improve the experience of windows. Now they turned it to a dual statistics and security feature, so maybe... maybe... There is a difference between having updates, and having updates you can't disable or turn down. Ubuntu has no updates that are forced onto the users after the users disable automatic updates, but Windows does it. Apple? I do not know if apple has ever pushed an update that has ignored the user setting, so I will put that down as a maybe. Iphone, doubtful if apple can't push updates regardless of any user settings. Here are those that I could easiest find. If the slashdot articles are duplicates of any of the two above, then sorry. I just made a quick search for what I remember since 2007, which was a bit back ago :). If someone has a comment by microsoft in regard to any changed behavior in later versions of windows, that would be very interesting to read. http://www.microsoft-watch.com/content/operating_systems/win... http://windowssecrets.com/top-story/microsoft-updates-window... http://tech.slashdot.org/story/07/09/27/1345226/microsoft-st... http://tech.slashdot.org/story/07/09/15/2040259/stealthy-win... http://yro.slashdot.org/story/07/09/13/1259202/microsoft-ins... When measuring waves, is it from top to low, or from middle to top? No one likes to burn bridges, even if they get sued. They could do a "this is how google would look if you go through with this" day, but for now they look to be taking the more safe route with lawyers. 1) Normal search at google takes one sentence, title of the webpage and links them together. To support that service, they have ads. If news take two sentences, how is that totally absurd compared to one, and why is search totally acceptable but news search not? 2) as other has said, public sites are indexed in an opt-out system. Opt-in would not work, and would destroy any form of search system, indexing, yellow pages, and so on. 3) This is not an intellectual property issue. Its a term of use issue if one want to be included in google search. One can not say yes to be included in search, but not if there are ads around. Either you want google to give you service, or you don't. I wish I could get a gemail free from spying, a google search thats anonymous, and free telephone calls without any recording/advertizements, but no. I can't get that from google, because their services to have a price tag. A few Web forums have already started to discuss the updated files, which bear the version number 7.0.6000.381. The only explanation found at Microsoft’s site comes from a user identified as Dean-Dean on a Microsoft Communities forum. In reply to a question, he states: “Windows Update Software 7.0.6000.381 is an update to Windows Update itself. It is an update for both Windows XP and Windows Vista. Unless the update is installed, Windows Update won’t work, at least in terms of searching for further updates. Normal use of Windows Update, in other words, is blocked until this update is installed.” Windows Secrets contributing editor Susan Bradley contacted Microsoft Partner Support about the update and received this short reply: “7.0.6000.381 is a consumer only release that addresses some specific issues found after .374 was released. It will not be available via WSUS [Windows Server Update Services]. A standalone installer and the redist will be available soon, I will keep an eye on it and notify you when it is available.” In what way is this implied to be a bug? A lot of people are pointing out that if you do not like something, don't use it. It's simple enough, and have a "sounds right" tone to it. As an implied statement with this, anyone complaining should just shut up then. This is a rather crazy line of thought once one actually starts to think about it. If I see a poisonous (say rotten) food being sold, I find it almost my duty to inform people. Somehow it's now being argued, that I should stay quiet and vote with my feet/wallet instead? If a company does something clearly distasteful and harmful to others, staying quiet and voting with your feet is not a good idea. This should be obvious to everyone. At best, you are ignoring the problem, and at worst, you are implicitly allowing the situation to continue. If something is harming others, staying quiet or saying that "users should know better and not act like they do" is not the way to go. If the search box was labeled "ask amazon about this", then this would have been a no-brainer and no one would object to this. Its the same as labeling some food-like objects as non-edible. Canonical search however does not do this, and tricks users to send data that they believe is private. Imagine a worker at a company, using this function to search for internal document including a string with company secrets. Whooops, now that data is at Amazon. Imagine a police worker, seaching for email with witness details. whooops, now that data is also sent to Amazon. Imagine a normal person searching for emails that includes their credit card. Whoops, gone gone. And let's not discuss things that private people honestly, truly, do not wish other people know, or for that matter, journalists. This is not fair to the users, and RMS points this out. It might even be illegal in some if not all european countries. At the least it's something to write about and inform users about the risk involved. >"function to search for internal document including a string with company secrets" Ie, that string is now gone. Some people select rather large parts of a document to find other documents with the exact same data in them. If one were to ask Google, I think they would say that they get everyday multiple page documents sent in a single search request. Its a very loaded and picturesque description to use, but is it an wrong description? The goal of book burning is to remove information, private owned books in this case, from the public by destroying them. While one could smash them and disintegrate them through the use of massive force, burning was the practical tool used. If kindle suddenly create a goal of removing information from the public, in this case some private owned books, and goes through this act by destroying the information from private people own devices, doesn't that act align itself perfectly with book burning, through instead of using fire, they used electronic means. Sure, its not something I would like to see on Wikipedia. Its not neutral, and there are better, impartial wording one could use to describe, but is it wrong to use in a blog? Its like with food-like objects, like plastic decorative fruits, pickled decorative food, and small candy like objects. With clear labeling, everything is fine and those objects do fulfill their role. Without clear labels however, they are a risk to people. Pickled decorative food is a special notable case here, in which if it was eaten, is indeed very poisonous. And while I hope, really hope that people will figure it out based on what information they get back from first time using the search box, I somehow doubt the majority of people will realize that the information is actually based on what they themselves wrote in the box and thus someone now has a record of it. A large portion of people dont even figure this out when using search on the Internet. Maybe that's a bit pessimistic, and its only a small fraction of people that do not know that every word they type in Google and Facebook is saved for all eternity. The data I can gather from observing people I see around me however, sadly support the more pessimistic view. Of course its not the primary purpose of the Kindle to destroy information. They have however made it their goal once before in regard to one book. The original blog post could be interpreted as claiming what the kindles main purpose is, but I doubt RMS would defend such interpretation. A one time act, while notable, does not equal primary purpose, and he and everyone else knows that. Women only courses and equality in education don't normally mix well with me. The whole subject is however rather interesting, being a very political subject but also one where experiments and statistics tend to go against common opinion. Okey, this is from a Swedish perspective, as that is the only perspective I got. Anyway, the Swedish state educational overseeing body has made several attempts to improve equality in education, normally marked at getting more women and colored people in white men dominated areas. The biggest attempt, which was started in the 1990s, were a rather simple rule. It said "If a student applying for a class would be a minority in a the class thanks to race or sex, that student shall receive a small bonus in the application". No judgment call was used in the applying of the bonus, but in 2007 it ended, and the primary reason it ended was because the target group (women and colored people) was not in the group actually normally receiving the bonus. Rather, 95% of the time, it was a white male, applying to a class where he would be a minority in. This is actually not that extremely surprising if one consider that 2/3 of the students in Sweden are women. It also not that surprising given that every areas of education except engineering and one form of math (abstract-math past 3rd year university), have women as the dominating group. Classes are rather clustered in women and men density. The state overseeing body for education did suggest after reviewing the program that maybe they should start some men-only courses in areas which are highly dominated by women students. That suggestion however got turn down rather immediately, as it was viewed ludicrously impossible. Maybe there is some pedagogical value of women-only and men-only classes. There clearly are anecdotal evidence on it, and the numbers do tell that men are more willing to attempt entering a woman dominated class, than a women trying to enter a men dominated class. But as a method to get more equality in education and encouraging a 50/50 setup, based on the Swedish attempts I must say it does not work as intended. To reach that goal, I think further studies of what actually work is needed. Something great this academy could do is to create a research study on the effects, with an control group, and maybe even a men-only class to match. The linked article you gave has some good and valid information, but it also include new problems. One is the use of the PTO's statistics to show that (as it say in large red letters), "Most reexamined patents come out with valid claims". The problem is, that those numbers are average out from 1981 to 2012. During that time, there been several patent reforms, changes in patent scope, software patents, supreme court cases, and a radical change in the market of patents. The 11% all claims canceled is a number, but the number doesn't mean much. Ad to that, the nature of this patent (software) and I have seen any number from 11% to 95% to the statistical chance of an software patent having all claims being invalid. In Sweden (The context of which the author talks about this), there are no such licensing agreement but rather praxis. Libraries are for the common good, and as such, they get treated as such. There's one exception, as there is a law requiring a copy to be sent to the main library in Sweden if a book gets published. As for artists and authors, normally they don't go after anyone, be that libraries or the pirate bay. Copyright and publishing organizations however, do go after the pirate bay. They also go after libraries, but through the lobbying route. Audio books has come and gone, drm'ed, limits and so on. Many libraries has totally given up on audio-books, as its a loot of trouble for rather small gain. "If all knowing, all culture, all art, all useful information can be costlessly given to everyone at the same price that it is given to anyone; if everyone can have everything, anywhere, all the time, why is it ever moral to exclude anyone?" - Eben moglen In a comment by Rick Falkvinge in the comment field, he explains this point. Basically, only Swedish authors and translators receive any money at all. Its also not a licensing deal between the copyright owner and the library, but rather a money distribution method, using the statistics of book lending gather by the library to grant money to Swedish authors. Two reasons: Because his goal/usage of said games, and because complete collections like this is very rare. There are many methods to do this. Copyright itself is a privilege granted by the state, and as with any system involving the government, it could be refined to produce better results with less costs. If we want to keep having a system dependent on the state, as which copyright itself is today, we could follow a system of taxes and support artist through grants. It would then follow the same system as with medical research, as tax payers are already paying for that. The majority of medical research are today supported by taxes, and the drug companies would the last people wanting to go pure capitalist system, as that would be billions of less dollars in free R&D. Or we could go with no state involvement at all, in which case music for hire and concerts would become a primary method for artist to put food on the table. You would likely to see more live music, but also less healthy life style (see Troubadour lifestyle). Likely, systems like Flattr and other similar ideas would go large scale to support artist, somewhat like donations to medical research do today. >People who have made a concious decision to support the producer of the content. Pirates are those that proportional spends more money to support artists and producers, than those that do not pirate. Many make very conscious decisions in regard to independent labels, so that money gets funneled to those that need them mostly. As for your comment as a whole, rationalization to explain political motives is as old as politics itself. Worker movement = people who just want more wages and work less. Social reforms = people who want free money. Medical reforms = people who want free medical care. Tax abolition = people want to spend less money on taxes. Green movement = ... Sorry, the argument of rationalization to explain political motives are a horrible bad argument. It's an important question, but I don't know why we need to bunch together childrens purchasing habits, and adults. They are after all quite different markets. I don't think we can ever get back where childrens money, saved over months and months of having a paper route, goes back to pay for culture, art and useful information (programs). There is also a question if its morally right to deny children of culture, art and useful information, on the basis if they can pay for it. Currently, schools are the primary actor in bridging the gap between rich children, and poor ones, but its not a long term solution. For adults, its a complete different question, one which usually ends up on the question of convenience, price and opportunity. Afterall, Wallmart will always sell DVD's and games, even if copyright would go away. They also sell bottled water, and in some places, air. Torrenting and wallmart dvd's do not directly compete for the same market group. In same way, streaming provide a convenience that torrenting do not. Add channels with preselected entertainment, and we are talking about quite different experience between streaming and torrenting. If you are a person who careful select what you want to view before hand, and got time to prepare downloads, and do not impulsive buy DVD's at stands, then yes you might be a person who would rather torrent than buy (and thus get a superior product without drm). On other hand, that kind of person is much more likely to spend money on independent movies, on cinemas and expensive collector boxes with additional items like props and books. Its how medical research money is handled today. Billions of dollars, and it hasn't gone horrible horrible wrong yet has it? There has been several suggested methods on how to measure things like popularity with music, methods that remove any judgment call by some bureaucratic agent by the state. One is to measure a small sample (like with pre-voting polls), an other is to measure repositories, while a third is to only measure current places like radios. All this method need to do is to be better than a state supported monopoly that has managed to give less than 1% of the revenue of copyrighted works. How hard can it possible be to beat that? Lets put ourself in the shoes of a adult worker. S/he just have worked a whole day, drove 30-45m, picked up a pizza, and just now sat down in the couch to see "something". Now lets force that person to decide what they would like to see, and then wait 30m. Even if it was 10m, the question of what to see is as much of an issue as the wait. Tom Waits sounds awful close to John Phillip Sousa testament before the US Congress 1906 if you swap talking machines with songs in commercials. If governments and by extension, courts gets pushed enough, laws about safe harbor means nothing. Laws in general means little in this case. The pirate bay case in Sweden is the best example of this. The by law required impartial police investigator was hired by one of the parties the day after he finished his work. A several order higher paying job. the exact day after he finished his report on the pirate bay. When the police was asked about it, they said it was "common" practice. Later during the trial, the lawyers requested the investigator as witness (to ask about all this), and the investigator refused to return to Sweden when the court agree to the request. This however had no impact whatsoever on the judgment. The court judgment is also hilarious funny to read, as it include some golden nuggets of complete unknown laws, not written in the actually law books (reason being, work towards a law counts too in Europe, not just what is written). For example, if you produce a service, you might get hanged for it even if you produce it with perfect fine intentions. What counts is the primary usage of said service, so if you produce a tool, and the prosecutor claims that the primary usage of that tool is crime, you can go down for it as facilitator of crime (generic). Its facts like this, that really would have me worried if I created a program like nmap. Hopefully, prosecutors won't realize this law actually exist. The "girls can't do math" stereotype is not just wrong, its false in the sense that we should just stop saying it. Its more akin to a bad told myth, brining harm where ever its being retold. The #1 preferred profession from a woman in Sweden is economist, based on yearly polls. If one look at university education, women dominate the class room in every areas of match except one subject (abstract math), and then men only reach above 50% in abstract math after the 3rd year. So the stereotype is not true. Its not true as in, women are as able to handle math as men, but it also not true because women actually work with math more commonly than men in real life. Its not true in any aspect what so ever, so please, please stop spreading the myth. Its only doing harm. If you need to describe a stereotype, take one that's not this one. If your service is protected solely on the concept of safe harbor, that will then only work if you can stay small and unnoticed by the state. As soon your service name pops up in politics, laws like safe harbor will no longer protect you. The pirate bay case is an example of a website, which though safe harbor would protect them in regard to user-uploaded content. They where wrong in that regard. If abstract math is the only "pure" mathematics is open to debate :). On other hand, in 1st, 2th, and 3th year, there are still more women in abstract math classes than men. I do not think any "who is better at what" can be said, beyond the stereotype "women are bad at math" can be explicitly be stated as false. With European Union patent, wonder if Europe will end up the same problem. A special "court" of appeal and a system immune to the European Court of Justice and sound very similar to the US system. Once rolling, there is no stop to the war until there is a winner declared by media. IPython has history search, like bash has bash_history. A simple invaluable feature that bpython do not have. See top post about this being specifically about Swedish statistics. For specifics, it was data reported by the universities themselves, calculated by the overseeing body for education, and published in Swedish news media 2011 last time I saw it. As someone above said, they limited the scope to all consumer computing devices. A car is not a computing device per say, even if it has computer parts. Same goes for power plants, heavy machinery, TV sets and satellite boxes. One could argue that electronic calculator should be included, but I am not sure it would actually change anything. It's the old discussion on how far Safe harbor and common carrier principles should go. Today however, there are many contradicting exceptions, where for example an ISP is seen as liable if their users infringes copyright or breaks any defamation laws, but not spam, scams or network viruses. ISPs also modify and change traffic (Traffic Shaping, DNS hijacking), but are not yet seen as liable when that modification goes wrong and breaks stuff (Traffic Shaping) or puts users at an increased security risk (DNS hijacking). Case in point, the game League of Legends had a large portion of the Swedish gamers cut off for about 2-3 months because of a broken Traffic Shaping rule, which meant that a large portion of users didn't get the service they bought, and Riot Games lost revenue. Sure, the Pirate Party is testing the boundaries in this discussion, either "winning" points for principle if they get ignored or winning media attention if they get sued. But I for one welcome a more detailed look on safe harbor and how liable ISPs should be. If ISPs are forced to be responsible for anything bad going through their network (copyright infringement and spam/scams alike), maybe they will put some more cash into lobbying against being liable. A general general purpose device that can be programmed by the user to perform tasks beyond what was initially designed into the device. This is my view, and not the only definition that exists. But if we want to avoid having to include every item ever produced in the last 10 years or so, the definition of a computer device needs to be slightly limited. Some Teddy bears nowadays has FPGAs in them. If everything from a stuffed toy bear to a 600 ton airplane can be called "a computer", "a computer" loses its meaning. Agree. Aren't this the same books that commonly breaks the license requirement of Wikipedia? In particularly the kindle versions, if they take data from Wikipedia, then the book need to be licensed under CC-ShareAlike license and users could re-distribute copies freely. If not, then the company behind the book is basically doing copyright infringement, in large scale, and for profit. For copying texts from public domain, I find that the written language evolve faster than copyright expires. For example, the Swedish written language has changed so much in the last 100 years that middle aged adults can not understand 80% of the words written in many books which are still under copyright. The return policy of amazon is seven days of the date of purchase in regard to books on the kindle. If one is fetching emails without SSL, does that mean the data is sent in clear text over the wire? In that case, self-signed do provide greater than zero protection in regard to ISP surveillance and other passive attacks. (similar to smtp tls encryption, enabled by default by almost all mail servers, and uses self-signed certificates). Its like looking from the side, at two parties neither suitable to hold the key infrastructure of the internet. The UN would be a horrible caretaker, motivated by censorship, power grabs, and very old business model becoming obsolete and clinging to the government to save it, ie the telecoms industry. The US is almost as horrible caretaker, trying to police the world, spying all the time, and a slightly old and obsolete business model that are clinging to the government to save them, ie the media industry. I doubt any solution will come top-bottom in this case. If we want a change, it must come from distributed network without actors in the middle that control the switches. Mesh networking is hopefully this, but if not, maybe a overlay network could be enough. Reading the original comment made on Slashdot by Mark, I find the following part noticeable: >If your way of seeing the world IS genuinely more productive, effective, efficient, insightful and usable, then you should be confident that you will win in the long term, and folk who dabble in a different way of working will come to realize that you're right eventually A lot of people seems to strongly believe in this, and I find it a very naive way of thinking. The world is a very interconnected, and the FLOSS world is no exception to this. By accepting non-free drivers, more people will be affected by the damage and dangers of non-free drivers. Drivers are run at a permission level higher than any application. With the exception of BIOS code, hardware drivers can perform any stealth action and be verifiable undetectable. Thus, criticize non-free drivers, is not about testing which method is more productive, effective, efficient, insightful and usable. Its about requiring that the user gets the key to the computer. If we want security in ring 3, ring 1-2 can't be code covered in secrecy. If we accept it, then all security must be assumed to have the hardware driver developer at the top of the trust chain. Non-free drivers are not primarily an issue about licences. We already have firmware blobs that do this, ie, printer firmware that add micro dots, and refuses to print images matching a fingerprint database. There also been drivers thats been sold/offered by the hardware manufacture, but that was pre-infected. Razer was one company who had this problem, ( http://countermeasures.trendmicro.eu/razer-downloads-distrib... ), and there have been usb-memory sticks with this problem. This is not something intended by the manufacture, but it shows why the trust put in them is not well placed. As Eben Moglen said in his speech in Berlin. If we don't do something soon, we are going to be living in the age past forgetting. Nothing will ever be forgotten again. Everything one do, everything one say, everything one reads, listen to, or think about is recoded and saved for all eternity. This 5 years the article talk about. Do anyone really believe than in 5 years, they won't extend it further? It will continue to the point in which either everything is stored forever, or push back actually takes away this pandora box from the government. No goverment ever want to be with less information about the population. If they could predict who is a criminal before a crime is committed, social benefits could be rerouted away. If they could predict who is going to become political candidates, they could adjust information flows away or towards that person. If they can predict who is voting for who, they can direct support/anti-support to "encourage" the right result. This is why I am worried about a surveillance state. With a large enough database of population information, and prediction models, democracy will be eroded to the point of destruction. For the claim that NSA/CSS can break RSA 1024, it should be mentioned that the highest public known break of an RSA key is to a RSA 768, and above that, cash prizes has been given up to $175 000, with $75 000 at the RSA 896 point. So if someone think they can put together a FPG'a or graphic cards system for less than $175 000, and that the system then will break RSA 1024, you can earn some "easy" money. Anyway, the real question about the actually security concerning key-size is, how secure is recorded traffic. If the only protection here is the AES-128, than that is the thing to be concerned about. >It's amazing what power we gain in becoming paying customers instead of the product being sold. Since when did customer have any power what so ever in regard to products and services? DRM'infested products, streaming services that throw anti-piracy ads down consumers throat, and other similar things. Paying for a product or service don't mean that a company will suddenly start acting ethical. Goodwill is earned, not given. In what way has Microsoft earned any in the last 20 years or so? Burned bridges don't spontaneous get rebuild just because one don't carry torches anymore. I must also object to call windows 8 a innovative move forward. I have yet to see any evidence to suggest it's anything but a move backward. The question one should ask here is, if one put the same energy to polishing windows 7 and windows 8, who would come out on top in usability, stability and security? My money would be on windows 7. Monopoly is reached, when there is a lack of economic competition to produce the good or service and a lack of viable substitute goods. If the service facebook provides is access and contact between people, any substitute (ie, proof that there is no monopoly) would have to be near the size of facebook to qualify. How many other viable substitutes are there that reach 30% of the population? Any at 20%, 10%, 5%, 1%? face it, facebook has a monopoly right now in regard to a service proving access and contact between people. Comparing Skype with Facebook is comparing apples with oranges. Google plus and Twitter are closer, but a Twitter handle is not drop in replacement for Facebook group. That just leaves Google plus. And Google plus has around 0.5% of the German population as users. 0.5% vs 30%... not a replacement exactly. almost like saying that AOL search is a replacement for Google search. However, I think the ad networks do not agree with that. Odd move. While the Swedish Pirate Party actually supply the site itself with bandwidth, one would think the UK side would dare to maintain a proxy. Will be interesting to see more details on the more precise details of the threats. The no statements, no explanations, part of the story can have rather large effect on the party. That in itself is enough to kill any smaller political party, especially if the politics they are pushing for is more transparency. While I wish users would screen services providers before using them, in reality only a very few people actually do this. And for the few people who actually try to screen services providers, most tend to go against better judgment in favor of convenience. In the end, it tend to be up to the activists and hackers to fix the problem. However, in C language features GCC becomes PostgreSQL and Clang becomes MySQL (Things like nested functions to name one). What kind of products allow users to compile and run custom C code, but would feel constrained by the GPL? Any examples (OSX excluded)? > The US government never expressly condoned WCITLeaks’s activities, but it never expressly condemned them, either. I suspect this will be a common theme by the US government for the next 20 years or so. During the Wikileaks scandals, the US government took an absolutist position in regards to leaks. On other hand, Wikileaks showed how political useful leaks can be, to force peoples hands and to push from a political high-ground. This I think is forcing them to silently support leaks site when its beneficent, but never, ever, publicly announce it or admit any such support. Thus I believe this wikileaks sounding site, pronounced "wicketleaks" was allowed to join the US delegation, but was not expressly condoned or condemned. I find the "rant" and the linked post by Nikos Mavrogiannopoulos sadly missing any direct details over what the actual issues are. From reading it, one could get the idea that all the problem stems from GNU coding standard being archaic and not updated for modern programming. Okey, I am skipping all the rant about FSF not funding software projects to pay developers, or that the GNU brand is not "hot", but both feels a bit silly. The hotness of a brand is transient, and in reality, only a handful number of brands inspires users and developers. I can't see how GNU would be more or less hot than say Gnome, KDE, or apache which each has a large number of projects under them. As for funding, since when did any of those organizations actually fund the projects? They role is provide help in setting up funding systems, help with tax declarations and provide further legal help. Thankfully, the last link in the end ( http://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/529522/854aed3fb6398b79/ ) looks to bring some light of what the actually issues really are: copyright assignments being US only, who the "owner" of a community project is, Nikos' feeling that he aren't getting any tangible benefits from being under the name GNU, and last a request for more transparency in the GNU projects decision process. As for those reasons, there are two I agree with and two I don't. Firstly, Copyright assignments being US only is bad and shows an inflexibility a non-profit foundation should not have. Their role is to help projects, and thus should be as flexible as possible and thus provide equal possibility to assign copyright to US or EU. Second, as for who the owner of a community project is, the answer should stare the developers in the face. It should always be the community (developers and users) that "own" the project and decides its fate. If Nikos' announcement had included a decision by the community (preferable in a transparent manner), it would had been hard for GNU to object. Third, Nikos' feeling that he aren't getting any tangible benefits from GNU are his to have, but legal assistance is something many projects value. If a project has no need for legal assistance, no need for help in creating donation systems, and don't feel a threat about lawsuits against individual developers, then a foundation such as GNU, Apache or other similar organization are not going to give much tangible benefits. Fourth, in regard to more transparency in the GNU projects decision process, I can only agree with Nikos. The corner pillar in a community is transparency, and GNU should be fully aware of this. If there are discontent growing because of an lack of transparency, it should be addressed and fixed with high priority. Is there a place where this complaint is posted? I know about the one time in regard to Werner Koch, and in which a legal problem arrived, and was subsequently fixed, but where FSF did not inform Koch about the fixing. To my understanding, that was a mistake in communication from FSF and was later resolved. Are you trying that old "who is more freeest, GPL/FSF vs apache" thing? Seriously, its getting so old that it start to be a pain to answer it. The world is not so simple that either you have total freedom to do anything, or you have complete locked down control of everything. Some freedom is about maintaining others freedom with the use of restrictions. The most common ones are "you must not kill, you must not steal". Those two are social control, but with the goal and effect of more freedom. That's not poison that kills life, rather that is protection preserving life. Having products, be that a phone, a book reader, or a browser that users buy, this same users will think that they are the owner of it and thus in control. If then by technical means someone else actually has the complete control over the thing, that it is at least morally wrong, if not something that should simply be illegal. To take an example, if my browser suddenly got infected with spyware and disabled ad-block, I would get angry and consider that the people behind said spyware should go to jail. If my browser suddenly got pushed with a remote update which by it's developer decision permanent disabled ad-block, I should be completely accepting of it? If Firefox did this, they would get forked as by MPL. If Firefox was proprietary software, no such thing could happen. A foundation that say clear No to giving the developer control as if they had property owership of my phone, my book reader, my browser, is not a foundation about political, social, and technological control. Its about ensuring political, social, and technological freedom by restricting behavior that would normally be considered illegal and immoral if done outside the domain of IT. Its all code. If a group want a bug tracker system X, and a second group want bug tracker system Y, then build a middle layer system that converts information back and forth from X Y. If the problem is the discussion about loopholes, than why not just create a second mailing list about that topic and leave the other ones open? If you feel uncomfortable with the word, see it as they called the film the "pirated version", with fake legs, parrots, and a eye-patch. Its just a word meaning "80-90% of the population that know how the internet works". Any connotation to ships has been lost to the ages. Given the practice of tax dodging, how many items are really sold in the US by US webstores? Are you sure that all those amazon books are sold "in the US" and not from Ireland or some small island somewhere? That is a general complain which has a general answer. If you let someone do your legal work, it might not be done with the same priority as if you did it yourself. But, general handwaving aside, has there been a case with GNU sed or gnutls in which the legal work was done in a less than satisfactional way? Since both of your links are web services, they are not even comparable to GNU typist, which one can run on ones own computer. Are the webservice accessible when on a bus without internet connectivity? Is it modifiable so one can customize it fit each personal need and requirements? Is it discoverable for a school to certify that the program is teaching correctly? Can it be certified, under legal liability, as to be safe? On all of those, neither of the web services can say Yes on those questions. This is a fact when dealing with webservices. On other hand, GNU Typist can be run even when one is without internet connectivity. It can be customized to fit the exact need of a pupil. It can be verified to teach correctly, and can be certified under legal liability to be safe. It can also be verifiable shown as not storing any logs on who is using the tool. I did go a bit over the top there, and to that Im sorry. My tone was unfriendly and below the expected standards for comments. The OP presented the two webservices as replacement tutor software. Even if one is only showcasing a replacement as "more fun", other aspects of the software still matters. If the only aspect one cares about is how fun the software is, there are plenty of games with no tutoring features at all but which has plenty of funness. Thus a replacement tutor software need to be viewed with all its aspects in mind, including customization and always online requirements. Thus while funness is an important factor when selecting which tutor software to use in education, I in my somewhat humble opinion, consider customization as a vast more important feature. In regard to Ipads, Kindle and Iphone (the three major products mentioned in the comment), FSF has criticized and campaigned against each of them in their campaign defective-by-design. The Windows phones are just a small notice in a long list of criticized products with DRM in them that the owners of the device do not have the keys. Still, the threat of Restricted Boot is a bit different than then ordinary threat from DRM, in that it targets general purpose computers instead of semi-specialized products like phones and e-readers. The ARM move, while not very threatening today, is the foot in the door to push lockdown to more devices than phones and e-readers. It moves the language from talking about devices (a phone, a e-reader, a microwave), to talking about CPU's in computers. While they could have included a link to their existing campaigns against Apple DRM, focusing on one company in each campaign is better than trying to focusing on everyone. But for explaining why Microsoft should stop even if Apple has locked down devices, if a company is dumping oil in the ocean, people are allowed to complain and create a boycott against that company. If the companies defense is "well, other companies dump oil in the ocean too, so why are you picking on us?" the answer is not to say sorry and let them continue. I am slightly concerned that you might have got mixed up different concepts here. One is simplistic design which users with little or no previous experience can still feel comfortable to use on their own. A second is enforced uniformed interface cross multiple application which users feel familiar with (and thus also comfortable with). The third is safety against malware, which is a security concern. The last is market and user incentives. A device without a walled garden can still maintain a simplistic design, encourage a uniformed interface, and maintain a similar security against malware. However, it has a harder time to incentivize software developers to strictly follow the uniformed interface and to always use the official store. Android market place has also less incentives to turn away new software, because developers has an alternative (thus Android app store have incentives to be lenient). For the Iphone app store, there are no alternatives for developers so Apple can be as harsh they want (thus they have incentives to be harsh). Unwalled gardens also has a harder time to discourage users to run unknown software with malware in them. In practice, iphone users are less likely to try run downloaded software from a random internet site (or dl via bittorent), because no legit iphone developer ask them to do it. Android developers however often teaches users to use third-party stores. Thus, a android virus has a much easier time spreading than a Iphone one because on user base are trained to run untrustworthy programs, and one user base is not. Thus a walled garden has two functions. First it maintain a monopoly grasp on a market, to extract tax on each purchase. Second, it provide incentives to developers so they follow a strict uniformed interface, to App store approvers so they will be more strict in judging new software, and to users so they are less inclined to run untrusthworthy software. The first thing should be regulated away. The second thing should be understood when designing unwalled devices so to create the correct incentive for everyone. A rotary knob is so extremly inferior to my old, old, almost 10 year old one which can be programmed with several step. It got 2 row of buttons. one for speed, one for time duration. Add two or more different speeds, and one will start after the other. Simple as can be but very useful feature. The patent system is one of the two laws still in existence that since its creation during the 17th century, it still have not been updated to even 19th century government procedural style. Around the 17th and early 18th century, laws was made to be simple. Process required to be made simple. If you stole a horse, you got the same jail time as every other horse thieves. Taxes was the exact same as for everyone (at least for the poor), and there was no books after books with exceptions, rules, and additional judgement calls needed to be made. Everything everyone needed to know about the government could be read in a rather tiny book, written almost like a novel. But by the late 18th century, governments changed in a radical way in how it worked. Laws got complex. procedures was created to have someone who made a judgement call on goverment actions on however something benefited society or if it did more harm than good. They started to do cost-benefit analysis. One by one, all but two areas (copyright and patent), was changed in how they was issues, and how to balance the public good vs desired benefits. But giving people 20 years government enforced monopolies has so far evaded any form of cost-benefit evaluations. In contrast, it has just been expanded to cover more and more, for a longer time, and for less money. Destroying the patent system completely would force a cost-benefit analysis on the whole system of patents and how to maximalistly create incentives for inventions, without costing society more than it gets. Given that its the government that pay's for and enforces said monopolies, one might consider a cost-benefit analysis on the whole system a something that it should do. By going through all the regulations and requirements, drug companies already receive by the FDA a limited monopoly on top of patents. It should also be said that, around 95% of all medical research around life threatening conditions, and base theory, is already being payed by the government (a total of 1/3 of all medical research across all areas (human and pets)). If patents are so good and needed for the promotion of quality of medicine, why is then the US government today paying for most of it in direct funding, some 26.4 billions? >Often, the same researcher then spins out the company that tries to commercialize the research. It seems to me that you imply that there is some added value from the commercialization. But commercialization does not cause added value in itself. Sometimes, commercialization just mean marketing and profit center. However the real question is, what does commercialization of an already founded and paid invention has to do with patents. Why should research which is paid with tax money (through NIH) be patentable, and how does that benefit society? Well, if you want efficiency, thats were all the factories with generics lives. They use capitalism, that is competition to produce the best product for the lowest price. As for testing (the above comment), thats where FDA approved monopolies comes in. FDA want to incentivize testing and producing of products, even once they fall out of patent protection, so FDA themselves gives out limited timed monopolies after a drug gone through all the testing. Thats a monopoly on top of regular patents for most drugs. FDA don't assume patents to cover the cost beyond the initial research. They consider that more incentives are needed, targeted for testing and producing of products. What prevents generics to do cost analysis, market research, prototype production facilities, scale production and distribution processes, and market building? Isn't those step normal procedures for any commercial venture. To make the car an analogy, when producing a new car, a company need to do cost analysis to weighing materials, product facilities, prototype building. They also need to do market building to push their product in a market already buzzing with competition. They need to care about the distribution processes. They can't patent this, and even if they could, I doubt the car industry would be helped by it. Generics, like any other form of commercial entities do prefer a pre-built market. This is same for everyone else too, as everyone is currently making the same pads, laptops, phones and mp3 players as last "hit product". This however doesn't mean that there aren't any new companies trying new things. Same goes for generics. The "putting a product into the market" is't someting patents are needed or even suggested to cover. Its the cost of the invention that is covered by the patents. Patents cover the cost of inventing. The FDA granted monopoly covers the testing. Everything else rest onto the commercial entity to resolve. This is the order of things, through patents are so far not covering the cost of the invention, as that is taken care by tax dollars distributed to research by NIH. Thus the logical thing to do is to either cut the budget of NIH and let "patents" take care of the inventing (as intended), or reconsider patents as funding for inventions. There will always be some who want to keep a broken system around if they can earn revenue from it. If money can be extracted, you can never get an complete 100% unanimous vote in fixing the system. For people who owns land, some do not like regulations that forbid dumping toxins into it. But most societies know that forbidding the dumping of toxins are preferable over allowing it because of the ecological damage the toxins causes to society. Patents causes an ecological damage to the software community. It might be profitable for a few, but for society as a whole it is a net loss. So long the cost-benefit analyze shows that, patents should have no place in software. Considering that patents are granted monopolies given by the government and enforced by the state, if society can't get more from software patents than it cost, society should not be in the businesses of granting said patents. > R&D into new computer algorithms is a non-trivial investment, frequently requiring years and millions of dollars. There is a strong opinion among computer researchers that pure algorithms are indistinguishable from math, and thus should be unpatentable. The math guy doing research on sound waves might be slightly annoyed when he gets denied a patent, but the guy working "on a computer" with the exact same math, doing the exact same research, gets a patent because he described the math "on a computer". Of course, we could just start letting math also be patentable, because it too requires non-trivial investment, frequently requiring many many years and millions of dollars. That is, if the work behind something alone is enough to qualify for patentability. I see the article mostly talking about the actions of those involved in the case and not the defendants. The actions performed, for example by Jim Keyzer, is criminal. The actions of the defendants, however one feel about it, doesn't excuse criminal conducts by people employed by the justice department. However, I will try to answer the question on why creating an indexing site called the piate bay should not be illegal. 1) A crime need to first have happened, and then linked to an individual before prosecution. Its the basic idea of all justice system, and without it, justice don't work. You end up with "justice" that say "well, you are the son of So and So, and thus you are going to commit a crime sooner or later". In this case, its "well, someone somewhere is likely encourage by the site's name, so lets throw the creators in jail for that someone somewhere". 2) The pirate bay is a tool with a name. Its like having a crowbar named "heist". A name should not be enough to distinguish a criminal factory producing tools from an illegal factory. An search index, however named, should not be deemed legal liable for its users just because then name is more suggestive than "Google". Actually, in regard to the Appeals Court, its the majority usages of the site that count. If your blog's comments is mostly used for illegal activity, you are guilty of facilitating the crime by having said blog. Intent was not mentioned by the Appeals Court to have any baring on the matter. This is how they said Google was not guilty, but the pirate bay was (they mentioned Google specifically in the question and answer). Contrary, I rather have paywalls. When data is being sent to my device, I want to be allowed to decide if it is shown on the screen. If executable code is sent to the computer, I want to decide if it will run. If code design to track and monitor my is being sent to my computer, I want to decide if it will be running or blocked. When people have ownership of their device with the option to block ads, people will block ads. The only way to enforce ad-viewing is to take away that ownership. In that world, I rather take paywalls. Webpages changes fashion with a rather steady rate. Before this growing style, white "clean" pages with minimal content was in style and is still in favor. Before then, extremely detailed "photoshopped" pages with a bunch of flash was in style (and menus, menus, menus). Before then, geocity and frontpage style, with blinking animations and sound. Before then, Spreadsheet style and link tables. I wonder what this style should be called. I do like the name "flow style". If you rely on a 3rd party for your business, then the 3rd party is in control of your company future. In that regard, its not about risk. Yes, using 3rd party API for your business model is risky, but thats a secondary effect. The major issue is than the future of the company, and any promises and investments done is completely dependent on that third-partys' whims. To some degree, your even in less control than if you were employed for the 3rd party company, as there are employment laws to protect employees, but no laws in place to protect you against changes by the 3rd party to the API. The university does, what makes sense for a university to do. They do an analysis, and produce a report. What I hope happens afterward is that MIT take in the report and create meaningful changes. This however is not in the nature of universities and is where the challenge will be if MIT want to learn from this tragedy. I never said MIT never changes, I said changes are not in the nature of universities, and I base it on a comment made by a professor in law history in Columbia law school. A university is an institution that tries to teach young people the wisdom of the old. It has always resisted quick changes. If one need an example, one can take a look on how long time it took to adapt electronic aids in classes outside computer science. An other fact is that universities has previously been a place unique with having access to high amount of books (information). This is no longer unique for universities, but many aspects of universities still work as if the main purpose of a university is easy access to a library. On the legal theory used, I do find a few areas where further information would be useful. In the case of Wire Fraud, is it JSTOR or MIT's rights that was violated if someone under false pretenses gains access to MIT's facilities and MIT's licensed access for research articles? What is the legal precedence in regard to rented or licensed property; is it the licensee's right that was violated if a crime is made to the property whiles in the care of the licensee or is it the licensers? By continuing giving MIT access after the breach of contract/license agreement, does JSTOR still have a legal claim of Wire fraud? In the case of Unauthorized Access, Orin Kerrthe refer to a methodology of using the cost of production as a means to determine the value of the information obtained. But are we talking about the cost of production that JSTOR did in producing access to the information, or the production of the information itself done by parties not JSTOR or MIT. If we talk about the production efforts made by JSTOR, would the production cost be limited to the licensing fee's that JSTOR is (or are they?) paying to get exclusive access to the research journals? > provided you do some other stuff as well A common misconception. AGPLv3 only require that you do not remove existing interface to access source code. As long you don't go out your way in removing access to the source code, you can use a AGPLv3 web service, modify it, and use yourself without needing to read, understand or follow a single line of the license. No additional "stuff" needed. About the landing page, the link to the github is quite hard to find. Initially I didn't find it, and it was only after reading your comment about installing it on ones own server that I made a second more closer search and found it. Adding a download link in the footer would make finding that link much much easier. > the amount of effort you expend to sign a petition is next to nil. Why would anyone expect, then, that signing a petition can affect any sort of change? Because government should serve the people and a petition is meant to show government issues the people find important? Okey, I guess saying that government should serve the people is hard to do with a straight face, but thats how it was suppose to be. Its like saying that the law should be fair and non-discriminating, no matter skin color, sex, or money in the bank. People still expect those two things to be true, even if in truth they are rarely so. >When someone engages in civil disobedience and intentionally violates a criminal law to achieve such an anti-democratic policy goal through unlawful means — and when there are indications in both words and deeds that he will continue to do so I thought Swartz signed a deal with JSTOR that said that he was to never again going to download more articles. What indications existed then that he was going to continue with the specific crime he was charged with? The Manifesto, while provocative, is generic in form and should not override a more specific document stating a clear purpose of not continue with the violation of this law in this case. ISP today gets to define what approved content is, and there is no end to the methods use to define it. ISP's will continue to expand the sometimes rather arbitrary rules until either government steps in to regulate the industry, or a anti-censorship open by design system will replace the current industry. First the network allowed everything. Then ISPs started with forbidding child porn as the one and only one exceptional rule. Then it was everything except "illegal content", being everything before with the added inclusion of copyright infringements. Then extreme porn was added, because anti-porn can always be advertised to end-users as a mechanism for protecting children. Then it is "mature content", including anything an ISP might get a letter of complain about, but which does not hurt any business partners. This meant that they can cut cost on support, but at the same time protect any revenue from advertisements. That mean items such as tor, political satire, all form of porn, unpopular religious sites and (anti)social hangouts get listed, but things like alcohol, commercials directed to children, political advertizements, violence and sexual hinting content will be left alone. After that, they start to add items to the list which competes with the ISPs' own products, such as VoIP, but also products that put a strain on their network such as video streaming. The last bans tend to be less severe, as to show how slow competing products are with their low quality of service. This also allow for a mechanism to extract levies from larger companies such as Google without going with a full blown ban that might create outcry from ones consumers. The market won't regulate itself. There are too few options of consumers, and there exist a clear asymmetrical information gap between buyer and seller. Lemon laws for services could help here, but it would be the same effort or even more effort than to create industry regulations for ISPs. Are filters for images of child sexual abuse written into law? It is a industry standard in Europe, but I never heard that UK actually made a law to force ISPs to use it. as for the linked content-code, it is true that its is not a industry regulation but a rather a industry practice code written by large ISP themselves. For this to be truly dishonorable, one would first have to accept that the enormous influenced by relationship status and physical appearance is a good thing. If one do not accept that relationship status and physical appearance should have such high impact on society, then such deception is not going to bring to mind any concept of dishonor or a lack of integrity. Enron on other hand had a large negative impact on society. Killing the environment also bring a large negative impact on society. Wall St. execs that cheats people out of their homes, steal farms from farmers, and put people homeless on the street clearly brings to mind the concepts of dishonor and a lack of integrity. Comparing deception directed at peoples superfluous obsession with relationship status and physical appearance, and deception that are made in an effort to earn money on the bones and lives of others are dishonest thinking. Its like comparing a DDOS attack against a corrupt police station, with terrorist attacks. They two things has nothing in common, and neither does Enron and deception regarding relationship status or physical appearance. There is an old RFC that explains the problem in very simple terms. Security need to be transparent, or it fails. If the user need to see and use security in order to be secure, the user will eventually do something to render the security ineffective. If you got passwords, users either pick easy ones or write them down next to the device that needs them. If you require physical "key" items, user leaves the key next to the computer that needs it. When designing a security system you need to acknowledge this limitation, and design the system with it in mind. Running between "something you know" (passwords) to to "something you know and has" (Two-factor authentication like password and phone), and now back to only "something you have" (an USB key) won't solve the problem. Most of that can be taken care by a password storage, such which is included in most browsers already. However, currently browsers do lack a mechanism for creating a random password, so users tend to write during registration what ever gives them the easiest way to click continue. In one place I know, the company combined the door key and the computer key into the same device to practically force people to take the key with them when they leave. They reasoned that if users can't leave the building without unplugging the key from the computer, then that would be that. Of course, people still leave the key at the computer when they go and eat, bathroom, or when they leave the building as a group. There is no silver bullets for now, so one need to design the system with the knowledge that any nontransparent security will be made insecure by the users. What does that mean in practical terms? It depend. It can sometimes mean to move the question of validation to a third party. It can sometimes mean multilayer security, so once the first line of security features goes down, the damages done can easy be reverted. It can even be insurance against liability so the user's security mistakes do not damage the user. In some cases, one could have a complex revalidation system instead of an complex validation system, so that its first when a user switches a device (say a phone) that all the non-transparent security will show itself. It all depend on the exact details and what the exact threat model is and who the intended user is. This is why in my mind, articles like this one are missing the point. They are trying to announce a silver bullet, when such thing does not yet exist even in theory. There is a other point of view, if one looks at who is paying the cost of the medical research: The public. How is medical research founding supported? In order of prominence: Tax money from NIH. State granted and enforced monopoly in the form of patents. State granted extended monopoly (after the patent is expired) which is granted by the FDA, including exclusivity to the data from testing. There is also affects from insurance and the health care system, but that one is much more complex to evaluate in this context. A completely unregulated industry could had produced faster results, but in that case its business model should not be in an depended relationship with the government. It should not get the majority of its founding from tax money. It should not depend on state granted monopolies. As it is now, FDA is the regulation that enforces the public right to get what it payed for. Its their money after all. If one would like that to change, one should start by removing tax money and government monopolies to be the sole critical part of medical research. I prefer a more clean structure in which one pick one scheme and go with it. If tax money is supposed to be the major way to fund medical research, then the goal (effective treatement) and the cost (tax dollars) should be combined to get the most treatments for least amount of dollars. The current system is not cost effective, and no attempt at even trying to bring it into some form of cost effective control has even been made. Current system is to first pump tax dollar at research, then throw state monopolies and exclusive right to medical companies so they will take the tax produced research and produce products, which in effect means that the products with the most earning under least effort gets made. Treatment effectiveness just happens to get lost in the transition, and get traded for profit vs production costs. That can not be the best use of tax money, or the power of granting state monopolies. The $31B is considered to be 1/3 of all funding for all medical research (including humans and pets/animals). In the area of core research, including those illnesses that are life threatening, then NiH stands for around 95% of the funding. Having the government do the research, including the testing, and then let generics do the production of the devices/drugs (under somewhat high taxes) could be one way to do it. It would likely be considerable cheaper than the current system, as it would have a hard time doing worse than the current system. The ("we are not worse than the other guy") slogan might not the best, but it would be a start to get somewhere better than now. Or, they could do the opposite, pulling out from funding medical research. The government do not fund the research for most things. Maybe those 31B$ could be better spent elsewhere and thus force pharma to be self-dependent. In regard to academics... If Academia fund some research, then same rule again apply. Follow the money. Is it tax money, private researchers money, or institution money that funded the research. If its tax money, then the research belongs in public domain. If its the researchers private money, then its the researchers that decide of the research. If its the institution and the research is funded by private inventors, then its the institutions decision. I might not like it when research is not published to the public domain (will considered it a bit immoral), but primarily one should honor the investor with the result of the funding. If that investor is the public, it should be illegal to prevent the public access to to the result. That include universities that is state funded. If one want to enforce a policy to include demographics in ones recruitment process, the following large demographics should also be considered: People of color. Immigrants. Those of young age. Those of old age. While women is clearly the largest demographic in that group, each listed group is commonly put in an disadvantage when applying for work. Outreaching to each of those groups is also the only way to get a work place that includes a fair portion from each demographic, as they are used to being denied and thus do not apply for as much work as white middle aged men. One should also want to consider people previously convicted of a crime, as that is a very large demographic in the US and is one which also have a very hard time finding jobs. Many have given up on ever finding a good job, and do not apply for higher paying jobs even if they got a higher education that would qualify them for hire. You can try to call it an appeal to ridicule, but I too would like to see more companies and conferences trying to reach out to communities which are used to be denied and thus do not actively seek as much opportunities for the risk of failing. Reaching out is a positive thing to do to society. Its altruistic and can bring positive rewards in return. While I would not want to claim that other people must do it, the reaching out that the author did has an positive net effect on society and I assume the conference itself. I did not include ex-convicts as a joke. Many people get locked up falsely, and even more get locked up because they enter a plea barging that they shouldn't have. Many of those has some kind of higher education, but is put in an disadvantage because of some real, or imaginary mistake in their past (like downloading a song at age 9). Assuming that those people can't do work beyond sweeping floors, or that they have nothing to contribute to a conference is discrimination without basis. As to the young and old, I too would like to see less agism in the work place and conferences. Old grey unix neckbeards tend to only be acceptable in some places. In regard to the type of conference the article discuss, game developer conferences, I think old grey unix neckbeards and 14 year old developers are a rare sight and clearly underrepresented. Pointing out that there is more than one form of group under discrimination is not an appeal to ridicule, and it does not lessen the acts done by the author in the article. Rather, the method used by the author is an effective method to address discrimination without causing further discrimination by the act of exclusion. Aren't that always the case with class action suits? I would also like special criminal laws to be added each time a company do something that result in a class action suit. It would make things so much easier. Calling it a grey area between RIAA/MPAA and the "information wants to be free" crowd might do it a disservice. The goal of criminal law is to give out punishments and incapacitate those who violate a subset of laws, while civil law emphasis victim compensation. If someone is redistributing information without a license in a not-for-profit manner, what is more important. Retribution and punishment, or victim compensation to the individual who produced the information? Digital media, or someone printing out a pamphlet. Does the technology really matter when deciding what the goal of the law is? To me, it sound obvious that non-profit redistribution of information without a license is at most a civil law crime. That has nothing to do with "information wants to be free", and all to do with common sense in regard to the fundamental design of laws. But that leaves my question unanswered; The question on whats is the goal. Is the goal that the copyright holders should be compensated, or that violators get punished? I law can only be in one of those two camps. Popularity is not proof of illegal activity. It seems implied that only restricted copyrighted information may bring high traffic, but that's not true. One of the highest traffic torrents I ever had, and which got the computer club network cut off from the university because it was "suspiciously uploading high amount of data" was in fact a linux live cd... It was also a highly effective way to test out the new server's hardware :). I have a hard time finding anything heroic in this. He was a great artist, sure. He was a great businessman, sure. He also had crappy morals and did not mind stepping on people to achieve his goals. That including claiming "ownership" to ideas and concept created eons ago, and being abusive on the market. Sure, peoples lives are messy, but it doesn't justify bad behavior. And, bad behavior, bad morals, should not be lifted up as attributes of an hero. Business reasons can in this case also effect what sane defaults are. Maybe one want to anchor the consumers thoughts by defaulting with "cleaning the whole house" and barging down, or maybe one want to start with one of the cheapest options and barging up. This is where testing really shine as one can test each default for a while and see what default brings most revenue. On servers, distros that has sane defaults and do not force one to configure every little piece of software is clearly "winning" over the more old ways of compile and configure. Back when BSD was the normal OS for servers, distros like Debian really showed the way that sane defaults was way superior than to the no defaults policy some had. Thankfully we have moved away from the no defaults. Some places still need to see the benefits first hand, but universally, the old policy that said one should have no defaults is long gone. Those that previously had no defaults have mostly moved to the same style as Debian. Your post include many different topics, but I will just try to address one of them. The anecdotal about open source and the implied socialist implication. Many people only see programming as a job, and thus do not understand why anyone would ever program if they didn't get paid. That is the only aspect they see in it, and thus they think that their logic is without fault. But had one been spending time playing music, with that independent band in a an abandon factory and only playing music "for free" at charities and bars, that mother would not wonder why you where "working for free". We would also not call it a socialist thing to do. There is of course political movements involved with programming, ie free software. But even there, the term socialism is hard to use when there is so many large companies involved. If one then take a look at music bands that refuse "the big labels", or who are anti-establishment, we would also there not call them socialistic just because they do stuff without getting paid. In the end, one can not take a single economic model and apply it to open source or free software, or for that matter any other thing that people has as a both work and hobby. Investigation takes time, effort and money. Its why the police is a group of people being paid to do that work. No one expect the police force to be made out of voluntaries. Why do then suddenly people expect system administrators to do police work for free? How common is it that people go to the local police station in an afternoon and offered to do some work with no expectation of some kind of salary? System administrators are not people that work for free. They expect to get paid like everyone else. They also expect to be able to decide what work they accept, and which ones they do not (ie, they are not slaves). Some do investigations for the police without getting any payment because they feel they want to perform some civil duty to do so, but the above comment imply that they must do so. That is wrong. System administrators should not be forced labor for the police. If there is investigation to do, call the police, pay your taxes (so the police get paid), and let the system work as intended without putting forced labor onto the system administrators of the world. If you dislike a service because its used by criminals (like say, gmail which is abused by spammers), it still the police you should call and not the system administrators. 1#, Ubuntu is indeed no longer the public face to open source, but then is anyone actually surprised? At best, Ubuntu can be said to have been an symptom of the success Debian was and still is in collecting and maintaining open source and free software projects. Where ubuntu left, mint picked up, and I don't see an end in polished distributions ontop of Debian. #2, The dangers of web-services in regard to privacy and property is only starting to reach the general population. In this regard, EFF and CCC has had a larger role to play than AGPL and FLOSS. #3, While Stallman is the leading figure in free software, people like Eben Moglen has much better speaches and do more to recruit new members to the community. I think today, Stallman is more often addressing the members inside the community in what areas are currently in need of most work, and what new threats exist for the community. #4, A true Meritocracy does not exist anywhere. People follow leaders, even those that do not deserve it. The goal might be to become a Meritocracy (I wouldn't know), but the truth is that open and free software communities are just made out of human beings. #5, When addressing/claiming a serious issue like Systemic Sexism, two things need to be done. First, one need to show the problem exist. We do have nice statistic on it and the author did show some poor but uncontested data (so he get a pass there). Second one need to show why the gender diversity is so large. The author do not do this. Actually, no articles about sexism in the free and open source communities addresses the question of why (or at least no one has done so with data to back it up!). This is in my view the primary single reason why the discussion about sexism in free software has gone nowhere for the last 10 years. Its not about hushing or denying the existence of the issue, but rather the lack of data that is keeping us from fixing it. The question of why is a central part of any technologist or academic thinking, and without it we would be unable to fix any computer, create any program, or solve any problem whatsoever. As a answer to the question on how do we show why there is a gender difference in open source and free software , I would start by looking at how this community differ from other similar sized communities with similar age groups. One particular group that comes to mind is gamer communities, sporting communities, and other communities that people freely perform as part of an hobby. One could also look at subgroups, such as IRC groups vs stackoverflow. If they have more, less or equal gender equality, one should ask the question why and try to build some testable theories. After that is done, and only after that is done, can one start to address the issue truly and in an effective way for the open source and free software community. #6, Microsoft is never going to be trusted as a friend to free software. Too much bad blood, and honestly, who would want to be friend with someone who previously have gone out of their way kill you. Microsoft is also not putting down the symbolic knife, widely swinging secure boot around for everyone to see thus creating more untrust. At best, one can say that there exist bigger threats than Microsoft and thus focus should be redirected. #7, the Desktop interface is the most visible aspect to desktop users. like with any area of design, it has had good times and bad times. It has a lot of discontentment, and is likely to see many people trying to do massive changes in a hope to get it in sync with what they perceive as current good design. Until design stop to change, the changes will likely continue without loosing any speed. I don't know if anyone tries to deny this or claim it is something not to be admitted. #8, again I want to point towards human nature and that almost all cultures is monocultures. the top 1% of the musical bands are going to have 99% of the listeners. However, when people say that FOSS encourages diversity, the opposit camp is the devices which can't be changed, and are of questionable legality to modify (jailbreak). Those devices has one system, one store, one video player, one music player, and one company behind it. Compare to those places, FOSS indeed encourages diversity even if the majority of users are using the same software. #9, open source and free software has indeed still a long way to go if they want to reach each communities goal that they had set aside for themselves. That said, reverse engineer is often a thankless job and without a political remodeling of the landscape (such as steam box might do but who knows), new devices is an never ending stream of new work. To make matter worse, old devices get old way to quick. Those people I know that work with this tend to burn out fast, and reach an unhealthy attitude to new people. Sadly this tend to happen way before those people would transfer knowledge and responsibility to a new group of people. So far, I have not seen any solution to this problem and can thus just hope that a major landscape change happens from outside the community. Showing that a problem exist has been done yes. The linked article does it, and has several anecdotal to show that yes, there is a problem. Yet, it doesn't even try to ask the question of why. Is it the cause of low gender diversity in conferences because people do not respect female speakers? If so, have two talks, with two similar experienced speaker of each gender, but only have one written speech with slides. Afterward, confirm which speaker was liked/disliked and check if there was a statistical difference in how men and women perceived the talk. Then run the test a few times to confirm the data. If you are a conference orginizer that want to solve this problem, you should consider trying to do this. At least you should attempt reaching out to the sociology community if one consider that this work is not for technologists. As for derogatory comments made by listeners. Data would be the first step to find out causes. Is there a equal number of complains (ie, proportional to the number of speakers of each subgroup) of racist, sexist, nationalistic, homophobic, and juvenile/elitist comments? If the answer is yes, than any solution to the problem would either have to apply to each type of derogatory comment type, or it would had to address the issue of commenters using derogatory terms in conferences thus fixing the problem at the root. Thus First you identify and confirm a problem. Second you ask the question why. Third you create a theory that include a solution to the problem. Forth and last, you test that theory and preferable do it in a practical way. This is the process used by technologies and academics alike, and is the way to gain acceptance when bringing up problems to the community. (as a side note) I would very much like to see statistics that prove/disprove the idea that women write better talk proposals than men, including the question why if the answer is yes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_Mint#Reception One could of course argue that distrowatch data is not good enough, but until there is data that contradict distrowatch, I would use the data as a strong indication of where things are going. As a custom made resume when seeking work related to online stores, this would likely be a very successful method to stand out. Compared to all the generic resumes, a tailor made one tend to stand out as to say "I really want this job, and I understand what your company is about". Honesty? One who can not admit mistakes are unlikely to become a good co-worker. I might have lowered the % to say 9 instead of 16, but the general idea is sound. Some BitTorrent clients are installed by default on the OS when you buy the computer. Thrown in some fast streaming with download options. Include a ad supported version. Offer it worldwide. I can see that work quite fine in competing with existing services out there. Maybe a bit tagent, but a comment to the article claims that stackoverflow.com is a men favored place, and thus there is a need to have a female exclusive place where female coders can ask questions and get answers. Could someone explain this to me? I know that stackoverflow actually has less female participants than software industry in general, but any causes is eluding me. Are there just a number of hidden stories out there about all the sexist comments being made (have not seen any story, or any such comment while using the site), or are question made by females being singled out and left unanswered? We hear constantly about the evils done in IRC rooms , and we hear about conferences/work places where females don't get respected when they got similar amount of experience as to their men co-workers. Do either of those exist on stackoverflow, and if not, why is stackoverflow not gender equal in participants? I hope such research get traction, as it clearly is needed to move the discussion forward in regard to gender equality in the software industry/community. Its surely something I would read if published. I wonder if the effect of public Q&A setting follow for every area of education, or if its worse in IT. Comparing my own knowledge of say history classes (place where gender equality is quite good) vs computer classes, my initial thought brings to mind that history classes puts Q&A and social discussion through out all the day, but in a computer class, all the Q&A is put to the end of the day where students compete to answers most and best. I could easily see how one of those settings would interact differently with current culture and social gender norms. brash and intimidating communities is clearly a factor when factoring in how user friendly something is, and how easy it is to join a community. What one might not think of however, is how that effect gender equality for a community. That for me is a interesting insight to draw (through studies would be nice to confirm it). In principle I agree with what you say. In practice however I am skeptical. In my calm and rational mind, I could not possible see how defacing of a government website could affect anyone or bring more supporters to Anonymous. On that same state of mind, i would also not see how commercials could ever work, or how scandals/negative news could sometimes increase support for a political party. Thus, my mind tells me (based on previous knowledge) that hacks like this could very well increase support for Anonymous. Maybe that is because they get noticed (branding), and thus the number of supporters increase. Maybe people in their busy lives rationalize that if someone managed to break a government website like USSC, then those people means business and are serious enough to stop and get listen to. If then newspapers make a big deal out it, people will rationalize further and consider it to be important. I too hope however that they do publish their data about injustice and corruption. Maybe the drum beating is important to first create some hype about it, but in the end, it's the data that interests me. But I do see how the actions of defacing the site could be valuable for bringing justice and change, just by the act of creating noise. The common myths and fear about GPLv3 are far from pragmatic. I can understand those that only want permissive licensed software for components. This make sense, as otherwise the copyright license will put some requirements when distributing copies of the new work. If its proprietary components, you got to buy a license. If its copyleft components, you got to use a particular license. But if we are talking about gplv2 vs gplv3, only a very small subset of people will ever have to care about the differences between those two licenses. It actually only comes down to two questions. 1: Are you planning to sell a product, but want to keep root access to the device after its being sold, while at the same time directly preventing giving the same access to the new owner who bought your device? 2: Are you in a patent license agreement with an other company over patents you pay for and which cover aspect of the new product? If your answer is No and No, to those two questions, you can regard GPLv2 and GPLv3 as identical licenses. Its that simple. There is plenty of ways to say No. If my company is distributing someone else program which is under GPL and then get sued for patent infringement, we would not be willing to pay money per unit so we can continue distribute that software. We would either rewrite the parts covered under the patent or use a different software. But paying for the privilege to distribute someone else project? If your in a situation where you want to use someones else project, and would be willing to pay per unit to distribute it to your users, what would you pick. A patent deal to get the privilege to distribute a GPLv2 program, or a supported and legal protected proprietary program? I would pick option 3, ie, write my own program or fight the patent depending on which ever is affordable. In this regard, what license the original program was in matter very little if at all. The patent agreement part GPLv3 (which is the difference between GPLv2 and GPLv3 in regard to patents), only cover distribution rights. If you do not distribute the whole work, you can create as many code contributions you want and have as many patent license agreement at the same time. They do not interact. For code contributions, GPLv2, GPLv3 and Apache license has the exact same deal in regard to patent grants. Actually, the text used in GPLv3 that cover patent grants of contributors, is word for word copied out of the Apache license. GPLv3 only added additional patent requirements for distribution of the complete work. My guess, for the exact reason of not discouraging companies to contribute code. If the company review GPLv3 contributions, but do not review Apache licensed contributions, they have bitten the FUD apple. There aren't any comprehensive list that I know of which lists the features of each interpreter. as to bpython vs ipython, last tested it out, bpython still lacked a core feature that ipython has, which is a shell-style history. I can't mention how often I am thinking "hmmm, did'nt I write something like that before", and search backward to find something I wrote a half year ago, or say yesterday... Linux sound has randomly become much better for the last year, including usb headphones. Don't know if its randomly, or if pulseaudio has finally started get some order to thing. There is however a different way to look at the issue of sound support. Problems in linux tend to only stay unsolved when too few people care about fixing it. The few attempts made like alsa and pulseadio has been constantly criticized to have bad designs. One could then truly wonder why we don't see proof of concept design that is superior. A quite excellent comment. I would only add a bit more dry comment on the essence of copyright licenses. A copyright license is about defining what one will accept that people may do with your code. As a lawyer once said in a speech, its about defining what consequences one can live with. Do you accept that people might try to use a bait and switch method with your code? Ie, they go out and promote it, gives copies to everyone but when the usages is at the top, they goes out and say "BUSTED! Now pay for patents or stop using it!". If not, use Apache license. If there is nothing anyone could do with your code that you would later object to, BSD is commonly the answer. However, if the NSA tomorrow made a virus with your code, you would have no legal barring to try to stop them. If a drone programmer used your code to be more effective judge, jury and executioners, you have no right to object. In contrast, if you used a copyleft license, the demand for source code would likely be enough to kill such usage given the secret nature of the military. >JS has its quirks Indeed it does. Its one of the hardest modern language I have ever tried to teach someone. All the minor trip-wires (like http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1995113/strangest-languag... ), but the worst part is that there are always at least 5 ways to do something. Out of those 5, two is bad and should never be done but you would be lucky if any book mention this fact. Of the three left, only two is ever considered as good through noone can agree which one is the preferred way. One solution ends up being neither hated or praised enough to be worth mentioning in a book or ranting article. So to figure out which ones to avoid, and which ones to use, one can either use what ever superstitious choice one learned by a previous teacher, or read massive amount of javascript articles and books to get a "feel" for it (no guarantee through). When you try to teach a student all the different methods, they will get information overload so one is simply forced to avoid large part of the language and hope they act like "don't think, just do what I say". Python in the browser would just be a clear improvement over javascript. The great moral question of the twenty-first century is this: if all knowing, all culture, all art, all useful information can be costlessly given to everyone at the same price that it is given to anyone; if everyone can have everything, anywhere, all the time, why is it ever moral to exclude anyone? Src: Eben Moglen Great social justice only tend to pop up after some sad horrendous event has occurred. Sadly, History has a tendency to be forgotten so event has to repeat itself. Most of swedish laws protecting civilians rights was created around 1935-1940 after the 1931 event in Ådalen. The laws protecting journalists was invented after a large number issues around censorship and prosecution against sources during the WW2 (mostly regarding criticism against Germany). The time during the cold war also had some prominent abuses cases, which resulting outcry pushed for more protection. Information is being withheld. It's hard to expect respect while at the same time withholding critical information in the name of company secrets. Take building designs, public accessible for any engineer to take a look. If a flaw is published like in this article, it can be verified by independent sources. If someone was hiding blueprint designs and a article like this was published, everyone would assume the architect was up to no good. The respect for the work, talent and dedication would only go as far as a courtesy phone call before publishing. So regarding planes who's design and inner working is now days mostly regarded as company secrets, staying quiet would be worse than speaking out about a issue. Boeing should see this is an perfect time to publish their electrical and electronic diagrams, together with test data, and let independent engineers either verify the authors claims or denounce it. If he won, he would be the first person doing so while not being physically in Australia during the election. Interesting security concern. It might be added that if one has several backup files, and has MultiviewsMatch enabled, the files aren't actually readable but get run instead. This is because multiple backups get numbered after a dot, while single backups and crashed files do not. Conferences are a problematic area even if one ignore what kind of community it is. (be that IT, gardening, Sci-Fy, trucks, manufacturing, or furries). The math is not giving out pretty numbers. Lets compare two conferences. One is 5% females participation, and a other is 50%. We can directly say that the risk of getting sexually assaulted is minimum 20x larger at the 5% conference than the 50%. there is also a number of additional considerations one can add to the risk assessment like age, marital status of people in the conference, and access to alcohol. Let's make up some numbers, and let's pick say 200 members conference. Let's also say that each male participant is a equal risk of being a person who commit a sexual assault, and that risk is 10%. 50%/50% distribution: 100 male participants, 100 female participants number of sexual assaults: 100x10% = 10 *Risk for each female participant: 10/100 = 0.1 5%/95% distribution: 190 males, 10 females number of sexual assaults: 190x10% = 19 *Risk for each female: 19/10 = 1.9 *Risk compared: 0.1 vs 1.9 = 0.1/1.9 = 19x Okey, not 20x, I rounded the number 19x to 20x. It also assumes that: A), Female to Female sexual assault is 0. Not true, but close enough in regard to what is reported. B), Regardless to number of females, the risk of each male participant stays the same. If the 50%/50% actually has a higher number of assaults in practice, then the risk difference between the two type of conferences actually drop. Thank god, someone that gets it. We are technologist. Many of us are academics. If someone writes or talks about how a compiler is slow, the community will demand more than anecdotes. We expect numbers, tested theories, and verified results. When people come to us with anecdotes, we often use "less than nice" ways to disregard what they say. hmm, I see parallels... There looks to be a number of excellent evidence to prove that there is a gender equality issue in IT, but there is no scientific research on what the causes are. Is it the general culture in the world and IT has the same level as other industries? Is it because of the question/answer culture of engineers, which is an aspect currently being researched in regard to gender equality. Is it a lack of respect for women in the IT field? I can think of plentiful number of ways to test those concept, work that anthropology might want to do if we asked them. We could also pay them to do it. Maybe that could be someones kickstarter project? I have a strong conviction that if someone would bring scientific data on the issue on what the causes are and how to fix them, in a verifiable way, few would object. Can a strong worded policy document have an statistic proven effect in discourage sexism in a conference? If you think so, verify it with data. Get 10 conference to do it, and collect data from it and 10 other without any such document. If its verifyable, every conference should adapt one after that. Do you think negative IRC comments is the problem? Switch a number of projects to a moderated communication channel and test the concept. Compare a unmoderated IRC with a project page like stackoverflow. Bring data, do some science, show it to the community. Its the exact same thing we expect from anyone else when they want to do changes to the things the community care about. 1/4 is just dishonest. Its like saying that 1/4 of ALL children starve to death (which is statistics wrapped to the point of uselessness, even without then claiming that 1/4 of all children of people in IT starves to death). When using statistics, please use some kind of reference and try to include what the shortcomings of the said statistics are. At least start with something like " rel="nofollow">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_statistics> ; which gives the reader a starting point. That would imply that US originated DMCA notices shouldn't reach outside the US. Yes. DMCA had for example a real impact on the TPB case in Sweden. Any work that would start implying that DMCA notices should stop at the border, would run into the lobbyists. (I guess I should consider Poe's law a bit more in the future.) Rare bugs on released hardware are almost by nature ignored in favor of new products. Its also why fuzzing is such as great method in finding security bugs. For projects that are distributed in Debian, I have stopped reporting bugs at the "official" site and opted to use reportbug instead. It might be slower, but I rarely if ever have bugs being completely ignored. At worst, a debian sponsor will either fix the issue as a debian fix, or remove the package. I suppose this is why the FSF has gone on and on about "free as in freedom", and not about the practical benefits for developers in releasing source code to the public. I understand that Gabe does not want to play by the app-store rule, be that Apple or Microsoft. They want to be free to develop their business, their business model, free from dictated rules of a third party. In a world where every user device is locked down under DRM, there won't be a get-out-of-jail free pass called Linux. If all obvious and commonly used aspects of computing are patented, then we won't have a Linux that can be shipped by something like Steam. Anti-DRM and anti-patent clauses, like those in GPLv3 and the Apache license are not anti-business. They are pro-freedom for companies to decide their own fate. If we want to keep this get-out-of-jail free pass for the industry, we need to maintain it and banish DRM and patents to the dustheap. It's that simple today. It won't be that simple tomorrow. Thanks. I included Apache license because FSF copied the text regarding patents from Apache and copy pasted it directly into GPLv3 (they later added a trailing sentence about patent agreements). If you want laws other than human right abuses, take Gandhi and his protest of the national salt tax. Copyright, a state enforced monopoly. national salt tax in India, a other state enforced monopoly. If we just want to limit us to laws regarding state enforced monopolies, there are plenty in the history of mankind. Such a horrible arguments, no wonder it got down voted. If you think you can do better than Flattr and produce a service that charge less, feel free to implement it. Competition is healthy, and there is no software patents in Sweden, thus no state enforced monopoly to stop you. As for the TPB site itself, there are not a single peer reviewed research that say that independent artists was harmed by the site. Now days with the promo-bay, they have done more good than most labels but without charging a single dime. If you are talking about morality, I would stay away from those that want to deny peoples access to general useful information. To quote professor Eben Moglen: The great moral question of the twenty-first century is this: if all knowing, all culture, all art, all useful information can be costlessly given to everyone at the same price that it is given to anyone; if everyone can have everything, anywhere, all the time, why is it ever moral to exclude anyone? Copyright is not property, its a privilege given by the state to the author. Its a state enforced monopoly, given under a perceived limited timed. Privileges aren't properties. You can not own it, only be given it by someone in power to enforce it. No matter of semantics, you can't turn a privilege it into a property. State enforced monopolies are not properties. Copyright is not property, Patent is not property, trademark is not property. I can't make it clearer than that. If you believe that the land is owned by the state and that the individual is given state privilege to use it, then it too is not a property owned by the individual. If however you believe that the state do not own the land, then the land is a property of the individual that work it, builds on it, lives on it. Its an illusion to think that just because one can barter with privileges, it suddenly become a property and all the economics regarding property will suddenly make it all right. Its false. You can't turn privileges given by the state into something it isn't and what it isn't is a property owned by the individual. I can see several nice changes to patent law, but intellectual property is just a make-belief nickname for a group of laws, all with different aspects and goals. The only common denominator in each law, is that they are tools of the state and that they are indistinguishable from industry regulations. Copyright is a state granted monopoly on information , intended to encourage more works but to the cost of an increase unit sale price. It was a barging between the producers of creative works and society. Sadly, this law has not been updated with that goal in hundred of years, but rather taken off in the belief that any cost-benefit for society is simply not necessary. Patent law is a state granted monopoly on production , in the belief that it would encourage disclosure of secret information regarding how to produce new products. It was a barging between the producers and society. Sadly, this law has also not been updated with that goal in hundred of years, but rather taken off in the belief that any cost-benefit for society is simply not necessary. Trademark is a consumer protection law, intended to protect a consumer rights to get what he pays for. Trademark scope is sometimes abused with the intent to prevent competition. This is wrong, and should be illegal but is rarely punished. The state gives some privilege to the target producer that a trademark contain, but the purpose of the law is clear. If we want to take a look at the big picture, lets do that then. Whats the cost-benefit of having patents on GMO seeds? Whats the increased cost to society vs disclosure of information? Patents are an barging, where the state gives a state protected monopoly in return for disclosure of information. Lets make a cost-benefit analyze and see where it points (hint, not even with imaginary numbers would patents on GMO seeds ever come up on top). > no future agriculture company will ever spend money on GMO research What a lie. Sorry, but I am going to call it what it is. A lie or a serious form of disillusioning. If you can create a better method to farm: vegetable oils, soy, rapeseed, jatropha, mahua, mustard, flax, sunflower, palm oil, hemp, field pennycress, Pongamia pinnata, or algae, you are going to earn serious money. The military would very much like to be able to producer cheaper biofuel, as would a never ending list of companies. Corn is an other, where a better seed would easy earn you billions if sold to the highest bidder. Sure, you can't go around suing farmers who never heard of your company, but that is a good thing. Do an product need to be intact to count? If this is the core of Monsanto argument, then it sounds to me as completely rubbish and something a court should have no problems throwing out. Lets say I bought a new mousetrap. After purchase, I go around and add/remove aspect of it. I change the color scheme. I change the cheese to a more smelly version. Has it now suddenly become a new mousetrap and is thus no longer the same physical object as first sold? If the seed still embodies the details described in the patent, how is it not still the same object? I could understand Monsanto counterargument if no aspect of 1G seed existed in the 2G seed but thats of course not true. More likely, all patented aspect of 1G seed is all still in 2G seed. If that was not true, than even if Monsanto won, they would loose as they then would have no claim on 2G. Thus the only changes of 1G -> 2G must be trivial and not covered by the patent. Many interesting points, but I have no sympathy for Daniel Domscheit-Berg who's action destroyed document given to Wikileaks for publications. Who know what dangers and effort the source went through to get the documents, only to have everything destroyed by one individual who was trusted with the files. The pirate bay founders are a good example of how things work. There will always be leaders. Its a key part of how society work. TPB is no exception and the founders are very well known in the world. The interesting part through is that after all the problems, TPB turn into a complete anonymous organization where leader roles are now days gone from the public. A good example is anonymous. Are their leaks working as effective for change as Wikileaks was? > explicitly limited to members of the organization involved in the 9/11/2001 attacks. that has not been true for a long time. Today, now more than before, it is illegal to modify a device you have bought with your own money. Worse, even if you find a fault in your device that threatens your personal safety, your are still not allowed to fix that fault. On top of that and thus even worse , if that fault actually causes a problem, the entity that is active preventing your from fixing the problem is still not liable for any damages caused by that fault. All risk is on the consumer who owns the device, while all rights belonging to the company. The owner of the device is left with no rights, and has no effective power over the device. Its absurd. Mostly the law. Selling products compared to renting out products has a very different form of liability and risks. I am not a lawyer, and all that but... If you buy a car, the seller of said car only has a very limited liability in case of faults. If the car breaks down, its up to the owner to fix it. However, if you rented a car, safety and repairs are on the company that rents the car out. This is how things worked until the 21th century Selling or renting a product was supposed to be a trade off between liability and ownership. Companies made a choice, depending on risks/reward and if they wanted to effectively become a service company. With DRM however, liability is gone because the company do not claim property ownership, thus any product can now become a effectively rented product and never leave the control of the company. I have no problem with a company that rents out products. I do however have a problem with companies that is exempted from liability while effectively renting out products under the pretense of selling products. People who dislike patents can still want the state to help "lone wolf" garage-based inventors. Patents are a state enforced monopoly given to the invetor in exchange for information disclosure. Now that's all nice and all, but I for one would like that the state worked on proportionality when giving out aid. Is 20 years needed for you? whats your cost analysis? whats your business model? Do you expect you will need 20 years until your invention pays for the invested time and money? Would 18 years work? or say 12? maybe even 5 years would be enough? This are questions I think the patent officer should ask before giving out state enforced monopolies for 20 years. To answer your question of alternatives to patents. Have you looked into foundations that gives out money to people working on inventions for blind people? If not and the state is really the only entity that can give you enough to support the inventing process, then for everyone sake, please write your patent application in such a way that it actually do count as information disclosure. Its the government that gives out copyright protections. It is the state that grant monopoly power to Adobe. The Australian government could have any rules, laws and consumer protection in place in return for this granted monopoly, and thus limit how companies like Adobe abuses this granted monopoly in Australia. Fair use has their limits. Commercial use is commonly not covered. One reaction I get is a lack of fear of their nuclear tests. Rather, I welcome them as each time it might be enough to push larger countries to actually fix the situation. Apache license, mozilla license and GPL has provisions that terminates the licence upon the initiation of particular lawsuits. The most common ones are Patent retaliation clauses. This is nothing strange, and has existed for a rather long time. It would not be a stretch to expand this to trademark lawsuits. Would not Google search, Wikipedia and Stackoverflow statistic be of some worth to show what the dominant usage of the word python is in the realm of software? While mitigating in a law suit, I would not rely on a image as an copyright license. It doesn't actually say what content is covered by it (every link? css? javascript? images? ...). Wikipedia describe it as something like CC0, but is unsourcesed and thus nothing I would rely on for legal advice. > People absolutely freak out when they suspect the US government of spying on a citizen. Why would they only spy on citizens? They have a long history of sharing corporate espionage when corporate data is snatched in their net ( http://archive.newsmax.com/archives/ic/2005/12/19/114807.sht... and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECHELON#Controversy ). Economic espionage by governments began way before internet even was a thing. Not that this makes it right for china to use hackers for the same goal, but at the same time it is nothing new. The biggest difference between NSA and the Chinese hackers are that the NSA are mostly passive listeners on the wire, passing along what they "hear" to corporations. Chinese hackers are more active listeners, and pass along what they "find" to corporations. Still, not much of a difference in my book. With businesses whose sole businessmodel depend on government to grant an state enforced monopoly, one should really ask if government shouldn't take a more active part in determining the benefit and cost of said model. When ever government go out and try to influence a market, they commonly do a cost-benefit analyzes. If they add a new regulation regarding health concerns in food processing, it is assumed that they do some form of balancing of cost and benefits. It is also assumed that we do not use the same cost and cost-benefit analyze they have laying around from the 19th century. Most people assume that what ever was true a few hundred years ago might have changed in the years and thus a new check regarding cost and benefits to society is in order. When government goes out using patents to influence the market to produce more inventions, they don't do a cost-benefit analyzes. They barely even use the 200 year old check regarding previous invention, obviousness and discovery, as the number of inventions has increase beyond what is human possible to check. They just grant the same sized 20 years state enforced monopoly to anyone who ask, and hope that any problems will be solved by the court system. The core of this case is how one should read the patent-exhaustion. It really shouldn't be about that. It should be about how and if the government should give aid to an company that invented, produced and successfully sold a grain that they modified with a discovered gene. It should be about the check and balance of the actions of government trying to influence the market with monopolies in an effort to encourage more inventions/discoveries regarding gene modified plants. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECHELON#Controversy and http://cryptome.org/echelon-ep-fin.htm Economic espionage by state agents is not new, and NSA is not innocent here. I might even dare to say its common practice when dealing with large airplane or car manufacturers. It always surprise me how willing people are to let other people read, use and handle ones private emails. It commonly received as a surprise when I talk about it, but once you give away your email to be handled by someone else, the emails are no longer private. If you give it to google, google then owns it. If you give it to Microsoft, its Microsoft that’s own it. Why are people acting so strange to the idea that if you give something away, its not longer in your control? Running a email server is not hard. if its a company, running a email server + webbmail is as hard as installing two extra packages in debian and doing a single dns change. If you don't have a server, buy a old laptop/media station. Its email, its not going to demand processing power beyond simple spam filtering. On that note, wonder if my phone can get postfix installed... > 99.9% uptime is nice Pick a random (not broken) piece of hardware. Install debian stable on it with base install + postfix + roundcube. Configure: grey listing, black listing, and auto-update (relative easy, and there is a bunch of tutorials if needed). Leave it alone until once every 2-3 year where it will need a aptitude update, aptitude upgrade. It will run as long it has power and network connectivity. If you are a company and either the power or network is down, email is unlikely to be high on the priority list. Spam: ~0. Might get one every full moon or so. After 5-10 years it might get a bit worse, but adding SpamAssassin tend to get rid of it. As for Chinese rooms, do they leak information? Do they give out mail if asked by someone with money/power? Sure, one can say "I got nothing to hide so what do I care", but then that's what all email then must be. You can never again say: "This email is private and mine. I and only I have control over it". If you are a doctor, lawyer or any person dealing with private information, then it mean that any email given to you are defacto public. With a dedicated email-server, maintenance is as easy as configuring auto-updates and doing 2 commands once every 2-3 years. SSL/TLS require two additional step. You go to CAcert and add a very simple setting in postfix. If you uses webmail, you can just plug this in and use it there and forget about ssl/tls in postfix. DKIM is neither required or useful in most use cases. If your a bank with online accounts, then you should use it, but then you really MUST not outsource your email. They should have a sysadmin that can maintain a secure email infrastructure, in the same way that they got a professional installing a lock and alarm on the door. Get a consultant, ie a professional doing the installation if you don't have a sysadmin. As for journaling (default from the file system) and bouncing emails (defaulting to the user who sent the email), both are given free without any configuration. Litigation holds, ie concerns about how to comply with being legally forced to retain and hand over emails to the government. That is a bit out of scope for most companies and users, but if you are concerned about this see above statement about DKIM. So ye, for users and 99% of companies in the world it is indeed as simple as doing an apt-get install postfix and follow some simple tutorial in configuring grey listing, black listing subscription and adding a dns entry. If a service is critical to your business infrastructure, you should not outsource it. By doing so, you end up in a complete one sided dependency. If they go down, you go down. If they refuse to continue serving you, you go down. If they have a outage, you go down. If they get trouble with the law, you go down. Its like being a online shop with only paypall. Its an easy method to go bankrupt fast. relay is dealt with during install in debian, and default is only allow relay from localhost (ipv4 and ipv6). in the case of roundcube, localhost is then perfectly fine. auto-update is as simple as apt-get install unattended-upgrades. greylisting is: apt-get install postgrey blacklisting is the only real "slightly" iffy area, because there aren't a obvious one guide to do it. It is however a very simple way of installing it once and not touching it again. ( http://www.howtoforge.com/block_spam_at_mta_level_postfix ) looks to be a old guide, through there might be more current methods out there. As for system harderning... I have yet of hearing a single person having a stable debian installation getting hacked (if they update/autoupdate!). basic security for the system should be left to default, so long one do pick a decent password (or avoid installing ssh). If necessity is the mother of innovation, then maximizing necessity should be our goal right? This line of thought would however turn silly quite fast, with "lets have wars!", and "lets have random barriers everywhere". If there weren't patents on formats, people would still make new formats. Crappy energy inefficient and data expensive algorithms get replaced when basic research (unaffected by patents mind you) show that better ways exist. Here is a thought: figure out a new algorithm that lower the bandwidth use of Google by 25%. They would surely pay you with heaps of money no matter if there is a patent involved or not. Wonder if this will help incentive invention, in the same way that prize money for security vulnerability incentive security researchers to vulnerabilities in software. I thought everyone said that researched was extrinsically motivated thanks to patents, and without those no one would ever do any medical research. Prize money and intrinsically motivations sounds as a nice alternative. > Apple-branded TV I assume that's different from Apple TV from 2006, which is an HTPC? So we are talking about the big large screen, but which can not act like a computer screen. The product currently in heavy decline from the "young" generation ie those under 40. Im curios, what benefits would a TV have now days over a home theater system with a computer screen? Larger display to lower price, but with often lower resolution*? It seems a odd product feature to base a company future on. The price difference is also only about 50% cheaper price today on a TV, a number that has shrunk consistently faster for each year. A rather interesting podcast/video is Adam savage talking about recasting ( http://www.tested.com/art/movies/451613-still-untitled-adam-... ). Recasting and the legal issues around 3D printing is close to, or is exactly the same thing. Thus listening to someone who has copying stuff from movies as a hobby, work professional with people who produce movies, and who's income is depended on creating stuff on the screen, its a very interesting podcast to listen to. That is the same as saying millions of businesses depend on the government to grant them an state enforced monopoly on information, ie copyright. I am not sure I like that so many businesses is in such defendant relationship with the government. Especially when that state enforced monopoly is enforced again private people in their own homes. I think the government should have better things to do. Note the distinguishing keyword marked in the first sentence: public good. In economics, as well as many other area of study like sociologicaly, security, businesses, and hundred of area more, a key aspect is doing cost-benefit analyzes. It is a core tool, and often the first tool used when deciding what is public good, what is a good regulative action, what is an good incentive for further production of goods. Copyright lack such cost-benefit analyze. It lacks even the discussion of doing one. The government gives out an state enforced protection again copying (ie a monopoly), and it doesn't even ask the question if it cost society more than it gives. I agree with Richard Posner. Copyright is a trade off. however, as it is currently implemented, no such trade off is actually made. That is using 19th century government procedural being still used in the 21th. Last to quote Eben Moglen, a professor in legal history: "The great moral question of the twenty-first century is this: if all knowing, all culture, all art, all useful information can be costlessly given to everyone at the same price that it is given to anyone; if everyone can have everything, anywhere, all the time, why is it ever moral to exclude anyone?" Why would a bird or insect design use Ornithopter design rather than helicopter design? The only reason people are talking about terroist and airplanes is because the airport continue to remind people of it each and every minute on the speakers. If someone say "don't think of the red elephant", its not odd for people to say "what red elephant?". That's normal behavior. In same way, if you stop someone at the airport, the first thought people will think is "I am not a terrorist!". You right however that saying "I am not a terrorist" is a bad strategic thing in a discussion. It anchoring you to something bad in people mind. It would be better to say "I am not the president of the air line, but I am a VIP priority customer for united", thus anchoring "the president of the air line" and "VIP priority customer" to peoples mind. Depend on the judge and jury. It could come down to damges per sold unit if Sony is seen as intentional breaking copyright law, especially from this point on after Sony has become aware of the issue. In more likeness, KDE can now prevent any future sale of VAIO if they want, but asking a judge for an injunction. Of course, this assume that the copyright law is sanely being interpreted. If we use movie/music version of it, KDE can then dictate what a "license agreement" would cost for sony if they were to "buy" the image. They could then say "If we were to buy a similar image from apple, they would require this cart loads of money so that's what Sony should pay + damages and lawyer costs. Interesting. We should give the benefit of the doubt in cases regarding commercial use from copyright infringement. If its a 9 year old who is downloading a song, then she must be aware of copyright law and thus can't be given the same benefit of the doubt. That girl is a pirate. Is it just me who thinks this logic is wrong? Lost sales is normally calculated as some hypothetical price tag in the case if Sony had bought a license from KDE. Its what music labels do when calculating damages in p2p cases, rather than looking at the unit cost. I agree that we should hold all parties to the same standard no matter who the party is, but commercial usage should add additional expectations from the defending party. Commercial use is commonly perceived as "worse" than if it's done for private/non-profit use. But my initial comment was mostly to acknowledge that we do not give the benefit of doubt to private persons, but we do to commercial entities. The law should be equal, but had this been a discussion about someone who downloaded songs, there wouldn’t have been a single comment questioning the validity of the accusation. Thankfully, we do have hacker news as a good indicator. Lets use the case I refereed to: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4818159 Even the title say "pirate bay girl". Not a single comment ask if this was just a innocent mistake done by the girl . not a single comment address if either the father or the girl have read copyright law or was aware which sites are authorized sources and which aren't. After they were told of their mistake, did they stop with the infringement or did they continue selling their devices? Its one thing to do a mistake, but its an other to continue because its cheaper to ignore copyright law than to do a complete stop in the production and selling of a product. At that point they are doing willingly infringing copyright law. Is that a joke or serious statement? Can't tell thanks to Poe's law. I old icon of the industry, but it feels like they shoot themselves in the foot when they took down daily victim from their site years ago. Most of those are not actually software security features, but rather policy differences between Mozilla and Google. Those that aren't policy decision, are either not security features, or is features not implemented first in chrome (through chrome was first using it in default installation). Chrome get a half point regarding tab isolation. Tab isolation by process is something between a security feature and a vulnerability mitigation feature, through I would likely call it a vulnerability mitigation feature. It doesn't do anything to prevent exploits, but it does prevent further exploits once a vulnerability has been exploited. Still its a nice thing to have (like insurance after the house has burned down) and is something Firefox should implement. HSTS is nice, and now included by default in most browsers (chrome, firefox, opera). Personally, using noscript, security aware firefox people have had HSTS before firefox 2 was release. That is 2 years before chrome existed. It also exist in https-everywhere. Regarding Cert pinning, I can't say I am a fan. Its a whitelist approach to security, where Google decide who is important enough to be privileged for improved security. Chrome was aware about the scaling issue from the begining, and has improved the situation by the Cert pinning extension RFC draft. Once/if it get finalized and more security professionals go through it, it will be interesting to see how it scales, what corner cases there is, and if the caching effect will come back and haunt people. As for the rest... Chrome led the way of auto-update without first informing the user, while Firefox poped up a request for update. In real world security, this is an improvement because the user can't be trusted with deciding if the program shall update. Google has acknowledge that this only a useful feature on windows/Apple, and has this disabled on linux, assuming because a linux user can be trusted with the decision about updating. This is not a software difference between firefox and chrome, but rather a policy difference between Google and Mozilla. And to comment the last features, PDF and Flash. Google has not written their own Flash handler. They have however bundled it with chrome and thus made sure its updated. This is something Firefox simply can't do thanks to license costs, which mean its mostly a difference between Google and Mozilla as organizations rather than a software improvement of Chrome. I am not sure if the same is true regarding PDF. Third party cookies are not banned, they are turned of by default. In the same way you are asking users to make active choices about their information, a change in default is asking ad companies to only track users that want targeted ads. I constantly see people on HN commenting that they like targeted ads. Those should be your customers. I and others who do not want targeted ads should be left alone. We did not ask for your data to be sent to our machines. We did not ask for your code to be run on our machine. We did not ask to be tracked and sold just because we happened to read a website. We are not your target audience, so stop trying to force us in taking up defense against you. We should not be forced to turn of all cookies, have anti-spyware installed, and going through settings to enable no-tracking cookies. The advertising industry really need to grow up and start focusing on customers that want their services. With all their current data about who click on ads, this should not be such a hard move forward. What we have is one study that say that when faced with imposter syndrome, correlations show that women tend to have extra low impulsivity and a need for stability and order in their life. Men on other hand when facing imposter syndrome had extra high impulsivity with a low need for order and stability. I don't see how either type of reaction can be consider good, bad, worse or better. Both has potential strong negative consequences. Too high impulsivity can lead to anything from death, bankruptcy, failure, or in rare occasions: success. Too low impulsivity can lead to an downward spiral, inaction, disadvantages, failure, or in rare occasions: success. Where I live (Sweden), its common to move bullied kids to new schools, because its an political impossibility to do action against bullying kids while they still are attending school. It much easier to "ask" the parent of a bullied kid to move the kid to a new school. In the extreme edges, where clear physical evidence can be collected from several years of bullying, there is sometimes a court case. Those cases is always after the kid has left the school, several, often 10+ years later. A problem is that physical evidence is extremely hard to collect from children. As the video show, kids do get bruised by accident, and when they fight, it rarely end up in obvious fighting type damage like an bruised eye or broken jaw. If one compare it to a brawl at a bar, school yard bullying do not have a bunch of reliable third-party witnesses (yes, drunk people at the bar is more trusted in this case). However, what about Justice which one takes by violence? It might work sometimes, but I would warn about gangs. Kids like adults have a tendency to form groups. Groups get group mentality, which can get very ugly very fast. One has to be very fast, quick and lucky to survive going up against a bullying gang leader. Sticks and Stones hurt. For the people who made this video, thank you. I hope this will remind people, and maybe get some tools invented to start combating bullying. Being a security interested person, I can think of several ideas but I am worried about which ones might actually have an effect and which ones will only make us feel like we are doing something. Cameras and microphones is popular in schools now, and each kid tend to have a smart-phone, and yet I not heard of a reduction in bullying. Small classes is an other solution proposed by people, but I have yet to see a case where that have made a difference. Even when a teacher has time to do something, they seems perplexed on how to deal with it. Maybe if tested tools and procedures is invented, small classes will start to have an effect on bullying. I wonder how safe those slingshots are. Throwing heavy objects are hard, and remembering some mythbuster shows, a bit dangerous. Have the grenade bounce, fall out of the slingshot grip, or rubber-band back and you got a big problem. Is this actually in big use, and how common is "misfire"? When you let someone else handle your email, they own your email. There is no postal secrecy law, no rule against reading. They can touch, modify or delete according to their whims. It's their email now. So I am not that very surprised to hear a news article like this. It makes perfectly sense with the current mentality. It also adds another nail in the coffin about idea that "only a machine is reading my emails. Why should I care about that?". Hopefully this will encourage some people enough to run their own mail servers. It's far less problematic than most people think it is. Maybe it was hard to install and configure this in 1990s, but this is 2013. You buy a domain name, install a Debian machine, and do: aptitude install postfix aptitude install postgrey Afterward one follows any one of the many simple guides to install either a webmail (roundcube most commonly), or go to ( http://www.postfix.org/docs.html ). If a spam gets through, install blacklisting or spamassassin. Easy 3 step guides exist for both. It always surprises me that people can use a software library with complicated, half insane API's, but can't follow a single page of simple single steps installation. It's not hard and you get the bonus of actually owning your own emails again. If you are a company, this should not even be a question. If the options are to give away all your emails and customers emails to a third-party and thus lose all ownership to them, or asking a sysadmin/programmer to spend 5-10-30m tops to do an email installation, the answer should be obvious. Subtle errors are a problem, as anyone who is a programmer or sysadmin will tell. It's a constant issue when programming in C or Javascript, and it's almost a job description for a sysadmin. Mail installations could clearly be improved here with testsuites that test the installation and not just the mail server code. But to address some of those concerns. While errors in the config can cause big problems, it's not very common for people to change it once it's installed. It's like doing changes to the kernel, Apache, or Xorg settings. Sure, things can easily be broken there but for the common case, the defaults are good once one has passed the installation wizard/guide. In case of SSL issues between mail servers, I am rather sure that postfix only does a best-effort. Thus if your certification expires, they will fall back to plain text. However most CA's will warn you several times once it gets close to the one year mark, so it's not a very big workload to handle. If you know of an email server that will cancel delivery, please let me know as I would be very interested to hear it. PTR is a real issue, but if you have static IP, PTR records should be rather easy to get. It is also a one time cost for the domain name. For a company network, a static IP and support is commonly included in the price. You email/call them, and they add a PTR. For private users, a VPN solution might be needed in some cases, but I'm unsure if it's that much of an requirement. Gmail seems fine in sending emails to locations without PTR, or receiving emails from servers without one. However I have not tested this fully or with other services like to Apple or Microsoft. Freedom box has talked and hopefully worked on doing this, but Im not sure if they have gotten as far as improving the interface of a webmail yet. Still, I do think there exist some very talented grafic designers out there that would enjoy playing around with a webmail interface. Hopefully, articles like this will increase the demand and interest in run-it-your-self webmail packages, so one would do that and not spend all focus on building more CMSes. Working professionally for a small company, which provide emails service for customers domains, i can say that this has never happen for us. not a single time. Sometimes people get hacked, either because they pick a abc123 password (nowdays blocked by policy), or because a customer webserver CMS theme has not been updated in the last 2 years. When that happen, a few mail servers (mostly yahoo) has temp banned mails for a few hours. Mails still got delivered however. So lesson to learn there is to not use passwords like abc123, and to actually update that 2 year old CMS theme. Or you don't combine webserver with webmail. Did you install greylisting and blacklisting? It really do reduce spam to ~0, and is a one time 5-20m configuration. As for hotmail, I strongly remember doing a telnet to hotmail servers and succeeded in sending emails while writing commands by hand on my private computer. Thus without any special headers or other magic, I could send email without any issues. It would had been interesting to hear details on why hotmail rejected your emails. Default postfix installation? At conferences, especially security conferences, I tend to ask if anyone ever heard of a Debian base installation being hacked if it has auto-updates or is manually updated once a week. So far, my count is 0 and when asking self-proclaimed hackers, they also tend to agree that Deiban stable installation is very secure. The installation I got from 1999 is still running, and the count of breakins are 0. to add on that, it has no firewalls. I kind of wonder what happened that caused your server to be hacked. Insecure password? As for using a previous owned spammer domain, I strongly question that logic. Black lists tend to be both conservative and done by copy-pasting. A blocked domain abcd will not block abc or abcde. If the block lits do not see mails from abcd within a month or so, they also tend to remove them to clear up space. This time frame is also way below common domain name expire dates. Regarding reverse lookup, I assume that 30 team startup bought a company network contract from the ISP. Such deals should include support and static IP, which mean reverse lookup is a single email away from being done. Co-location contract might be different, but I wouldn't know. I used to have same reaction regarding greylisting, but changed my mind around 5 years ago. Have yet to see any issue with it, and I assume this is because homebrew email servers are no longer common or even uncommonly in use. I guess it could happen, but I have yet to find this at work for those I host email for, and same goes for all my private emails. It can be that because many commercial email providers uses greylisting, users of homebrew mail servers has either fixed it or gone over to postfix/exim/sendmail by now. No, I don't think this is simple for non IT people. Same goes for my web site code, or my python projects, or my shell scripts. If I gave either of those to an non IT person, they would have no clue what is going on. This is as expected, as most people require some expertise to do technical work. I would have no idea how to fix the electrical system in a car, but I do expect that the mechanic knows how to figure it out if it one broke. Same, I expect a sysadmin or a programmer has the expertise to follow single steps installation guides. Regarding MDB2_Driver_mysql, I point towards ( http://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=544694 ). If you want to use mysql and not default sqlite, use debian package roundcube-mysql and it will install the dependencies for you. As for users, roundcube uses imap and thus do not create new users. Anyway, GL, and if you want to have some fun, try out PostgreSQL. > DRM platforms like Steam are adaptations that do not please the sort of people who read TorrentFreak, but are necessary because of the extraordinary piracy rate of video games (famously, over 90% for World of Goo). There does not exist a single peer-reviewed study that shows a correlation between increased sales and DRM systems. World of Goo was one of the first indy games to reach large reception of users. Sadly, it takes time before people are willing to spend money on new concepts. Same effect can be seen in cult movies. Most cult movies do not earn a bunch of money. They barely even get copied at first. Blade Runner did not have an issue with piracy, and they still got crap in revenues. I would not be surprised if 90% of the people who have seen Blade Runner did not do so at a cinema. I would guess most people has seen it on a copied tape, copied by someone who thought "Ooo, what is this? this is nice. Let me share that with a friend". Had World of Goo been released today, they would had much better sale numbers together with current piracy numbers. World of Goo of the past has shown that indy games a worth the risk of buying a copy and testing it out (if one would ignore the paradox). It should also be mentioned that creator of Psychonauts got more (or close to it) money from kickstarter, than from initial sales. Ie, people were more willing to bet money on something for little or no return, than they were willing to bet money on the original game itself before it was known to be good. Do anyone actually think that DRM would have made the original Psychonauts a massive revenue source? We do live in a society based on evidence gathering, and thus market behavior should be based on it. My attempt to address the issue is mostly to point that out, and then do some observation regarding the market. Observation is the first step before evidence is gathered, while theory/best practice is the last step after Observation, evidence and analysis has proven something to be "true". When people give out best practices, or gives out necessities of the market based on nothing but opinion and theory, it become pure myth and superstition. Sysadmin work which is my line of work, has a bunch of myths. Some people still making firewall rules against win95 ping of deaths, even if everyone in the company is running around with this years gadgets. But you did ask if I have any evidence of my own, and here I relied on common sense and observations. DRM cost money, in both time, effort and support. Additional, I looked at the indy crowd of movie makes which has only has weak/no DRM, and the indy crowd of games which has all from strong to no DRM. What I can see, there are no major difference what so ever, and both groups often suffer from low revenues in products that later get critical acclaimed as a master piece. But Im sorry, no, I do not have any research paper to support that observation. That would be the second step, through one can glimpse some truth by checking if anyone are disagreeing with it. Also, since DRM cost money, it should naturally require a higher burden of evidence to become best practice or necessity in the industry. Minor note about Blade runner : It took several years before the movie reached a cult status. By the time it did, people started to have dual VHS players at home or could call some dude in the campus to do a copy. C/C++ and python is a nice combination, and from what I hear, even a best practice when dealing with python optimization. I strongly recollect hearing python developers promoting the idea of first analyze performance, and then rewrite the biggest resource hogs to C code and thus get the best from both worlds. I assume that c++ will have the same usefulness here. It would be very interesting to see the code paths being run in python vs C. I suspect that the 17% python code is actually is around 80% of all possible code paths, but that the 75% C code is just like 5-15% of possible code paths. A possible way to check that could be by looking at the test suites and see which one is bigger, python tree or the c++ tree. Large sample size over as much types of media possible (game, music, movies, and software). Afterward, I would start digging down further by separating producers, market groups and market targets, and then do statistics to find correlations. I would ask questions like: Do a indy game being released on steam have similar economic characteristics of a indy movie being released on netflix. Then I would collect data on piracy rate vs initial buy rate vs long tail and find product types that share those. Then, with all that data, one can start looking into DRM and individual products from groups with shared economic traits but which differ primarily on the DRM question. With a decent sample size, some kind of answer should pop out. That would be my guess of a simplified study. Statisticians and economics has surely more to say on this and where the corner cases are. There might also be smaller studies to do if one accept some early assumptions. I do not think we need to provide evidence that a developers time cost money (ie, to code/acquire DRM software). Second, I don't think we need to provide evidence that running a server and having bandwidth to run authentication servers cost money. Last, I doubt we need to provide evidence that extra support calls thanks to DRM issues cost money. Each three of those are what I call common sense, ie, we know them all to be true. Those are also the only assumptions I included in my "I relied on common sense and observations". The rest is observations, which is the first step in a honest and scientific discussion about the effect of DRM. First you do observations, second you collect evidence, third you do analysis and last you create theory. Only once you done each step and reached theory should economic decision be made in the case of including DRM to increase revenue. Before that, only the cost of DRM is know and everything else is speculations. Those speculations has both those that say its great and those that say its crap and there is nothing in the world that will convince them beyond a scientific approach. Nothing in this bill prevents a inventor to sell his finished invention once to whoever want to commercialize it to a product. Nothing. He doesn't even need a patent to do this. Say that the best battery chemist invents a way to make current lithium-ion battery packs 25% better. In a bidding war, the price would easy reach hundred of millions, because the practical effects of having better batteries are economic interesting for companies being restricted by ineffective batteries. Regarding cancer research, I find it quite wrong that state funded research is being patented. Most serious medical research is being paid for NiH with the use of tax money. Society has already paid for all the step regarding the research and it due to get what it paid for. Research which has no bases on NiH funded research theories, and has no relation with any public funds what so ever is an exceptional case, and there is a lot of companies out there that produce derivative works from NiH produced research and gets a patent for it. derivative works that has been created from tax money should not allow someone to get a 20 years state enforced monopoly on it. I wonder if this type of approach might push programming language developers to integrate databases into the language itself beyond just giving the programmers a interface for the database. The gap is then derivative work. They basically take the core research done by NiH for free and refine it and demand in return a 20 years monopoly from the state. The biggest single actor in medical research is by a large factor NiH, paid through tax money. Drug companies are the only market where this is happening. Why should they get this free research if we want the market to handle the research of medical innovation? You don't see the state doing the basic research of mobile phones and then giving it away to Samsung or apple. They can't just take some already taxed funded research and "refine", getting themselves a 20 years monopoly for the effort on the expensive of the public. And what is the benefit for the public? They give their money away with tax money and get zero back in return? It is taxed paid research, and then the state gives out a additional 20 years enforced monopoly to the first one who do the last step and refine it. Maybe a bit ism'ish, but is this the core idea of capitalism; having the state pay for the core part of the medical industry without getting anything in return? > What they've told us privately is that as long as no-one comes along with a plausible exploit for Windows based on using a secure boot enabled Linux system, they don't care what we do. I guess we need to hide all those forensic distributions that can modify and access data on a windows machine. To name a few: backtrack, CAINE, and DEFT. If technology can modify and access data, it can also be used in an exploit. Some might even argue that running a forensic on a computer without the owners permissions is an exploit in itself. Edit: How could such technology be used you say. Package a usb drive that once plugged in, will reboot the machine and load a Linux distribution. Once loaded, it automatically modify the windows system and transfer any interesting data it find. Afterward, it erase itself and reboots, thus looking like any empty usb drive once windows boots up. If that is not an plausible exploit which an ordinary Windows users could trigger and become compromised, then I would like to hear the definition of an "plausible exploit". Thinking about it, here is a bit more insidious (and complex) method: The usb drive install a linux system over the previous windows installation. Then it install a VM, and set it to run the old windows installation. Have boot set to quiet and on startup, load up the VM. While a bit slower, you now have hypervisor control over the machine, and the user can install how much anti-virus and anti-rootkits they want. You effectively eradicated the secure boot scheme with the help of the Red Hat key. If you don't care about using them in the future, just send a legal document requesting either reinstated service or refund. Of course, they might just then ban you for life for do so. I really dislike this idea that if the company fail you deliver a product you have paid for, a individual should just pay them again for the same product. Taking money and then fail to deliver service or product is the very definition of scam/theft. But beyond having the state putting down regulations, is there any actions people can do without putting themselves at even higher risk (like bans)? A bit surprised not to see Bind mentioned here, as it's a kind of an industry standard. Personally, I got Bind installed on all my machines, both for DNS zones and resolving. The only exception is my phone, and that is only because I couldn't find a package for it. For those that do not want to deal with config files, there is also GUIs like gadmin-bind. The current forced labor camps in North Korea looks to be indistinguishable from how the nazi forced labor camps worked, except on a single nation scale. The sad part is that there are no clear stop to it in any time soon. It seems that as long it is a powerful enough nation/allied nation, they can do what ever crimes they like. Only once it is all over will people be look back and wonder why they let it happen. It saddens me each time I see a security best practice guide that suggest turning off ssh access for root. Its a very useful feature, and the security industry should focus on the security problems rather than removing features without thinking about the actually benefits of doing so. Sysadmins with root access should be able to handle a random 8 character or longer password, and that number is large enough for a secure public accessible ssh. If your not a sysadmin or unable to remember a random password, try go with a passphrase like "correct horse battery staple". If you have too many machines and thus can't remember passwords, then use a master password locally with a bit larger password and store certs there. To do some math to illustrate the security of a random 8 character long password, someone would need to fill a 100/100 line for several hundred years to get through them all. By that time you should have noticed the constantly full connection, and be happy you haven't died of old age yet even after your 200th birthday. However, 8 character passwords are not the suggested length by security experts. They suggest using a 10 character long password, as that is also secure in the case that your password hash somehow got lost. For the several servers that I have, I have been more worried about the logs from failed attempts than I have been of anyone guessing the password. Logs wears on the hard drive, so one might want to install fail2ban to lower the number of writes to it. It also decrease the noise level in the server room. As the other comment say, Security is about risk mitigation. Risk in turn is about identifying threats, and attack surface is avenues where that threat might cause damage. The problem I have with the articles claim is that limiting roots access in ssh is not improved security. It does not acknowledge the threat or attack avenue at all, but rather tries a blind approach. The threat is script kiddies. The attack avenue is bad passwords combined with password authenticated use of ssh by root. One can then either fix A) the password, or B), the access root has in using ssh. I pick option A and thus have have good passwords that secure even against internal users, rather than having bad passwords and limiting roots use of ssh. Having good passwords, and disable ssh for root is redundant and a expensive limitation for no security benefit. Having bad passwords and disabled ssh is bad security practice, as bad passwords should by policy be impossible. > 2. necessitates assigning administration rights to specific persons and roles. If you need to have different assigned administration roles for a single installation, and guarantee a correct audit trail, you should look into physical tokens or at least a kerberos+ldap setup. "root" user should then not exist as something that anyone should use. however, if you do not care about guaranteed audit trail (and to be honest here, the common use case does not require kerbros+ldap setup), you can add something like environment variables to indicate which user is logged, and ask administrators to document changes to the system. > 5. can reduce (unnecessary) system resource usage. This goal can be mitigated in several way. Thus in a honest discussion, this should be the target of it and not the pretense of increased security. Discouraging root usage is common in desktop and laptop environments, and for developers on production servers. For admins on servers, root use is basically required for all commands, and sudo would not improve the security at all. Commonly, I track access through environment variables (configuration on the ssh client), and documentation that each administrator do after finishing a task. As one should not recruit administrators that do rm -rf /, tracking (blame) is of an lesser importance and documentation a much higher one. If more was required, I would go with kerberos+ldap approach without anyone using local root user accounts at all. > I decided to translate the entire article to Danish You meant, to English from Danish. Thanks for translation. We do not know what the number is based on, as the article do not say so. It might be that the company sale is declared invalid, and any product sales made afterward is thus under danish law. Or it could be taxes of the 10.8 billion purchase but with an increased cost thanks to it now being several year later. > No secure server is complete without a firewall. Comments like those are why I normally point people to actual security expects (like, say, Schneier), and why I recommend that new admins should ignore as much as possible the practices chanted by the industry. A secure server does not need a firewall. A firewall can be used to secure a server against a specific threat, but that's it. The days of ping of death are behind us. I would like to point out that following the article's guide and firewalling away ICMP, you can end up with a lot of trouble. (see http://serverfault.com/questions/84963/why-not-block-icmp ). Some ICMP messages are not blocked by default by ufw, so I'm unsure how damaging ufw is when used like this. At any rate, a Firewall is a block. A new fresh server install won't have ports that needs to be blocked. By putting up a firewall, there is nothing to be gained. Before the firewall, the ports are closed. After adding the firewall, the ports are closed. All that is gained is a hurdle the next time one wants to install something like a monitor tool (like Munin), or a new service. It might be useful as a last line of defense against malware regarding outgoing traffic. I am normally against that kind of thing however (as focusing on the cause is better than the effect). At best, one can catch a spam malware, but any bot net, web server, ddos or other type of malware are untouched by the rules (port 80 and 443 is allowed). If the server has email sending configured so root message can be sent, then the spam malware can use that route and the firewall will just sit there. So let's take a newly installed machine. What threats can be identified and what risks are we trying to mitigate with the help of this firewall (as specified by the article)? The only thing I can think of is either a Zero day TCP/IP stack vulnerability (not a realistic threat), or that the admin doesn't trust the other admins when they install new services. Yes, if an admin installs a new email server and enables relaying to the whole world against the explicit recommendation in bold font by the install wizard and the configuration file, a firewall can block that admins' actions. Then again, that same admin could just as well have disabled the firewall to "get the mail to work", so I'm not sure it's a viable defense against bad admins. You are right, and I have some blame here of not including positive criticism in my comments. I do not have a script to offer, but I can go through the process I work by. #1: A good password is a must. During installation, have a second computer generate a good password and either memorize it, or GPG encrypt it somewhere on the second computer. pwgen is decent in generating passwords. 2#, I fully agree with the article on automatic updates if its a personal computer. For others, one can have root mails sent if you are a fast and and read mail daily. This is how many people read about vulnerabilities before they reach the news. #3: When installing large package like web services, I keep in mind of the long term prospect of each project. I ask the questions: Is there a deb package? Is it being maintained by a large group of independent developers? Is it mentioned in discussion at Serverfault? Are there any recent updates? What does the Wikipedia page have to say? #4: read the man page, and check any section labeled security. Some man pages will say things like "we have this port open. Its completely insecure, and we expect either the local network to be safe or that you use a firewall". Through this just happened once for me, its still a good practice to check the man page with new services. #5, avoid php themes/mods that require you to manually patch things. They won't be updated by Ubuntu, so things will either end with you uninstalling it or forgetting that it exist and thus get hacked. Sometimes ubuntu will just install over the mod, dealing with the issue for you. Other than that, harderning depend on use case. A wiki/forum will need some form of anti-spam protection. A media center need access control or firewall to only allow local network. Unsecured protocols like nfs and nis need something like ipsec. A mail server needs authenticated smtp. Schneier talks about NAT and 2004 windows laptops (ie, with winxp). I actually asked Peter Gutmann during an IETF meeting around 2005, and he confirmed that nat had improved the situation around and win98/win2k/winxp windows machines and bot nets. If I recall right, the gist of it was that windows machines needed something, and while nat is wrong and bad, it "worked" in this aspect. This is about as far from a server installed with ubuntu in 2012 that one can get. You are not going to find any such article by Schneier promoting default firewall installations. I suggest here to check out Secrets and Lies by Schneier, as it is rather clear that a firewall need to be configured against the specific threats one can identify. If you fail at identifying threats, the firewall is likely not be useful at all, or will simply work identical to NAT. At worst, it will give a sense of false security. In those use cases I agree. If for any reason one do not trust the software installed to behave as expected, a firewall can be a nice net to cover any strange behavior. If the job require Proprietary software services with an unknown/untrusted behavior, or the re-use of old images with strange stuff in them, I would too consider running a firewall. In the case of users however, I tend to apply some good-faith practice and just monitor. If something happen, I can always apply a firewall to deal with the situation. However, I do understand if that is not possible in every work place. Here nmap do shine, and periodically running nmap is a technique that should be taught in universities. Great way for students to both learn about computer systems, and about learning how to debug problems. The Ubuntu installer does not ship with pwgen, and its good to have the password done right, right there while installing. People rationalize, so comments like "something that is dumb is fine to eat" is basically their mind trying to find something to say when they should had said "I do not know". Maybe surprising (or not), but I find people who farm/hunt/fish to be the more intelligent kind of people when discussing food and ecology. Sure there are people who just want to exploit things for money, but many others do have a understanding for maintain a balance with nature. One answer I have received to the question about "why is it ok to eat animals", was that the ecology balance in nature would break down if humanity suddenly stopped eating meat. Not only have we forced our self to be part of almost everything, but our actions have cemented us to a central position. Farmers has chased away predators to the point where hunters are needed to maintain balance in many forests. Some lakes are so polluted with nutrients, that you need to maintain fishing just to keep some species from extincting other less common fish species. This doesn't address however why breeding animals for meat is fine. This is speculation, but some local farmers might say that as long the animal can live a happy life, then why shouldn't we eat them. The farmer job is to maintain a happy flock of chickens/cows/turkeys, and makes sure it stay healthy and in appropriate size. If they do that, then morality should be on their side. Agree. There was a reason why the outside yard of the hen house had a chicken grill around it, including a chicken grill "roof" for the yard. Even then, foxes and eagles ate more hens than we. The hens really like to sneak out of their yard and hen house. Did not have any issues with snakes or water rats (Sweden), but we did have a issue with flooding. With water just a hand deep, one or two would sometimes drown (the rest would either sit on the sitting sticks, or roosting). On a more positive side, I never had any issues with cats (even feral ones from what I remember) or dogs. there are no wild dogs where I lived, but we did operative a store right next to the hen house, and customers dogs (and kids) were often running around. Industry maybe. Local farmer, heck no. If they do, don't buy from them. It might be added, that in Europe, farmers get subsidies from the European union, and thus can keep the flock in rather low size and still earn a living on it. It is still a rather small income however, so many local farmers now days only supplement their earning with cows/chicken/eggs/sheep, and their main income comes from something else. I wonder what you are talking about because ... A ye, must be something that Ghostery or No script (js enabled) is preventing. Or ad block. I guess I don't know what is preventing me for having a bad experience, but I guess one of those 3. update Found the issue. JavaScript was disabled on the page. Sorry if my post mislead. Chicken grill -> chicken wire. Nice list where the author is trying to make a comprehensive list, but then I also have some criticism of the article. It lacks some models, and it makes an implied relationship between for-profit and non-profit. In the English language, this is commonly refereed as making money vs raising money. A charity or non-profit (say Wikipedia) is commonly not talking about making money. Some projects is funded by an indirect sponsorship model. Best example here is google and their model of giving 20 percent of an employees time to do what ever project that the employee wants. While Khan academy model is direct funding, projects that are an result of the google employee free time model is indirectly funded project. Then we have non-profit and what they will consider to spend money and man hours on. Sometimes, that not even remotely related to their primary purpose, but is just something that interest the people in the organization. Bootstrapping is an issue, but then I have no experienced of your scenario in the wild. Small farmers tend to collect/receive hens from other small farmers, often as barter or gifts. Small farmers have a common ground which each other, which is a primary part of personal networks. It was not an uncommon chain of events in my childhood to hear during parties complements of the color of the eggs/feathers/subspecies, and see a trade emerge. Sometimes with a bottle of something expensive changing hand. Same goes for male chicks. Those that aren't eaten (keeping the flock happy and appropriate sized), are observed closely when they reach mature age. If they don't fit well with the flock, they get bartered with a other farmers with an male from their flock. This was often the first step in handling an fight between two males that fought aggressively over dominance of the flock. Sure, there will always exist bad apples in the world, and people should try avoid those. In the past, it was a strong asymmetrical information problem for buyers. Hopefully, with more information sharing and systems where buyers can rate sellers, we might get improvements where local suppliers that treat their animals well are encouraged. Relying on software is always a bit iffy. Be that open source or proprietary software. At best one can off load some on contractual agreements, be that social ones like Debian stable or an paper contracts written and paid with a support company. However, smart consumers can improve for themselves by choosing more or less future proof software, and this by looking at the project and the project group. Things like community driven, historical stable, and a continuous flow of updates is to me shinning traits of a long term project that one can depend on. As a side note, I would like to add that people seems more prone to demand features and bug fixes from open source projects than they would out of proprietary software. This is almost exclusive psychological reasons, as people who spend money (initial investment) on something get motivated to not see any fault in the product. Other problems is anchoring that free of charge introduce. Effective DRM is less about technology, and more about incentives. It would not even be hard to implement if the sole goal is to maximize revenue. Sadly, most DRM schemes has a secondary goal of control rather than revenue maximization. So how would this work: 1) have a early launch code included in collector versions and pre-order, for something around 1 week. 2) include a special DRM system for only the pre-launch week, and announce that it will be removed after the pre-launch week. the benefits: 1) Crackers are people, and there is little incentives for 1 week crack. A honor system could also encourage them to avoid cracking the game, if this model is made in honest. 2) Buyers are people, and those that would buy the game at launch (90-95% of revenue) will not have a pirate game to pick from. 3) pirates are people, and those that rather wait for a crack will wait here too. While this might sound as a big problem for crackers, I slightly doubt it. I suspect many crackers has related day-jobs, like reverse engineers. If their day jobs require them to reverse engineer the command structure of a bot net, or make deep package inspection rules for protocols, then reverse engineer a game server is not that complicated thing to do. They are going to have special made tools for this. See conversion rates from free vs paid. Lets use the average number of 3%. 100% is all users, which mean all who bought the game added with all who would have pirated the game, and 3% is the total amount of people who would potential spend money. Out of those 3%, you need to remove A), people who do not pirate), people who do not compare stores and just buy from what is most convenient, and C), people who would buy if there was DRM preventing piracy. We can now assign weight to those groups. Group B, is likely to be largest given human nature and sale numbers from places like steam. Group A would likely come second, and Group C would be smallest. Lets use the weights 3/6, 2/6, 1/6 proportions for each group. That makes Group C somewhere around 0.5% of the users which the DRM scheme might get to buy the game. Is 0.5% additional conversion rate worth the costs of DRM scheme, additional support, and a tanked amazon review rating of 1 star? People who work in CS are known to work with scientific methods. "What if" is simply not enough. To be termed scientific, a method of inquiry must be based on empirical and measurable evidence subject to specific principles of reasoning. We, that is people who work in the field of computer science, need to demand more than guesses and beliefs when dealing with "solutions" to gender inequality. If someone has an ideas on how to improve the community and industry, those ideas need to be first tested and validated using the scientific method. Testing in Social studies are not a new concept, so we already got the tools we need. If "woman in CS" programs can help to get women with intellect and passion into CS, it should be testable. Do that first, and then argue for it use when there is data backing it up. > It's known that girls are more vocal and proactive in a classroom full of just girls. Isn't that an argument that all schools should then be boy/girl schools, always separating kids based on their sex? After all, this is the most effective model right? If schools has gone away from this model, I assume they had a good reason. We also used to separate women from men in the work place. That too was changed in the last 100 years. Business somehow decided that productivity went up if did not separate people based on their sex. If we moved away from this in both schools and work, why are we then trying to reintroduce it again with the same argument they had a hundred years ago? Is there any exceptional detail that only computer science has? (going to continue the above structured 4 bullet points) 1) Stories are today more homogeneous then ever before. People used to joke that you could set your clock to a james bond movies, and know what plot, what characters and what events will unfold. Then other movies copied it, and they too could be set to that same clock. Asking for originality is what we consumers should do but it is not what sends money to the bank if you are a producer. I would not know how we even could began fixing this. 2) video games do not present a wide variety of male types. Since when did you see a undecisive, meek, emotional erratic male protagonist? How often is he a gear of wars massive hulk made of 99% muscles, with so low base sounding voice that he likely has a serious sickness in the throat? How often doesnt he act like an emotionalless robot, creating a flood of corpses and steals anything that's not nailed down? 3) while I am not a game developer, I doubt that having strong women would lower the numbers of sales to boys. I don't see anyone arguing this. I do however think that the industry is lazy, and is not going to change their products if they don't have to. Movie producers and game producers are in this aspect very similar, and focus on what ever sold the most yesterday. In media, only books tend to have reached a level of diversity that we as a society is happy with. 4) I don't think the commenter is angry. That would imply intent in a very few written lines. I also think you are missing the point. Stories are complicated, and good stories require more than simple resprite work or pronounce changes. This goes same for making games that present role models for boys as well as girls. No? You right click, and get a menu for placing the bookmark in the folder of your choice, or you drag the bookmark to the bookmark toolbar. Or are you talking about in which order a bookmark is placed inside a folder, accessed from the first bookmark setup window? I am quite sure there is a add-on that do exactly this. With "keep tabs at exit" setting, I managed to reach over 250 tabs in Firefox. Had no issues what so ever, even when a game like guild wars 2 and bt was also up and running. I would very much like to see a memory and cpu comparison between Firefox and chrome when the tab sizes reaches that size. Anecdotal evidence on movies and games :). Mostly based on reviews. StarCraft II was one of the most silliest examples of this. The characters are one-dimensional to the point of being laughable. This is a game which had almost unlimited budget, and they just fail horrible at having an original story. I dare people to watch the cinematics say that the male roles are typical of the human male population. But the more telling part, is that I would have to dig into the indy scene if I even wanted a bit originality in the story. I can't find a single AAA game that have original and well fleshed out characters, and a interesting story. At best, one would have to look at the walking dead which copies that from the TV-show. Movies... pre-2000, we had a bunch of james bond copies. After that, we got the expendable? The new die hard? Any of the teenage vampire movies? The one with good story and good character looks to be mostly remakes of older movies or comic/book made-movie, or animations. Wreck-It Ralph is a clear example of good characters. Only if you have an google account. With the user agent, you can now get this feature without one. In Sweden, running a service is deemed illegal if the majority usage is of an illegal nature. The appeal court explicitly wrote this in their decision regarding the pirate bay case, in answer to a question regarding search engines like Google. For evidence, they refereed to the screen shots of top 100 charts made by the - since employed by MPAA - investigator. I always wondered what that would mean to an email service, since the primary form of email can easily be illegal spam/scams. I would also be careful if I ever contributed to projects like nmap, because how can I prove what the primary usage of such program is? Could it be defined that I was performing a service if I contributed code? The uploader has a decent argument of fair use. Its uploaded in a nonprofit way, for educational purposes. It is a very small portion of the complete work. The effect of the use upon the potential market is either small or non-existant. That is three out of the four-factor balancing test regarding fair use. If we guess that this is about 0.3% of the complete work (3MB of a very very large final product), that would be comparable to use 30s clip of a film. A quite good check list/advice on server trubleshooting. The ones I am mostly missing in the list is network tools such as telnet/dig/ip/fping/mtr. Being a programmer is not about knowing everything. With experience one should be able to separate library functions that should always exist from those that are unique for each language. Everything else should just be a matter of information searching. you can only offload processing that has barely any requirement on latency. If you send of loot or hit calculations (like d3) onto a cloudy server and it takes minutes for it to finish, the game would become unplayable. I would feel the same confidence regarding a 30s clip of a movie. That is to say, I would not feel confident at all, but that has nothing to do with the law and all to do how it is interpreted. I do however think that 30s clip of a 3hr movie, or 0.3% of the source code for a game should be small enough that fair use arguments can be made. While github is often used as a publishing tool, it is also commonly used as a place where work-in-progress is placed. Thus, if someone wanted to create a commentary about a piece of copyrighted material (say, the DRM part of a game), I would personally consider copying the related code into a github repository for refinement to be fair use. So long the four-factor balancing test is fulfilled, why limit the available tools? Should the workplace where such refinement is taking place be limited only as private repositories where each party has a copyright license? I would also like to note that nowhere in the law does it say that fair use must minimize their usage of the copyrighted work. The law says under its four-factor balancing test: the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole. How it is interpreted has changed widely in the last 15 years. Some talk about the minimal necessary amount for his or her intended use. Other talks about "the heart of the work". For a time, De minimis was considered, through was later reversed in 2005. For Google AdSense, paid per impression is only for specific publisher sites which can deliver targeted ads to a specific market group. With that in mind, which/how many bigger publishing sites websites are we talking about here? Only a extreme small subset of websites get paid per viewed ad. Its mostly an relic of the past which most ad-networks has move away from. The wast majority of websites with ads get paid per clicked ad or per sold unit/registration. They don't get paid a single dime for visitors that do not click on the ads (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compensation_methods ). The big exception is video and video sites where commercials has a different purpose and economic model (branding mostly). That means, if one never click on ads on a website, it's equivalent to running ad-block on your browser. There is no moral superior choice by allowing ads to run on the screen. When we do, we are just fooling ourself into believing we are "contributing". At worst, we get a worse impression of the website and thus won't encourage others users who would click on the ad to visits the website. However, I doubt this has anything to do with economics and all to do with the ap-market and it's image. Google want to encourage new developers to code for the Google Play market place, and thus anything that might scare away developers is a threat. If by professional websites you mean a few specific publishing websites which google has an CPM agreement with, then yes, those are a extremely small subset. News sites particularly are one large subgroup of that set. But not all Professional websites is news sites. Nor is every professional website using the CPM model just because they got a team of people which are depending on the ad revenue. They commonly use the other form of compensation model which one can read in the above Wikipedia link. CPM model is an rare/antique model outside publishing (news) sites. While looking around for statistics, I can't even find anyone that mention CPM alongside with PPC and PPS. PPC looks to be the dominant model, with PPS taking almost everything else. ( https://strategyplanone.wordpress.com/2012/07/20/pay-per-cli... ) That one include digital videos, which they say includes cable and spot TV (I assume based on the article that this mean streaming sites and sport commentators?). Thus We are now trailing far far away from ads on a website which is the primary purpose of ad-block. TV and by extension video is basically never PPC or PPI based for their advertisement model. For better statistics, lets pick advertising companies that only offer banner and text ads (like ad-word), or which has clear way to separate them. We also want the number of sites that use each type of model and not the total revenue for the ad company. I am not the least surprised that video streaming, sport channels, and news papers has a much larger revenue source for ad companies than say all other type of websites combined. Feel free to point to statistics that proves this wrong. Ty, that report was an interesting read. Rich media and Digital Video was way smaller than I would had thought, and email way bigger than I ever feared. Sad that they didn't include a Revenues by pricing model for each of search and banner specific market. The second thing I would have very much liked to see which markets sold the space. A computer or a car or a lamp or soda is different from a plant because they do not propagate and create new versions of themselves. Well, maybe the soda but I am rather sure neither the car of computer can do it. Well, a 3rd printed computer could but lets just say that self-propagating patented products are legally messy things. As a consumer or business owner, there is not much one can do beyond keeping ones eye close and hope no one will sue. If they do sue, hope that the judge is a fair minded person that will consider intent and what is human possible regarding patent knowledge. If a product is bought and sold, it should mean that ownership has been transferred. If ownership has changed hands, then the previous owner should not be allowed to retain control over the product. DRM, withholding of root passwords, forced updates, it really shouldn't matter. The owner should be the person of total control, and anyone interfering with that should be sent to court as a thief or intruder. This was after all the economic model in USA before DRM was invented. There is nothing stopping Monsanto in selling those in the US or markets outside of India. However, in lands commonly plagued by famine, I could see the argument that terminator seeds would impose a serious security risk to the population. If for some reason the harvest fail, then the farmers is out of both money and seeds to survive for the next year. There would be nothing to fall back on. Terminator seeds would become de-facto time-bombs that are triggered during bad years, and I would understand a government depended on farming to outlaw such seed. Correction : Below commenter is right that there might be legal issues in using the seeds even outside countries that has explicitly outlawed it. My fault for just reading the sources and not the whole Wikipedia section. > I don't see why anyone would develop new plants. A large portion of the most powerful companies are depended on fuel. With constantly climbing oil prices, renewable sources are very much sought after. The military would likely be willing to send top dollars for research into more effective crops and plants. Almost all plants used in farming is also used for biofuel (corn, soy and sugarcane to just mention a few). Animal fat is also used, so basically anything a farm produce could improve the biofuel industry. This is an industry with a loot of money to send researchers regardless of any patents involved. That is actually incorrect. Once you bought the physical book, it is yours. There is no license involved¹, and you may do what ever you want with your property. However, copyright law adds an incursion on top of property rights, which by government law adds a limitation to what the owner of the private property might do. 1) Some books include a legal trick by adding a shrink wrap around the book. The claim is that by breaking such "seal", the owner of the book agrees to a legal binding contract (confusingly called a "License Agreement") with the book publisher. Such practice has a long history of being non-enforceable outside the United States, and a sketchy history within. While its indeed not an zero-sum game where we have a clear good guy and a clear bad guy, there are some clear good outcomes. Lets call them mini-victories. The patent fight is one of them. Rounded corners, button less interface, menu areas outside the screen. All those are of practical purpose and should never have been allowed to be design patented. Same goes for basic iconic figures for applications, a table view interface, slide to unlock and any "natural" gestures. Then there are FRAND patents, where a clear model for deciding prices would help in making the market more predictable for new ventures. If we look at DRM, lockdown and DMCA, we also have a mini-victory that we need to fight over. Here we have a moral argument that the device owner should be in control and not Apple, Google or Samsung. Consumers need to get a win here. I could mention that some actors in all this are behaving worse than others, and if one had to pick one evil over the others then I know where I would lean. But that is just a secondary issue in all this. Primarily, consumers and new actors on the phone market need to win. Those are the true "good guys" in the fight. It still doesnt make it right, nor is it any sane or logic reasoning behind the drone use. Ever time I hear someone explain the wars as an legit response to the 9/11 attack, it sounds as an "excuse" a kid would make after a school massacre. Oh look he say, there was this evil kid who hit and kicked me that other day, so I took my dads machine gun and extracted my revenged. The other children and teachers sheltered that bully, so they deserved what they got. It was justice, he said. There are no sane reasoning behind such claim. There are also no sane reasoning behind any claimed connection between 9/11 and the current wars or drone usage. I understand that the kid received a great injustice from the bully. I can understand the need for revenge. 9/11 was also a great injustice where people craved for revenge. But sanity left quick after, and we got schools with dead bodies and two wars. That, and drones. Money in the bank is not your money anymore. By the time of credit cards, banks moved from being a custodian of money, to a service provider that can cut anyone off from their service. Sure, this time it was not the banks itself but rather the government that did this, but they could only do this because banks and government has stopped seeing money in the bank as belonging to the person who put it there. They would have never gone to a farmer and taken 10% of their grain. They would have never gone and taken physical property in peoples home. That would had been an complete impossibility. I even strongly doubt that any safety deposit boxes will be effect by this. I understand the idea that this is a blow against companies that are using Cyprus as an tax haven. Its fully understandable. But I really dislike this current system of treating money in the bank as belonging to the bank. This story is just a clear example of this behavior expanding further. The middle ages had merchant banks, which is quite a step away from the bank that ordinary citizens use to place their earned wages. Instead, the 17th and 18th centuries are a good milestone in the the history of banking where its function is similar to the one we expect today. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_banking ) The short answer is yes. The long answer is a bit more complicated by it will result in the same answer. Companies in EU can send data over to NA to have it "processed". Once there, the data is outside the protection of EU law, and can be sold without hindrance. For patient data, there are some exceptional laws in some countries. While I hope it does become EU law someday, we are not there yet. I have never heard of any laws that allow one to export data but then to give some guarantee that the data won't be sold. Source? But for the general case (ie a normal business venture), people are already using services that will exploit/refine any personal data being sent there. Gmail is one, but Facebook is a better example. Facebook will use the data even if it about someone who aren't a Facebook user. Cloud services could be doing things, but I am not sure its true in practice yet. Mobile apps are already getting and selling data, and has a long history of doing exactly that. Webshops that use paypal are sending their customer data to paypal. If one read their privacy policy, one can see that they use the data to: a) compare information and verify it with third parties. b) Send to companies that perform marketing and "other services" for paypal. c) Send aggregated statistical data to their business partners. d) send any data to eBay Inc. corporate family—like eBay, Skype or Shopping.com ( https://cms.paypal.com/au/cgi-bin/marketingweb?cmd=_render-c... ) I wrote about this a while back on a other thread. One answer I have received to the question about "why is it perfectly moral to eat animals", was that the ecology balance in nature would break down if humanity suddenly stopped eating meat. Not only have we forced our self to be part of almost everything, but our actions have cemented us to a central position. Farmers has chased away predators to the point where hunters are needed to maintain balance in many forests. Some lakes are so polluted with nutrients, that you need to maintain fishing just to keep some species from extincting other less common fish species. This doesn't address however why breeding animals for meat is fine. This is speculation, but some local farmers might say that as long the animal can live a happy life, then why shouldn't we eat them. The farmer job is to maintain a happy flock of chickens/cows/turkeys, and makes sure it stay healthy and in appropriate size. If they do that, then morality should be on their side. Farms that do not maintain a happy flock, or farmers that exploit and treat animals cruelly should not be allowed to have animals. We do not need to stop eating meat to get this result, as it just common sense. If a person beats their dog, or strangle kittens, we do not propose to stop allowing people to have cats or dogs. We just put the cat strangler in jail, or have large fines applied to the guilty person. The problem regarding "factory farming" is that we do not enforce such policy. For security beyond just trusting root (and by proxy, mostly the OS itself), there are options but the amount of work needed increase quite steeply. I am pretty sure that SELinux could provide some defense against memory reading by root, however it takes a lot of configuration and setup to get it done "right". If one want to leave the OS altogether, One could also use a external physical security device, through it too need to be done in a correct way. Some hardware encryption acceleration devices might have an option to store keys only locally and never give it away to the host, but I doubt this is true for all. If we suddenly stopped eating meat, we would put several species into extinction. Maybe that would be an acceptable loss, but letting several species go extinct to "prove" how wrong we humans are would not be the way I would promote ecological improvement. Better to deal with the issues where they are. Over fishing should be dealt with. Countries are just now realizing that the sea doesnt stop at the border. If they could put so much money and effort into ACTA/SOPA, then maybe they could put some energy into fixing this? If US can put countries in a naughty list because some country didn't jump and enforce to US copyright law, maybe EU could put countries on a naughty list because they don't follow follow fishing rules. I would fully support a increased import tax on meat from countries with lower standards of animal care. In Sweden where I live, meat produced here is about 2x more expensive than meat made elsewhere. I would also like to see a max amount of h20 in the meat, as meat made from "where it is cheapest" tend to be made of 20% water. Both would help in making regulated meat more competitive against imported unregulated meat. I would be slightly surprised if national police use such raw methods as liquid nitrogen. It is fast, but it has risk of damaging the ram. Much safer (but slower) is to hook directly into the bus and communicate with the ram itself. I guess its a trade off between speed and security, which mean it depend on the case specifics. The US has not gone very far yet with their anti money laundering program. In Sweden, we have got to the point where one can only withdraw a maximum amount of $200/$1000 a day (it depend on the ATM, where common one is the $200 version). There is also a hard limit of $2000 a week. Alternative, one can "request" a larger withdraw from the bank which means two consecutive physical visits to a designated bank office, with a week between, and during designated hours (10-14). At the bank, they may ask you questions regarding the nature of the money withdraw, and is allowed to deny you if they feel the answer is unsatisfactory. As a side note, an ID is also always required for any money transfer no matter transaction size. They also removed the option for SMS payments (it was considered too anonymous). The effect from this have been that the most common form of donations to red-cross and the likes has dropped with 90%. Last, any transaction (all sizes) is logged and shared internationally with EU and US. There is very few who still deals with physical cash. Employers has to go through the same procedures, so salaries are almost exclusively paid through the bank. For stores, most push customers to use personal card bounded to your bank account. The trains/buses uses a personalized travel card, and most has stopped taking physical cash altogether. Supermarket stores and gas stations has their "member" cards, but has also tried to move to smart phone apps (they get positional data on their customer through this method). Everyone else mostly takes both credit card and physical cash, but some towns have tried to move to credit card only. The common type of expenses is almost exclusively done through credit cards. Food, travel, gas, and bills have gone so far that its difficult (and often more expensive) to use physical cash rather than something bound to the bank account. Its perfectly viable to live/visit stockholm and not have any physical cash on you. Of course one would have to live with the fact that the bank takes transaction fees (if your not using a Swedish bank), and that any purchase is logged. Im comparing with google's detection systems, and I got a question. Google search detection system that identify a real user from a bot has always failed when the user travels through the Tor system. Thus, it looks to me that any machine learning system, even those produced by someone with immense amount of data, will always have a high false-alarm rate. This is also obvious if one look at gmail when it wrongly mark legit mails as spam, and at IDS/virus market. How will Sift Science will deal with the issues of false-alarms, and how should website owner act regarding the score. Should they automatically follow the score given, or just flag suspected users. What is the suggested best practice? If its a webstore, should they block, delay, or just observe the transaction? SEB seems to lack a day limit, but has a "for each withdraw" limit of $1500 and a 4-day limit of $3000. This is also only in special ATMs, where the common form again only allow for a ~$200 withdraw. If the is per day or per witdraw I do not know. ( http://www.seb.se/pow/wcp/index.asp?ss=/pow/wcp/templates/se... ) On other hand, SEB has a hard limit of $14000 a month regarding any type of transaction (bank wire, withdraws, ectra). as a side note, should test both types of atm to see if its per withdraw or per day. They do not actually say it explicitly. I have never tried to do 15 withdraws in a row on the same machine. I suspect the line behind me will start to mutter... Each bank differs slightly, through a good summery is a blog post from 2010 ( http://mfc.elmberg.net/2010/03/07/kontantuttag-vad-galler-fo... ). I am quite sure however that most is not law, but rather the banks trying to increase earnings by pushing customers to use credit cards over cash. However, if you ask the banks, they will say its to limit the number of robberies at banks. Given the speed that we are moving towards a cashless society, the truth is likely a mix of them all. I picked Swedbanks number in my post above, mostly because they are focused on normal consumers and less so at businesses. The numbers are also fairly similar to other banks, with only a few hundred dollars in difference compared to other banks. Their exact numbers are written on their website ( http://www.swedbank.se/privat/kort-och-betalningar/kort/om-k... ). However, I couldn't find a link for the procedure with larger transactions. The best I could find is this news paper article ( http://www.sydsvenskan.se/ekonomi/bankerna-stoppar-stora-utt... ). I learned personally the procedure by calling my bank and going through the process myself. The case about walled gardesn is the same old argument but in new clothes. Every so often, someone comes along and says that people don't know what is good for them, so its better that someone decide for them rather to let "them" decide. Sometimes it happens in politics, and we get dictatorships. Sometimes it happen in the market, and we get illegal monopolies. Sometimes it happen with the police force, and we get a police state. Sometimes it happens in crime, and we get mafias. Sometimes it happens in families, and we get forced marriages. And sometimes it happen with software, and we get walled gardens. Deciding for people by removing all choices are not "a better way". We just tend to forget what the cost are of losing the ability to choice for our self. Its that, or we are just saying that all software around us is just of such small importance that being allowed to decide your own fate is not an important thing. Do North Korea have the expertise to do such attack? It sounds to me more likely that supporters of North Korea did it (say groups inside China). I especially like how he took the latest and greatest version of raid tools, compiled it by hand, and was surprised that something broke. He doesn't say it, but could it just possible be that it was a alpha build? a non-long term release? There are reason why debian takes painful months to create releases. They don't just say "ooo, this Friday, lets just pull what ever the git repository has and use that". Windows has also gone down this road. When windows 8 was released, the software was actually a half-year old since beta. if ones is using beta windows 8 and its raid had broken down, would one blame windows or one self? Almost everyone can understand irrational fear. Phobias exist almost everywhere, and by dictionary definition, its disproportional fear to the actual dangers. In clinical psychology, its defined as a type of anxiety disorder. It belongs in the same category as people who are afraid of small rodents, small spaces, large spaces and meteors. Almost anyone with a phobia can put themselves in the shoes of someone else with a different phobia. It should be added that around 10% of adults has some kind of phobia. Its common, and perfect understandable. At the same time, there is not much anyone can do about it. Avoiding all possible triggers for phobias is neither a option nor is it even a good thing. Treatments for phobias often include some kind of desensitisation by exposure, so avoidance is actually decremental. That said, crude jokes are boring. I would just had told the two guys to be quiet because the python talk is infinitive more interesting than some crude joke regarding anatomy. Fire the individual has as about as much sense, as kicking someone out of an airport because they happen to have a bottle with more than 3.4 ounce of liquid. Sure, there might be a rule or code, but there is also a thing called overreaction. What mistake is it that this person should have changed? Not to use any from of possible objectionable joke/language when talking privately with a friend but in a public setting? I guess he should never again say anything that has to do with politics, religion, sex, violence, or technical standards. Or is it to avoid any places with people he doesn't know. Avoid all conferences, bars, cities, towns, buss stations and so on? Only ever be at places where he know he can speak freely without anyone taking "offense" if what he said is overheard. And here we have the center argument why some people don't go to a movie theaters. Its noisy. The volume is not set to a personal setting. Its crowded (and by definition, again noisy). While one can ask extra loud people to tone it down, you can't eliminate all sound a crowd has. So long people talk to just the person next to them, that is often considered acceptable. The only other option is to view the movie at home. I know crackers have the same issue. They can't help not to look when people freely type their passwords in front of them during conferences. How can they not look memorize that password? And from there to use it or post it on twitter is just a small step right? Admins has the same problems. A co-worker ask them for help fixing their emails, and the content of those email are just there. How can they not see the conversation about sexual diseases being present in the inbox. And from there to complain on twitter about it is just a small step. Polite behavior is to sometimes not look/listen/read even if its being done right in front of you. At least one should have the decency of not go out and post it on twitter, even if one is "offended" by what you saw/heard. > There is horrifying sexism in the comments that have been posted over the past 24 hours, So long those posts get down voted, the community is actually dealing with the bad comments. Before you accuse everyone on HN to be sexists, please provide evidence that her gender is the cause of the comments. If a guy would had overheard two women, and found what they said to be offensive and hanged them out on twitter, would people send him roses instead? Say one of the women got fired. Everyone would cheer right? The DDoS and the personal attacks are horrible, wrong, and just plain bad, but I serious doubt to the point of disbelif that all this is because the gender of the twitter user. > If it didn't start because of her gender, it most certainly became about her gender. So what you are saying is that the insults did not start because of her gender, but the type of insults used are. Peoples vocabulary when it comes to insults are limited. The average west person's vocabulary when it comes to insults are built on sexism, racism, agism, religious hatred, and homophobia. If we go east, nationality also pops in. If we go middle east, religious hatred starts to take a more prominent form. This is quite a large social problem, and is no where close limited to the technical crowd. People on hacker news a people too, and they are thus limited in their insult vocabulary like everyone else. Thankfully, people who use such insults are commonly down voted and/or removed. That's the community, dealing with bad behavior with the tools given to us. Last, I thought I would go and check and do some searches for feminist in those threads. The three largest thread are 5419071, 5415256 and 5410515. Neither one has a single comment calling Adria a feminist. Not a single one . Maybe you should go and re-read them instead of throwing down false statements? Anything on netflix exist on torrent sites, and yet, netflix get paid subscribers. A lot of people subscribe on netflix for the service. Netflix maintain the hardrives, servers, and catalogs of films. They deal with "downloading" of the new movies when they are released. Even if "right click, save as" was enabled, you still need to download it from a friend or some torrent third party site. You need to know the name of the movie, and deal with software for downloading. You need to know about magenet links and torrent files and seed scores and whatnot. If you just got home from a 10hour work shift, then many people just want to sit down and be entertained for a few hours. Thus there is a need for a service which provides in easy package that will fulfill this need. netflix provides the same service as a DVD stall at the gas station. It just do not compete with torrent sites. People don't by the content, they buy the service. Let ad companies and ad supported SaS do what they are good at - Targeted ads. Target people who want the ads. Give those people the services of easy access to new products, and leave people who do not click on ads alone. There is a simple answer to all this. Its called opt-in. If you need to harass and track users who do not want ads, then either the targeted ads are not targeted enough, or its a failed business model. Time to show which one it is. The article is based on a radio interview, found at ( https://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=406&... ). The reason behind withdrawing the word, and the tone in which it was said was quite illuminating. Basically, Language Council had grown tired and very annoyed by the discussion with the google lawyers and thus opted to skip the whole mess. There exist a few cases where storing passwords in clear text is valid, but this one isn't it. Ask the question: Is the cost of giving the user a new generated password higher than the risk averted by storing the password hashed. If all you have is a login for a website, then the risk is clearly bigger than any cost. It searches for the exact string "I hate my job", thus giving some lovely false positives in "I hate my job... Not!". This make sense. They initially only had bank data from EU, since that was an easier political target to go at. That meant that the first step went through without any issues, so they can now go and expand the scope. It doesn't make it right, but it follow some well known roads in how database systems over people get created. "These attacks are peaking at 300 gb/s (gigabits per second). Is that around like 3000 compromised computers? Maybe 2-5 botnets worth? I might be a bit off on the prices here, but that sound like maybe ~$1k/day on the market? would be nice to get a price tag on the "'biggest attack in history'". On top of the arguments of jackalope, I would like to add one more. For many domains, the A record do not go directly to the actually webserver of the company. Many domain has redirects for SEO reasons, and often get this services directly by their DNS provider (and often do not allow https). Persona prevents this kind of setup. I am also a bit curios if a certificate under one domain can verify a email user of an different domain. If this is really the biggest DDOS attack in known history, its kind of a low bar. The amount of data used to initiate it (given that its an amplification attack) could easy be as low as 50-500 machines with 30-3Mbit/s connections. As described in a earlier article about ratters, ( http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/03/rat-breeders-meet... ) 500 machine is easy achieved daily by an infected torrent, and torrent users tend to have good connections. Or they could be bought from a botnet for a handful amount of cash. 500 machines, even if it would mean 500 new machines each hour, is still pocket cash. Either the Internet is very weak and will break because of 500 machines, or this attack is not worthy a title of "The DDoS that almost broke the Internet". Copyright is an state enforced monopoly, created in 18th century for 18th century society and their goals. Nowhere does it even try to justify such monopoly by wordings of government intervention to prevent unfair competition or free-riding. In the several hundred years since them, no change to the basic fundamentals of the law has had any change, nor has any justification been added. Most anti-copyright folks such as you describe them would welcome stated goals. Preventing unfair competition by state intervention is a fine goal. Lets do that, but then lets also apply 21st century governmental procedure rather than 18th century ones. The steps are quite easy: First you do a cost-benefit analyses such as determining cost and benefit. You ask what the cost to society is. Then you ask questions like how much protections vs how much costs. Is 3 years enough to prevent 90% of the unfair competition? Would 2 more years make that number reach 99%? Maybe a whole 10 years for special products needing special state attention? Cost-benefit analyses. A tool made in the 19th century, was the tool that made 20th century government, and the only two laws not still using it is copyright and patent law. There is nothing to justify such bad use of state power to intervene in the market. Even as a non-lawyer, to my knowledge a judge can not determine something to be fair-use if the defendant don't raise such claim. If the defendant is claiming to be a neutral intermediate between the end-user and the broadcaster, the court has to decide a direct answer to such claim. Everything else is out of scope. If "public performance" should have an effect in distinguishing a distributor from an neutral intermediate could had be an interesting question, but I suspect the answer would be less so. Without a change in the law, "public performance" is either going to be a very dated phrase and thus non-inclusing, or something that means everything that a third-party might see (such as any packet sent over the public network called the Internet). That is false. Copyright is not an property, and does not have property rights. Calling copyright a property is an simplification. Copyright is an state enforced monopoly, given as a privilege by the state to the author. Privileges is not properties, and as thus have no property rights attached to them. Copyright is not different from any other state given privilege. Some people has got permissions to sell drugs, produce weapons or export particular products to specific countries. Neither of those privileges are "rights". Of course, we can turn this around and say that all property right is privileges given by the state (as they are the only one enforcing the law). However, this kind of thinking would then require one to accept that property, like that car parked in the house, is property owned by the state and given as an privilege to someone they define as an owner. It leads to a place where we are better off defining physical objects as different compared to privileges that we receive from the state. FDA already gives a special monopole privilege after clinical trials. FDA want to encourage companies in doing clinical trails, including on drugs which has an expired patent. Evergreening is companies seeking monopole privilege after that original patent protection and the FDA protection has expired. Nothing to do with clinical trials. With your statement, you assume that the state is the owner of everything. That mean that the car in the house is not yours, its the states car that they give to you as a privilege. I for one object heavily on the idea that the state is the owner of everything. Physical objects I got in my own house is mine. Not the state. However, state privileges, be that the right to carry weapons in public places, sell drugs, manufacture weapons, or export dangerous products to any country that I like is not rights . They are privileges give out by the state. My car is not a privilege, but a property I own and has rights to. Privilege given by the state is not property. please stop mixing the two concepts up and try to make them look like one and the same. The state do not own my stuff . Private land can be viewed from many angles. One can see it as a privilege given by the state, and others as property owned by the person living on it. The biggest difference is how one want to look at it. If the state owns it, then they decide what to do with it. Build a road through the house? No problem! If its a property owned by the individual who lives on it, then no way a road can just be built there. The person arguing that land is owned by the state then must accept that the state then has ll the right to do what ever they want with the land. Its theirs after all. GPLv3 patent licensing clause was created as a copy/fork of the clause from Apache 2.0 license, and then had an added statement about patent license agreements. Of all those examples you gave, only the space ship is within the last half decade, and full fill the requirement of an non-obvious, novel, and clear enough patent where one can out of the patent produce something akind to the claimed invention. the LTE link is a good example of BAD patents. Their best example MPEG LA patents, which is neither novel, non-obvious or patents written so that someone can produce the claimed invention. I guess the moral of the story is: If you produce space ship designs, then maybe its worth patenting it. The article about LTE patents present MPEG LA's patents as the best, so lets then list the actually patents in use: http://lists.whatwg.org/htdig.cgi/whatwg-whatwg.org/2009-Jul... Lets pick the first one on the list... Afterall, MPEG LA's patents is the best example of LTE patents, so any ones of theirs must be good. http://patft1.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&Se... A method and apparatus for variable accuracy inter-picture timing specification for digital video encoding is disclosed. Specifically, the present invention discloses a system that allows the relative timing of nearby video pictures to be encoded in a very efficient manner. In one embodiment, the display time difference between a current video picture and a nearby video picture is determined. A great patent. Very novel. Very clear. Please note that patents are not considered by the FDA as an compensation method in regard to investment in clinical trials. For clinical trials, FDA gives out a special monopole status to encourage further trials to be made. In this case, Tecfidera got exclusivity power in the market from both the FDA and the patent office. Agree. Here we got a juvenile offending doing vandalism to a website. (The suggested claim). Normally, if a youth do a first time offense, and its a Misdemeanor (which vandalism is grouped as), the act is generally punished by a small monetary fine. Even trespassing, ie unlawful access, is a Misdemeanor. Society need to stop treating things "on the Internet" different from actions "not done on the Internet". vandalism and trespassing is no different if its done to a store, or a webshop. If the police house wall was spray painted, or their website defaced, why should the first one give a small fine and the other several years in prison? It makes no sense. Imagine a few kids throwing rocks or sticks at buildings. A rather petty crime, normally punished by a small fine for first time offenders and youths. No reason to throw them in jail for several years right? Then say they throw their rocks not at some store window, but at a power station. Maybe at a hydroplant (those turbines do not like large rocks), or a solar plant (glass!). Maybe its at a electrical substation (a wet/icy stick or metal rod between two lines will cause shorts and break things). The damage from such actions can be catastrophic. Life and livelihood can be lost for a large number of people. What if the power for the hospital gets interrupted, or the chemical plant? This leaves us with a simple question then. Should we send teenagers that throw rocks and sticks/rods in jail for up to 10 years? Is jailtime a proper method to discourage kids from throwing rocks at power stations? In my society, that's has not been the current approach, and we have not had much failures from kids throwing rocks at power stations (or hacks for that matter). Schools, proper parenting, and after school activities has served the role of prevention. So long both teenagers are first time offenders, then the justice system should treat them the same. Its true that the crowd surrounding a street hood tagger is likely to be much worse than the prankster, but we don't normally add harsher punishment depending on the people the accused hangs around (except in regard to conspiracy charges). I recommend looking into ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vandalism#Research_into_vandal... ). Play vandalism and Malicious vandalism looks to match most kind of website defacing and stone throwing vandals. Throwing a metal bar at a electrical substation to see sparks go off could be done either out of anger or play. Upbrining and after-school activities tend to be the best way in teaching kids not to cause damage where society is most vulnerable. Of course, improving the infrastructure so no website defacing will leak sensitive information or turns of the power to the hospital is also useful. Most Electrical substation tend to have a fence. In a competitive world, you can either compete in having the best product, or try to change focus on bundled extras. Fast food restaurants was an early adopter with this when they started the "a toy in each meal" campaign and stopped competing for the best food. Has SQL Server started go down on that road, focusing more on the bundled tools than the main product? > the wireless provider reached out remotely to reprogram an air card It's almost like people don't their own bought property after sale. The person who thought he owned the device after buying it basically got fooled - it was only rented for an unlimited time. Going from there to an warrant-less tracking is easy. If Verizon permit the reprogramming and tracking of "their" device, then its legally allowed. They might need to add something to the 35 pages EULA, in case some states dislike warrant-less tracking of the person using the device, but it can be phrased as "improving the experience". If your business model is complete and utterly depended on a single third-party company, one need to be aware of the risk. It should be in every iphone exclusive company mind that Apple is in complete control, and are the sole dictator in what business models is allowed to exist on the phone. Startups should thus do risk analyzes as part of creating a business plan. If your depended on a single supplier, then it need to be calculated in. If the supplier ever feels threatened, or has reason to enter your market, then there is nothing one can do to prevents them from cutting you of. The only option is to either gamble that it wont happen, or diversify your business to the point where you are no longer in a fully depended relationship with the supplier. It should be mentioned that the business model of service providers when they implement a "walled garden" (Closed platform) is to retain a complete level of control. If app developers would refuse to develop to walled gardens, then this kind of problems would not exist. Sure, most people don't care about what the car can or can't do most of the time. Many new cars do not allow unlicensed people to repair the car. You need a signed key to do changes to the car, repair it, or adjust the engine. In the end, most people will get the normal use out of their car. It might be a bit more expensive and inconvenient, but in the end it will be just enthusiasts that actually care about being able to install custom parts on the car, or adjust the engine, or for that matter do repairs themselves. > what's the point in developing anything. One good reason to developing better farming techniques is that a large number of wealthy organization would profit, and such are more than willing to spend money on research. If I went to the military and said I had a method to produce biofuel at 50% the current price, would a likely response be: "No! If you don't have a patent, we are not going to give you any money for that. We are happy to spend loads of money on more expensive methods for fuel. We the army lives for patents!" Lets take a hard look on something like corn. From chemical industry to food to fuel. I am sure not a single company would want to spend money on research into better production if there was no patents. Cheaper production and less risks be damned. Or... and this is just a thought... Some research is like math. There is intrinsic benefit from improved technology. The army is not hurt because others can also produce cheaper fuel. Its hard to beat the irony where a game development company, A company with the business model of producing entertainment, is voted as the Worst Company in the United States. One do not need to look for altruistic motives. Investment into research happens as long it reduce cost and risk for businesses. Its true that a individual farmer might have a hard time to justify research investment, but those companies who is depended on grains as a form of resource has all the reasons in the world to invest in cheaper and more sustainable farming. Its the same business motive as why Microsoft sent in kernel patches as open source. No one doubt that the motive was for-profit. It should be mentioned that those laws are being eroded. The sanctiness of the post is no longer as safe as it used to be. https won't prevent the whole redirect request to be logged and stored in an decrypted format. Google will take a comeplete search string (search/#search=things+I+want+to+buy), and redirect that . the search parameters are perfectly visible for the redirect server. Google apparently want to destroy the current very well used concept of local domain name, and which mean they either need to change how computers resolve names or introduce inconsistency and large delays in what developer get when their programs do name resolving. Beyond that, inconsistency in users experience means all from confusion to security issues. Maybe they should first try this with their own browser experience? Make chrome eat up local domain names and see how good that goes. At worst, they just send users and business users to a other browser such as Firefox, and if its such a good idea, they can show graphs of people that flocked to use chrome because of this idea. > the patentability of modifications to existing drugs under Indian law A key point here is that the original drug itself was patented, and has expired. The issue that the Indian court had with Gleevec patent application is that it only rearranged the molecule in a new crystal pattern, ie Polymorphism. The Indian court consider polymorphism to be a well known technique when working with drugs, and just applying polymorphism to a old drug and record what it did do not fulfill the requirement for patentable.