Agreed, and it may be pedantic of me, but I fail to see the Lisp-ness of this; merely using a defun function and a list data structure does not qualify. I realize this is not the forum for this, but hopefully it will serve as a warning to others: the linked article does not scroll on the iPhone (horiz or vert orientation). "Cool" layouts are all fun and games, but usability is king. I am currently in Paris and based on this city (for sure!) and actually a lot of my other international experiences: it seems to be a uniquely American idea that the public sometimes has human needs. I say that kind of tongue in cheek, but to prevent every European from flaming me: I really am trying to understand what the alternative is that other countries are practicing. Drink less? More stamina? Or, as in Sydney: just find a convenient wall? This may not help your particular situation, but I'd urge you to try VLC ( http://videolan.org/ ) since it has awesome support for playing YouTube videos. It requires that you paste the YouTube URL into its "Open Network Stream" dialog, but is otherwise painless. Almost anything has to be better than using Media Player Classic. It probably does not, but probably could: JDownloader ( http://jdownloader.org/home/index?s=lng_en ) claims allow access to the content on those type sites. However, having said that, there are probably clear legal lines between merely making a torrent file for any given content and actively circumventing interstitials. IANAL. I will need you to cite your source on that claim. I have the original Blue, with the chip to which you refer, and can assure you that it is not the same chip as in "chip and pin". It was marketed by Amex with a special RFID-esque reader that was designed to unlock your Amex "password vault" or some such silliness. It was such a flop that the new Amex cards have switched to actual RFID (or similar technology) for use in "Speed Pay" or whatever, in that you need not take your card out of your wallet to buy things at CVS or Whole Foods (for example). My company ( http://guidewire.com/ ) sponsors that work, and our developers have been using the DCEVM for day-to-day work for a couple of months now. It seems pretty stable. I think you're thinking of NaCL ( http://code.google.com/p/nativeclient/ ) In contrast, Google Frame is designed to make the deployment hassle for new browsers simpler (user still clicks on "The Internet"). And is community built, so please contribute your CD listings. I don't have any experience with their audio file (MP3, AAC, etc) fingerprinting, but I can tell you it's a great experience to pop in a freshly purchased CD and have MusicBrainz find it. I know that experience comes from some other kind soul having input the CD, so I try very hard to make sure I do the same. I have two comments about that, one idealistic and one pragmatic. If I am not mistaken, the state-centric view taken by the founders was to afford the people a vote-by-shoe-leather system. It literally was: "if you don't like it here, leave" but without the bile. Also, as was mentioned elsewhere in this thread, in order for your interests to "win" in a federally-scoped election, you have to convince a ton more people, who [as members of other states, natch] quite possibly have a very different life situation than you do. In order for your interests to prevail in a state-scoped election, you only have to convince a smaller set of voters who are very likely in your same situation. I hope dearly that Lawrence Lessig succeeds in actually calling a constitutional convention ( http://www.callaconvention.org ), if for no other reason than to strike out your "in theory" qualifier. There are lots of things that Skype "could" fix. The point that I am hearing from the GP is that they do not CHOOSE to fix them. You should see the Skype 5 beta for Windows. What a UI cluster that thing is, and has been for quite some time now. And I just tried Skype for my HTC Desire on 2.1 and yikes, he's right: it's a usability nightmare. And if you think the folks at unrEVOked aren't doing their damnedest to achieve that goal, then I think you're mistaken. However, the reason they don't have that toy (and the same reason another random startup won't) is because the process does carry some non-zero risk and complexity when viewed across the spectrum of all devices. It is my opinion that the risk is only going to get worse over time, given the animosity that hardware manufacturers feel toward the hacker community. Jailbreakme.com is outstanding, but they only had to deal with a small microcosm of hardware/OS tuples (which, if I'm not mistaken, is actually the topic under discussion right now). I'm not an expert in BitTorrent, but in my mental model, aren't you siphoning away seeders from the _official_ Ubuntu trackers by using burnbit? I can appreciate using burnbit for certain behemoth companies that don't normally publish via torrent, but since ubuntu.com actually offers them along-side the isos, this smells counterproductive. I believe that Google agrees with you: http://code.google.com/p/chromium-os/ I mean this in a genuinely inquisitive spirit: is it Walgreen's responsibility to provide such a thing, considering they are just the retail outlet for the device? I would expect that Maylon Group (or whoever is the actual system integrator) is on the hook for publishing customizations. This, along with a thousand other reasons, is why it is so important that the hardware not impose restrictions on what the owner can load on the device. Running custom ROMs is not just for phones, but is for anyone who has special requirements (privacy, speed, specific usage domain, etc). I don't mean this sarcastically, but in the age of VirtualBox (which is not only a great product, but is also FOSS, so it appeals to a large market), why not just install F14 and give it a whirl? That way, you won't be dissuaded by someone else's opinion, and you won't have to explain your metrics to them. Having said that, I mostly agree with the other posters on this thread: Ubuntu is for your "I just want it to work" types, and Fedora is for sysadmin-hackery-types. Also, Pragmatic Programmers is offering the 3rd edition of their Pickaxe Ruby book for USD$10 (paper or ebook) http://media.pragprog.com/newsletters/2010-11-11.html It also says that owners of previous editions get the upgrade for free. I have not yet researched to see if that is their policy across the board, but it's a mighty fine gesture, either way. > Google Adsense? I recognize that you're being downvoted for not actually contributing to the conversation, but I'm going to use your comment as a springboard to make a point that's been bothering me. I have serious doubts about the mobile ad space for the following three reasons. First, what kind of user experience is it to "click" on an ad on your mobile device? I go out of my way not to read actual webpages on the 4" screen, and thus I am certainly not going to try and conduct a learning exercise about your product nor am I going to suffer through typing my payment details to buy something. Second, and I think I recall reading somewhere that an ad platform seeks to change this [maybe they all do!], but chances are that I'm currently using my mobile device for something. Unlike the magic Ctrl-click to open an ad in a new tab, if I were to have a sudden urge to click on an ad, that is going to interrupt whatever it is that I am trying to accomplish right now. Strong disincentive to do anything of the sort. Finally, it has been overwhelmingly my experience that an app which uses an ad network is going to have lag and is going to incur pauses while I am trying to do something on my mobile. Maybe on wifi it's less of a big deal, but the times that I use my mobile on wifi are minimal, otherwise it would be a netbook. I agree with in-app purchases as one of the money-making vehicles for the mobile market. I believe, also, in trial versions and outright purchasing apps based on good reviews. But seriously: can we please skip past trying to replicate the success of the ad networks from the web? This is an awesome idea. Well, let me restate that: this is an awesome geek hack. I posit that this kind of tomfoolery is required because (in my experience) profiling tools are (1) expensive (2) hard to use (3) inaccurate [could be due to #2] or the combination of the preceding. Also, my current employer's tests run in the order of magnitude of hours, and I doubt very seriously that they are I/O bound (or network bound) in the manner that this page discusses. But, again falling back on the "hard to know without tooling", I couldn't state with any confidence exactly what the problem is with the tests, so this may be a great start toward finding out. At the risk of this topic being hijacked by an iTunes-as-music-player debate, one cannot (with a straight face) compare iTunes on Windows to Winamp. I'll grant you that iTunes may be the bee's knees on OSX, but on Windows it is a dog. I actually only recently learned about it. Which makes me wonder if someone "stumbled" upon that, or there is a secret iPhone user's manual that only special people receive. In hindsight, I think that a more "audio scrobber" motion, akin to the way the iPod wheel works, would have been a ton more intuitive. Thank you again, http://lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability/ , for making my web browsing experience safe from the onslaught of backgrounds and fonts. I can see why it's a more often requested story; I found that one far funnier than the parent article. At first, I thought that, too. But having seen the way wave works[1], plus the more real-time nature of Waving, I would actually think that instant messaging notifications would align more closely with Wave's goals. One gets XMPP (Jabber) notification for free, and I would bet a Euro that wiring an XMPP server to AIM or (other) is not overwhelmingly hard. 1 = http://www.waveprotocol.org/code/installation Maybe it's because no one (like myself) thought of submitting those kinds of links. Observe: https://github.com/jpallen/clsi http://code.google.com/p/common-latex-service-interface/ http://code.google.com/p/latex-lab/ http://www.verbosus.com/ http://monkeytex.bradcater.webfactional.com/ and the parent article's service edit: formatting I've had nothing but success since I edited /etc/hosts and mapped GA hosts to 127.0.0.1. I loathe that lag which was introduced just so someone can save themselves the trouble of analyzing logs. I have it on good authority[1] that Angry Birds is a native-inclusive app. Also, I wouldn't look down my nose at Dalvik-only apps. The JIT (which, AFAIK, is the target of the litigation) gets pretty close to optimal code the longer it runs - and theoretically games run the same code a lot more than your average application. In fact, my EUR0.02 is that native-inclusive apps (just like any Java apps which rely on native libraries) are worse, in my opinion, because it limits the number of platforms that one can execute the apps upon. And as a huge Linux fan, current Mac user, and user of x64 Windows at work, I can assure you that I get left out in the cold a LOT. It's one level of bad to tie your app only to Windows, which coincidentally includes 90% (last metric I heard) of the world. It's another thing entirely to say, "oh, sorry, your Android isn't the same as my Android: too bad for you." 1 = unzip -l AngryBirds_1.3.5.apk|grep -i \\.so I hope my master's project is something interesting like this. However, my first thought upon reading the title of the link was about the comments that were going to appear here: either "lisp already does this" or "this will never be accepted as a mainstream language because it's too chaotic to the project." Section 4.2.3 answered the question I was searching for: what happens in this hybrid model when an "interior" language fails to parse? It's all fun and games to strap on a new mini langage to your source file, but it's less fun and games when you misplace a paren. I wondered if the entire block threw a parse exception or if the whole file failed to load. It appears based on the skim-read that it's the later. p.s. why is "270 version control commits" an achievement? If you have not yet started the tutorial, click on at least the first one. It's snazzy the FireBug-ish console action they have going on there, and the Bespin/Skywriter editor action, too. If this doesn't show what the next generation of web-app looks like, I don't know what would. It remains to be seen, however, how that model holds up to "real" work - which is the same concern I had about Bespin/Skywriter. > it seems like a reach to call this a Lisp compiler without lambda. I think that's a running gag when implementing "lisp." I can recall seeing some "lisp in javascript" library a while back that also neglected to implement that "minor detail." That was "interesting" in that I like expanding my horizons, but it was a terrible presentation. Plus, it looks like Haskell and I got the impression from his lead-in that he was going to introduce a new language. However, I actually came here to say something else about his material: if it is harder to decompose the business requirement into Haskell than it is to write monkey tests for one's Blub language, I am not certain anyone wins when going with a provably correct implementation. I have seen a lot of friction about this over on some other news syndication sites, so in anticipation of that argument here, I offer the following compromise: If not linked to, perhaps as the first comment following submission? I long for the day that I can set a preference in my browser and it automatically views articles in Readability mode, or rolls-up paginated articles. Reading those forums is the mind death (and I don't just mean psx-scene; almost any php forum seems to be a magnet for senseless commentary). To hopefully reduce the amount of ads and dancing monkeys one needs to endure to follow up on the claim that @baq made, here is page 24 in print mode: http://psx-scene.com/forums/f6/ps3-master-key-found-graf_cho... It is my opinion that this he-said-he-said stuff can only be proven out over time, or by validation from a "calmer" information source. I also chose PRK because I was uncomfortable with the flap, and was willing to risk the painful (and slower) healing process. While I am not your scenario with the 3 days, I would say that one week is a proper expectation, with some deviation one way or the other. The pain (in case no one has mentioned it) is very much like leaving a contact in for too long: it feels like your eyeball has been packed in salt. I mean that in both the extreme dehydration sense, and it occasionally actually feels like salt in your eyes. I had a few instances where it felt like needles in my eyes, and that was my only need to use the prescribed pain medicine. It lasted until I fell asleep from the pain pills. I do hope this doesn't come across as a horror story: I absolutely, with no hesitation at all, would do it again and would use the same doctor. I am _extremely_ happy, and sing the praises, but wanted to ensure it is an informed decision for those who might be weighing the pros and cons. "Better" is always a tricky word. I think that it is likely a matter of what aspects are important to you (aside from those patients who are forced into using, or excluded from using, one technology or the other). I received a comprehensive description from my doctor, and chose PRK because I was not comfortable with "the flap," and I was comfortable that there would be some pain and longer healing time. That was my tradeoff, and I am thrilled with how it turned out. I can't comment on your assertion, but I did want to mention the other unspoken item: the network effect. It doesn't matter one whit that I have a moneybookers account if I can't use it to donate to the projects I support (or buy products, etc) because they are not on moneybookers. And I can assure you that "just signing up" for a money movement service is a _non-trivial_ operation. And its cousin, the Heisenbug [1] full-disclosure: I didn't read the linked article, but can only assume that it's in there. 1 = http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heisenbug#Heisenbug I got into the habit of writing literals first from being bitten one too many times by the (absolutely insane!) semantic difference between "=" and "==". In my day job (working with Java) it's less of a problem, but I switch languages so much in my spare time that it has served me well. I think you meant: http://www.youtube.com/user/googlechrome Two fascinating languages in the same blog post. Excellent reading. Holy cow, could a project have picked a worse name than "Rastafarian"? If one searches for "Rastafarian", you can guess what turns up. But even "Rastafarian pdf conversion" seems to drop the "pdf" and returns lots of results for converting to the Rastafarian religion. Same for "convert". I guess I'll have to go trolling through the mobileread.com forums, but just damn. It may not be that long: "do what you contractually said you would and open the TCK" The rest, I have zero doubt, Apache can handle on their own. My complaint with IRC (and I freely admit that it could be that I am not using the "right" client) is that there is just this sea of text on the screen. There is very little formatting to speak of, and it reminds me of everyone talking at once on a conference call. slighty off-topic: I am proud to say that I was introduced to Wealthfront via HN, and I was so impressed by their engineering blog that I went to their website. And it sounded cool, so I joined. And ever since then, I continue to see some awesome things from them, and so far their investment-matchmaking service has paid off, too. Win-win if I've ever heard one. I have such mixed feelings about Facebook as an engineering company. I think that Facebook is the antithesis of Google's "Don't Be Evil", but I get quite giddy when I read about some of the crazy stuff those folks are pulling off over there. It is quite awesome that parity files can save an organization 4 petabytes of storage. See kids? Stay in school: petabytes matter. Sigh: I say we have a new rule that unless the linkee is a major webserving force, that we systemically use Corel Cache. OB cached link: http://www.ppl-pilot.com.nyud.net/mame.aspx Thanks for posting this @davi. I look forward to reading the full article when it comes back online (the link by @oomkiller is a good start, but I really would like to see the source article). I don't know about everyone else, but reading about these kinds of incidents from the pilot's perspective makes me more confident about flying, not less. I have zero doubt that those folks are professionals. Does mastercard.com process payments? I got the impression that it was just the marketing/corporate presence that was affected. Or that also sounds like a great Chrome extension idea. TLA is mildly interesting, but the "redo" entry is above-average interesting, as is the blog as a whole based on the 10 mins I spent reading it. Thanks: good link. I hope this comes across in the genuinely inquizitive manner that I intend it: isn't that what the four beta releases were designed to do: give integrators and users the time to prepare for the impending release? I suspected as much, but thank you for finding and posting the link. Well, my story is only one data point but I have NEVER gotten the "give as gift" feature to work. I have a US account, and have registered two different credit cards and Paypal but always receive "credit card declined, you must update your account" when trying to gift apps. So I would welcome the give as gift feature actually working as advertised. Having been a "professional expat" for the past several years, I can assure you that it's not that simple. Yes, hearing their stories can bias your decision up or down by a few points. But, just like choosing a Linux distro: you can only know if it's for you if you live in it. There are no ways (that I know of) to successfully quantify what one seeks in a situation, otherwise eharmony.com would have taken over the world. I believe the on-disk is pretty well defined nowadays by their open document promise. However, HTML is a published standard, too, yet every copy of IE renders in its own special way. I think that is a far better analogy of what is expected here. The whole javascript-or-NSAPI dilemma for writing extensions in Chrome is a bit of a drag. There is a PRETTY BIG gap between those two APIs. Mozilla opens more of its guts via XUL and XPCOM than does Chrome, which is probably why toys like Live-Headers and Firebug offer more functionality than one finds in the Developer Tools Console. My EUR0.02. I will also remind our technically savvy readership that they offer BitTorrent downloads, if you wish to save them some hosting costs (and speed up the downloads for your neighbors). Interestingly enough, they offer torrents for the source code, too, but per archive, which is kind of a drag. Transmission and I are seeding until 300%. CMD+down-arrow will also open a file; it makes the most sense when one thinks about it as navigating in Finder using only the keyboard. CMD+up-arrow goes higher, CMD+down goes into the folders, until it gets to a file, in which case it goes "into" the file. Is it short-sighted of me to think that a web presence the size of Amazon would have detection measures in place to notice a brute force attack, or are the so busy that one can hide in the noise? While I don't have any intelligent thing to say about Moonlight and Netflix, I did want to point out that Netflix streams to a ton of disparate hardware (and OSes, including "normal" ones such as OSX). Thus, I get the impression this is a legal problem more than a technical one. What a fascinating entry. I absolutely would not want to debug over IRC, and definitely not using gdb. That is some mad skills. Up one level, BTW, is a discussion about his 20% project at Google working with (or against) clang. Also insightful reading. > I don't care if he taught a cat to fish for tuna I'm going to try and remember that phrase; it sounds like it has 1,001 fun uses. :-) Hey, now ... I bet a lot of banks do it, so it must be okay. :-/ Between that, and mandating short passwords, which a LOT of banks do. :-( Interestingly enough, yesterday ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2183183 ) there was a Show-HN for a website designed to perform textual analysis and render the top few most-relevant sentences: http://www.bookshrink.com/ I tried it on this article, and it was neat, but I realized that part of the reason this is so hard to skim is because of the information density in each sentence. Try bookshrink on it and you'll see what I mean after trying to read its output. Not necessarily: lisp has CLOS and components (if I am correctly understanding both your and their definition). I do agree with the premise that FP feels a lot more agile to me, and thus benefits less from a big design-up-front effort. I'm sorry if this is off-topic, but I have become amazingly addicted to Readability's view of webpages. On topic, switching to the Readability view increased my desire to read the article, because I found it less mentally tiring. However, if I had homework due in the upcoming days, I probably would have archived it into Readability, because I doubt reading it would have presented a lot of immediate value. Thank you for that link. It it overwhelmingly scary and makes me feel as though I did not donate enough to the ACLU and EFF. I often wonder if there is any amount which is "enough." The other comment I have is that I heard him say that one person can win, and can make a difference. However, there are two caveats to that statement: if you can get access to the resources of the ACLU and if your story turns out, in the end, as Nick's did. I don't want to be a wet blanket, but I am painfully aware that for his one story, there are [by his account] 200,000 other stories which did not turn out that way. Maybe they are living happy free lives in Ohio, or maybe they were "disappeared." Do you have python? And a BitTorrent encoding library: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/bencode/1.0 ? Then I have something which will help: http://pastie.org/1559062 It conforms to http://bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0019.html and can (of course) be trivially upgraded to conform to http://bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0017.html also. Happy downloading. >>Where the customer service is non-existent: Hi. Any specific problem we can help with? In my experience, "Customer Service" can mean one or both of the following: 1. Actual help to resolve real problems 2. A human voice on the phone to walk you through resetting your computer (or otherwise generally offering moral support) I find that most folks get nervous when #2 is not available, even if they would never use it or it would be unlikely to solve any of their actual problems. The big G does not even pretend, and I think that is possibly to their detriment. > this even works for .html.erb files And ".erb" stands for ...? Assuming they did not want to entirely roll their own impl, I would guess they used the same (code|technique) as Inkscape: http://wiki.inkscape.org/wiki/index.php/Output_format_requir... > "This book needs more cowbell." Funny, I feel that way about most websites ... especially a "website in a box." I feel his pain and I don't even have to implement those specs. I apologize if this is already news, but I only discovered it today. It is exactly what I was looking for when trying to manage the 10TB of HDD space I have, but do not yet have control over it. The submission title is a little bit of a misnomer, as Aperture only uses the ontologies from the semantic desktop ( http://semanticweb.org/wiki/Semantic_Desktop ), but it is close enough for a HN title. I hope others find this enjoyable, too. No, because it enables the user-agent to paginate content before the entire page has even loaded. And presumably the page author knows a priori what the header and footer for the table are going to be, so why not transmit that information to the user-agent as soon as possible? If you examine XSL-FO, they have similar constructs for what I am guessing are similar reasons. This was exactly my answer, before I realized that "webuiarchitect" posted the question 3 times. :-( Thank you, thank you, for posting the print view. One swift backtick and it was ready to read. I believe the poster meant "Command-X" on a file , not on text. In all other graphical shells, if I wish to move a file from one place to another, I do not have to have two separate windows open. Maybe Apple doesn't view this as a problem, but if you come from an OS that permits it, you miss it under OSX. It is especially weird given that CMD-c/CMD-v does work in Finder, just not CMD-x. That leads me to believe that it was intentionally omitted for some bizarre reason. Yup, handy of them to label that functionality, eh? Relevant: http://code.google.com/p/phantomjs/ is a headless browser based on WebKit I don't have any hands-on experience with it, but if one were to go down the path you just described, that project would likely be a great start on that journey. IMHO, not even in the same universe of playability, and if they insist on using the same music as they used in the trailer, I would actually grin while deleting it. I likely will not be surprised by whatever they release. I will be genuinely surprised if anything comes of it. This news strikes me in the same way as a headline proclaiming "US Congress is beholden to special interests" or such. I guess it's good in that we will have something concrete to which one can refer when trying to convince the friends and family to join a credit union. As an aside, I haven't had a similar experience as you have with Ekiga. I would not recommend it for my family members, for example. Don't forget that Skype's UX is only one fraction of why people like or don't like Skype. The codec they use is often vastly superior for "normal people" situations than even commercial SIP clients, or the WebEx-es of the world. I don't doubt that the Skype network topology has something to do with it, but I am (perhaps erroneously) lumping those features together for the purposes of this discussion. Wow, I had forgotten about some of those. Nice reminder. I actually played around with FreeVMS, but I am too young to have ever experienced one in the wild, so after I successfully booted it, I was then stuck. :-/ I have not dabbled with JNode in many, many years, but I find it especially amusing that one of their upcoming release goals is to "use less memory." :-) Speaking of composeable grammars, if you were not already aware JetBrains (maker of the wholly incredible, and now Open Source, IntelliJ) has a language platform which is targeting just that kind of thing. They call it Meta Programming System ( http://www.jetbrains.com/mps/ ) and it is also Open Source. Be forewarned that MPS is almost a closed system. One must develop the grammar only in MPS (no textual grammar to speak of), and the editor for the language described by that grammar is then defined using this bizarre form-layout language (also edited in MPS). One cannot (that I am aware of) take the newly created MPS system for that language and point it at your favorite source code text file. It does have a seemingly powerful code generation system, so it might be possible to generate the textual grammar if you were so inclined. However, the text generator also uses a bizarre language so that is likely more pain than one would wish to endure. The advantage of a system such as that is that there is only The One True Brace Style(tm) because the "braces" and other punctuation are merely icons to please the eye; they are not "editable" like in Emacs. And to save you the trouble of looking, part 1 of 2 is here: http://marakana.com/forums/android/general/269.html 1. PayPal doesn't have a corporate motto of "Don't be evil" 2. We have existing data for the big G via their Google Payments I have long held the opinion that Scribd should go the way of ExpertSexChange and be purged from educated discussions. However, IIRC, that debate was raised here before and there were users who enjoyed the services provided by both of those websites. Thus, I should not expect their demise anytime soon. I have not [yet?] read the linked article, but my first reaction to this headline was: yes, especially if your page doesn't render 50ms after the page title appears in my browser's tab. Interestingly enough, I experience most of that kind of lag due to loading off-site resources, such as Google Analytics and "share this" link crap. I admit am probably more curmudgeonly than most about that kind of thing; I don't want fancy wooshings and crazy rounded corners on the tables. I want the page to load fast and use readability as its design motivation. (You kids get off my lawn) Did you notice that the linked page cited the full URL right below the Scribd rendition of it? http://www.ext.colostate.edu/conferences/ace-netc/lindgaard.... I would love to know if Kayak is one of those "you push to production on your first day" kind of places. The intersection of those two practices (the 7 day recruitment and hit-the-ground-running) could make for some amazing team velocity improvements. IIRC, the traditional way around such legal ambiguity is for the project to offer a configuration variable akin to "input your favorite private key here." If the user is in a country which permits use of the AirPlay key, great, if not then the project can continue to operate as before. Either way, the project is indemnified because /they/ didn't provide the key. "Faster" is not the holy grail metric. Standard compliance and well-thought-out interoperability are high on my list. Don't get me wrong, I don't want to use a dog of a browser, either, but in modern times with dual-core this and 8GB that, one would probably have to actually work at it in order to have a genuinely slow browser. That's pretty funny: giving a sold out talk and then feigning surprise that it ends up in the geek news outlets. I believe the subtlety there is that the RIAA represents the interests of their corporate members, which almost wholly differ from the artist's interests. I also believe that is one of the main reasons they are labeled as "the boogieman," in addition to some pretty boneheaded PR moves. While I agree with what you said, and with the spirit of OSM, be aware of the "network effect" here. Which would you rather have: a million people contributing to (AFAIK) the most widely used online mapping tool, or one hundred people contributing to a more liberally licensed tool? I read somewhere that all Google products are merely a delivery vehicle for AdSense. With that perspective in mind, Google Maps is not designed to advance the state of online mapping, nor does it have any interest in referring folks to another website. I realize that sounds a little conspiratorial, and for that I am sorry, but I mean it in a "for your consideration" kind of way. I don't know if you were asking a rhetorical question, but my opinion is that if you were in court under those circumstances, it's likely you are going to jail. If the FBI finds out you talked, you will be jailed [as I presume that's the threat]; if the court finds out you lied, you will be jailed for perjury. Only if you perjure yourself but don't get caught will you escape. I don't get the impression this was posted for its "hotness," but rather for its nostalgia. Well, partially nostalgia and some HN readers may have never seen an 8086 before in their lives; so in that way, it's a history lesson, too. If you knew it as "SIP Communicator" before, they have undergone a name change to reflect the increase in scope of functionality from "just SIP" into "communications powerhouse." They really describe a lot of audio, video and screen-sharing functionality built-in. The interview is quite interesting as it covers a wide range of applications for a full-featured, Open Source client such as Jitsi. Also, FWIW, I was genuinely surprised by how well it ran and looked on OSX, given that it is a Java app. Forgive my inexperienced question: Is this something you could take to Kickstarter? I have seen some absolutely innovative projects such as yours appear on Kickstarter, but I have no insight into whether it is a good idea for both parties. In short, I guess I would ask: is YC the only path to greatness? I believe Coral CDN ( http://coralcdn.org/ ) is a superior way of surviving a front-page placement on HN. AFAIK, all page assets are cached with Coral, not just the page as GoogleBot sees it. In this particular case it probably didn't matter as much, but for your consideration, anyway. While I detest PayPal, and it makes me livid that any company places upper-bound (and/or character) restrictions on passwords, I did want to mention that Yubico provides a two-factor authentication key which works with PayPal: http://yubico.com/VIP I don't have any stake in either company, but I was glad when Google rolled out 2-factor and I am especially glad to be able to finally use 2-factor for safeguarding my money. FWIW, I believe the idea is to segment the network so you are sharing your bandwidth, but not your "home network." A closer analogy would be letting strangers use the outhouse on your property, but not letting them in the house. The router used by Numericable here in France offers a "guest WiFi" connection out of the box. It is not enabled by default, mind you, but it is available nonetheless. FWIW, one can link directly to a time in a YouTube video using #t=8m tacked on the URL. More information: http://www.google.com/support/youtube/bin/answer.py?hl=en... May i ask what your argument is for requesting this? I didn't realize that there was no "pass through" contact link, so maybe that should be the target of your request. I don't know enough about FB apps to know if this is under your control, but I am presented with the following annoying message when I follow that link: > Sorry! We can't display this content while you're viewing Facebook over a secure connection (https). I am wary of FB apps to begin with, since they are so viral, and switching off https doesn't make me feel more confident. Do you mean "guest wifi" meaning one need not enter a WEP key, or do you mean "open wifi" like is being discussed here? Because it is my understanding from reading the EFF page that they want the Starbucks model (open network and gratis connectivity), which differs from my experience with SFR/Orange/Neuf etc which are revenue-sharing deals [in my experience]. Even Netgear(? or perhaps D-link) in the US shipped access points with some kind of silly revenue-sharing situation. This attitude comes up again and again when PayPal is in the news for doing something (ignorant/unpopular), but those who utter such statements fail to understand the power of the network effect. If you wish to buy something and the seller only accepts PayPal, then good luck with your boycott. In my experience, the larger the retailer, the more infinitesimal the chance that they will "listen to reason" and consider accepting an alternate form of payment. Oh, and did I mention eBay has this affinity for PayPal? From reading the article, and especially the interesting comments thereon, it seems this problem is half a bogus "language" specification and half that the unwashed masses are inputting any damn thing they like and Wikipedia accepts it. I suppose this is one of the knobs that must be tuned to balance between reproducible I/O and turning away meaningful contributions from the community. Without actually trying that code, my guess is that unlike a formal "table", those 3 div tags will have different page-wrap behavior (e.g. not intra-div, but the wrapping of the div elements with respect to the screen width). That may not appear to be a big deal, but try loading that page on a mobile device and it will become a bigger deal. If true, that is hysterical. Turns out, the taliban (et al.) is just as hypocritical as the republicans. Nothing new under the sun, eh? I donate to them and think this effort is outstanding for a number of reasons. Having said that, I keep holding my breath for them to offer a mechanism for attaining course credits through something like OCW. In my humble opinion, if Jane Hacker can demonstrate competency over the material, then she should receive transferrable credits for that accomplishment. In that way, OCW will not only bring education to developing nations, but it would seriously increase the level of education available to Small Town, USA, too. There are plenty of folks in small towns who go to a community college because they want to get their core classes out of the way before paying the Big Bucks for their state college or university. Am I totally off base here or what? I came to say what @rbanffy said about the 360 being a terrible thing to introduce into a school environment, and to add that Apple's usual giveaway is an iPod, which in contrast actually could help in school. As a lay-person, I am at the intersection of "wow, that's insanely cool" and "are you guys just making this up for more research grants?" Thank you for that. About 6 minutes in, one can see the scale of the rocket as someone is welding on a fin. The launch videos linked above do not properly convey the scale, and I was surprised at how big it actually was. Do you have links where one can read more about the submarine? It was my understanding that (for a lot of the steps) it does not matter what mechanism you use, so long as you use the same one. The problem you are addressing would matter if someone were trying to query TinyEye's database without submitting the image to TinyEye's servers. I doubt that it is a lack of "seriousness" which is keeping Bing, Blekko, DDG, et al. from providing competition to Google. It feels to me that the theme of this year for me has been "the network effect," because it just keeps reappearing in my life. Further, the very fact that those other search engines exist is cause for you to take your advertising absorption orbs away from Google if you disagree with their business practices. Voting with your dollars is the basis of the free-market economy, as I understand. I pay via Readability and ( while I'm no expert) I think that is a good balance between the content producers need to feed their kids and my aversion to irrelevant ads. Yes, you just learned the very thing that is under debate here: that unless your mom trolls though HN discussions, she would never guess that opening a web browser and navigating to that cryptic URL is the mechanism for installing a printer. Oh, sorry, I left out the "click shit" part. Do some of that, too. I believe most, if not all, of MSDN now supports user-contributed content alongside the API refs. Thus, it would serve your fellow developers if you were to annotate the lacking documentation with (1) example code or (2) pointers to the blog postings that you found. It reminds me of the old joke: Microsoft knows about cross platform code, as some of their stuff runs on WinXP and Vista Was it only Quake that had such extensive modding capabilities, or was it Duke also? In short, if they stick to the spirit of games from that time, then user content will show up and you'll both get your wish. That's actually a very crafty idea. I actually would have thought that the breathing cycle was more disruptive to a shot than the pulse. I have also wondered if there is a place in that area for the use of gyroscopes. I can't remember if it was a news article or a novel, but my recollection is that shooting from helicopters employed gyros. > I can get OSX to do quite literally everything from the keyboard, I call foul on that one. Perhaps if you said "I can get OSX to eventually do everything from the keyboard". I say that because of the 9 menu items showing for Chrome right now (if one includes the Apple), I can get to exactly one of them using Ctrl-F2. If I wanted to jump to the History menu, it is Ctrl-F2 followed by five right-arrow presses. If I were on Windows, I bet a Euro it would be alt-H or some such. I just get annoyed at people who think that an option to turn on tabbing onto controls and to hotkey onto the Apple menu (or the dock) somehow equates with the incredible keyboard-friendliness of some other OSes. Oh, this article is about Groupon and Livingsocial. I thought it was going to be about DealNews et al. I am actually interested in the eventuality of caffeine (which they did mention) causing adrenal depletion. Those findings would apply even more violently to a more violent stimulant such as amphetamine. I agree with their idea that one can get a spurt of willpower (and brainpower in general, in my experience) from a stimulant but the crash can be debilitating. I had no idea. Thank you for this! Turns out, it works for the newly expanded submenu also. Still more typing, but a vast improvement. It does if one taps the Alt key, IIRC. Same for Firefox 4 (onward). No, and that was my complaint. The post by pdhborges below enlightened me that one can use letters after pressing Ctrl-F2, but it is still quite awkward and I believe it is disruptive to flow. As someone who has to endure the results of NIH, I want to say that such thinking is a poison to the industry. I wish that, if someone is overcome by the vapors of the NIH disease, such a person would confine their reinvention of the wheel to their personal time and not introduce such silliness to the workplace. Of course, I wish for lots of things. I enjoyed reading the Wired article about a black-hat[1] and hope that after all this silliness is over, that we will be treated to another similarly good story. 1=I don't have the url, and it isn't important anyway Sounds suspiciously like it is image heavy (which is understandable in a book about computer vision). I would be curious what the size would be if one used ePub. I really love the "selectable rendering engine" in the menus. It is a bit quirky when trying to switch back and forth, but seems to switch okay from the one used to render the page into the one of your choosing. Also, it was via this release that I learned about the .exe.local directory. There is a "iepreview.exe.local" directory which evidently supersedes the DLL search path (and that is probably how they are able to package all the render engines in a "live" copy of Windows). If anyone else didn't know about Public-Key Stenography, this paper[1] showed up almost everywhere in the search results. It is heavier on the math than I would like for my "wha?" level curiosity, but given the audience here it may be a hit. 1 = http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~biglou/pubkeystego.pdf It is my cursory understanding that 1. the government will not be able to identify "secret" transmissions from normal ones and 2. it only requires the participation of one hop along the route to succeed. Given that my path from Paris to wikipedia.org is 18 hops [excluding my immediate upstream hop], that is a pretty big swatch for hiding "compliant" ISPs. It is my understanding that Tor has defined entry points into the network. This mechanism obscures the diversion point even from the requesting user. It claims to have the added advantage that traffic is not provably subversive, unlike connecting to a Tor network which in and of itself raises suspicions. There are no positions which are good enough to complete such a form. Like a poster mentioned elsewhere: the interview process is also a strong indicator of the internal atmosphere, too. I don't want to work for any company which believes such a form is a good idea. For me, it's not the syntax errors that get me, it's the semantic ones. Oddly enough, I find that to be true when writing Java, also. That is the first time I've seen WebGL: what a mess . Don't get me wrong, I'm certain there is a segment of this community and the web-dev population at large that is thrilled by its standardization, but yikes. I didn't know about duck.com. Does anyone know the story behind that? Between yesterday's news about Download.com and my increasing cynicism, seeing a badge that says "No spyware, No adware, No viruses" strikes fear into my heart. Also, it is helpful to note that it appears to be an alpha release of the 2.01 series, which is even more incentive for me to wait for an official URL. I have some reservations about upgrading the Market app in my CM7.0.3; that strikes me as "plumbing" software, in the same way that I would not update com.android.dialer. Are my concerns founded or is it just inexperience raising its voice? Thank you, that was very helpful and informative. While I agree with you whole-heartedly, I am starting to suspect that ship has sailed. The only weapon I feel I currently have in that war is iReader or Readability. I have given some consideration to "mining" .swf objects, but it is not currently a big enough pain point to further pursue that effort. Oh, I take that back: the "mobile" version of many websites is also nice since they are (usually) more content-oriented and less dancing monkeys. I fear that, too, may change but for the time being it works well. I played around with this framework this afternoon and it's pretty slick. I am especially fond of the examples that it ships with, which include, but don't stop at, the ubiquitous calculator. It suffers from Yet Another Build System syndrome but it's a minor inconvenience compared to the gains from the actual software. I am so scared that this mythical new tablet will use a glossy screen, just like almost every other color tablet out there. I say soft prayers at night that Amazon will build on the readability of the Kindle's screen and make their new device have that same soft matte finish. FWIW, my copy of Parallels 6 has a "Download Chrome OS" in its File menu. Last time I tried it, after some delay I was met with a functional copy of Chrome OS (I don't even recall having to answer any questions). You may find http://www.diffbot.com/ handy for Freefall. I have not played with it a lot, but its claim to fame seems to fit your need. I agree with your premise, but I would like to point out that there is often a significant delay between clicking on a .dmg download and there being some action. I know that I am unlikely to sit idly and watch the download progress-bar; I'm far more likely to switch to some other tab or other application. And then, since my focus is elsewhere, we have returned to the focus stealing situation. Yes, that "beginner's mind" is an invaluable thing. It is true in life as well as in business. I have found that the ability to "revert" to beginner's mind is a skill which I believe can be mastered with practice, and thus improved. Also, thank you for taking notes and for being aware of that situation. I believe the world is a better place when people engage in those behaviors. Their website demonstrates a Qt GUI, as well as a web interface. What would, in your opinion, constitute a "real" Windows port? There are burnbit links for at least the two 64-bit ISOs: http://burnbit.com/torrent/177079/WindowsDeveloperPreview_64... http://burnbit.com/torrent/177080/WindowsDeveloperPreview_64... I get what you're saying, but want to remind you that this kind of math is a skill just like juggling or swallowing swords. Just because some folks train more in web applications, ORM, crazy legacy file formats, whatever, does not automatically make them less of a software engineer. I also quite often draw the distinction between "programmers" and "software engineers", with "computer scientists" sometimes being their own category, and sometimes a subset of the first two. I suppose I did not place the same emphasis on "great" as you did. Alternatively, I couldn't name a "great" Windows UI offhand, anyway. However, my experience is that some Qt apps on Windows behave normally, and depending on the application (but in this case, especially just the need to manage torrents) a web UI works just fine and avoids the waste of developer hours fighting against the local platform's quirks. For my enlightenment, what do you consider as an example of a great Windows UI? Is it common practice for a corporation to release code via one user's Github account? I would expect that if Twitter were open-sourcing something, it would show up as something like https://github.com/twitter/storm (that link is 404, to save you the trouble). What a fascinating site. It also could be used as an Apple advertisement (he said, writing on a MBP 17"). :-) I often wonder what the disadvantage is of moving to an existing, established, understood and already tooled language (such as the ActionScript family) if one is seeking to migrate away from a legacy language such as JavaScript. Now I am using ActionScript to make a point, since I have not yet programmed in it to be able to address how much Dart does or does not mimic the AS syntax. Is ActionScript "type-optional" as with Dart? One can also argue that VBScript is not tooling-friendly. I am talking a little out of school, since I have never had to use VB.net; it could be wholly different. But I have had my fair share of VBScript interactions and those were not fun (Microsoft-isms aside). It's rare that you can find candid descriptions of what it's like to work somewhere.... since Steve felt free to be candid, I figured I'd share my experiences. FWIW, I believe this is the exact kind of thing that glassdoor.com wants to hear. I don't think "self-hosted" means what you think it does, given that the "Source" tab links to https://github.com/gitlabhq/gitlabhq I wonder if I am just bitter, but it feels to me like the problem is not in the availability of software. Even this page on HN summarizes many open source or well-thought-out LMS packages. There seems to be some kind of bad intersection between bureaucracy and apathy (each individual institution scoring higher or one or the other, usually). Alternatively, the less bile-filled version says that it is closer to the old adage: "no one got fired for buying IBM." =~ s/IBM/BlackBoard/. Don't forget that the Google ecosystem is not just the "@gmail.com" or "@googlemail.com" domains. There are tons of deployments of Google Apps for Domains, wherein one authenticates using the DNS domain[1] of the hosted system, not via the "traditional" Google credentials. I could be misunderstanding your concern, however, since the vanilla Apps for Domains does store the credentials in a Google controlled machine, AFAIK. I cannot speak to whether there are any customizable authentication options available with Apps for Domains. 1 = and thus creates a new namespace for usernames I was previously unaware of "AFFS+" screens, and I didn't find a lot of visuals on them. However, I did come across a Flickr set which claims to be a set of photos of an AFFS+ screen outdoors (which is 50% of my interest; the other is whether it is available in a matte display). http://www.flickr.com/photos/51608380@N05/sets/7215762661863... I think the analogy is a little misleading, considering that the IE family is "choose one" but the JVM permits independent installations (most JVM products have gone so far as to just ship with the JRE bundled with their product). I suspect that even the ISS would still pose some significant logistical hurdles for such a long experiment involving so many people. I don't know anything about the physical setup of the on-Earth "shuttle", but I would hope it is larger than the crew quarters onboard the ISS (for sanity's sake). The trade-off, I guess, is that the simulation becomes more real when one incorporates the very real dangers of space. Yes, but on a page discussing a font ? I completely get the reason why code blocks were first introduced in these comments, but think the "int " versus "int " discussion is offtopic. Also, please don't forget that Fedora is available via BitTorrent: http://fedoraproject.org/en/get-fedora-all As a pedantic observation, it is far more likely you observed the normal Linux boot-up process, which sometimes hangs due to a sub-process waiting on a network event or fsck. It would surprise me if such a device had a kernel panic. I see this a fair bit and wonder if moving the arrows further apart (formally by PG or using GreaseMonkey in the interim) has been discussed? I don't have any down arrows, otherwise I would post code instead of just a suggestion. I absolutely would love to see the arrows resized when viewing using a mobile device. In my experience, it is usually an environmental assumption that is mismanaged rather than the "source code" itself being broken. Whether that is failure to check for a dependency, failure to document a dependency or failure to clearly specify which specific version of a dependency is required. And the pain of autotools is a completely separate chapter in describing how "my" environment can differ from "theirs." All of that just goes to show that state management is _the_ hardest part of software. Here is hoping for you to have even half of the marketing juggernaut of that other pig game :-) Isn't that the definition of a patent? FWIW, it appears the project also provides an Android application: http://sourceforge.net/projects/tunesviewer/files/Android/ I tried it on my HTC Desire (Cyanogedmod 7.1.0) and the search function in the app turned up the Harvard statistics class immediately. I hope those accounts below who lamented that they were on their Android tablets see this link. Sheesh, can we not catch a damn break? I didn't read the brief because I don't speak Legalese, but if it is true I cannot fathom what the thinking was behind such a decision. Why did you link to the blog when the actual story is here: http://edition.cnn.com/2012/01/23/politics/rand-paul-tsa/ind... ? I was expected the article to discuss how much the HDD on your machine thrashes (and the fans sound like a jet engine) from scanning every .class and .jar file on your machine, of which there are usually tens of thousands. And I wish I had a Euro for every client site we've had to manage where some javascript scanner thinks it's so smart and drags the performance of a web-app to a crawl. Oh, please, no. I already hate the chimes and beeps and twiddles that echo around the office. The very last thing in the world I want is to have it filled with the previous sounds and "computer: open file january report" And, personal preference aside, there is no way that I can speak the _commands_ as fast as I can type them. For long paragraphs of natural prose, voice recognition is okay; for specific things, not so much. > Let's not forget the big core library which you need to implement if you want it to be usable at all Wouldn't one just point the translator/compiler to whatever Ruby's equivalent is of /usr/lib/python2.7 and let it be "turtles all the way down"? As a pedantic note, I wonder if the cap is measured from your cable modem or access to and from the Internet. Because if it's the latter (ever how unlikely) then a P2P protocol could make a difference. I mean this in all honesty: how do you know that? There is also http://soundserum.com/ which features a ton of creative commons licensed music (3.5GB of it, based on the torrent they provide). "Can you imagine George Washington or Thomas Jefferson going to the airport and saying, `Go ahead and stick your hand down my pants. I need to get where I'm going'?" Ivory contends that Americans are slowly being conditioned to "just submit" to the feds. "Our liberties are being conditioned away," he told the Deseret News. I have mixed feelings about that lead-in argument. I agree with it in the sense that I am painfully aware of the erosion of liberties and rights. I donate heavily to the ACLU and EFF for that exact reason. On the other hand, the hypothetical George Washington and Thomas Jefferson quoted are just about right. How early, exactly, should I leave for my flight in order to stand up for my rights and still get where I need to go? Even an Alaskan Representative was barred from her flight. And I, lowly non-lobbyist-wielding citizen, stand what chance? These PayPal chumps are getting on my last nerve. Last time I checked, American Express does not prohibit me from purchasing any book or magazine I choose. I fail to understand why PayPal believes it has the right to assert those kinds of restrictions [barring the pedantic answer of "it's in their ToS"]. The only guess I have is that this is somehow tied into the US government's recent attempt to crack down on Things It Does Not Like&trade; by choking off their money supply. In that case, sign up at https://ScraperWiki.com/ and put your passion to good use! Am I the only one who finds the intermixture of video and text distracting [in the "read online" version, I haven't tried the .epub]? Maybe I'm too old school, but I find the context switch jarring when I am reading and click for the next segment, and am met with more A/V. I have different mechanisms for ingesting content, almost in a "introspective" versus "extraspective" distinction (study time versus lectures highlight this distinction). Thank you for the fix, thank you for the quick response, and thank you for putting your content online. I hope it proves to be a catalyst for the next great idea. I bet your co-workers loved you. Is there a demand for electronics/computers/etc within the general population of Spain? I get the feeling that electronics and computers (outside of the work environment, anyway) are not important to Parisians. That would explain why things are expensive here: there isn't a high demand for those items. However, in the startup-Ireland discussion, the very discussion was about startups, who I would think are the kind of people that would want fast computers and the associated peripherals. So there should be high demand in Dublin, but based on the websites I checked, my "flip the currency sign" metric still holds. I would think "leakedBin" would have been a better name, given its source of data. ;-) What is the significance of the "E-Mail Headers", such as http://www.leakedin.com/2012/03/17/potential-leak-of-data-e-... ? There are sales taxes, which vary wildly by jurisdiction: from 0% to I believe 10 or 12%. And you are correct, they are not ever presented in the listed price (which is a huge irritant). Due to a quirk of the Constitution, buying online usually falls under "interstate commerce" and is therefor excluded from sales tax. FWIW, forum.xda-developers.com and phone modding forums like it often use cyberlocker services, usually for the same reason: you have a lot of folks who want a file, you don't want the forum software to have to deal with the traffic and you certainly don't want to have to email it to everyone who asks. You do realize that telling HN is not an appropriate way to have that bug fixed, right? I know lots of Googlers hang out here, but your comment is buried pretty deep. > it would be nice to have something with all the power of XSLT and with a lighter syntax That thing you are looking for is XQuery ( http://www.w3.org/TR/xquery/ ) and it is fantastic . Don't be fooled by the name: it can produce content, too. I feel that "completely useless" is a bit harsh. For one thing, it is damn near ubiquitous (when one has a system that is already trafficking in XML). That blog has some of the weirdest spam comments I think I've ever seen. I can understand posting links to "lowest cost shoes" or whatever the current spam fad is, but I can't recall ever seeing that much lorem ipsum. I didn't check, so maybe there is a hyperlink hiding in the text somewhere. I hope they will at least look at XUL to try and understand what is good and what is suboptimal in that space. This sounds like a great thing (less C++ means wider availability of potential developers), but I will be really sad for my industry if QML ends up running into the same landmines that XUL has already uncovered. I have moral opposition to using any browser that is deeply integrated into the OS. We have seen IE, and let us hope that we do not return to that dark age. I would never claim that just because a browser runs as an application rather than a pseudo-service makes it secure, but I feel confident in saying that it makes it more secure. Attack surface, et al. The fundraising site allows one to contribute any amount, so you could contribute $1 and would then be "a contributor" and presumably would receive status updates. My opinion of ChromeOS is that it is a toy, but please read that knowing that I am not their target audience. Plus, my understanding is that the marketing message is "the browser is the OS" but under the covers it's a Linux platform. I am not extremely educated on ChromeOS, but you asked my opinion. I think you mean http://cutycapt.sourceforge.net/ which I only found by switching back to Google; DDG was not able to decipher your type-o. :-) I bought all 5 levels of Rosetta French version 3, and I lambast it at every opportunity. There is one positive item, one huge negative and one poor implementation point. The positive is that I think the mechanism, or put another way the Rosetta Stone platform, is mostly good. The combination of visual and aural, with a relatively simple screen-is-one-concept approach, is good. The negative for me was the actual content itself. I learned about ladders, and horses and crazy things that not once have I encountered here in Paris. It would have been helpful to learn food items, grocery store items, things folks (even tourists) would likely find useful. I hesitate to mention this because it might not have been a Rosetta Stone objective, nor might it fit into their framework/platform. But, there were no verb tense lessons. Even just rote learning of "je voudrais ..." [I would like ...] would get you out of 80% of the conversational jams when trying to get a sandwich, or similar. The poor implementation point is that I did not experience any good luck using their voice recognition engine. Perhaps it is because I really have horrible French pronunciation. However, isn't that the very situation Rosetta is trying to correct? I found no way to discover why it was upset with my pronunciation. It was just a very frustration experience. My guess is because it falls under the topic of "brain hacking". Plus, I hear your point about pragmatics, but I am also appreciative of the exercise of learning the language as part of expanding ones horizons. "Walk a mile in his shoes" kind of deal, which only gets lip service unless one has actually needed to switch mental, cultural and linguistic contexts. I also honestly think that more Americans are not bilingual (or perhaps even interested in such a thing) because of the lack of opportunity to use that skill. Why is it that NewsBlur premium subscribers have to find out about a private beta on HN? That does not make me happy. I'm going to assume you know about http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OPML I thought that Pimsleur was basically a language podcast: i.e. unidirectional content. _Hearing_ someone speak a native language is not the same as having ones pronunciation evaluated, which is also separate from learning proper pronunciation. But yes, after hearing all of the raving reviews in this thread, maybe I should give it a closer look. I mean this honestly: what makes you think Groklaw is biased? That deosn't match my [uninformed] mental model of their site. It's not exactly hacker news, but there are two elements that make the linked video worth watching: it is a nice description of a tunnel boring machine, and the video uses some great CGI to support the narrative. In short, I liked it, and thought others might like it, too. Burnbit.com provides a service that will turn any open URL into a bitorrent seed. No, I don't believe jsilence missed the point at all. In fact, that point is the most important one: if all RSS feeds died tomorrow, I would still be able to re-create them on my own machine by periodically polling every single website that I care about. Now if that sounds like a monster waste of bandwidth, it should: the publishers get something from this deal, too. Plus they get readership, because I use RSS to remind me that there are articles on the web that I want to read. I also prefer C# and I think the .NET CLR is a solid platform. However, I feel that Google did not make the "wrong choice" because they were likely trying to leverage two (interdependent) advantages: existing Java programmers and the overwhelming number of Java libraries. I haven't made it through all the threads here, but I'm fully expecting to find a post containing "yeah, and we can just run the Java-to-C# translator on all those libraries", and then I'm hoping to find a reply that says that machine translation is not the same as porting a library. > Google probably can't even trust Python anymore Um, given that Guido works for Google now, I'm guessing they are pretty safe on that one. :-) I would bet they are bumping up against a developer bandwidth issue. Don't forget, they have about 6 commercial products, plus their own language now (and IDE, natch). The good news is that the community edition of IJ is Open Source (Apache licensed, IIRC) and there are quite a few existing language editors built on top of it. It isn't a rich client platform à la Eclipse or NetBeans, but I doubt such a thing would be required to win the affections of those who are unhappy using MonoDevelop. I did see your followup that you were just razzing folks, but I thought about whether I would include PHP in that list and I think the answer is yes, with a Barry Bonds-esque asterisk. I actually think that PHP, like Basic, was simple enough for the Everyone to grasp, and came with a good-enough standard library (always important). But I think what made it the swiss-army knife of web developers is that it was deployed _everywhere_. One cannot login to [hosting provider du jour] and run Lisp, and let's not even discuss the devops horrors of trying to get a JVM to run on a server, let alone one shared by 50 of your closest friends. But you can edit index.php in notepad, ftp it to your hosting provider, and voilà: you have created your first dynamic content on the web. I thought perhaps there might be some chicken-and-egg at work here, that if Wordpress had been written in Python (for example) that shared Python installs would be the default. But I realized that Python is a software engineering language. It has structure and enforces its use. But PHP allows, for good or bad, one to use whatever kind of crazy syntax style they like, in just about any filename they want, and it's likely still going to parse. In that way, it is very Perlish. But unlike Perl, normal folks can read it, which fosters a copy-paste-and-improve development cycle. I do not, in any seriousness, understand why Facebook uses PHP; hell, uses? Built a damn compiler for it. But if I recall correctly, the answer at the time was "it works for us," which is all the justification that the outside world needs, I guess. I gathered from what jmillikin said that it is certainly a bug, but it was probably not reported during the testing period for the same reason jmillikin didn't report it: it appears to be hard to reproduce. Is there a tool (akin to xev) that would display which process currently has control of the mouse? I would think that tracking down the process that has grabbed the mouse would be the necessary first step toward stopping it from doing so. Back a few years ago when I was the net admin for our small company, my boss asked me how to set up his home network so that his daughter could not access games or chat or whatever kids do that parents don't approve of. My answer to him is the same advice I offer to you: don't try to use technology to solve a social problem. In his case, I know for certain that his daughter has a lot more free time to think of ways to circumvent the restriction, and he has less time to think of, and then implement, new firewalls. I don't know your situation, but I would be willing to bet a compassionate plea to only torrent during off-peak hours, or to set the upstream throttle on their client would go a lot further than trying to "kill BT". Of course, having said all of that, controlling bandwidth usage is a slightly different use case than trying to prevent certain content from entering/exiting the network. If you are having a problem with one peer using too many resources, I would think IP throttling would solve that problem (presuming the softer social strategies didn't pan out). And, if I understand this correctly, we can express more accurate and/or complex questions for which we will get those relevant results. That syntax came from MIME and has been present in email, newsgroups and the web for as long as I can remember. The server sends content-type headers delimited with MIME attributes, the browser sends accept headers and inside the pages one will often find a meta tag with its content attribute delimited that way. I can confirm that the iplayer works here in France^1 without any kind of trickery, so it is likely available for extra-UK audiences. 1 = at least for the archive episode that I tried I hope his classroom lectures don't have that same meter; it is very distracting. I'm probably going to hell for blaspheming against Knuth. That said, thank you for posting the link - that site looks very interesting. Comments first: it can save you a lot of time and I find that having knowledgable and/or expert contributions can really augment the linked article's content. One must exercise caution, however, lest the comments will prime your opinion-making circuitry and cause you to form their opinion instead of your opinion. Please don't forget their bittorrent offerings, since that protocol was designed for the exact situation where a lot of people want a very big file at the same time. https://fedoraproject.org/en/get-fedora-all I was expecting to see that someone ported jTDS ( http://jtds.sourceforge.net/ ) to JavaScript. I have zero idea if something like Emscripten could be used for an effort like that, nor if it would be performant enough for use in a database scenario, but I think a pure JavaScript library would probably be useful to a wider audience. Sounds like an interesting idea; I hope he publishes more details. I also hope the next interviewer is not so detached. A proxy server, such as RabbIT or scache or the OWASP ones, etc, will accomplish that goal without requiring an extension to any browser. However, I disagree with your premise. Sturgeon's Law applies here: 90% of everything is crud. I can barely remember any of the websites I visited today, let alone any reason why I would want to revisit them. I would add that one must also facilitate feedback - which I think is separate from (and has a separate response rate from) sending out a "what did you think?" type email. Plus, if you wait to contact me, I may have forgotten the details of what I discovered. I emphasize to all my project teams: you are only a "new user" once. That time is magic, so pay attention and stick your hand up if something smells funny to you. Further toward that facilitating feedback point, I may be a visionary, but I don't want to spent 15 minutes creating a Bugzilla account and trolling through whatever gawdawful bug submission process your project has. I will send an email to feedback@example.com, I will for sure use a "submit feedback" button from within the app or webpage[1], I will use a "contact us" form on your website, and I might send a tweet if that's the option of last resort. I said all of that to say I wholeheartedly agree with the article's premise, but please ensure that you have greased as many of the paths of information ingress as you reasonably can. 1 = With the assumption that such an action will carry with it contextual information: where I was, what browser, maybe some session information - basically the same reason anyone uses the "send report" button from a dead Android app This might not be appropriate for your situation, but I have found it surprisingly easy to build emacs from git by using MinGW/MSYS. If you need the exact command line, send me email or reply here and I'll post it when I get back to the office on Monday. The only non-trivial steps I had to take were to track down the "dev" msys packages for jpeg, png and xpm libraries. I do not link my nightly builds against gnutls, just to set expectations [my experience with non-native security stuff on windows leads me to avoid that headache; YMMV]. I bet the cordcutters subreddit encounters this question quite a bit: http://www.reddit.com/r/cordcutters You also might try /r/gadgets for the same reason. I am certain there are probably a fair number of geeks that hang out on HN, but I suspect there is more of a consumer friendly atmosphere (especially about purchasing decisions) on reddit. And it differs quite a bit based on _what_ I am typing, too. Plus the tactivity(?) of the keyboard factors in, because as soon as I have feedback that the key was registered, I am on to the next one. > Improved defense against spiders: The src= attribute of elements is set using javascript after the page loads. Wow, that is a pretty aggressive change. Are fossil repos under heavy enough attack to warrant such a change? At minimum I hope that is configurable and defaults to "off". I agree with you: 90% of the value of a developer is knowing what to type, which includes what NOT to type. Knowing the difference comes (IMHO) from being aware of what is out there and stories learned from the experience of others. So yes: perhaps less cat videos is a good thing, but less exposure to information is not. If you are experiencing slowness while loading the site also, perhaps this link will help: http://wilwheaton.net.nyud.net/2012/09/depression-lies/ It is my unsubstantiated opinion that most rec. drugs act to increase any latent emotions or thoughts you are already experiencing. Alcohol certainly treats me that way. Thus, since you were in an already stressful situation, I'm not surprised that K wasn't relaxing or pleasant. I tried their Windows client this morning and it is trafficking in some kind of toolbar malware. So the answer to the comment about what differentiates it from Drobpox.com? Dropbox and reputable companies never bundle browser toolbars. Deleted. I read once that the majority of drive failure happens during transitions to or from a running state, and thus it is counter-intuitively safer to just leave them running all the time. I am sure there is some mathematical formula that will express the risk based on how infrequently one expects to spin the drive up (and then down again), but I don't know it. I had a similar experience with Clear (wireless) and the binding arbitration clause in their ToS. When I called to opt out (because one cannot do so online, of course :-/ ) I was transferred 6 times and in the end the drone finally gave up and just asked if putting a note in "my file" would be sufficient. At that point, I think we were equally frustrated with one another and I settled. But I can easily imagine some lawyer-type dreamed up such a clause but failed to tell anyone else in the business about it. Mailinator offers RSS/Atom feeds for their mailboxes, which should do what you want. 99% Invisible http://99percentinvisible.org/rss This American Life http://feeds.thisamericanlife.org/talpodcast BackStory with the American History Guys http://feeds.feedburner.com/BackStoryRadio Freakonomics Radio http://feeds.feedburner.com/freakonomicsradio Fresh Air Podcast http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=13 Here's The Thing http://feeds.wnyc.org/wnycheresthething/ The Moth Podcast http://feeds.feedburner.com/themothpodcast On the Media http://feeds.wnyc.org/onthemedia Person Place Thing with Randy Cohen (man, I miss "The Ethicist") http://personplacething.org/?feed=rss2 Planet Money Podcast http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=510289 WNYC's Radiolab http://feeds.wnyc.org/radiolab To the Best of Our Knowledge http://feeds.feedburner.com/ttbook With Good Reason Radio http://feeds.feedburner.com/WithGoodReasonRadio I was tempted to put them in preferential order, but to be honest the go-to podcast depends on how much time I have (length of commute, how tired before bed, that kind of thing). I've had good experiences so far by keeping a dedicated browser for use with "legacy" services (such as school) that require Java. I haven't tried it, but I would suspect the profile manager in Firefox may help with that kind of setup, too. I have two observations about that kind of plan. First, it would be significantly more of a hassle to boot up a separate OS for the purpose of executing a short-lived task (such a submitting homework, or doing banking, as others have mentioned). Related to that, there is a slight disconnect between the host filesystem and the guest filesystem. The more convenience one has (e.g. greater transparency and sharing) the greater the risk. Related, but separate from that: how would you know the VM was compromised and thus should be destroyed? One could presumably just periodically destroy (or revert to snapshot). Perhaps even if it was compromised, maybe the short lifespan of the VM would limit the damage to others. IMHO, they fail for the same reason most software does: failure to check return values. Assuming the happy path is the road to ruin, even for spammers. As a small aside, I often upvote the HN submission if the discussions are valuable -- independent of the actual linked content. While reading this, I originally thought that the birthday aspect would reduce the attack population for such an exploit, but then I remembered that all the major social networks have birthdays (and will display it, unless the privacy settings say otherwise). I am thankful for the recent increase in 2-factor capabilities, and I encourage everyone to take advantage of them. For all the comments about crackmes and patching around messageboxes, I would like to mention that reverse engineering is arguably more valuable for its ability to surface file format information and/or protocol specifics. In several countries, this is one of the expressly granted rights with respect to reverse engineering since it promotes interoperability and (more often than not) allows one to use a file format (or network service) long after the original software has expired [in the mortality sense]. I also highly recommend checking out the new http://reverseengineering.stackexchange.com/ since it is currently in its beta period and needs all the content it can get. I think you misunderstand the Network Effect. I can assure you that I try every new release of Jitsi, and while they are definitely improving, let's not call it a Skype replacement just yet. Is it naive of me to think that subsequent "book releases" of the software would be best encoded as patchsets against the original release? It seems wasteful to re-print and then re-OCR the entirety of the codebase. While I was typing that, I thought of a second point: would it still be a munition if it were only diffs? E.g. Could one put the patchsets on a public server without legal woes, because it's only the full source that's problematic? I was so disappointed that Twitter's TFA didn't choose to go with the mechanism you mentioned. Is there a compelling reason not to use it? I'm sorry, I don't get the joke. Does he break into people's Twitter accounts? It appears that the deal doesn't apply to eBooks, as there is no place to enter the code. Also, they have gigantic red text informing the potential purchaser that they don't offer Android or "normal" eBooks (PDF, ePub, etc). Is it my imagination or is 5 months a very short disclosure window for a vulnerability that affects Androids since Donut? I think about how manufacturers drag their feet on normal updates and can't imagine what heaven and earth movement would be required to patch this industry wide. Then again, maybe the attack surface for this is small enough that it's manageable. And it means they've never heard of segment.io or another analytics aggregator. So many script tags, so many TCP handshakes. Excuse my inexperienced query, but wouldn't a high resolution MRI-esque device be much better for that task? It seems that physical deconstruction of something as intricate as an IC would be fraught with peril. I know there was a similar technique used on a frozen brain to obtain 1mm(?) slices, and I'm sure that's good for biology but my mental model of an IC is that the interesting and encased materials differ more sharply than in biology. I started to write up my theories on the benefits, until I realized that we already have enough problems with the whole M,V versus Amex versus (other) acceptance problem, so tossing in NFC (and don't forget, iPhone doesn't offer NFC) just increases the fragmentation problem. I wouldn't want to be low on fuel in Podunkville, MiddleAmerica knowing that Grandpa's Gas has never heard of NFC. Don't get me wrong, I wholeheartedly embrace the NFC payment system and hope it succeeds, but I recognize that your question is quite telling. How appropriate that this article and the following comic come out on the same day: http://thedoghousediaries.com/5275 (Amazing Scientific Breakthroughs) My counter-argument to voice-driven coding has been primarily around the input bandwidth and the fact that you must work from home with that kind of setup. I guess the presenter conducted the "faster than the keyboard" test under very controlled circumstances (e.g. only working on his own code, so one doesn't have to deal with non-english-word variables/functions). I don't mean to be a hater, because that was an _amazing_ demo, but I don't believe it's the holy grail the title implies it is. I also have one, and after seeing what it sees during the orientation I wondered how many of its problems could be cured by having a second sensor that one could position about a foot away from the other to give the Leap stereo vision. I am speaking totally out of school because I don't know if that would create more problems than it solves, though. On my phone, to apologies if this is a duplicate of another thread. I could have sworn that the line was: you have nothing to fear if you're not doing anything wrong. Good for the goose, good for the gander. Arguably baseball television coverage has an entirely different pace to it, and I would suspect that football has a lot more complex camera-work, including multiple cut aways per play. Based on my understanding of how most video compression works, I bet it effects the bandwidth requirements. What an interesting coincidence, the Now I Know newsletter this morning was about a neat Bezos story and contained a link to this talk: http://nowiknow.com/the-lichen-loophole/ Last I checked, Mega does not support the Amazon S3 protocol nor even a RESTful one. IIRC, the majority of Mega magic is done in browser using a ton of JavaScript. Or perhaps ZipCar isn't the business to emulate/disrupt but rather Lyft. I could imagine the poor getting a ride to their work much faster than the bus, and if it's faster that means more time with their children, more time for (or even the logistical ability to get) a second job, or hopefully more time to attend school. I could envision both outcomes: a service like Lyft that targets lower wage workers, or maybe even just subsidizing a Lyft membership. The hazard I envision with ZipCar-lite is not only the monopoly the other commenter raised but also incidental costs (gas, accidents, etc) unless your plan is to subsidize those items, too. Best wishes for your project, it could be great! I was told it was a 747 filled with those same tapes, but I guess it depends on the distance traveled who's version is the best. I hope this comes across in the constructive manner I intend it: when I am curious about a network issue, especially DNS related, a browser is never the tool I use for asking such questions. If you're on a modern OS then "dig" is an amazing tool, and on that other OS "nslookup" will do in a pinch. FWIW, I think it must be based on the average karma, because my profile is older and I have more karma than wheelerwj but I have no downvote capacity. Also, I can't even imagine the amount of contributions that are required to reach the amount of karma you have. I have always wondered why Apple and Microsoft don't embrace Bittorrent as a perfectly reasonable distribution method for "big bang" releases (like today). I have tried using Burnbit but it is only as valuable as there are folks who use it (Metcalfe's Law strikes again!). I would also want to see some shas of the files distributed from Apple before I would use something from TPB. Bytecode (whether x86, Java class files or this) is a far more compact and (arguably) more complete representation of the program's logic than the input source code. Also, you haven't experienced pain until you've tried to compile C or C++ on a machine other than the author's. Also, in my world (Java) the stack trace is valuable as a software engineering tool. I don't know how folks develop in C, C++, ${other_non_scripting} day in and day out without access to that kind of information. Good debuggers and a ton of printf statements, I guess. And now that they have released a community edition -- open source (Apache Licensed) -- copy of PyCharm, I cannot imagine any sane person continuing to use a "dumb" editor. All of the JetBrains products are super smart and efficient, and the community editions are no exception. Which would be more upsetting: that the author was so familiar with those pages s/he could make one by heart, or that the author had to do research on those sites in order to find attributes that make it look so realistic? But the submitter is right: that is ridiculously detailed. I have a deeper appreciation for the amount of work that goes into an operation like that after having bought [Kerbal Space Program]( https://kerbalspaceprogram.com/ ) and its mobile companion [Simple Rockets]( http://jundroo.com/project/simplerockets/ ). Engaging with those simulations also makes watching movies like "Apollo 13" into a whole new experience, too. Congratulations to everyone involved, and I can't wait to see what they do next. Thanks so much for posting that link. I saw the streak picture from another commenter, and wondered if there was a high-res version. It's so beautiful that I would have it on my wall, but I doubt it would print out nearly as nicely as it appears on-screen. Depending on which features of PyCharm you use the most, you actually may benefit from the recent open-sourcing of PyCharm Community Edition. Now you can use (and theoretically fix bugs in) the master builds which track IJ development very closely. I realize this might sound like a First World Problem, but I typically donate to my charities and organizations early in the year. Then things like this pop up and I have to weigh the opportunity cost of not donating while my power will be doubled against the feeling that I've already given a chunk of change. I guess in the end, I'll probably cave and donate again because I think the EFF is very important, but I wonder what thoughts others have on this situation? Thank you for your reply; I hadn't thought of it that way. I realized after reading your response that I also conflated this particular match with the ones I hear on NPR advertised as "conditional matches": if we receive $W in X time, Y will contribute $Z. Some of them are also conditional on the number of participants, which is also strange. FWIW, there is a SEBOK ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_Engineering_Body_of_K... ) but I doubt it is what you had in mind. Is it common and responsible to name the source of the credential leak like that? I can imagine that maybe other retailers would want to know that information, but I can also imagine the investigation is continuing and thus the opportunity exists for the story to become more complex. FWIW, I've had good luck with using the "select all" keyboard shortcut in those circumstances. I believe that you have an additional advantage in that Firefox has an option(1) to deactivate their stylesheets (one at a time, IIRC) which can also get you back into normal styling without a great deal of effort. 1= or it used to but without it in front of me I can't promise it still does http://scrapy.org/ is more systemic than these ad-hoc solutions, and http://scrapyd.readthedocs.org/en/latest/ is the daemon into which one can deploy scrapers if you want a little more structure. The plugin architecture alone makes Scapy a hands-down winner over whatever you might dream up on your own. And with any good plugin architecture, it ships with several optional toys, you can always add your own, and there is a pretty good community (e.g. https://github.com/darkrho/scrapy-redis ) http://crawlera.com/ will start to enter into your discussion unless you have a low-volume crawler, and http://scrapinghub.com/ are the folks behind Crawlera and (AFAIK) sponsor (or actually do) the development for Scrapy. This may be hypocritical given what we are discussing, but please don't use Tor for this kind of activity. There are hundreds of proxy vendors, and other curators of open proxies if you have a tight budget, which are designed to spread out the origin of the load and do some minor masking of your traffic. But it would make me very sad to have an exit node blocked for being involved with this. FWIW, the distinct proxy business can be solved in one of two ways, depending on how complex your proxy needs are. First, you can just put ``request.meta["proxy"] = " http://..."`` at any point along the DownloadMiddleware before the request is actually transmitted. Second, you could also just package up that "more control over requests" you described and make it a DownloadMiddleware. AFAIK, the first one in the chain that returns a populated Response object wins, so you could short-circuit all of the built-in downloading mechanism. That's a great system, and I love that OpenSSH has a SOCKS proxy in it (and I make use of it quite a bit). I wanted to comment on your ec2 traffic observation and make you aware of Digital Ocean machines if you were not already aware. Not only are they inexpensive but D.O. offers quite a few egress points from their data centers. I also believe that their hosts have individual public IP addresses, which may help further reduce the chance of being blocked wholesale. Granted, the IP addresses are still clearly identifiable as D.O. machines, so if those services want to filter out "data center traffic" they still can but you might fly under the radar as compared to EC2 traffic. FWIW, I opened a French HSBC account (I am a US citizen, btw) and used the ATM withdraw-deposit trick you just described in order to produce Euros for local use. I was subsequently called in by the bank because they found my high denomination cash deposits very suspicious and requested that I stop doing it. I wanted to offer an anecdotal warning that such a trick may work fine, or it may ruffle feathers; just be aware. What a great idea! If they are already going to repaint all the lines, I would want something added to them that is electromagnetically visible too in order to help the autonomous cars be able to see the lines. I freely admit that tracking the other vehicles is by far the harder problem but it seems like the more digitally hospitable the environment is the more computing power can be used for the hard problems. My understanding of Vagrant is that it is a meta virtualization format, so in theory one could create a Vagrantfile that points at the aforementioned vagrant boxes and it will use VMware to do the local provisioning (the Vagrant boxes even use the VMDK disk format, which should make it even easier). In theory :-) All the voice recognition packages I've used have a dedicated "spell this" mode, usually activated by a hot word like "spell" or similar. In the dedicated mode, my recollection is that one can use the phonetic alphabet (alpha, bravo, charlie, etc) in lieu of trying to get it to recognize the names of the letters, which are usually monosyllable and thus harder to pick up. I haven't tried the system under discussion to know if it has such a mode or not. I guess the lesson here is that one shouldn't do something so awesome that one's hosting company can't withstand the HN (and likely Reddit) onslaught :-) It is starting to jam me up that we have obviously arrived at the same name depletion that .com ran into when it feels like so many projects are choosing names that collide with existing project names. This is second only to projects that chose names for their programming languages that are search engine antagonistic. I freely grant that the Map Reduce community and the whatever this does for the Bitcoin community are unlikely to land on each other's search terms, but maybe that's only a matter of time. Alternatively, thank goodness the DNS TLDs have expanded so one could name their project hive.java and hive.bitcoin. I feel your pain: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7742201 although it is plausible the Cider project was named that as a nod to TransGaming. I don't know explicitly what kind of scams the parent commenter was intending, but I can say as an apartment shopper there are plenty of listings for apartments that appear as either just below market rate or sometimes $1000 below market rate. When you email them, they will request one of two things: a tenant application form which will amazingly request your SSN or bank account details, or they will request a cashiers check for "holding the apartment" or a "viewing fee." Don't get me wrong, when I write those out in English here, they seem absolutely a scam, but the way they are presented as an answer to some of the apartment inquiries, it's not so obvious. Those scumbags are skilled, too, just not in any kind of skill one would want to possess. Ordinarily I wouldn't make such a specific web-dev comment here, but it drives me crazy when sites have an almost 1MB background image. If I can watch your image load, that is not a good usability experience. I had to beat on my own company for weeks to get them to stop doing that junk, so I feel justified in throwing stones. I wonder had Jules turned over the domain to them (or might still, given the intention to transfer the site to a new domain) if IKEA would have just made it a blind redirect to their main site, or just killed it to prevent the next Jules from having it. I almost thought they would start their own DIY community, but running a community is a ton of work and I doubt it would increase their sales by a large enough percentage to warrant it. I've enjoyed great success by symlinking the various history files to /dev/null That way the history for the current window remains but after the window closes any accidental password-on-the-command-line mistakes will vaporize. for i in .sh_history .bash_history .lesshst .mysql_history etc do ln -s /dev/null $i done You mean lockpicks, or were you thinking of a sledgehammer? If you are experiencing quirks like that, please report them via http://youtrack.jetbrains.com/ since that is the whole purpose of an EAP program. I don't think you will receive support for your specific problem via the tracker, but at least they will be aware that such a condition exists. If you want help, http://devnet.jetbrains.com/community/idea/ideacommunity will probably be a great place to start. I have found their forums to be responsive and to have a pretty good signal/noise ratio. And if you don't feel like shelling out the money, Lessig has posted a PDF of the book online (presumably under a Creative Commons license, but I didn't check into it that far as I already own the book) http://lesterland.lessig.org/pdf/republic-lost.pdf What is really interesting about this announcement is that the decompiler is part of the "community edition", and thus open source under the Apache license: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-community/tree/master/... I doubt it will run easily outside of IntelliJ but it does a very nice job and thus I hope other projects will be able to benefit and vice versa (where licensing is compatible, of course). If you have a lot of tooling targeting AWS, but want some reassurance for the tools (i.e. not speaking to the data, merely the APIs) then Eucalyptus ( https://www.eucalyptus.com/ ) which is Open Source ( https://github.com/eucalyptus ) under the GPLv3 might be a way out of that lock-in. I haven't yet taken the time to provision a local Eucalyptus cluster to test the actual versus the marketing, but it certainly seems like they have a lot of momentum which I wouldn't expect if it didn't do as advertised. For me, the optional else on for loops isn't nearly as mentally destabilizing as the optional else on try-except blocks. An ex-employee used to love doing that: try: None.doit() except Exception as e: logger.exception('Nope') else: # now what? pass I'm glad that all of the sites you target want your scraper to access them. The goal in many cases where one would use a scraper is to access information not provided in an API or otherwise encased in HTML. Most of their robots.txt are "User-Agent: *\nDisallow: /\n" There is an official JSON API: https://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=353 But it is unclear how many of the existing implementations conform to it, and it definitely doesn't work toward your misguided One True JSON Implementation goal. Are you aware of DCEVM? https://github.com/DCEVM/DCEVM#readme How did you arrive at the conclusion that a set of interfaces is a JavaEE API? Above and beyond the fact that in section 2.2 of the JSR it plainly states: "This JSR is targeted for Java SE 6 or higher and Java EE 7 or higher platforms." It's unclear if you are poking fun, but one of the major features of Eclipse (and ejc, by extension) is the "compile on save", so there is no compilation step while working in your IDE (unless, of course, you desired one). If that is a goal of the sjavac project, then the ability to compile in parallel the different branches of the dependency tree for a set of classes would make for a major upgrade in user experience. I'm on the 8th floor near Hayes Valley and my experience was a slow wobble to the entire building, and my pedestal lights would bang against the walls, but nothing else is out of place and (for me) it wasn't a scary experience as much as "curious." Aside from it stinging if it gets in your eyes, is there a reason why one couldn't use saline water for showers? Either way, I would suspect the dual plumbing required to pull off a setup like that would be horrifically expensive. Which means a `urlparse.urlparse` equivalent in arc would probably go a long way toward helping that. Are you familiar with JetBrains MPS? http://www.jetbrains.com/mps/ It sounds very much like what he is describing. Given their investment in ReSharper, and that almost everyone who uses .NET is using VS, I would be surprised if they think it's worth their while. Having said that, I wouldn't have expected them to put out AppCode, either but maybe it's because Xcode sucks so amazingly much whereas it seems everyone sings the praises of VS. I have Brightspot, which is a pre-paid MVNO on T-Mobile, and it has been my experience that I cannot use my Google Voice number for voicemail like I could with a post-paid account, and I am experiencing that a lot of the short-code messaging services can't reach me, either. I haven't tried sending an SMS to a short-code service, but my suspicion is "no" on that, too. Also, and this may be T-Mobile wide, I am experiencing that they are routing all voice traffic over the data line, which means poor coverage now results in ch-op-py dr-op-ou-t speech just like a bad SIP line would. I tried to make a call last weekend and the other end sounded just like a modem it was so bad. Just caveat emptor. I agree with your sentiment, but because pup knows CSS selectors and understands the page hierarchy, this will blow the doors off of any line-oriented tool. I'm also stoked about the pretty-printing, but that's just from reading the English; I haven't actually tried the tool yet. I also agree with the author: jq is invaluable . Did you actually learn anything from the video? Yikes, and folks are saying the page is bad: I felt like I was watching a perfume commercial. most advanced users might resort to their Adiums & Pidgins and wont use their web-services or Apps at all Oh, noes, that would be terrible. I cannot explain in words how much I loathe the Slack app and by extension how much I loathe their "UX experience and unique features." Since my company just recently left HipChat for Slack, I think the odds of switching again this year are pretty slim, so I haven't evaluated your app. I just want to ensure that you have considered that a non-trivial portion of the engineering group of a company may want to resort to their Adiums. someone to publish some "How To" information on how to assemble and use a quick and painless drug solution, all on your own There are a lot of sites and organizations dedicated to that exact thing. An interesting one, in my opinion, is "Max Dog Brewing"[1] which uses nitrogen as an alternative to the helium asphyxiation technique. No drugs required. I regret that this comment is so brief, as I don't want it to appear curt. I just have a lot of opinions that I don't feel like putting in this thread. 1 = https://youtube.com/watch?v=tY5ysgqMMPE And that, folks, is why we don't do chained expressions. Variables increase readability and also offer one the opportunity to check a condition that should be true. This, KeyError, NoneType exceptions and its Java friend NullPointerException drive me batty. They are so simple to defend against, if the author just took the time. I think some of it is "worse than what": we were on HipChat, and it was not very nice, but at least they made an actual OS X application and allowed one to customize its behavior on my machine. The Slack "app" is just a packaged version of WebKit and has almost zero customizations. Worse of which is that there isn't a per-channel setting to hide images by default, since I've had no luck getting folks to stop posting animated gifs into the general channel. I'm not at work right now in order to speak to the specifics, but the Slack app doesn't handle that situation correctly at all. And the notification is merely a red dot. Oh, you only want the red dot if you're at-mentioned or someone posts in your team's channel? Too bad. If you just distribute your site's webpage as an app, you're phoning it in. And that is why I want a chat company to use XMPP so that I can use Adium to manage my interaction (or lack of it) with the chat service. I'm glad you like Slack. I'm sure they're going to do well, given how many folks sing their praises. On http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/apps/windows... they mention the supported languages and their statuses, but Korean is only "Good". I freely admit that I do not speak Korean, but if one compares "Chinese Simplified" characters (listed as "Very good") with those in the Korean alphabet, I am surprised those two entries aren't transposed. Is there something that makes recognizing Korean harder than Chinese Simplified, or was that just a product management decision? I went surfing around the Homebrew docs to see if there was an option, or at least consideration, for your objective. Turns out it's in the FAQ (as well it should be): https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew/wiki/FAQ#why-does-homeb... Their claim is that a lot of software is poorly written and does not tolerate non-standard include or lib paths aligns with my own experiences. Also, FWIW, they allege a few questions further down in the same FAQ that they do not own /usr/local and thus you can put your own items there willy-nilly; just be cautious about rebuilding libs that are shipped by Apple and sticking them in /usr/local. Do I correctly understand that there were `expr 7169 - 6271` 898 potential (or is that confirmed?) vulnerabilities tracked in the few hours between those two mailing list messages? If true, I never really comprehended the volume of vulnerabilities flying by every day. Ordinarily I would file a website bug, but this happens so often I'm mentioning it here to hopefully stop others from doing it, too. Please don't use fancy quotes or the fancy apostrophe for code examples on your webpage. It looks out-of-place with the rest of the fixed width font and, most importantly, it stops folks from being able to copy-and-paste your examples into their terminal or editor. Is there some good reason why this is an iPhone app instead of using the seemingly widely supported Geolocation API in the browser? http://caniuse.com/#feat=geolocation I would think the redeployment time alone would make the browser a compelling platform (seconds versus whatever the current appstore lag is ... two weeks?) This kind of thing always gets to me: apps that launch for iOS and then several years later realize there is this thing called "Android" and that it might catch on one day. Allow me to take this opportunity to mention that Roman Mars, of 99% Invisible ( http://99percentinvisible.org/ ) fame, is holding another kickstarter to fund the collective of Radiotopia -- the idea that podcast producers can make a living wage to produce great content. This kickstarter, like many of them, has a funding match going on where if they get more than 20,000 backers at any level, one of their corporate sponsors will chip in $25,000. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1748303376/radiotopia-a... Even if you don't contribute, I think you'll enjoy 99% Invisible. Thanks for a great document. I think in the future all protocol diagrams should use colored lego blocks. That was fantastic. Just as a friendly FYI, HN now has an official API designed explicitly to stop folks from doing that. For example, the whoishiring user[0] gives convenient access to every post[1] that would interest you. 0 = https://hacker-news.firebaseio.com/v0/user/whoishiring 1 = https://hacker-news.firebaseio.com/v0/item/8681040 Perhaps the tutorial author did not craft that page for deeplinking, expecting that the audience would arrive via the front door -- which does explain what fuzzing is and what the "Fuzzing Project" is attempting to do via that technique. https://fuzzing-project.org/ > I've never, ever seen this "append stuff onto your password" approach being used. Then he doesn't have an eBay or PayPal token, because they both do it. Or rather, it is an option to do it that way, in order to skip over the "submit, enter token, submit" workflow. https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/helpcenter/helphub/article... I recently heard of someone using the GitHub API to only allow certain GitHub accounts to have access to a bastion server. Given the target audience, if your company uses GitHub (or perhaps even the internally hosted GitHub Enterprise), that might be a much easier sell than modifying LDAP. The GitHub API to list a user's keys doesn't require OAuth or any kind of hoop-jumping: https://api.github.com/users/mdaniel/keys As a friendly reminder, VLC can also play module formats. I mention this because of the text at the top of the page about the files requiring a "module player". As an added bonus, VLC is archive aware, and so one can just open the zip and play them while still compressed (but not e-all.zip, since it contains the individual zipped mods; VLC isn't that savvy). Thank you so much for hosting this, and for the untold number of hours of work that went into the songs! > pretty much nobody in Windows uses VS Between your comment about the dog-fooding of compiler drops, and the raving reviews of VS that I've heard (no first-hand experience, mind you), that surprises me. If nothing else, I would think that having everyone on VS while editing something like the Windows source code would surface VS bugs that one might not encounter in other situations. That said, I do have a deep appreciation for the pushback against a corporate editor mandate. Use an exploit on caprica to gain root access: +10% I wonder if this offer stands from semester to semester, and therefore if he seeded an exploit (or several, given how the extra credit reads) or whether the whole thing is just more of his light-hearted style. But I definitely agree: that course looks great. I can see more companies doing this to combat the environment that piracy has created. It's why Stallman is getting so ornery about it lately. Just for clarity, I doubt very seriously that Mr. Stallman disagrees with SaaS because it combats piracy. It is my understanding that his disagreement comes from the lack of options that are available to the consumer of those services: the freedom to take your data elsewhere, the freedom to audit [and possibly modify] the source code and probably 50 others that I don't even know. On a separate note, I cannot even fathom a user who would call customer support for a cracked version. The only plausible situation I can imagine is that their child installed the app, cracked it and the parent wasn't savvy or strict enough about knowing where the child got the program and just assumed it was legit and therefore subject to support. ... use the monster of a custom build system. Now that , I can totally see. IDE-based build systems drive me up a wall. Well, nothing is stopping you from suggesting (or implementing!) this except the willingness of the target repositories to accept incoming pull requests. This[0] discussion is especially relevant to that limitation. I get the impression this CPAN campaign is an attempt to introduce, or reintroduce, folks to Perl, which might not be as big of a problem with Ruby. That is, of course, my opinion. 0 = https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8819930 I just wanted to say thank you for that link; I had always dreamed of using the oppressive heat to create an A/C system and now I know it's a real thing [plus, the adage about "no new ideas" is again confirmed]. If you have Homebrew: brew update && brew install privoxy https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew/blob/master/Library/For... Do you experience ads/malware/icky stuff inside the embedded browsers? I ask because I only use web mail and web based rss readers, and thus not a lot of experience with "native" apps and their embedded browsers. The downside of course is that Python is very dynamic - so IDEs are of relatively limited use. I am surprised to hear you say that with "PyCharm" being the first word in your comment. We have had very good experiences with PyCharm + reStructuredText annotations to help it when the return type or arg type is not inferable. Just like its IJ friend, PyCharm has caught quite a few bugs and helps the team edit Python and not text . PyCharm's usage is not optional on my team; we tried the "use whatever text editor you want" approach and it turns out that people are not as good at memorizing the type signatures of a complicated codebase as computers are. The file that I found via search[0] didn't accept that password. Is there perhaps an alternate link or an alternate password? 0 = http://pan.baidu.com/wap/link?uk=1647171434&shareid=240536&t... Its md5 is dd9c04982c692e17e17d11cf389b1da0 MT6589_HSPA+_Smartphone_Application_Processor_Datasheet.pdf I just wish there was a standard through which one could contact a server on a regular basis and ask for a well formatted list of updates from a logical channel. I think I would call it Atom ... no, that's too common of a name. I would call it really simple syndication. That's a much catchier name. I wonder if anyone could use a standard like that, if such a thing existing and worked really well with a boatload of software. Or, like one of the child comments said: send me an email. I'm not yet to the point of adding calendar entries to "check back soon" for a website. I was really stoked when the Motorola Atrix came out, and was hoping that would turn into a trend: http://www.phonearena.com/reviews/Motorola-ATRIX-4G-Laptop-D... If it's available on your platform, you could print it to a local file since the print version doesn't use the same CSS as the web (OS X = print to PDF, Win = print to XPS, etc). Or, presuming you're on a modern browser and care that much about the content, you can just inspect the dom, find that in the head, and delete it. Stuff like this always makes me so mad: http://i.imgur.com/lFfYh2N.png I'll provide the alt text for that image: "Please view with Chrome, Firefox, or Safari" and the background image is an Android web view, and also a Link Bubble that opened after the first popup happened. I can assure you, having visited their crummy website, that the content was not so magical that anyone else should bother opening Chrome. I also found the slideshare helpful (it's a little more "tl;dr"): http://www.slideshare.net/GyulaFra/flink-apachecon Almost all of them? The vocabulary of the grandparent comment implies they are using hadoop's streaming mode, and thus one can use a map-reduce streaming abstraction such as MRJob or just plain stdin/stdout; both will work locally and in cluster mode. Or, if static typing is more agreeable to your development process, running hadoop in "single machine cluster" mode is relatively painless. The same goes for other distributed processing frameworks like Spark. I almost wish Coral-caching links was the default, given that making the frontpage can be a real bad thing for smaller sites. Also, if the "portless" version doesn't work for anyone, I've experienced that adding :8080 and :8090 can have better luck. I am unaware of the difference between the two ports. That aggregation you mention is traditionally called the "planet", and has a long history: http://planet.lisp.org/ http://planet.emacsen.org/ http://www.planetnetbeans.org/ http://planetopendata.herokuapp.com/opendatanews?style=hacke... There are probably several packages which will ease the creation of such a thing, but this is the one I know of: http://www.planetplanet.org/ Then it's not "Show HN"; it's "Ask HN". Besides, if you are thinking of opening it up for self hosting, what does it matter if the sample size of HN readers who seen your headline and click on it think it is a "good idea" or not? Do you mean outside of an IDE, because as the sibling comment notes: both IntelliJ and other inferior editors do this. If you mean from the command-line, then, yes, it likely take some use of mvn dependency:tree and javap invocations (or unzip for the deps that ship -sources.jar artifacts) Evidently so does Hound: https://github.com/etsy/Hound/tree/master/src/code.google.co... > How do we know eliminating some of the complexities of current laws won't re-introduce some of the problems those complexities were trying to solve? The other side of that coin is: are the bad outcomes produced by the current codebase bad enough that we will replace them and accept the risk of re-introducing the other bugs? Alternatively, the entire codebase is in English (+/-) so one could document the bugs that changes are attempting to address. IMHO, it's the "open" part and less the "source" part. I believe a lot of projects were reluctant to jump on the Mono train because they expected it would be steamrolled (on purpose or just through sheer manpower) by the .NET. However, if everyone is building on top of the same CoreCLR, it's possible that fear might subside. I doubt it will ever go away because Microsoft will continue to keep some APIs close to the vest. If it's possible to transpile either Java source or better Java class files to a CLR assembly, even some of the community momentum that Java has might turn into a benefit for .NET, too. I had heard of such projects back in the day, but didn't know if they were still in service (and I didn't take the time to research it). I had some skepticism about whether IKVM had kept up with the rapid moving target that is the JRE, but after seeing that it runs Minecraft[0], I'm guessing it'll likely be alright :-) But holy shit, who in their right mind still uses CVS?! 0 = http://weblog.ikvm.net/default.aspx?date=2014-12-01 Just as a friendly heads up to those who use the 8.8.8.8 family of DNS resolvers, it is currently not resolving any query for donttrustrobots.nl (no "A", no "NS" and definitely no "proxy.donttrustrobots.nl"). Using the DNS on AWS returns the correct answer. 1. What's wrong with the existing key server protocol? 2. Why TXT and not SRV? That depends on how one defines "watch logs". Looking at the text, no; looking at the metrics, yes. We had a dashboard that would graph the number of errors grouped by the component over a given span of time. If we saw the chart grow beyond our tolerance, that's when we would break out elasticsearch-head or grep or $tool and try to dig into the details. Do you have a tool in mind that does what you are describing and thus would supplement Kibana? I don't feel like submitting a PR for it, but you have one syntax error and one suboptimal piece of syntax in the readme at the bottom: The Windows section should read: Minecraft folder: %appdata%\minecraft Worlds folder: %appdata%\minecraft\saves\ (observe the "closing" percent sign) and the OSX one could read: Minecraft folder: $HOME/Library/Application Support/minecraft Worlds folder: $HOME/Library/Application Support/minecraft/saves/ or, of course, using the same tilde syntax as in Linux. I would venture it's a ton easier to find Java programmers than C# ones (at the current moment), and the same story for libraries for likely the same underlying reason. As a pragmatic issue, if you weren't already using Mono, then it would probably be wise to let the newly open-sourced CoreCLR stew for a while to find subtle kinks introduced by the process through which it was open-sourced and/or the pressures exerted upon it by full-time dev or test (or even prod!) usage on non-Windows platforms. As a much more subjective issue, Intellij versus every C# editor is an unfair matchup. It's possible JetBrains will get into the C# editor space now that they might have more marketshare who are not on Windows, but it's probably very far down their priority queue. For free or for money? I believe there are web scraping companies that sell monthly dumps of LinkedIn data, but I don't know off-hand how much something like that would cost. It would also likely depend on whether you wanted US-only data or worldwide. What an amazing and scary tool (maybe those always go together). I now have a much deeper appreciation for why folks are afraid of Starbucks WiFi. AFAIK, scraping is legal under US law because one does not have to circumvent any encryption to access the webpage. If LinkedIn will serve it to Google, Bing and others, then they'd be hard pressed to say "our HTML is secret." Selling it is a different matter, and one that I don't have enough law background to answer. It may fall under the provision in US copyright law that says that facts are not copyrightable. So long as you are just selling the facts of the graph that they gladly serve to the Internet, ... again, I am not experienced enough to comment. As I mentioned in a sibling reply, legality depends on your jurisdiction but in the US AFAIK scraping is no different from connecting to LinkedIn 15,000,000 times with a copy of Chrome. To further illustrate this point, LinkedIn provides a helpful directory at the bottom of their homepage, allowing one to browse every user[0] and every company[1] in their graph. Hard pressed to argue that it's illegal to navigate to every single profile if you serve a directory of them. Also, I believe there are companies[2] and shops[3] that specialize in doing that kind of thing. I would say it would be worth reaching out to them, if nothing else just to get a sense for what something like that would cost. 0 = https://www.linkedin.com/directory/people-1-5-1/ 1 = https://www.linkedin.com/directory/companies 2 = http://scrapinghub.com/ (makers of the outstanding Scrapy framework!) 3 = http://webscrapinghelp.com Someone should warn cyanogenmod that their SSL cert is expired: https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html?d=whispertool.c... (although I guess at 5 months over, it falls squarely into the couldn't-be-bothered bucket) From where did you get that regulatory requirement information? Ha ha very funny. I hope that joke was worth the $17 .solutions registration. I was hoping it would at least round robin between lots of bad solutions. Oh, that's an easy one: microsoft.com ibm.com and arguably adobe.com. And depending on how liberal one gets with "solution", comcast.com att.com and practically any monopoly. > ... there's a very limited number of Windows devs who actually contribute back to open source projects (this may be a cultural thing coming from a proprietary OS). > > Additionally, supporting Windows is a bit painful because there isn't as much free tooling available, e.g. doing automated Windows testing in travis-ci is not an option I believe the second influences the first, plus the project maintainer needs to share the opinion that releasing on Windows is worth the inevitable project changes required to do so. I have seen more than my fair share of pull requests sit idle because "meh, can't be bothered". Regarding the travis-ci item separately, I am hoping that the work that Vagrant is doing toward being able to provision fresh virtual machine instances on Windows will provide some hope. I do fully appreciate that just provisioning them isn't the whole story, but it's a major hurdle IMHO. That is a common JS idiom because the binding of "this" changes inside function calls, so one must capture the outer binding of "this" which when used in an object scenario does behave like the same keyword used in traditional OO. The naming of "self" could just be a synonym or a nod to Python (I'd have to do research to know definitively) Ok, you are free to propose an alternative - either here or to your team - but be sure you and your team are prepared to have to adjust if and when you join another JS team. And if I had to name loop variables "loop" I would lose my mind. But I'm glad it works for you and your team, so long as you never have nested for loops. IMHO, these chromebooks are not laptops - they are large screen tablets with the bluetooth keyboard attached to them. So the idea, and if I recall correctly, proof of concept, of ChromeOS running Android apps isn't a large stretch. edit : I just watched the promotional video, and I was right about their interest in ChromeOS running Android apps, I was just wrong about its maturity level. The video states that ChromeOS runs "select" Android apps. Android port of the two apps I had mentioned previously, like Sublime and/or Eclipse I believe the Eclipse folks think that Orion ( http://www.eclipse.org/orion/ ) is the path out of that jam. I'm super stoked about that project, and think it may have real legs if they don't lose focus. That is their solution to your git need, also, unless one requires a dedicated git client to do rebases or other ninjary: https://github.com/creationix/js-git the app is on FDroid I recently learned that there is an authenticator in f-droid, but not the authenticator, if one reads the notes at the top of the f-droid listing: https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=com.google.andro... I don't even know what they would want to stick in the Play store's authenticator above the already open sourced functionality. We infallible software engineers always underestimate that stuff, but it's usually the cause. My former boss used to say that 90% of all problems are cabling. His percentage may be off, but the sentiment certainly isn't. I'm only speculating, and/or it could even differ per organization since in my mental model deploying Orion is only one step of many, but I would guess the two stacks you mentioned are famous for their watch-and-refresh development model. Thus, the coder presses "Save" (or perhaps "Commit", if "Save" is not atomic enough for deployment) and then either the CI system pushes out files or deploys for you or Orion pokes the development server to grab the latest files. I am 100% positive it will take some mental and maybe even logistical reorganization to switch to a cloud-based coding environment. Almost every change I can think of in a professional capacity is evaluated in a cost-benefit analysis. But today I am home sick, and thus have no access to my properly configured PyCharm, nor access to the local feature branches on my machine and it would be a bunch of ssh hoop jumping to deploy anything that I did write while at home. My interests are pretty much in descending order of that list. I would love a copy of cloud-PyCharm. That PR referenced in their blog post is 404; the actual project code is here: https://github.com/spark-jobserver/spark-jobserver#readme Since you're in California, you may have good luck contacting Green Citizen: http://www.greencitizen.com/locations/ Depending on how one is to interpret the "donate" verb; whether it should be to a charity that will use them, a charity that can sell them or just to not put them in the landfill. I think there are a couple of moving parts to that request: shipping is a real thing (at least the servers that I've touched are not something I'd want to put in UPS), a facility would need racks and a place to keep the noise away, plus staff that are used to dealing with rackmounts, and finally the eternal problem of connecting with the audience who haven't read this post. In some ways, giving(?) them to an e-cycler that puts them on eBay is addressing that last problem, it just robs you of the tax write-off. Apologies for the slightly OT comment: I hadn't seen one of the new unicode domains outside of Asian script before, and thus didn't have any mental correlation between the written version and the domain name. But that domain has a lot more letters than does the HN summary text next to the link. Bizarrely enough, my Chrome 41 doesn't render the address bar with the unicode flavor, either. Firefox 36 renders it correctly in the status bar (link hover) as well as the address bar. Yes, I but I knew that the coding scheme existed but hadn't until today found one that was encoded from a latin script. I also found the different browser implementations striking. > To make the encoding and decoding algorithms simple, ... Bahahah, thanks I needed some laughs today. > the domain name string is assumed to have been normalized using Nameprep and (for top-level domains) filtered against an officially registered language table I had no idea there was such a thing as a language table for domains, but interestingly enough the IDN repository[0] doesn't include ".fr" nor does ".com" include French (".ca" does[1]). 0 = http://www.iana.org/domains/idn-tables 1 = http://www.iana.org/domains/idn-tables/tables/ca_fr_1.0.html Interestingly enough, Chrome is the odd-browser-out on this one (err, I didn't check IE cause I don't have one handy, so let's just assume they do things wrong and move on). Safari 7.1 also behaves like Firefox and (IMHO) does the correct thing. It is just silly that Chrome thinks I can't handle méric in my address bar because I don't browse in French. As another interesting observation, Chrome on Android does as Chrome desktop does (Firefox Android similarly to its desktop companion), but the "Internet", which I presume is just fancy trimmings around the Web View component in Android, behaves like all the non-Chrome engines and renders the e-acute on 4.4.4. I just got my Android 5 update this weekend on my tablet, which brought with it a revamped Web View component so it's likely going to behave like Chrome does. I'll try to remember to check it. It may be beyond your level of interest to try, but I've often experienced that sites who put dumb validation rules in the browser will therefore omit the validation on the server. Thus, you're one well crafted curl request away from unsubscription bliss. Chrome will also give you some help in that its network request list in the developer tools has a "copy as curl" in the right-click menu. And that is why any sane (experienced?) API and/or standard author should have versioning in mind at all times. In my experience there is no such thing as "the" API or "the" standard. I freely admit that hardware tokens may be more secure, but the more 2FA that uses the standard implemented by Google Authenticator the happier I am. Plus, in my mind it would be cheaper and easier to implement a software only process than to try and convince a CFO that buying, shipping and managing little pieces of hardware will have sufficient ROI. I also am not holding my breath for even the software 2FA since quite a few of my financial institutions won't even let me use punctuation in my password. Yes, the irony of implementing 2FA lowering the risk of a simple password isn't lost in me. Related to selleck 's answer, I enjoy the lecturer in these FSU course videos: https://www.cs.fsu.edu/~redwood/OffensiveComputerSecurity/le... The (minimum) reading list for that class is "Hacking" as well as "The Web Application Hackers Handbook". I, too, read a blog talking about the joys of Alpine Linux but just be forewarned that you'll need to test the hell out of you app and be prepared to chase some weird behavior. It's libc and/or python are not the ones you know and love. I am certain there are great use-cases for this, but it seems the discussions imply that "change your FROM, save a ton of disk space" but there is more to that story. I was using it for hosting a Scrapy spider, which is Python 2.7 using twisted and a whole host of cryptography native libs (that I compiled against Alpine, I'm just listing them to provide the situation for the issue). The requests would leave the machine, but it seemed none of the handlers were firing with the result. I thought, ok, perhaps I've made a configuration mistake or the target website is acting funny. After 3 hours of inserting every kind of debugging print and log statement I could think of, I decided to sanity check the setup using debian:wheezy. As my post above implied, it worked immediately and flawlessly. Thus: it may work great for you, but ensure their libraries and binaries are a good fit for your situation. I did see quite a few other comments discussing Python, Ruby and other not-easily-statically-compilable stacks may not be a good fit for the system the article was proposing, so this may not strictly be Alpine's fault. It's just when I see a discussion of the great savings from using Alpine, I feel it's important to remind folks there is no free lunch. I don't know what they do with it, but it's handy for writing tests against an expected JSON file: assert json.dumps(expected, sort_keys=True) == json.dumps(obj, sort_keys=True) # where expected was json.load()-ed and obj was produced by the function I have two small corollaries to your description. The first is that, as the "Acknowledgements" section and the copyright page (2) implies, the target audience for this type of thing is the kind of organization that enjoys the use of CMMI. It was one of the greater realizations in my career when I learned that CMMI isn't necessarily trying to improve software engineering as much as it is trying to make whatever process you have repeatable . It took you 6 months to make "hello world"? Great, please don't let it take you 5 or 7 months the next time. And that segues into another aspect that you hinted at in your "2b, 2a, 2b" clause which is unlike traditional engineering disciplines, software engineering is almost always building something that no one has ever seen or imagined before. Thus, when asked to plan out what one is going to do that day, it's mostly "create a mental map of this unknown landscape as I discover where the theory meets the practice." It is absolutely helpful to have libraries and application servers, etc, but as for knowing _exactly_ what to type and exactly how long it should take to make another component that's shaped like the component from last week but who's innards are entirely different: good luck to us all. Maybe this only matters to me, but my biggest gripe with IRC as a protocol is the lack of embedded newline ability. Take away newlines and now you've prevented atomic code snippets and killed newline sensitive markup suck as Markdown. I deeply appreciate the history and communities available on IRC, but as a protocol, good riddance to it. Can anyone comment on why they are tag-averse? In my mental model, applying the git tag is just a standard (and arguably the first ) step in making a release. This link is 404 as of this comment: http://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/emacs.git/tag/?id=emacs-24.... > what makes SSA so special for compiler construction It makes doing immutability and loop invariant reasoning a ton easier, along with constant propagation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_single_assignment_form It might also interest this audience that the book source is in their subversion: https://gforge.inria.fr/scm/viewvc.php/book/?root=ssabook There is also a "slides" directory up one, but I didn't investigate further. > http://goo.gl/vFf8oN goes to: http://web.stanford.edu/~cdel/2014.asplos.quasar.pdf It's my understanding that URL shorteners are frowned upon in HN posts or comments. I believe it is this one: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/PPA When I've heard "structured logging" used, it has been in the context of much more key-value pairs than just having keywords next to values, e.g. Log.Info("customerNum={customerNumber} transactionId={transactionId} state=completed", cN, tID) or the ever popular logstash-y format: Log.Info(LogState.Add("state", "completed").Add("customerId", customerId).Add("transactionId", transactionId)); where `LogState` would build up a key-value dict and its `ToString` would emit the logstash JSON format. I guess the version that works best depends on the tool that is consuming the log text. > get the hg-git plugin to work seamlessly with newer versions of Mercurial on Windows and Linux Can you elaborate and/or point to an issue tracker that describes the problems? The Windows malfunction may be more work than a reasonable person would want to bite off, but getting it to work on Linux should be feasible. > The solenoid is 3.5 meters across I looked it up and it appears that US rural bridge clearance standards are 4.9m, so that must have been a very low flatbed or they found a route across the country that did not have to contend with any bridges. Alternatively, if I was driving the truck I'd want to go real slow toward the first bridge. There was a section on bridge strength, too, but (a) I don't know what "MS 18" implies, and (b) I don't know how much a truck and a ginormous magnet weigh for comparison: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interstate_Highway_standards > So far there's no good way to unfreeze someone and get all their cells going again. Do we have any non-human examples of this process, or is it 100% hope that the "flying cars" future will have a working process and it will be sufficiently effective to resurrect a human brain? Also, do we even have a mental model of the steps and just not the technology or are we missing the mental steps, too? The Android version is a ton easier to play, but I feel there is something lost when trying to see the whole field of play on a tiny screen. I'll try it on my Nexus 10 and see if that's any better. I agree wholeheartedly with the other comments: this is a awesome game and well executed! Small nit: on Android apps, traditionally pressing the back button when at the "home" or top-most screen of your app will either exit, or prompt to exit. It was also extremely not obvious how to disable the sound; traditionally I would have expected that to live under the "More ... " item at the home screen. I hope these are taken merely as suggestions, and not as criticism. In the sphere of research & practice, are there any long-term plans for distributed processing applied to the data, akin to the Common Crawl in AWS allowing one to run map-reduce jobs against it? There is a long history of sandboxing the JVM, which means in theory it should be safe to bring the code to the data without running the risk of having your local machine p0wned. I can't comment on its "goodness" but the textbook that sprang to mind is Linkers and Loaders: http://www.amazon.com/Linkers-Kaufmann-Software-Engineering-... The bad news is that it's from '99 but, as far as the foundations go, I can't imagine linkers back then were that different. Bizarre, their blog post is tagged "open source" but I checked their GitHub page and no sign of it. > Why in the world would you do that?! > several people with Asperger syndrome have already claimed that the method is useless for them Does anyone have a comment on why that would be? Unless I am misunderstanding, you wouldn't put anything there. Browsers have been reflowing text since their inception. Some new website designs call for setting a min width in order to have uniform boxes that reflow around each other, but a fixed width greater than an iPad 2 in landscape mode (to say nothing of what it's going to do on a phone) is a very strange decision indeed. I have Dell 24" UHD monitors in portrait at work, but that doesn't mean I have my browser maximized across the whole window. It was so annoying to have a horizontal scrollbar that I opened the developer tools just to find whatever CSS trickery you used and put a stop to it. I would be surprised if others had a dissimilar experience. edit: you may find this interesting: https://www.google.com/webmasters/tools/mobile-friendly/?url... especially since Google now punishes sites that are not mobile ready. Heh, seems HN is turning into the HTML and CSS tutorial site. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You don't want to do that kind of stuff. That's exactly what https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-indent is designed to accomplish. But otherwise, yes, that's tons better; thanks for your cooperation in making it friendlier to read. I don't know about your use-case, but in my experience by far the greatest use of these keys is (as they say in the linked article) for use by continuous integration servers. Some folks tag each build (if it creates an artifact), and almost everyone tags release builds created by CI. Thus, these keys need to be R/W to push tags back up. I wonder if one could combine this with solar desalination? Heh, you've never worked with a project/product manager, have you? "Yes, ma'am, version 1b6411f has been deployed successfully. Now I just need to edit the pom and bump the version to 2e1080d" Doesn't that presume that the base image upon which those in-house images are based is also trusted? Don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to be chicken little, but I don't think saying "we only publish our own images so we're ok" skips the authenticity problem. Running your own registry is probably the case you had in mind. What is the deal with the recent "thedotpost.com" envelope for perfectly valid YouTube URLs? I want to flag this post just for that. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LA-gNoxSLCE Thanks for the link. I think Kyle has a candidate for his next profile photo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5c81QJ-uRo#t=212 Are you complaining about the obvious ES JSON in one of the slides not getting a mention or just the lack of mention at all? If the latter, it's highly likely due to the findings (possibly even independently verified) of the treatment ES received from Jepsen, which was revisited in a talk at that same conference: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9778291 My apologies, I just noticed a flood of these previously unrecognized domains which had a lot of "web chrome" around a central YouTube video. I shouldn't have included the language about flagging it, as that made my comment more negative than I intended it. I am slowly learning to pare down my HN comments to avoid that editorializing. It appears not he, personally, but in his honor: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7521897 I actually came here to say something very close to that. What the hell? Even if they wanted to launch GCSR as a separate product, they could work that "beta" label off of it by using their new shiny toy to serve as the backend of code.google.com. I hope we can get this monthly topic added to the "whoishiring" posting routine. Or perhaps this will surface where other's have had success finding matches, provided it doesn't get crushed by the Monday news cycle. Damn, I was hoping they were all hosted on that site; I hope the Wayback machine has grabbed them all or it's going to link-rot. I'll submit that URL and hope that Wayback chases outbound links. Update: thankfully, it was already in the Wayback; unfortunately , the page is driven by a docs.google.com spreadsheet, which Wayback did not tolerate, yielding a JS error and on a page that is likely entirely JS, that's fatal. https://web.archive.org/web/20150321071838/http://christophe... Can you clarify? Do you mean that one should only develop upon the platform that will be used in production? Docker doesn't expose local folders to the container unless you specifically and verbosely instruct it to do so. Unless you're thinking of the ADD and COPY instructions, which are entirely optional (or you can, IIRC, use ADD with a URL). If you are referring to docker-machine (née boot2docker) sharing your home directory into the VirtualBox, that's a necessity brought on by the fact that you are not developing on Linux and Docker is (currently) Linux only, so something has to give in that relationship. It is, IIRC, also more-or-less optional, with the tremendous downside that you must scp/rsync your workspace into VirtualBox by hand, before ssh-ing in to execute `docker build`. Aren't they just objects that have integer properties; that's why you can for (k in ['a', 'b']) { console.log(k); } and get back 0, 1? However: var a = {0:'a', 1:'b'}; for (k in a) { console.log(k); } also outputs 0, 1. Edit: turns out, you can even have doubles, too: var weird = {3.14:'hello', 6.28:'world'}; // for loop above emits: 3.14, 6.28 console.log(weird[3.14]); // emits 'hello' I think you mean don't build a business headquartered in the USA, but there are certainly folks who are trying: http://cloudscrape.com https://import.io https://www.kimonolabs.com https://morph.io http://scrapinghub.com To implement it or describe what it's for? In my mental model, it's laying the conduit that is expensive (but the collective clearly has an edge over a traditional vendor because they presumably don't have to get permits from the towns), followed by the cost of the actual fiber and/or equipment. But hopefully once that conduit is in place, if Super Awesome Fiber 2.0 comes along, they are one small remote controlled fiber-pulling device away from stringing the updated medium through said conduit. I am purposefully not even addressing the multiplicative power of multi-modal fiber connections, or any such in-medium improvements. > Installing conduit and pulling the fiber is about three times more expensive than just doing direct burial fiber. In rural areas it can be more cost effective to just do direct burial fiber. You caught me only thinking of "town" as town and not the entirety. So in that way, I 100% agree with you that pulling pipes out to Farmer Bob's house is not a good use of capital or time. However, while I was considering the mistake I made, it also seems that burying the fiber isn't a good use of capital for almost the same reason. I would bet that these rural areas have power and phone (maybe even cable, too) provisioned via poles and thus stringing the fiber along the poles would be the approach I would take, barring some fantastic reason why that wouldn't work [copper handles high winds better? icing? who knows]. [I'm going to apologize in advance for the chaos of this comment; there's a lot of moving parts and - as the expression goes - sorry this is so long, I didn't have time to make it shorter. And holy fuck I wish HN had a markup language with more than 3 modes] Funny you should mention that, as I just had a scratch at it this weekend. Although OpenDarwin has ceased operations as of 2004 ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darwin_%28operating_system%29#... ), the PureDarwin project has some flickering signs of life but just barely: http://www.puredarwin.org/ and https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/puredarwi... While I was roaming around trying to see if anyone was trying to get such a beast to run in modern VirtualBox setups, I discovered that Apple used to publish ISOs of Darwin ( https://opensource.apple.com/static/iso/ ) but I was not lucky enough to have the CD boot in VBox, and I didn't get very far with qemu, either: http://althenia.net/notes/darwin My interest is almost solely in getting PureDarwin up and running in Vagrant/VBox with some networking support, so making headless OSX build boxes will stop being a ginormous technical and licensing clusterfuck. I have a mild interest in ReactOS for the same end game, but at this moment I will benefit from OSX toys more. Probably our best shot is to tag along on the coattails of the development that goes into making the hackintoshes run and support crazy hardware. Separately, Catherine (of opensn0w fame) is porting XNU to ARM https://github.com/darwin-on-arm/xnu and https://github.com/darwin-on-arm/wiki/wiki/Building-Darwin so that should be interesting, too, in a qemu kind of way. If nothing else, at least the kernel is receiving some attention outside of Infinite Loop. There are plenty of reposts that make it on the front page, and they were expressly ok-ed in the FAQ: https://news.ycombinator.com/newsfaq.html It got posted for the same reason anything gets posted: someone thought it was interesting, and it was upvoted to the front page because others thought it was interesting, too. Plus, Sunday. IMHO, the community benefits far more from folks weighing in with their opinions or discoveries or complaints in the comments than the actual link itself. > Google frequently puts their toes in the water and then decides it's too cold to swim. But only after a ton of people have started to use it, and weren't warned that Google was "toe-ing the water": health, reader, code(!), I'm certain there are others ... I thought the slideshare.net link was odd, but it seems that is the only non-paywall-ed version of the file. As a friendly FYI to other interested parties, http://bugmenot.com/view/slideshare.net is a mechanism through which one can use the download button, resulting in a much nicer on the eyes PDF. No need for bytecode when a stacktrace will do :-) public static void main(String... args) { Runnable r = () -> { ((Object)null).toString(); // kaboom }; r.run(); } https://plugins.jetbrains.com/search/index?pr=idea&search=ce... Everyone and their cousin can create a language, but without tooling then one is back to authoring in "dumb" editors and I will never ever tolerate that on a team again. To save you the trouble of searching for it, this is the more relevant link: https://blog.yourkarma.com/engineering-for-growth I believe that LinkedIn charges you a "conversation token" to send an email, but you get it back if the recipient replies. If we extend that mental model a little, a more conversational Twitter might make it so one could receive 2x the last character limit for every reply for that specific conversation. I'm certain someone will illustrate with game theory how that system would do weird things in the context of a multi-person interaction. I'm sorry, I don't follow your comment. Is it a reference to the "you may not disassemble, reverse engineer, look at crossways" clause in most EULA text? The cited engineer's LinkedIn page[0] says that he worked for Lit Motors[1] through Jan 2015, then nothing - which seems to square with my mental model of Apple. The Lit Motors part piqued my interest since I'm a pre-orderer for their awesome looking self-balancing enclosed motorcycle/vehicle. He even went to the same university as I did, although for very different degrees. 0 = https://www.linkedin.com/pub/frank-fearon/16/687/3a0 1 = http://litmotors.com I always love reading his blog posts. I honestly don't know how one finds the time to write that well at that length and still turn out guile et al., plus whatever his "day job" is. I don't think people have a concern that Postgres is the one with the wacky syntax. And it's been my experience that unless the team is very disciplined, if a language offers a thing, you'll find it in the codebase. Thus, ripping out all the backticks where you've used "select" or "from" as a column name isn't a postgres problem. To really go out on a limb, I would posit that MySQL's view on RDBMS functionality influences its use, which I bet does not square with more traditional systems. Anytime one finds a shift in world view, the code becomes hard to rewrite and still behave the same way. As a piece of unsolicited UX feedback, if you chose a different word for one of "cleared"/"cleaned" it would make those two radically different actions stand out from one another in the list. I do see that "cleared" is accompanied by a score, so it's not the end of the world, but I did warn you it was unsolicited feedback. :-) Also, do you know why evernote chooses to send "Content-Disposition: attachment; filename=skitch.png" forcing my browser to download instead of display the png inline? I always enjoy the times that the service polls me to find out why I've unsubscribed. But I also have to admit that I also hate it when I check the "I never signed up for this list" and I don't get an apology or something. It was mentioned elsewhere in the comments, but I believe you're thinking of Meta Programming System: https://www.jetbrains.com/mps/ I regret that I have not had enough real world experience with MPS to comment on how it might relate to what Facebook is doing. But as for real world, a JetBrains employee told me that they wrote YouTrack ( https://youtrack.jetbrains.com ) in MPS, presumably using an "issue tracker DSL" but he wouldn't elaborate further. If you aren't already aware, the recent versions of awscli have started accepting the full JSON payloads, which I realize seems like it's worse but in my experience one usually interacts with a few common cases and leaving the JSON around for editing is both a great reminder and saves a bunch of keystrokes. http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/generate-cli... Oh, yes, I hope my comment didn't come across as "you can replace jungle with a ton of JSON"; I was trying to speak to the comment by @rem7 about trying to remember all the crazy syntax of the command line. I haven't tried jungle yet, but I am glad it exists and I thank you for open sourcing it to improve our aws experience, too. I would hazard a guess that had that not been a mobile URL that the dupe-catcher would have worked as expected. So is this something that should be flagged, or we just wait for it to fall off the front page on its own? If by "that" you mean an example of a GUI on top of scripts, the `git gui` and `gitk` that ship with git are in Tcl/Tk and shell out to the git commands that do the work As others have mentioned, they are very, very not "native UI" friendly - OSX is an especially bad instance - but they do run on all of Git's platforms without a 20MB runtime to go along with them. If Tk's widgets were just a little less harsh, those two would absolutely be my go-to graphical git clients. I have two answers, the best one and the immediate one. The best course is to reach out to the authors and see if they will publish the LaTeX that it was used to produce that PDF (or, of course, see if LaTeX is epub aware or such). The immediate answer to your question is that I only just now tried pdf2htmlEX ( https://coolwanglu.github.io/pdf2htmlEX/ ) and was stunned how good it was. If you are on OSX, one can "brew install pdf2htmlex" your way to happiness. Don't get me wrong: exporting to HTML is a long way from "ebook-friendly" but I feel it is close to the spirit of your question. Please report back if they authors do agree, as I'm sure you're not the only one interested. If you don't like it, I'm sure the project will refund your purchase price. I have like 10 more bugs that I wish I could pay to have fixed. Are you aware of Bountysource? https://www.bountysource.com/ While I believe the audience size for it isn't super large, it's also conceivable that you could post a link to the Bountysource as a comment on the Bugzilla issue, at which point your incentive becomes more visible. I don't know if you were just using a number as an example, but $1000 will likely get you some real traction on a bug - provided, of course, that the upstream project (Eclipse, in this case) will accept the work. I thought for sure it would be about this recently announced project, which also cited Tim Pope: https://github.com/m1foley/fit-commit#readme Man that stuff really drives me crazy. Putting releases is one faux pas, and the inclusion of every library required to build the thing is the other one that burns me up. I have been known to take a copy of reposurgeon to strip out the binaries and demonstrate to the repo owner how much smaller the repo would be if one were to make use of an actual release or build process. I would be glad to fix every one of them I come across, if I thought I had any prayer of having the repo owner accept the new slimmer version. You wouldn't even need a browser extension in Chrome, as it supports "greasemonkey" style user scripts natively: any `.user.js` file you drag onto the "chrome://extensions" page is converted to an anonymous Chrome extension automagicly. YMMV with other browsers, if course. There was an absolutely fascinating and emotionally grueling episode of RadioLab last week that is kind of related to this topic: http://www.radiolab.org/story/rhino-hunter/ And its friends: * Geography: http://wiesmann.codiferes.net/wordpress/?p=15187&lang=en * Postal Addresses: https://www.mjt.me.uk/posts/falsehoods-programmers-believe-a... * Time: http://infiniteundo.com/post/25326999628/falsehoods-programm... There were some HN links that showed up in my searches, but I didn't bother to include them; left as an exercise to thea reader. Similarly, I didn't try to put them in "who got to which first" order; they're alphabetical and all delightful. That sounds like an infinite amount of fun to try and format for output :-) I believe you'll find the shows here, and in other "radio aggregator" sites: http://tunein.com/radio/BBC-Radio-1-988-s24939/ I've heard from a guy who knows a guy that it's super easy to time-shift those streams into a local file, too. If they listed a specific version, from where would you download it? My current Chrome is "45.0.2454.101 (64-bit)" but I couldn't tell you if my life depended on it what version I had last week (44? 45.023? who knows?). Since you have your own mail server, I bet a Procmail recipe that forwards said emails to either support or the CEO's email address would get their attention. Whoa, thank you so much for bringing PlistBuddy to my attention. I feel as much joy as when I learned about `/usr/libexec/java_home`. Maybe I should just start poking around in /usr/libexec and see what other awesome toys are hiding in there. Every time I hear/see "Sublime Text" my ears perk up because of the many languages one could be using it to accomplish professional work, there are many smarter editors available. Take your ruby for example: RubyMine is unbelievably smart ( https://www.jetbrains.com/ruby/ ), NetBeans usually has passable scripting language support ( https://netbeans.org/features/ruby/index.html ) and even the old battleship Eclipse claims to have Ruby support. I do hope this doesn't come across as preachy, but for a fellow anti-command-tab, "there is never too much screen real estate", workflow-optimization person, I thought it might interest you if you haven't already considered it. The one problem I've had with these "construct a story" mechanisms is that I have just as hard of a time remembering the specifics of the story as I do some of the things I'm trying _to_ remember. In your example, "the ISS crashed down into $city" requires remembering the city name, and that's just a few words in. By the time the novella gets to the 50th word, there are a ton of details one must remember, aside from the story itself that houses them (which in your case seems custom made for those words; I'd be surprised if that was your general purpose loci). This problem is compounded by the system described on ArtOfMemory's wiki ( http://mt.artofmemory.com/wiki/Method_of_Loci ) where they use a fixed story but with interchangeable items in the rooms. I'm sure with enough reciting of that story, I could remember the corn and milk, but the second time I need that memory palace, only this time with different items, I'm screwed because the two stories will bleed together. I recognize this comment might sound like I'm deriding the method, but I promise that's not the case. I just want to know if someone else has the same "stories don't work for me" and to know if there is a twist or alternate which makes them work for the kind of brain which isn't helped by loci. I had to look up "didactic" to remember what it meant, and I learned that it has a negative connotation (according to this one dictionary, at least) http://i.word.com/idictionary/didactic English drives me crazy and it's my native tongue You can also submit your preference to YouTube, even if you _do_ have Flash: https://www.youtube.com/html5 I especially enjoyed this comment from a user entitled OMGWTF :-) The other side to that coin is that these reports are always in the top of the front page of HN, and likely on Reddit, also. They are popular because they are great, and I don't want to live in a world where people can't be paid fairly to do great things. Wow, and the whole family got a makeover: https://www.elastic.co/blog/kibana-4-2-0 https://www.elastic.co/blog/logstash-2-0-0-released https://www.elastic.co/blog/sense-2-0-0-beta1 My major congratulations to the ES team! (and thank you for my stickers :-) ) Wow, and the whole family got a makeover: https://www.elastic.co/blog/kibana-4-2-0 https://www.elastic.co/blog/logstash-2-0-0-released https://www.elastic.co/blog/sense-2-0-0-beta1 My major congratulations to the ES team! (and thank you for my stickers :-) ) In this similar vein, I had a religious experience when I realized YouTube had a 2x button. I'm now livid beyond belief that I can't do it on mobile. Although I will rarely listen to more emotionally charged content (TAL, Radiolab, etc) on the multiplier, since I don't listen to those shows for their facts or to learn something. I don't think it's necessary to include an affiliate link here. Foremost, I would be surprised if it gets enough traffic to matter, and in quite a few forums it's considered quite rude. In my mental model, rescues differ from stowaways in that the rescued would likely be glad to pay for any fines incurred whereas that's almost certainly not true of stowaways. But, as has been said over and over in these threads: it's one thing to make commentary on the Internet and quite another to be there and have to choose. The posting with commentary: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10535994 Congratulations to the Kubernetes team! That blog post read like a wish list come true (Ingress: swoon). I can't wait to kick the tires on the new release. Is it a coincidence that Kubernetes 1.1.1 also came out today, or did you plan it that way? Either way, I am looking forward to playing with this and thanks for making the Kubernetes ecosystem even better. Ah, that's what I came to the comments to find out, having just heard about an Android vulnerability in Chrome. The way the news of that vuln read (that one just needs to visit a web page) I thought this vuln would certainly fit that description. In case someone sees this here but isn't also on /r/netsec, the comments over there list a few more: https://www.reddit.com/r/netsec/comments/40i06f/i_put_togeth... I can't speak for the commenter, but for me the ... concern ... with using shell scripts is the complete lack of understanding of what they are going to do. It's not exactly a lack of trust for the Kubernetes team as much as when it goes toes-up (not if ), then one needs to be able to understand what it did in order to understand what it didn't. I haven't used their cluster provisioning in a while, but back when I did it made a lot of modifications to AWS before falling over, at which point I need to either undo those changes or the scripts need to be smart enough to resume where they left off. Shell scripts are not well suited to that purpose, in my experience. Yes, I am aware of their salt stack procedure, but it doesn't hold a candle to the simplicity of Kubernetes on CoreOS, which unlike the 23+ directories worth of salt things to read is something you would probably fit on 3 A4 sheets of paper: https://github.com/coreos/coreos-kubernetes/tree/master/mult... I provisioned a Vagrant cluster using the Kubernetes salt mechanism just for this comment, and the "Cockpit" username and password didn't work after it was finished. Which salt config contains that information? Beats me. I'm thankful that `vagrant ssh master` did as expected. I recognize that the previous paragraph is just _my_ experience and _my_ preferences, but the anecdote is the reason why (in my experience) one must understand what the "magic" deployment process is doing, and only after that voluntarily cede control to the scripts merely as a labor-saving tactic. It does me no good to have a cluster brought to life that I then have zero idea how to maintain. To add to this 100% correct comment, if you haven't tried using git bisect, I highly recommend it. The only thing you need is an automated way of determining if a specific sha is "good" or "bad" based on the question you are trying to answer. Often that's "do the tests pass?" but (AFAIK) it can be any property of the state of the code. A++, will use again. (err, hopefully not, but you know what I mean) > would capture std{out,err} indefinitely, which could cause the slave host to run out of disk space That sounds to me like something everyone would care about. I have started setting Docker's log-opt to max-size=128m and max-file=3 expressly to side-step that kind of nonsense. It's a great happy medium between "logs go out over the network", which impedes one's ability to use "docker log" for quick-and-dirty viewing, but not blowing out the disks. We've enjoyed great success with logspout, since it captures every container, relieving us of the need to configure them individually. Or I am always a fan of putting a checkbox in the project's Settings page "show 'download source code' link" and a text box underneath it with "source code download label", enabling the project to use language they are happy with That said, I am also cognizant that "checkbox overload" is a real thing, so merely "for your consideration" I'll bite: is there anything novel presented over these book-like pages, or it's just an introductory text? The lack of navigation syncing up with the page I'm on makes it hard to tell if I'm 10% or 90% through the content. If there was a printer-friendly view, it would be much easier to evaluate whether this content is relevant to me or not. Tesseract is popular because it is open source, in my opinion. I've had a great deal of frustration using it, but to be honest I think OCR falls into the same valley as trying to implement an office suite, or reimplement the Windows api - high expectations and only so many spare cycles to work on it. I also have FineReader for Mac but I've had contact with some of Abbyy's more expensive stuff and it's really incredible. I wouldn't recommend any other system, if asked. The tl;dr is that it is attempting to reinvent parts of UML The main page isn't cached, but at least one of the subpages is: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:DzlZ_Bs... (maybe they had no-cache on the front page and forgot(?) on the symbols page) That's too bad, because I would have wanted to see this one: http://www.cavelanguage.org/language-specification (one need not click, it's the same "application error" page) > I expected them to build the Everywhere interface for opvault I realize this may only partially help you, but onepasswordpy ( https://github.com/Roguelazer/onepasswordpy ) has support for both Agilekeychain and the OpVault, if you find yourself on a system that isn't Mac or Windows, or otherwise is a PitA to get to your keychain/vault. In fairness(?) to Agilebits, the 1Password Anywhere really was just the most bare-bones possible, as it didn't support any of the encrypted items except Login; so no Passwords, Secure Notes, no attachments on anything. Maybe they just figured it wasn't worth the hassle to flesh it out, and then with opvault it became a lower priority than it was before. It't a good thing HN doesn't have URL length restrictions, because that URL uses 403 characters to represent a URL that is 82 characters long. > Most users Let's not get out of hand here. That may be true of "some users," or most users that you have come in contact with in your travels. > Unfortunately tied to your phone number > ... > What's wrong with tying this to your Google account? Or, as I recently learned after switching to Project Fi, the worst of both worlds where I am forbidden from using Google Voice on my Fi phone because ... reasons? I can't even navigate to the Voice website without considerable hoopjumpery because Chrome realizes that I'm on a Fi phone and immediately redirects me to the Play store where I can install Fi - you know, that app that came with my Fi phone? Just damn. I'm with that other commenter: I thought, mistakenly, for a while there that we were going to have chat interop, if not from XMPP then from the multiple WebRTC products. But, ha ha, I must be new here. > I want a Python IDE I use PyCharm, which I bought a license for. I am 100% on-board with giving JetBrains money, because their projects are amazing , however, I wanted to remind folks that PyCharm community edition is very, very powerful and not only free but also open source under an Apache license. I build it from master every morning and consider that process quite easy if the user is familiar with ant-based build systems. It is madness to edit Python in vi when such a fantastic tool exists, is free/libre and also even offers vi-esque keybindings. That may be easier if you already have proxychains on your machine, and/or integrated into your workflow, but FYI youtube-dl has built-in proxy support with `--proxy URL` Just as an FYI, youtube links support a time bookmark at the end of the URL with `?v=CAFEBABE#t=11m0s` (in your example); the "share" widget on the site will encode the bookmark for you, if you prefer that method. I haven't personally tried it, but I think that the majority of ChromeOS is open source, and in theory the bits that aren't (maybe bios, network drivers, video drivers, etc.) will likely be on your existing Chromebook. Maybe surf around the XDA forums and see if anyone has insight into the matter: http://forum.xda-developers.com/hardware-hacking/chromebooks My interest in having a running Darwin system is the ability to build OSX things on an openly licensed platform. I know that it is permissible to virtualize OSX on top of OSX, but even that is a PITA and more so in a TeamCity/jenkins/etc setup Giving what the mingw project has contributed to being able to build Windows binaries on Linux, I'm pretty sure it would be possible to do something similar for OSX, but since so much of it is already open source, it seems a waste to discard the exact code that OSX is running Are you thinking of GNUstep? I actually backed them but evidently my pledge wasn't high enough: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/203272607/gnustep-proje... iTerm2 permits one to bind command-w to nothing , which is fantastic if you are going really fast and you meant to do that to Chrome but your iTerm2 has focus. Also great for errant muscle memory when one means to press control w It remembers all the sessions that were open and the directory the shell was in when Yet Another Rebooting Update comes through. Obviously the local command history is lost, but even just restoring the tabs, putting back their titles and changing back to the right directory is a monster time saver. Being open source is a very real benefit in my life, even if I never change a thing, because I can change a thing. The colored tabs are also pretty. Also, FWIW, there is an actual v3.0 tag: https://github.com/gnachman/iTerm2/releases/v3.0.0 This discussion might interest you: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11130208 > Maybe while they're at it they can add a real package manager too. Contrary to those who suggested Brew, I stand by your request: de-installing anything that went in as a .pkg is a .pita and Apple doesn't provide, as best I can tell, any mechanism short of the author providing its own "Uninstall.app" to remove software. I've gotten very close by scripting some of the `pkgutil` output, but it's nowhere near `apt-get remove` and friends. I was trying to recover my login certificate, which I think was in a copy of Firefox somewhere. They were happy to send me a verification code to my email, then asked for my private key password for the replacement cert. I, of course, asked 1Password to generate one for me, but because it had symbols in it, I received the dreaded password validation error: > *Password length 10~32 , consist of letters, numbers Et tu, StartSSL? > You can use .DEFAULT_GOAL := goal_name to set the default target run by 'make' with no target name specified. I had always, perhaps erroneously, thought that the very first goal in the file was the default one. > plus U2F integration, so now i won't hear anymore how "terribly slow" it is to have to whip out a phone to grab a TOTP code... I don't know if this applies to you, but 1Password 6 has support for generating TOTP passwords (they have a neato QR scanner built in, or one can always just input the key or key URI by hand) It's been a revolutionary change in my day-to-day frustration level I thought this was going to go in a different direction based on HubSpot's ads they run in the "Embedded" podcast: in those, they say they want to get back to the story, too, and that's the extent of the messaging. I appreciate it, and it obviously worked fine for brand recognition, even if I couldn't have told you what they do for a living. I think the post title would be clearer if written as "XDA summary of ...". If there is a better mechanism to offer this suggestion, please do let me know.