I strongly suspect that there are some experiments that can be done similar to the Cavendish experiment which could prove the Quantized Inertia theory, and might even get a share of a Nobel prize. They could be done in a garage, with some cheap electronics, servos, and a raspberry pi or two. The Amp Hour Electronics Podcast - all things electronics Business of Machining - CNC machining as a business Cortex - CGP Grey and Myke Hurley discuss productivity Hello Internet - CGP Grey and Brady Haran The Joe Rogan Experience - Long form interviews, typically 3+ hours Making Sense with Sam Harris - Talk about the meaning of life The Unmade Podcast - Brady Haran and Tim Hinde discuss ideas for podcasts yet unmade FPGAs have the wrong architecture. Routing fabrics are a premature optimization. They need to be a 2d array of 4:4 look up tables. One bit in from each cartesian neighbor, a latch, and one bit out to each of them. It's turing complete. You alternate the latch clocks, thus preventing all timing issues. The delays are predictable. You can route almost trivially. You can route around defects. You can prove that programs will work as designed. See my rants for the last decade about "Bitgrid" if you want to know more. If you have a symmetric grid, you can quickly rotate, flip, and otherwise transform the program. Since all the outputs are independent, you can have computation in a cell that has results flowing into the chip, and back out to the edge at the same time. Delays are simply a matter of counting how many cells a result passes, and thus a good signal to feed to an optimizing algorithm. Just because something "has been done before" doesn't mean it's not useful now, the context has changed. Electric cars were once the default, and then internal combustion took over... and now they are back... but the were definitely "done before". Bulk computation is what we need. The maximum use of all of the transistors in a chip, at the minimum necessary clock speed and voltage to get the job done. Delays don't matter at all if you get a result each clock cycle. If you had a systolic array that was generic and routless, you could very easily compile (at run time) the filter coefficients directly into the logic, updating as you go. I'd feed inputs from the left, passing them through towards the right, then reflect them back in a manner that would keep timing right. Sums would accumulate and appear as outputs on the left. If you clocked the whole array with a 2 phase clock, you'd get an answer out every cycle, once all the pipelines were filled. Delphi was amazing. The best GUI builder I've ever seen, fast as blazes... then Borland went bust, and it got killed by being priced into obscurity. What if we just took a bunch of old steel I-beams, cut them into sheets, ground and polished them flat, then scanned with a scanning tunnelling electron microscope and looked for evidence of interaction with dark matter? You could run an experiment with observations going back to the production of the steel... 100+ years of data at the get go. Consider this: Every day that Tesla, and the electric car/solar future is delayed, is another $5 Billion of revenue for the oil and gas industry. There is a strong incentive to spread every possible bad news item about Tesla for all the people in that industry which comprises 2-3 percent of the world's GDP. In fact, if you see light from 10 billion light years away, as far as the photon is concerned, it just left, traveled for zero time, and hit your eyeball. I'm amazed that it's less than a picojoule to do an 8 bit add. Most of the transistors in a modern computation environment are just sitting there waiting to be touched by an instruction (far, far more transistors in RAM than in the CPUs, overall).... computing prematurely optimized on the wrong architecture.... there's still a lot of room to grow, speed wise. It is possible to make secure operating systems, doing so has been discouraged since the demise of multics. A sense of futility is now endemic to the Information Technology community, because they think such a thing is impossible, they won't even try, and actively deride anyone who states otherwise. The security research required to build multi-level secure operating systems was completed in response to information processing requirements during the Vietnam conflict... there are multiple models which work... none of which are implemented. It doesn't have to be this way... look up capability based security. That was interesting, but I need to let those things sit for a day or two and stew in my brain. The frequency at which an MRI works is directly proportional to the strength of magnetic field,all the way down to that of the earth's magnetic field. The downside is that sampling time is inversely proportional to frequency... which makes getting high resolution at low fields impractical. Seems like he's made some trade-offs and likely some better signal processing to help make up for the lower field. I'm fairly certain I could explain the whole thing, all the way down, to any sufficiently interested person. I'll never forget the day that my chemistry professor explained how a transistor worked... no quantum mechanics required. Sure, I'd have to look some details up, but if I can learn it, so can you. So, if I understand this correctly... Gaussian Processes are a way of trying every possible function to fit a set of data points, being constrained a bit more with each new data point. All neural networks in the list, given sufficient size, are essentially Gaussian in their behavior, and thus share the same features and limitations. Right? Google Picasa - A photo organizer that works offline, and lets you run facial recognition on your photos to organize and tag them. It has a bug, and sometimes gets labels swapped if you have more than one in a photo, which then metastasizes to corrupt the samples used to compare new photos against. It was awesome, and now it's gone. The fix is described at .." rel="nofollow">https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... . it was simple, but elusive because of unsafe assumptions made in the name of performance. "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." The fix was to undo a seemingly safe performance tweak... From https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." I did too... but plowed forward with a project in Python... until it stalled.... took about 20 hours and re-implemented it in Lazarus/Free pascal, and haven't looked back since. It's not quite as solid as Delphi was, but then again I don't have $5k to dump on a compiler right now. I wrote a co-operative multi-tasker for Turbo Pascal 7, back in the day. I needed to be able to pipe things between a few filter routines, and it helped make everything work. In the middle of compute heavy code, you sprinkled calls to "Yield"... and it worked. The article seems to be gone from the website... but my standard diatribe could still fit... here's the tldr: Current OS designs can't protect themselves because they lack "capabilities".. a concept created to solve problems during the Vietnam war, perfected in the 1970s and then forgotten by almost everyone... except a few folks, some of whom are at genode.org I was hoping to find something I could use on my PC, only to find it is a service, not an RSS reader. I used to use Turbo Pascal, then Delphi long ago... both object oriented, and useful as heck. These days I'm getting warmed up to Lazarus/FreePascal, as the Delphi price hikes killed it as an option. I have no idea what a "factory" is... and hope I never find out. C++, C#, etc all are too darned fixated on proving how clever the programmers and language designers are.... meanwhile we just get stuff done in the Pascal world. It's the C that's the problem. That sounds like a really bad idea. Eventually you'll consider the SVN stuff to be lost, and it'll be impractical to import it later. As all the responses show, that history has real value.. you don't want to lose it. And if you can't afford Delphi, Lazarus is okay, not as well documented, but works well, and the price is right. ($0.00) I wrote an application that we sold to clients in TP. I implemented a set of libraries to do forms based editing, a cooperative form of multi-tasking, and the ability to pipe text between those tasks. It was a lot of fun, and a bit mind bending to have a function return from the spawn call twice. 8) that was not expletive-laden it was not a rant he sounded pretty calm, but annoyed to me. I have a friend who used to work at IBM... and does Model railroading... there could be an interesting intersection there. 8) This could be used as a combustor in a turbine engine, increasing efficiency by a few percent... which could save huge amounts of fuel. The idea of hiding all the icons when not on the screen surprised me... I've been using computers since 1979, and never thought of doing that. I do like his point about the increasingly small and easy to miss targets that GUIs have been forcing on us... especially now that my laptop has a 1920x1080 display and a crappy NO BUTTON touch pad. (more than 1/2 of the time I get a right-click instead of left-click!) If I could somehow activate a menu with maximum 8 choices in each keyboard direction (that are NOT subject to automatic moving around, so that a given motion is repeatable)... and cascade that as many levels deep as required.... I could get a lot more done, a lot faster. It was worth the watch time, thanks! I had the job of repairing some of these. They were made by Westinghouse in 1964 as part of a control system running an 6 stand rolling mill. The nice thing about them is you can have several inputs, all electrically isolated from each other (separate sense windings) and they worked all the way down to DC, which surprised the heck out of me. The driver was a 10khz square wave, so the frequency response was DC to 1khz... fast enough for control loops. The only thing missing from modern pascal (Lazarus/Free Pascal) is first class support for the new types such as lists, generators, heaps and other goodies Python and it's kin bring to the party. I needed to pull a parameter from a string yesterday, reached back into my archives, and with a little bit of work... 28 year old code did the job. (Strings have changed a bit since MS-DOS) Wait, there's a timer involved? I always ignore those. Our Chicago area group (APCU) is down to about 50 members, and we meet virtually thanks to the mismanagement of the plague here in the US, last time was a Zoom call. The hardware has gotten reliable, and even the software isn't so cringy as it used to be. Gone are the days when we started each meeting with "Microsoft Bashing" just to get it out of the way. So there we were... expecting a + or - on the test... we got a vertical bar | and a 2 day wait because we were in the middle of nowhere... Yellowstone. Sproutlet is 14 now. 8) Prediction: In the next few days, the NSA/FBI use their trove of data to track down all of Antifa, and make arrests. It lets the Democrats off the hook, lets Trump say "law and order", lets the NSA keep it's toys, and the risk of civil war drops a bit, increasing National Security. They could even frame Iran or North Korea in the process. Bonus points for the Military Industrial Complex. Not this old sysadmin.... count slow when waiting to reboot cable modems.... or you have to wait and do it again. I have Schrodinger's Covid... it's possible I had it, or not... and may never know. I tested negative once, but those tests are only sensitive to ongoing infection. I had co-workers who definitely had it. I've been short of breath ever since. I stayed upstairs by myself for a month, and then had a boatload of tests. Never had a fever, and things only tasted weird for a day. I've had a f*ckton of tests, including a probe in my heart... so I'm not likely to just drop dead. I'm left with "it might be asthma" or reconditioning. By the time all the testing and resting was done... after 12 weeks I was finally clear to go back to work... and laid off 1 hour later, over the phone. The last few days, has been worse than the new normal. Right now I'm a bit dizzy just sitting and typing. My pulse and oxygen levels are normal, though. It hurts to breath in deeply. I have a close friend with an almost identical symptoms and history. It really sucks not to be able to even go to the store without coming home and needing to rest for an hour or two. I feel like I've aged 10 years in the past 6 months. All the focus on the dead ignores the side effects, which are going to hit this country like a hammer because leadership failed to contain it, and now we've got almost 1/4 of all the cases in the world. Stay home, wash your hands, and wear a mask. The alternative is common words meaning different things, depending on field or specialty. Case in point: Entropy Universe: 50 / Sim Level: 13 Paperclips: 153,625 It told me many things I already knew... but it enabled me to summarize them in a new way. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter,etc.. all exist to sell your attention to advertisers. This means they want to keep you on site for as long as possible. The algorithms used find the nearest rabbit hole, and gently push you in that direction. The hole might lead to a new skill, just plain fun, or could be horrible for you and society. They don't care about the effects, they only care about the profits. Evil isn't the intent, it's just the side effect. I've always had an interest in Forth. It's a very powerful tool that I just never got the hang of. When OS/2 was still young, and Microsoft hadn't killed it off yet... I was told that you couldn't write assembler programs in OS/2.... which I took as a challenge. Forth/2 was the result. Under OS/2 V2 it generated native code, and actually got quite a few users once Brian Matthewson wrote a manual for it. These days, I wonder if it's possible to run Forth inside a VM as the operating system. How hard would it be to stand up a networking stack? I have an older friend who has always wanted an "atomic clock", and he bought one off of e-bay, an HP-5061b.... it almost worked right. Between the two of us, we got it working, and tuned to the right Zeeman frequency. Once we got the hang of repairing them, two was even better.... we put each one into the XY channels of an oscilloscope.... the pattern never shifted over hours... so cool! The optical clocks and optical frequency combs mean there are devices that you can buy, with internal atomic clocks, that are effectively Frequency Counters, for blue light... that read down to the Hertz! I want one of those when I'm older. ;-) In mainframe operating systems, you give a process a virtual disk, and some I/O channels. The process has zero access to the rest of the system. A modern system needs to do exactly the same thing, use Capabilities to specify access a virtual machine has, and default to nothing else. On a datacenter scale. As a present day Lazarus/Free Pascal programmer... I found this dive into history interesting. I had an almost allergic reaction to the idea of not type checking everything at compile time, but I do see how in some cases it can help if that is postponed. What was REALLY interesting to me was the idea of objects as processes, and passing messages instead of function calls. The machine I'm using to type this has an 8 cores, and I can see that thousands are on the way eventually. Hanging on to programming models that only execute serially will become very time prohibitive in the near term future. The idea of immutable variables always struck me as oxymoronic... but if an object is always resolved by id or name each time it is used, it resolves some rather nasty deadlocks, while allowing failure to be recovered from. It seems obvious to me that I'm going to have to give up the ability to know exactly how variables are stored, in order to gain this flexibility. It seems like it will be worth the trade off, as compute cost declines, and communication costs remain relatively constant. There is much in this to ponder, thanks for sharing. Bad choice or no, the language is appropriate... Constants should remain constant at runtime. Variables should be allowed to vary. I don't see why people think immutable strings is a good idea, for example. How do you ever build a text editor, if the strings can't be edited? Ward Christensen, who was working for IBM in Technical Sales support at the time, heard it at work. I have no idea what the heck is going on with objects in C++, it makes no sense to me. The model in Delphi/Lazarus/Free Pascal has always seemed quite natural to me since I first encountered it. I could have used that book back then. That was life before Amazon and online searches ruled everything. If it wasn't at Borders or Barnes and Noble, I didn't know about it. I used to build software, back in the days of MS-DOS... wrote it all in Turbo Pascal, used pkZip to make archives of the source code every day, saved them on floppy disk. Towards the end, Windows was starting to be a thing, but I didn't have to deal with it. Delphi was fun. Then I was a system admin for about 2 decades, and only occasionally did I do the odd bit of programming. I took a detour into making gears, until the plague hit. I've had a side project for the past year, Initially I tried to do it in Python because where was a good charting library for it... but it turned out that building a GUI for the user was an exercise in masochism. There just was nothing like the interactive GUI builder in Delphi that I could find for python. After months of banging my head against the wall.. it worked, but changes that should take 30 seconds were taking 20+ minutes because I had to tweak all the python code for every little change in the GUI. I tried out Lazarus/Free Pascal, since Delphi is out of my price range.... it's buggy... but it took a pretty intense weekend, and I had everything replicated, and the pace of development went back to reasonable. The focus on C++ and the weird class factory thing, Java and the madness there... so much wasted time and effort when things USED TO BE BETTER. GIT, on the other hand... is awesome.... way better than ZIP files. 8) It took a while, but GUIs work much better for users, and they are almost trivial to build in Lazarus. You can bang out a CRUD app in a few hours. I tried diving into the source code, and immediately ran into something new :: everywhere and starting googling.... Namespaces?!? - Looks like a solution in search of a problem. The whole point of object oriented programming was to prevent reaching inside of objects from the outside, thus making then implementation independent from use... Namespaces seem to break that. Like leaving the cover off a machine so that you can push on one of the relay contacts by hand. C, C#, C++ feel to me like Greek all sorts of keywords that make no sense, and random !@#$%^&*():"<>?[] everywhere Somewhere at the top of all that code, there has to at least be one actual pointer variable where you keep track of the last revision, isn't there? If someone has Linux, wouldn't they just run FreeDOS in a VM? Why would someone choose such a stupid name then? It's "for Linux"... which means you already have Linux, and you want to run DOS in a sub-system (a VM) How did you know he was polarizing? Did you know why? Did you care? When someone gets labeled "polarizing" I tend to check it out and decide for myself, because those are the people with the most interesting ideas. Well, they managed to suppress this for 31 years so far. I wonder what other things are hiding in plain sight. The original results were replicated.... they couldn't reliably, or easily be replicated...turns out cramming deuterium into a palladium lattice isn't an easy peasy way to get fusion without a lot of experimentation. There was way too much money invested in hot fusion to let even the possibility of an alternative progress. There was plenty of replication, it just wasn't published in the "peer reviewed" journals that are supposed to help advance science, but work against it these days. When is the last time leaving your keys in the car caused your house to suddenly slide 10 foot southwest? When is the last time you flipped a light switch, and suddenly your pool disappeared? Have you ever had French doors appear in your dining room because of a "Windows Update" on Wednesday morning? Have you ever had to wait for half an hour for your house to boot later on that same Wednesday? When is the last time you closed a door, and were killed by a hailstorm of bowling balls? At least with a light switch, you know it's very unlikely to cause structural issues, or plumbing issues, or drain your bank account. Computers are singularly horrible in the ways things can fail. In wiring a house, there is a built in assumption that something could go wrong and disrupt the wiring. That's why we had fuses, and now circuit breakers, grounding, ground fault interrupters, metal conduit, etc. All of these serve to limit the side effects of faults. When you turn on a switch... it's part of a circuit which is current limited, and in fact there are several limits on that current, all the way back to the source... each designed to protect a link in the chain. Each of those breakers limits the capability to source current further downstream. When you run a task in any modern OS, it runs with the full privileges of the user id with which it was launched. This is like hooking a generating station directly up to your floor lamp in the living room with no breakers. If the process has a fault, there is nothing the Operating System will do to prevent it from being used to subvert other parts of the system, there is no limit to what it can do. There are systems that require you to specify how many resources a given task is to be allowed to access. It turns out that such systems can be just as user friendly as the ones we're used to, but they do require things be re-written because the ground assumptions in the security model are different. Capability Based Security (also known as "Multi-Level Security) was born out of a need to have both Sensitive and Secret information shared on a computer that scheduled Air Traffic during the Vietnam Conflict. (If I remember the situation correctly) The flights themselves were sensitive, and the locations of the enemy radar were top secret (because people risked their lives spying to find them). It was extremely important that information could not leak, and solutions were found, and work! About 10 years ago, when I learned about this, and considered the scope of work required to make it available in general purpose Operating Systems, I estimated it would take 15 years until the need for Capability Based Security would be realized, and another 5 more or so until it was ready. I think we're on track.... 2025 people will start adopting it, and 2030 it will be the defacto way things are done. Genode is a long standing project to bring this new type of security to the masses... I'm still waiting until the point I get to play with it... and have been for a while. Things will get better... these types of tools, along with "information hiding", getting rid of raw pointers and other clever but dangerous tricks will help as well. [Edit: Re-arranged to clarify, and improve flow] Just trying to make analogies people can understand over the years. The current state of computer security.... is like building a fort, out of cases of C-4 explosive. How so? Almost every program has bugs, many of which can be exploited remotely. It is effectively impossible NOT to have a zero-day exploitable hole in any given computer. Thus, every single computer can be exploited... and then used to attack more computers.... in a chain reaction.... like a fort built out of C-4. If scientist makes claim that X sometimes happens... and then researcher Y repeats the experiment, and it happens a few times, but not always.... or not at the same frequency... far to many people say the replication has failed... instead of digging further. There were many such incidents where the stated effect happened only a few % of the time.... but not zero. But, it wasn't 100%...so it got ignored, or rejected. I am enlightened, and all of that doesn't apply. I see myself as a marketer of some ideas, nothing more. When the conversation happens to run into them, I offer my ideas, and handle any questions about them that might arise. I hope the ideas will spread, and eventually be reified into code, and make things better in the long run. No delusions of glory, profit, etc.... just a slow but determined push to make things better, eventually. I once had a job like that.... and it crushed me, but I didn't realize it at the time. I was the sole IT guy at an event marketing company... when I started, there was plenty to do, I kept a running log in Word so I could find and fix things that happened previously... it was great, and I felt good about it. Over the years, less stuff broke, so I started some projects to fix things and make stuff better for the users... but didn't have good enough people skills to get buy-in and navigate around the day to day needs of everyone... so they got shelved more than once. Also, because I was the sole IT guy, I was frequently interrupted, which kills flow, so I eventually stopped programming, and just started stalling until quitting time. Towards the end, I'd volunteer when ever things needed to be done, like data entry when we had surveys to type in, etc... but I spent all my time waiting for things to break, trying to be super helpful, and waiting for the inevitable axe to fall. 15 years, a long run, but it is now 6 years later, and I still have trouble even starting things. Please don't let this happen to you. Before I stopped reading, there was an example of a button being pushed... but there was no actual trace of a button being pushed... just lots of words and descriptions, which killed it for me. I just want to see what I'm getting into, not a vocabulary or jargon lesson, at least at first. That would lead us to then wonder why it was done that way, etc... and drive interest. Cosmic rays hit things at ground level at an average energy of 4 GeV, about 1/cm2/min according to this source: https://cosmic.lbl.gov/SKliewer/Cosmic_Rays/Muons.htm#:~:tex... . This is also loading up deuterium in a metal lattice, getting fusion, and wondering how to commercialize it. Yes, we have been since 1945, when the first persistent existential threat we created ourselves first arose... Nuclear Weapons. Now, we have the added threat of Genetic Engineering, the second existential threat we created ourselves. All of our Institutions have an embedded growth obligation they haven't been able to meet since the 1960s, which lead to their being run by people willing to fudge the truth to keep the illusion of competence and power going. We're on the edge of the abyss... and many people don't even realize it. Use cheap (above, but close to zero) to liquify air, store liquids in one set of tanks, store the heat in salt solution in another.... there was a recent story about a company that was getting 60% round trip efficiency.... they could store energy at the rate the compressor worked.... I imagine getting energy back could happen quicker. With large enough tanks, it's not unrealistic to imagine storing 5MW-10MW for several days worth.... so about 50-100 MW-hour. STOICAL does networking, and a whole lot more... but it looks like it hasn't been touched since 2002. 8( http://stoical.sourceforge.net/documentation.php The point of the film is to warn that the main goal of a social media silo is to extract maximum attention, while externalizing all costs. They don't care if their platform gives rise to another Stalin and Hitler, as long as it helps the next quarter's numbers. Any gain you get out of the platform is just their cost of supplying bait to get you hooked. The algorithms deployed serve a simple purpose.... find a rabbit hole near where they measure your position in the space of ideas... and tilt what you see towards it... then measure how long you stay down there.... optimizing for maximum time in the hole. The solution is simple, switch to systems where you decide what you're going to pay attention to. RSS, Blogs, human curated communications. You might still fall into a rabbit hole that leads to extremism, but at least there won't be a billionaire incentivized to push you into it. Society, on the other hand, and normal social pressures, should be sufficient to help you find your way back out. Can confirm... I wrote Forth/2 for OS/2, it was a hoot once I got it working. 8) It looks like I might be resurrecting "STOICAL", which was targeted at Linux, for Windows... http://stoical.sourceforge.net/documentation.php It would be nice to see it run under Linux... the C source looks too much like typical "be as clever as possible" macro magic, which my non-C adjusted brain can't hack. I'll re-implement in either assembler, or free pascal. The reason is that STOICAL implements types, arrays, and dictionaries in what seems to be a quite reasonable and sane matter. It does type checking when you want, and seems like it could do object oriented as well, if I can push it that way. Since SMS is the only non-phone-call protocol my phone supports, I can't see switching to anything else any time soon. Remember how there was a thought experiment where you couldn't tell the difference between accelerating at 1G in an elevator, or being in a 1g gravity field? If the elevator is more than a few CM taller than the clocks, now you can. Bolt one to the floor, the other to the ceiling. If they run at the same rate, it's 1g acceleration. If there is the predicted difference, you're in a 1g field. Forth seems to be a write only language, I'm not sure if it's the reverse polish stack oriented structure, or the lack of modern things we're used to like arrays, procedure calls, etc... STOICAL seems to address all of these, but it's written in dense C code that I can't make heads nor tails of... but the ideas are really, really attractive. http://stoical.sourceforge.net/documentation.php The stand out features for me 'string puts a string on the stack (along with a type flag for string 'cube : dup dup * * ; is how you would define cube, which is a bit different, but not a huge shift He's got ways to do types, dictionaries, arrays that also look like stacks... all sorts of magic including networking! How much of it could be crammed into something that boots inside of a VM? I played with that long, long ago... I thought it was so damned cool that the machines had a built in Forth. Thanks! Lazarus/Free Pascal is another example of a language still very alive, but not growing like crazy. I intend to scrape my way to 3 surface plates, instead of lapping. I have 3" and 6" cast iron bar stock cut offs that I picked up for this purpose, along with Prussian blue, and something that should work as a scraper... what I don't have is a brayer, but I'm told you can improvise with a rolled up and tapped shop cloth. Wyler makes inclinometers that are accurate enough to measure the change in angle of a surface plate directly. It's amazing technology. Here is a YouTube video from 2011 that talks about how they were developed. I remember that I was watching videos about surface plate calibration, and this came up. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0doCHgJa3Ps If you grant no permissions ever, by default... you don't even have to worry about anything other than the permissions you gave. The challenges to doing this are three fold 1. Operating Systems like Linux, Windows, etc... aren't designed to do this, and can't without a design change. 2. Applications need to be reworked a bit so that they are given file handles instead of telling the OS what files to open. It can looks the same to the user if done correctly. 3. The adoption curve is long on this one.... but systems like Genode are getting there... I look forward to using it sometime in the next year for experimenting. Bear in mind that temperature changes may unevenly affect the plate if the material isn't consistent. It's unlikely but possible. Consider that most efforts are on slowing spread, not eradication. This is a bigger problem than most people realize. Does this mean the US needs way more CEOs and Board Members than it has, and the sky-high compensation packages are evidence of this as well? No, programmers are underpaid, deliberately. We just had a story all about it. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24689582 It has been suggested by Eric Weinstein that the H1B visa was deliberately designed to cap wages of PhDs... this is a side-effect. Google falls down flat unless you know "magic words". Example... let's say you want to be able to mark up a web page to highlight some aspect of it, like using a highlighter on a newspaper... you can't google hypertext markup... you have to go for "annotation" Growing Google-fu is like getting good at smelling bad code, it takes experience, which you get via frustration and the application of gumption. As a result of a few recent Forth threads here, I first heard of STOIC on September 29th. (1 Week ago) Intrigued at the novel way it addressed the shortcomings of Forth which limited its use... I tracked down STOICAL. It really got me motivated, and I decided to download it and dive in. At that moment, I had almost zero of the specific bits of knowledge required to make it work. I only used Linux sporadically. I never programmed in Linux. I actively avoided C for the last 40 years. Yet, I dug in. Last night I got it compiled enough that it now starts up, and then hangs. This is a vast improvement from 2 days ago. I now have WSL installed, with gcc, automake, and all manner of stuff required to make it go. I still use Notepad++ and windows to edit the source (as the /home/mike folder is visible as a network share) I've even got git/github going. I know I'll get it up and running in short order. Then I'll start banging away at it until it matches my ideas of how it should work. My goal is to produce a Forth-ish compiler that doesn't get people intrigued but then run out of steam. STOIC checks all the boxes, it's Imperative, Structured, Object Oriented, Functional, Concatenative and HomoIconic. And right now.... it doesn't even boot... but it will! That's programming! We just need to give the money to the people who actually create value, and the imbalance will sort itself out. Fair market capitalism is way better than the "Free" market. I'm a mapper http://wiki.c2.com/?MappersVsPackers I hold many ideas, some of them contradictory, in limbo in my brain until they match up with others, and my map of the world gets a bit larger and better connected. I strongly suspect you are a packer... and wow, that's a lot of work. My approach to getting a skill is to dive in, recklessly, and pound away, until I've beat the technology into submission, and it does it exactly what I want, how I want. I strongly suspect this approach wouldn't work for you. (Unless you did it a lot, and become a mapper if that is even possible) You can immediately help yourself, right now by being aware of the true nature of "free" services. Awareness is a great first step. Next comes actively managing your intake of information, by doing a bit of curation, instead of letting someone else's algorithm do it for their profit. For example, if you're using Facebook, you can use ...book.com/?sk=h_chr in a web browser to show your feed in fairly strict reverse chronological order. Youtube subscripts work the same way. Sure, it's ok to just let them feed you cool stuff when you're tired... like junk food, a little is ok. When you post, do it in more than one place. If you haven't already done so like a decade ago, start a blog, and post the insights you've found and don't mind making public there, don't worry at all about hits or traffic... it's a diary you can search or refer to later instead of saying the same thing over and over. Cross-posting is a low effort way to avoid disruption should a walled garden implode. You've already written the post, why not copy/paste it elsewhere and tweak it slightly? Survivalists preppers anticipate the collapse of society... Internet Survivalists anticipate the collapse of walled gardens, and plan appropriately. Words all have uncertainty baked into them, as do the interpreting of pictures.. but when you use different media to reinforce each other, it seems to greatly help. I like the fact that as I got the point, I found I could skip the details, just read the headlines, and look at the pictures... and then slow down if there were something import and read the text again. The loading times, though... they suck. Combine this with the new File Access API, and you could actually build a self hosting office suite in a few pages. Well that sucks... our IBM PC user group will have to find a new way to deal with email. By now we're probably small enough just to CC: everyone and not count as spam. One of the things he mentions is a chapter in Henry Ford's Book "Moving Forward" about the very practical need to be able to measure to a millionth of an inch... I highly recommend reading that chapter http://gutenberg.net.au/ebooks17/1700321h.html#ch14 The average Apple user is trapped. Apple runs an ecosystem that enforces obsolescence at an obscene rate. In a few years, they won't be able to get apps or system updates, and their battery will begin to be insufficient. They will then face a choice of "upgrade", or the conversion costs of escaping the system, which can be extreme. I've got a variety of strategies, that include I have a never ending list of bookmarks in Chrome that sync I also never clear my history I have a personal Wikidpad I never clear my history on YouTube, or elsewhere. If I see an interesting video, I subscribe... it's easy to purge later. You never know when "Impulse Manufacturing Laboratory at Ohio State" is going to come up with another way to use huge current spikes to join dissimilar metals together, for example. I used to use delicio.us, but they went away. I cross post to facebook, twitter, reddit, blog. All of which can be searched. I blog interesting things, so that others, but mainly me, can find them later. That has got to be the best compression of a deep neural network that I've ever seen. ;-) Given the physics of the landings that SpaceX does... they really, REALLY need to be sure of where they are landing, one digit off in coordinates, or altitude..., or sign of lat/long and all that stuff goes to the wrong people. From up stream in the comments, one was launched 31 years ago... so yeah, this stuff could stick around a while. I already have Universal Paper Clips addiction. I guess this will go along with it. I'm looking forward to the day Genode brings capability based security to the desktop. We can actually have computers that don't turn traitor at the first string buffer overflow. I want computing as secure as when we had MS-DOS and floppy disks. You knew what disk (and therefor what data) you were risking at any given time. You could write protect the OS. We can have it back... it's a matter of time now. I think that one of the primary reasons things have stalled is the fear we all carry around because we don't have any decent operating systems. With MS-DOS you could copy the OS disk, write protect it... load up any random piece of shareware and just try it out. There was zero chance it would toast anything, and you might find a gem. We don't click on links that go to web sites we don't trust. We don't open email attachments, we're paranoid... because our operating systems weren't designed for the age of the internet. Quicksort isn't O(n), as far as I know, the best you can do is O(n log(n)) Implies isn't something I've ever had to program... and it took me a moment to figure out that NOT B implies NOT A, which is interesting... but I don't see how it's useful. The lower costs of living in the suburbs are one of the many reasons people commute so far. So, by the same logic, they should be payed less. Even with insecure/imperfect hardware, if the OS does its job, nothing gets to the point where it can exploit the odd corner case. Everyone knows about network effects. Nobody thinks about the security of the users. None of our computers are secure, we all know that. We won't click on links to unfamiliar sites, or open unexpected attachments. There is safety in sticking to stuff that is centrally moderated in terms of just plain malware, if not politics or decency. Why do they keep breaking things? Don't they understand code doesn't get maintained at this rate in the real world? You write the code, and it should just keep working, like infrastructure. It's only when you have water gushing out of the ground that you worry about a water main... not because some plumbing supply company decided that certain types of plumbing suddenly don't work. Things should last for lifetimes before they break, not 12 months. I think he had it right... the thing holding most people back is fear, most of the time. It's only after you get past the fear, does the need for more resources come into play. "Incremental Computing" - A new term for me... I figured out how to do it a few days ago, after seeing this reference to MetaMine on Reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/j94lgd/metamin... In Metamine, = signifies Equation, a persistent assignment. Any update to the value on the after which any change to the value results in all dependent values being recomputed. := signifies a standard one shot assignment. The runtime behavior is easy enough to implement, less than 100 lines of Pascal. I worried that the code for a language that supported it would be unreadable, like FORTH, only worse. Imagine if Excel spreadsheets were plain text source code. I think the best advice is to keep posting, with no attention to schedule, but only when you have something insightful to say, and are willing to take the time to edit it down a bit. The original idea of blogs was longform twitter... which didn't work out so well. Long ago, I wrote a database program in Turbo Pascal to browse a 300k text database under MS-DOS. My search function took about 30 seconds or so, if you hard a hard drive. I was challenged to make it faster... I got it down to 3 seconds, in the days of 286s. I believe I could now get it down to 1millisecond on my laptop using the techniques shown. This hack amazes me. Long ago, in the mists of time, (1987) I wrote a program that worked with hand held computers, barcode scanners, and was meant to be run by folks working in a power plant. I wrote the code, and got it working in about 2 months. It did everything in the spec, and the customer (Russ) loved what we had, but it turned out (of course) there were many things missed in the spec. A week or two later, we worked out a deal for all of their power plants, provided I would work with Russ to make sure it did everything they wanted... it would take about a year, in the end. Russ taught me everything I needed to know about users and how they think, in a direct and very effective manner. He was the assistant plant manager, so he would pull a random person into the office, and say to them "I know you're not a computer person, I want to you to do X,Y,Z... but don't worry... if anything goes wrong, it's not your fault... it's Mike's fault (Russ points at Me). He then tells me to just watch... It took exactly 1 minute to learn the first lesson... there should always be "Press F1 for Help" somewhere on the screen. It was a very instructive and productive year. I've carried those lessons from his forcing function with me for decades. I love telling the story, thanks for listening. I would like to know the effect of age (specifically if the photos were taken before we reached about 15 years old and really started to watch the outside world) on predictions. The Einstein photo, for example... I knew he died in the 1950s, but I wasn't sure when.... but the audience was mostly Black, so that pushed it forward for me into the 1960s... without those clues, I would have been more wildly guessing. I tried really hard to ignore the monochrome/color aspect... it would be really nice to know how far off I was on each after the fact. I can see why it would take 5 meter dishes to uplink to the satellites... but if you just need to measure the positions of the satellites, can't it be crowdsourced? If you have a few dozen people with fixed ground stations, rubidium clocks, and persistent internet, they could help out quite a bit, couldn't they? I'm very glad fewer people are dying, but Most people didn't die with Polio... they were somehow crippled for life... I suspect the same is true with Covid-19. We need to eliminate it, not manage it. As an old person (56), it seems to me the error limits are fairly symmetric, and my brain isn't really going to just quit any time soon, which I find quite reassuring. Now if we could just get doctors to stop assuming that the declines I've already experienced are "normal", the rest of you might have a nicer ride up to my age, and beyond. One ground station can't measure position of a satellite, it takes at least 4 in 3 dimensions, all with synched clocks. I assumed (perhaps incorrectly) that knowing the true positions of the satellites was a problem due to lack of receivers, not really a problem of uploading. I looked right past it... oops I've got a set of folders, backed up on an external drive, a server I just built for our family, and soon (and again) on Backblaze. All of my photos and videos are in a folder of the form \masterarchive\source\yyyy\yyyymmddd The camera puts things in folders, I put those folders in as subfolders. Long ago, I lost the best portrait ever of a friend because I saved the 1/4 size over the original.... so now I ALWAYS save files with a new name before doing anything else in GIMP, etc. Google's Picasa was awesome until they killed it, because it did facial recognition... but the last version has a bug and gets confused if there are multiple faces in a photo. 8( Digikam also does faces, but the UI is weird, and it just quits way too often... so I'm looking for a better manager. I'll probably suck it up, and fork over the money for ThumbsPlus again... I like it, even if I can't afford it right now. Why can't they increase the energy levels inside the existing tunnels? It just requires stronger magnets, right? Someone will figure out how to make 1000 Tesla electromagnets at some point, and it's off to the races again. Without the need for more construction. My understanding is that is true of Electrons, but not Protons, which is why SLAC is a straight line, the only way to get electrons up to high energies. [Edit]Wrong! Turns out protons do emit energy as well... up to 6.7 KeV per turn. Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchrotron_radiation Any object the same density as the surrounding medium should be much harder to detect via this method. Submarines and blimps should be safe for a while. Programming without destructive updates works because it makes explicit the data flow in a program, not because destructive updates are bad. The newspapers ignored the internet for far too long, then they hid themselves behind paywalls, further lowering their power, and now are becoming irrelevant. The problem for us is how to we replace this part of our sense-making mechanism? On top of that, anyone who does start making sense to a lot of people can be dropped into the memory hole by the technocrats who run the platforms. I think this could be quite powerful, it'll get gamed, but most of the time it won't. Is there a version of this not behind a paywall? One of the examples of "Long Lived Institutions" popped out at me... "Con Edison" - founded in 1813 Thomas Edison was born in 1847, and didn't form Edison Electric until 1878 So, it's just one company buying others, at least in the US... nothing lasts that long here. Opposite sides of a divide working towards common goals. I had no idea the FBI put that many people into undercover work. There's no reason to think things have changed. The key is to get a minimum viable product done... something that is barely good enough to show someone else, so they can give you feedback, and some encouragement. Use whatever language you want, break it down into small parts, and stub out whatever you can't do immediately. The main thing is to just start coding, once you do, spend at least 10 minutes a day on it. Enough to do a git commit. Good luck! Trolley Problems are themselves a bad idea... the Kobayashi Maru is a similar exercise. I, like Kirk, don't believe that there are situations that can't be worked around if there is time to think, and resources to act. In the beginning, Computers were people who computed things. Then mechanical adding machines came along and made them more productive, but demand kept up. A phase change Then tabulating and sorting machines, along with storage on cards brought formal methods of managing data to organizations. A phase change Then electronic computers were put into place to start to do the computing. The humans who previously computed were in demand elsewhere. A phase change There was 1 programmer... Alan Turing... then 100, then more... the rate of doubling about every 5 years, on average since then. Computers were expensive, and it took time to learn to get the most out of them. Over time, libraries of code began to be commonly used, and operating systems were born. A phase change As the price of computers went down, and the amount of programmers and data went up, there were punch card operators, who transcribed handwriting to punched cards. The computers still required maintenance, tubes to replace, circuits to adjust, etc... they were kept away from everything else in their own rooms. Operators were the priesthood that emerged to care for them. Every new computer was faster, but incompatible... requiring frequent rewriting of applications to be compatible with the new systems. Most programs had a life of less than a decade. Then IBM broke the rules, and the 360 could run 1401. Backward compatibility and legacy code were born, a phase change. Programmers didn't need to rewrite code, but by accident this created the Y2K problem. Online teletype printers and time sharing allowed programmers and users to directly access the machines. Cardpunch operators were no longer needed. Programming got a lot faster, and complexity went up. Then Minicomputers came along, and were easier for end users, another phase change. Then Microcomputers came along, and everyone had their own computer... you needed about 1 Administrator for 20-50 PCs, to fix the problems, and keep things going Then things got more reliable, and went to the cloud, so administrators got outsourced, another phase change What makes any of you really think that there won't be another phase change? The reason there aren't many old developers is that every 5 years the number of programmers doubled.... so most have less than 5 years experience. There are about 120 times more programmers now than when I started, 7 programmer doublings ago. We may, or may not, have a phase change that devalues programmers, developers, devops, architects, whatever you care to call yourself. I myself did programming, then electronics technician work, then 15 years as a sysadmin, then 5 years making Bevel Gears....now I'm diving back into programming. Why not just eliminate Sole Authority? We should never be one mistake away from Armageddon. I suspect the trend is due to less face to face social interaction, especially fewer conversations. When we converse with other people face to face, their expressions give us additional clues to their intent, which helps boost our learning rate of vocabulary and expression skills. If you were to have digital natives write the tests instead of those of us from before the internet, they results would likely be inverted. There has been a permanent (unless the net goes away) shift in the way people receive information and store it, there is no need to have long term storage of facts in one's head... google is always there. There was an interesting comment on /. years ago I can still recall... but young people would have to have it stored in a personal information store to be able to do the same thing. It took me WEEKS to find it again, even with strong google-fu... but the kid with the PIM would have it (unless of course it got censored into the memory hole). IQ tests don't measure IQ, they are a reductionist fantasy. I have Lazarus up and running... it's currently taking 32 Megabytes of RAM. It compiles in the blink of an eye, has one of the best possible 2 way GUI builders in the open source world, and I can reach back 30 years into the libraries I wrote in the days of Turbo Pascal 7/MS-DOS and pretty much use them intact. It amazes me how many people went with the .NET bloatware and all that follows it. Of course, 95% of programmers out there are newer than me and don't have knowledge of this type of efficiency to compare against. I don't understand the details of the the math, or PyTorch, but do have the strong sense that this will yield orders of magnitude efficiency improvements in training and applying neural networks. It would be quite a stretch for me to use this against MNIST, but it might be worth it. I think a hybrid approach would work these days... because pointers are 8 bytes long, and you need a few of them just to make a node... perhaps all chunks less than N (200ish?) bytes long could be stored flat in the node? Also, it would be good to store both the Byte Count, and the Character Count, now that we have UTF-8, etc... and ensure characters don't get split across nodes. This would give us structures that work well in multi-processor environments, due to the immutability and lock-free nature, handle Unicode in a sane and safe manner that saves a lot of headaches, and does small common operations in a fast manner saving many pointer operations. I'm confused Why would someone both give up the ease of use and power of VB6 and/or Delphi / Lazarus, and want the bloat of Java, .NET, C++, etc.. that just complicate things for no good reasons? It's like the programmers of the world went insane somewhere around 2002. What are reasonable times for completion of each of the tasks? My rusty Lazarus/Free Pascal coding times so far are: 1) Counter - 10 minutes 2) TempConv - 30 minutes Code is up on github: https://github.com/mikewarot/7guis The only tricky bit I see is expression evaluation in the spreadsheet, the rest is straightforward. I never thought about changing it until just now. Courier New 12pt. Interesting idea, I'd just go with a simple HTML file myself, with just links and images, but no CSS or formatting otherwise, should be good enough for almost everything. Gravity storage converts work to potential energy, and back, efficiencies can be 90-almost 100%... heat engines at room temperature generally top out in the 35%ish range. Using the "waste" heat improves that, but nowhere close to 90%. Strings... which kind? Nul terminated, Pascal Strings, ASCII, UTF-8, UTF-16? It turns out that strings might not even be the best way to handle text, ropes look better. (A different thread here on HN) We got close with COM and Windows... as much as I knock Bill Gates, at least he managed to push the clipboard into everyone's toolkit. Imagine if that hadn't happened? What might be possible is to tweak the clipboard a bit to allow the user to set a clipboard boundary in the same manner, but handle the I/O in such a manner as to make it a universally agreed upon object type that can update, and serve as a persistent resource identifier. (Think Ted Nelson's Xanadu) Someone has to show this as a working concept in an open source project, and then some other open source project has to integrate it. Back in 1980 my Science Fair project was a class-D stereo modulation system.... ah, memories. If there were a way to tag cells in a spreadsheet such that input and output cells were known, refactoring tools could be brought to bear that aren't otherwise possible. Imagine a variant of Basic that did that... like VB/Excel, but far far better. I like the possibilities this opens. My understanding is that history is about to repeat itself, there are vast areas under unsustainable irrigation... when the water runs out, it'll happen again. Explicitly tagging cells as I/O would remove all ambiguity that otherwise has to exist in any given spreadsheet. Knowing what could/couldn't me moved by tools opens a lot of possibilities. In fact, you could remove all non-IO cells to a list of formulae, to be editable in an IDE. I hope that makes sense. I'm no DSP expert, but I did run into a problem in GNU Radio which I think applies because it happens to floating point numbers in general. GNU radio has a component called "DC Block" which has a length of N samples... it averages those samples, and subtracts that average from the input... giving an output. If you exceed the dynamic range of floating point by mixing inputs of lets say 1e12 and 1e-12... the filter can develop a permanent output bias. The reason is performance... the samples are stored in a ring buffer, and they subtract the value when it leaves the buffer, and add the new value as it goes it. This is N times faster than adding up all the values, and subtracting. However... this bug can happen. I suspect you have similar behavior occurring due to the smaller coefficients at the tails of the function. That's my 2cents, I hope it made sense, and helps explain what you've encountered. If you're interested in this topic, and want to play. I highly recommend GNU Radio. It lets you build flowcharts that can actually do I/O with your soundcard, as well as File I/O, etc. I find that NH is a great jumping off point for adventures I didn't even know I wanted to take. For instance, in this story I learned that some people can down-vote, and a lot of work is done in the background to keep goofballs like me from derailing things. I too would like to thank the moderators. Further, and more interestingly to me, I learn that HN is written in a LISP variant called ARC... I've never understood LISP, and especially never thought that anything useful could be built with it... at least at the subconscious level, yet I know AutoCad and Emacs are built around it. I have similar feelings about Prolog, which I tried once and just didn't grok. Is there an IDE for lisp? I tried Portacle, and my experience was utter frustration. Once you go astray, there's no way to know what is going on. It threw me into so sort of debugger, with no obvious way out. Lispworks looks like exactly what I want, except it seems to be in the Delphi business model, thus I can't afford it. DrRacket looks better... but it doesn't seem to be lisp? I thank you for the lifeline. If only Borland had made TurboLisp back in the day. Xilinx makes FPGAs, not GPUs. The advantage of an FPGA is that all operations take place at the same time in hardware. Verilog is one language that I would expect strong support for... they do mention RTL, which does many of the same things. This is not a general purpose programming environment, it is more of an data flow / filtering system. There is no allocation of memory, thus no need for garbage collection. I've been strongly interested in computational fabrics for at least 15 years... this looks interesting, but very, very locked down. It is my understanding that FPGA vendors have fought the open source community every step of the way. I would hate to see the future of computing locked up in a new spiffy prison. This is a new class of devices that couples fast SSD storage directly with an FPGA. The types of computing that can be done in an FPGA require a new style of programming, because in an FPGA, programs get mapped into hardware, such that data flows through the chip, with all of the code running at the same time, instead of in sequence. There are large differences in the style of programming required to get efficient use out of an FPGA... there are some ways of translating C that work, but they are crude crutches at best. This is like going back to the early days of computing, when the new machines were expensive, but very fast... and programmer time was relatively cheap. It's going to take a special new breed of programmer to make this really work well. We're at the beginning of a new era. I hope that makes sense. I don't really know what this would be good for on a personal computing level. I'd do a lot of things with digital signal processing. If you had a large set of videos, and you wanted to stream a down-sampled version on the fly, the FPGA could do that type of thing, easy peasy. We're at the stage where there is maximum possibility, and minimal legacy to worry about... like the early days of the PC. I have a 1,000,000,000 byte file on my Optane SSD, and it loads into RAM in about 4 seconds, with zero tweaking, under Windows. The thing is wicked fast, even on a consumer laptop. Intel didn't sell the best of their SSD tech, just the lower end stuff. Capability Based Operating Systems, such as Genode will allow the deployment of systems that stop many classes of attack by simply not trusting applications, with a default deny instead of allow for access to resources. Reconfigurable Computing, such as FPGAs and more homogeneous computing fabrics offer a way around the Von Neuman bottleneck. Reactive programming, like Verilog, offers a way to utilize FPGAs and multiprocessing in systems that take full advantage of thee available hardware, and route around Amdahl's law. I also came here to post that... the inclusion of a humidity sensor makes for an amazingly better Microwave oven. Who cares about the User Interface if it can do things no other microwave can, I'll put up with it. Imagine finding a base microwave that works, adding the humidity sensor, AND a thermal camera of some sort... you could bring food up to temperature and hold it there. The tricky bit is shielding the camera from the RF field. I found the game quite interesting, and unfortunately nausea inducing.. 8:30 to get all the orbs. Long ago, I did this. Pick some distance X which is from 1 to 2 to 4 to 8 to 16... to 1024... 1/3 of that distance is almost exactly 10, there will be some approximation involved. If you pick some given resolution limit, it could all be done by hand, but would take quite a while. I'm a Pascal programmer, so I come from a different heritage.... anytime I go to look at OOP in C++ or Java, etc... I see a fog of things about factories, and namespaces, and far, far too much code just to set up objects, which are glorified data structures with the code that manages it. I strongly agree with your conclusion that Composition, Interfaces, Aggregation, and Delegation are the real value in OOP. They all play very nicely together. Composition avoids the need to restructure everything into a single hierarchy. Interfaces make it possible to separate concerns, which lets you treat each library as a black box. Example: Imagine the electrical breaker panel in your home. The exact principles that cause the breaker to trip are irrelevant, nobody cares if it's thermal, magnetic, hydraulic, or whatever new tech comes down the block... all that matters is that it does the job in the described manner. It meets the goals of its interface. In hiding implementation behind the interface, you fend off premature optimization, and stave off technical debt by keeping things small enough to refactor at will. It is this standardization that allows you to add a Ground Fault Interrupter to a box that was designed before they became available. Aggregation is how you can have a series of fields in a form, all of different types, yet it all is a form. If one of those fields has a list of strings... nothing breaks, and you don't have to re-arrange everything to make it work. Example: Your breaker panel has any mix of 120 and 240 and GFI breakers, some even do 3phase power. Delegation is how the fields in a form let the details of where on the screen, and how to resize, just work. Example: Your breaker panel has X number of slots, provides a UL approved housing for them, with a reliable User interface. OOP isn't the problem, the teaching is. The solution is obvious, build a better platform for connecting to friends and families and things you find interesting. Support the fact that we all have multiple identities and personas and roles in the world. Support the fact that any given piece of content can be judged in an infinite number of dimensions... not just a few emoticons. Especially relevant these days, truth, politics, humor, cute are all orthogonal. Let the user make up their own ratings. Support the fact that we don't want to share everything with everybody all the time. In fact, we don't want any new friends to automatically be able to dig back decades to stuff we shared with our friends back then. Do NOT ever show me a photo of my dead pet, friend or relative in order to try to get me to recycle old posts. If you really want to be ambitious, support capabilities... so I could give you a pass to look at photos of a project I'm working on, and you could forward that pass to whoever, and they wouldn't even need an account to see it... the pass is the key. The pass could be revoked at any time, if abuse happens. Just some ideas... I'll build it, if a sufficiently large interest appears. [Edit] Bonus points: Build a set of APIs that allow it to be accessed like imap folders are in email... with a number of clients and a federation protocol. I like the point she makes at the end... if you don't know how to do the glue work, communicating effectively, onboarding others, etc... you're not well rounded... and shouldn't be promoted until you learn those skills as well. >"I think this is exactly the controversial part. If the person manually gets some data and documents how to get the data, that's not writing code. That's understanding how to use a system, and can be done by an L1 or L2 tech support person." Why would you stop a step short of writing code to do it for the customer? That essential time spending now to save many future hours is the root of why we code, and defines being a programmer, in my opinion. As a follow up, I wanted to know what clever mechanism was used to generate the divisions on slide rulers... I figured someone, somewhere and a linkage that used the fact that the derivative of ln(x) is 1/x... nope... they used a big cam. Relevant articles: https://sliderules.lovett.com/cookiedev/extendeddisplayartic... https://sliderules.lovett.com/cookiedev/extendeddisplayartic... Also, not actual a logarithm, but a wicked clever hack: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_logarithm That's very insightful.... I think the term Engineer is used rather loosely when applied to programmers... now I get the difference. Writing the code is the easy part, knowing what to write is the skill, thus Engineer. In the old days, we wrote blogs, and got replies days, weeks, months, even years later. The feedback cycle consisted of your readers, who you also read, writing replies... a modern version of letter writing, but in public. It worked well, in fact it still works well, but it's not twitchy enough for modern tastes. The downside of the modern system is that the attention economics encourage hot takes, and the advertising economics encourage pushing only content likely to promote engagement, at the cost of reverse chronological order, and a full feed of everything you thought you signed up to read. Because people are encouraged to act rashly, history in those types of environment is a mine for seeking out poorly thought out statements. It's built into the system. The technical fix offered here is to erase history, which makes everyone effectively anonymous, as they can say what the want, causing real world effects, and the evidence disappears after X amount of time. Do we really want to make twitter and facebook even more like Lord of the Flies? There are other ways to deal with this... limiting the audience of one's words to only the friends you have at the current time, and making that stick for all time, is the way to go, in my opinion. If someone isn't in your audience at the time you express a thought, they never will be. It's fairly easy to implement this with the addition of starting and ending times for access.... if I add Bob on November 17, 2020... the default might be to give access starting a Month earlier... and never ending... until it is revoked. Here at HN, wiser people than me set up a system that seems remarkable resistant to "first post" pressure, and more rewarding of reflective contemplation that will stand the test of time. Twitter is going to see this new "feature" heavily used to game a lot of things, once people catch on. I think this is one of the best visualizations of I/Q signals I've ever seen. The idea of negative audio frequencies takes some getting used to, but works out very well in some DSP systems. Negative frequencies are like when a 3 phase generator runs backwards... everything plugged into it also runs backwards... the sign of the frequency tells you the direction of rotation, and the frequency is the speed. If you had 2 antennas 1/4 wave apart, and used them for I and Q, you would then be able to tell which direction the signal was coming from along the I/Q antenna axis. With 3 or more antenna, you can determine compass direction of the source. The same is true for 2 microphones, at any frequency where the microphones are 1/4+N wavelengths apart. Google search has dropped so much in quality, that it's almost down to where it was before I switched to it. Altavista, Dogpile, InktoMe are no more, alas... I guess I'm going to have to use Bing or Yandex fairly soon if the trend continues. Good news, you don't really have to do the math to get an intuition of what's going on... which will likely get you through it. Try out GNU Radio... you can just use your audio I/O instead of messing with RF, etc. Build a few graphs where you use complex signals, multiply them together, etc... and you can get the hang of it, for no $$ and only a few hours time. I tried pulling a C program from 2002 into the present world, it was a nightmare. C assumes word size, Macro functioning and the libraries are all radically different, it wouldn't even compile. C is definitely not portable. I had some Pascal code from 1994, when 16/32 bits ruled the world, I compiled/ran it in 64 bit glory, I did have to take out the one assembly optimization I wrote back then. If there were Lazarus/Free Pascal for the new Apple Silicon, I have no doubt that code would work there as well, with zero changes. Why would a programmer ever worry about "ownership"? I've never had to do that. >Then you haven't ever written a line of C/C++ I presume? Correct... I'm a Pascal programmer. I create objects when a program starts, delete them at the end. I've never really had any of the pointer problems that seem to plague C/C++. There is plenty of idea space to explore in programming languages. ColorForth, for example... lets you do some of the work a parser would do, at edit time, by adding additional attributes to the source. Verilog, Ladder Logic, and Register Transfer Language all allow the programmer to specify a flow of logic and expressions that is always running, instead of a flow of instructions that we're all used to. Mixing this paradigm with the traditional code we're used to offers powerful possibilities. Transforming spreadsheets to a set of statements that are always executed, and vice versa could be fruitful as well. I'm trying to imagine when I'd worry about ownership. The only thing that comes to mind for me is having to provide buffers for string results from OS calls, etc. In Pascal, you can return a string, assign it, append it, etc.. and never have to allocate/dispose of them... its taken care of under the hood by automatic reference counting. I'd really like to understand this... what specific type of thing were you doing when you found yourself longing for an ownership system? [edit] It occurs to me that anytime I have objects, they eventually trace their ownership to a single global variable. Perhaps that has something to do with this? That makes sense... thanks! So, in general, if something is too big to fit to easily be copied, or stored in a single variable of known size (like strings, dictionaries, lists, trees, etc.) its either GC or ARC to the rescue? Wow... that's quite a bit more than Garbage collection... thanks for explaining it. In electronics, we call it Breadboarding, and the results are expected to be temporary by all involved. Breadboarded circuits generally are not stable over time or movement. I learned machining, and made gears in a production setting, mostly straight bevel, but some spur, helical and internals. I also did thread milling. Shifting from computers to a job shop gave me great insight into the needs of industry, previously my work was in only tangentially related IT. I started learning at PumpingStation One, Chicago's Makerspace, it turned out I really like turning metal into finished pieces and piles of chips. My nickname was "Metal Mike", I became the area host, and when a member's Dad needed someone to make gears, no experience necessary, I jumped at it, at age 53. If you bought a Marvel 18" bandsaw between 2016 and the spring, odds are I made the lower bandwheel that drives the blade. I learned that making things with a precision of about the thickness of a human hair is relatively easy, in quantity. I know more about gears and gearing than I ever thought I could know... and that was only scratching the surface in 5 years. I will try hard not to assume something is easy in the future. Since then, I'm trying to catch up, I want to go back into Programming, which I did before being a system admin for 15 years... my last major code was in Turbo Pascal for DOS. I did little side gigs, learning GIT, Python, a bit of C++/Arduino, MySQL, etc. I've been reading everything I can, subscribed to /r/pascal, /r/programming and /r/programminglanguage on reddit where I answer a few and mostly read questions. Hopefully, I'll be able to start earning a living in coding again soon. [Edit] To answer a downstream question, we have a child, you have less free time, but more inspiration. The Russians are using thermopiles driven by radioactive decay, not actual reactors that go critical. Such devices are indeed quite stable for decades unless they get targeted by scrappers. A few hundred watts from a large RTG is a drop in the bucket compared to the power required to keep a base going, so those aren't applicable. If you need a transmitter or relay station hundreds of miles from people to run for years without fueling... RTGs are an option for governments. Well, that certainly is an interesting boot disc. 8) > Knowledge steadily accumulates over time. No, it doesn't. Only knowledge that people consider to have value will be retained over time. Many things are lost to history, for example.. nobody knows how to make cobblestone. (Or so I'm told) In the United States, cobblestones were manufactured large blocks that were impermeable and very durable. Streets were paved with them. Here in the Midwest, far away from the granite blocks imported by ships there were companies that made additively "cobblestones", with their names on them, in my walkway there are such stones made in Attica, Indiana. The knowledge of how those were made, is apparently lost. Those things are tough like you wouldn't believe. Make - as in mold and fire in a kiln... with ingredients upknown. I've been a ham since 1979, and I think this he is right on target. Software defined radio, and DSP in general, is revolutionizing what you can do in a small package. I've never been one to sit and talk for hours, though I do think it is neat on those occasions when you can talk around the world. I was always into the more technical things, like Fox hunting, and building gear. We need people pushing the limits of technology who aren't just doing it for profit , and that's where the amateur really shines. Doing things just to see if they can be done has a rich and rewarding history, and I'd like to see it continue. A few months ago, I used a $25 dongle, GNU Radio, and made a VOR receiver, for the heck of it. VOR transmitters are used in aircraft navigation, and I can now firmly establish that I live EastNorthEast of the nearest VOR station to me. ;-) In the US, at least, you can listen to almost anything without a license... I understand it's not always the case around the world. To transmit in the US, you need to study and pass an examination to get a license. There are volunteer examination organizations that will perform the test, there is an FCC fee involved. One such group is http://www.w5yi-vec.org/ Software defined radio makes it possible to receive 25-1300 Mhz for about $25, via a USB dongle, and open source software. I'd really like to see evidence of this... if you bury wires directly, the voltage will speed corrosion to the point you won't have wires after a few weeks at best. The gas dynamic laser has been capable of operating as a megawatt CO2 laser for decades. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gas_dynamic_laser The technology was invented in 1967 and the patent granted in 1974 https://patents.google.com/patent/US3801927 I can't find the reference offhand (Google isn't what it was), but the idea was to use the population inversion present in the exhaust of a jet fighter as a megawatt CO2 laser. I would like to store ALL actual text I ingest from the world, it wouldn't be that big. It would be immune to the unreliable nature of the web. I'd trigram index it as it went in to enable better search. (I read somewhere yesterday that's the way to do it) I'd also like all the audio and video I hear/see to have a transcript of any spoken words, with a recording, and timestamps. Video is huge, so that would need to be managed a bit. Given these requirements, I can see a need to start riding along with Moore's law again. Text is well within our capabilities, we can't read that fast, so it should be quite feasible to store it all. The need for more storage and processor than my laptop has comes in to play with audio and video, especially transcription and storage. Having stored this content, I want to be able to search it. I want some form of content/sentiment analysis to allow search by concept and association. I also want to be able to rate it, not just in a single dimension, but in an arbitrary number of them. Something can be funny, insightful, literally false and metaphorically true, a bit racist, somewhat political, and in English. The thumbs up/down or limiting to a single 1-10 scale works well for forcing into a single database field, but not for actual real world use. Every single piece of stuff fits into multiple orthogonal hierarchies, you can't store that information in any single rank system without information loss. As for sharing, it has to be something I pay for, or host myself, with possible federation. Ads corrupt. --- Implementation - The first step is to simply tap the stream of web traffic I see in the browser, and train a classifier to recognize text/not text. It is important to link it back to the source. Once I have a reliable stream of text, I think the rest starts to align. Breaking HTTPS seems to be the way to go. https://mitmproxy.org/ It's open source, and handles that issue. It could spit out logs of everything. In the civilization that existed before the cataclysm that marked the end of the Younger Dryras, these were the equivalent of Turners Cubes. These were passed down by the remnants of that civilization, along with stories of the flood. Here's a nice relaxing video of someone making a turners cube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw3GzqgWg-8 Chains stretch, thus any sprocket system will inevitably end up concentrating the load on the last link or two of contact. There are systems that actually could produce less friction, however they can't handle ANY contamination, thus ruling them out. Your best bet is to look elsewhere. I would try reducing the contact friction as the links engage. To do this, I would recommend using BAM coatings on the chain and sprockets. It has lower friction than Teflon, AND is almost as hard as diamond. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aluminium_magnesium_boride Only registers that are orthogonal to each other should be counted. RAX,EAX,AX,AL,AH can not be independently varied, and thus should only count as 1. Good point, but they are both part of AX and up, so I don't think they should count. How ironic that they blamed the fries for raising cholesterol, when it was probably the Coca Cola. https://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/news/20100420/high-sugar... There is no algorithm for truth. It is my strong opinion that what we have here is a programmatic version of Clever Hans, picking up the subtle cues the authors put in their test data. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clever_Hans Solar powered engines have been around since Mouchot had the first models working in Tours in 1865. The fact is renewable energy was always a choice, just not the cheapest in the short run. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augustin_Mouchot WOW... thanks for sharing that. 18 years later and it all still holds up, and imparts wisdom. That was a fun diversion, thanks! Not only is web scraping in danger, the trend towards HTTPS makes it harder to log traffic, and manage the flow of data to/from browsers on your own computer. The moderators here keep the signal to noise ratio higher than almost anywhere else on the internet. I've learned a number of things here, and I try to add value to the comments, though I don't always succeed. Read as many of the articles as you can, even if they don't seem interesting... the titles never convey the whole story, and the good ones are sometimes things I'd automatically skip if it wasn't for the discussion. [Edit] I've been here since February of 2019 >Overall I think it allows you to find "positive" distractions - yes you will come here to deliberately kill time, but more often than not you'll have something to show for it. Yes! If you're going to spend time in unguided leisure reading, why not make it something interesting, and informative, instead of click-bait stuff that rots your mind. 8) Amen! I never had a problem that wasn't bad hardware or my fault. All MS-DOS did was manage the disk, and keep track of time. There wasn't much to go wrong. It was fun making my page - https://wannahireme.com/--mike-- It looks very nice and professional. It doesn't break in my browser. The use of "Username is a" forces the use of a non-vowel starting word in the users description of themselves. The photo doesn't stay in the original aspect ratio, which I can work around, but it would be nice to avoid that surprise. My email doesn't show up on my page I do like the Oauth signup, instead of yet another password to get compromised. Good luck! [Edit] - 3.3 Megabytes of code for my page is quiet a lot. However, the real danger for you is that profile pictures aren't scaled, and seem to be stored at original size. None of the above is unfixable... I'm not trying to crush any ambition. It looks even better in Dark mode, which is how I tend to browse, Files-11 was the file system that supported versioning. There was a variable in each directory that specified how many versions of a file to keep. Files were named like login.com;1 login.com;2 etc... where login.com was your login batch file to set prompt, etc. It's not a mistake at all, it's an advertising campaign for numeracy. If I were from the Star Trek future, and had contact with us right now, I would definitely not hand over the galactic car keys. I've given an 101 minutes trying really hard to grok this... everything I've found skips the very basic definition of what S and K are for some astoundingly dumb reason. Stephen Wolfram obviously knows what he's talking about... but lacks Feynman's ability to put it into layman's terms. My suspicion is that there is an implied list, and if you go off the end of the list, you get a hidden zero... if not, you get a one. The SKI combinator Wikipedia page has a section about Boolean logic that comes close to making sense to me. Please let me know if I'm getting this right.... restating the page, putting it into familiar notation Booleans are a list of [1,0] T(x,y) = x F(x,y) = y Applying this over Booleans T(1,0) --> 1 F(1,0) --> 0 They then go to explain that T(x,y) = K combinator Then they go on to explain False(x,y) = SK, which I think is K(S(Boolean) It's at this point, I'm lost. Is SK --> S(K(xy)) or K(S(xy)) I can't resolve that to get any further. I still don't understand the way this breaks down... How many parameters do S,K,or I take? If x=11, y=12, z=13 what are S,K? I assume I = 11 >But it would be only charitable to open the galactic medicine cabinet. Not really, consider what happened when we got Antibiotics, we ended up feeding them to livestock for a few % body weight. If we got future level medicine, we'd breed future proof plagues. The cost is likely to fall in the 1%-3% range of that of a C-17. The War Department could buy 100-200 of them for the cost of 2 C-17 Globemaster IIIs. I would be interested to see if some form of portable, quickly constructed landing pad could be deployed, much like the mats used as runways during WWII. I did... thanks for the link. I also went back and started watching the first part. If I understand this right... S takes 2 values, and returns 1 K takes 3 values, and returns the 1st, 3rd, and (2nd applied to 3rd) I returns the value it is given (like a no-op) To go 1/2 way around the world, at 590 mph is 21+ hours. Cost per hour, according to https://nation.time.com/2013/04/02/costly-flight-hours/ is $23.811 So, the one way cost to get a C-17 full of cargo anywhere in the world is about $500,000 1 Million round trip. I had the cost wrong, I thought it was per vehicle, it's per launch... $2,000,000. If it could fly back, it's only $4,000,000 per round trip.... just 4 times the cost of a C-17 delivery and return. I'd accept any of the following 1> Meeting them myself, for an extended conversation, and way to chat in the future. 2> Theory of everything, and how that gets manifested into the technology they used to get here. 3> My own craft to go, with supplies and directions for a road trip to say hi and visit. That would be fatal to all life on earth... pick something a bit safer. Having programmed since the 1980s, you're somewhat right. Git is way better than pkZip and floppies full of dated zip files. It's not 10x better though. A single developer wrote most things back them for a single customer. We had text with attributes, colors, images, all of that under Windows 3.1 and later. When you deployed a program, you knew it was going to run in Windows, on 640x480 or larger... maybe as big as 1024x768 if the user had thousands of dollars for a nice graphics card and a big Sony Trinitron Multisync. We had multiuser databases, like Access, that allowed all of the users of a system to share data across their organizations. Programs were shipped on disks, either floppy or CDs. They then worked forever. The Waterfall Programming model was meant as a joke. On the small scale, I did it once... the program took 2 months from start to finish... the customer was happy that we met the requirements, but then wanted more. We negotiated a deal and I spent the next year doing rapid prototyping (agile?) on site, with lots of user testing. That application deployed with hardware in one site visit, and was usually run forever after that with only the occasional phone call, or field trip for faulty hardware. Things are NOT better today than they were. In Delphi, for example, every function had a working example included in the documentation. You didn't need to search Stackoverflow every ten minutes... it just worked. The fact that the deployment platform was known, and you had control over the code all the way made things incredibly easy to ship to a customer and support over the phone. Today, I can write applications in Lazarus/Free pascal, and ship them in a single zip file. The customer's screen looks exactly like mine does, there's no need to worry about dependencies, internet connectivity issues, etc. Recently I reached back into my archives from 1994 for a string function I wanted... and it worked. Things are mostly just different today, not mostly better. The impedance mismatch is too hard, given the nature of this medium... thanks for trying to help. Maybe next time? Elsewhere in the thread, was a YouTube link showing demos of church numbers, all in javascript. It was interesting, and there was a function to take church numbers and convert them back to normal whole numbers. I get the big picture, but am hung up on a detail or two. >S K t e = K e (t e) = e S K t e = K e (t e) // that makes sense What is (t e)? I got to the same point in the python example down thread. Yes, having code that I can play with did help... but I can't figure out S, no matter what I give it, I always get some sort of error. TypeError: 'int' object is not callable Oh... I forgot about the noise from launch, which is loud enough that echos could damage the vehicle if not damped. Some form of tower to stand off the exhaust would be required. What can you do today that you couldn't do in Windows for Workgroups? The hardware is massively better. I had a side-project last year that I tried to do in Python, because I had used it a bit in the past, and figured things just had to be better because it was decades since the last time I wrote something big from scratch. It was a horrible experience, except for GIT replacing ZIP files to allow un-do. WXBuilder only generates python, it doesn't allow you to edit the results and go backward... a significantly less useful paradigm than Delphi in Windows, or Visual Basic 6, for that matter. Eventually after much frustration, I managed to write layers to completely decouple the GUI from the actual working code, which was ok... but then I needed to change one of the controls from a list to a combo box... everything broke... 2 lost weekends of work... and got it working again. Any GUI change took 20+ minutes. Eventually I gave up, pulled out Lazarus/Free Pascal, and re-implemented everything in about a week of spare time. After that, GUI changes took seconds, builds took seconds. It just works. I greatly appreciate the power of the hardware, and persistent internet instead of 56k dialup... but the GUI tools have gone downhill. I tried Visual C++, but it generates a forest of code and parameters that you really shouldn't have to deal with. Maybe I haven't found the right set of tools, but as far as I'm concerned, it was actually better programming in the 90s, except for the hardware, and GIT. I got S(I)(I)(I)(4) to return 4, everything else is errors. We didn't have to set up servers all the time, they just ran, for years, without interruption. Some machines had uptimes in decades. We had worldwide software distribution, before the internet. BBSs, Shareware, etc. UseNet had every support channel in the universe. Email involved routing through ihnp4 Many things are clearly better, but IDEs really didn't keep up. I agree that it is nice to be able to fire up a machine from a script. Back in the days of MS-DOS, it was entirely possible that your work system consisted of a few disks, which contained the whole image of everything, and you didn't hit the hard drive. That's pretty close to configure less systems. As for databases, they were small enough that they just worked. Database Administrators were a mainframe thing, not a PC thing. I didn't have a huge network, only a handfull of machines, but one of my Windows NT servers had a 4 year uptime before Y2K testing messed things up. A friend had a Netware machine with 15 years of uptime... started in the 1990s. Moore's law and the push to follow it has given us amazing increases in performance. The software that runs on this hardware isn't fit for purpose, as far as I'm concerned. None of the current crop of operating systems is actually secure enough to handle direct internet connectivity. This is a new threat. Blaming the application and the programmer for vulnerabilities that should fall squarely on that of the operating system, for example, is a huge mistake. It should be possible to have a machine connected to the internet, that does real work, with an uptime measured in the economically useful life of the machine. The default permissive model of computing inherited from Unix isn't up to that task. Virtualization/Containers is a poor man's ersatz Capability Based Security. Such systems (also know as Multi-Level Security) are capable of keeping the kernel of the operating system from ever being compromised by applications or users. They have existed in niche applications since the 1970s. For the end user, lucky enough to avoid virii, things are vastly improved since the 1980s. The need to even use removable media, let alone load stacks of it spanning hours, is gone. The limitation to text, without sound, or always on internet, sucked. But, in the days of floppy disks... you could buy shareware disks as your user group meetings, and take the stuff home and try it. You didn't have to worry about viruses, because you had write protected copies of your OS, and you didn't experiment with your live copies of the data. Everything was transparent enough that a user could manage their risk, even though there was a non-zero chance of getting an infected floppy disk. Gosh that's a lot of writing. What stack of tools are you trying to use? Personally, I think we hit the peak ease of use with VB6, Delphi, and HyperCard It's all been getting harder ever since. The prediction was made in 2002, the bet was only accepted in 2016. Martin Rees was dead on right. https://web.archive.org/web/20060210071214/https://longbets.... Oh... that's a huge project to tackle! And really dang cool if you can pull it off! Do you know for sure the hardware even works? Can you get them to talk to each other? What kind of interface do they have? Do they do ethernet at all? Facebook does not allow free exchange of ideas, you have to pay to make sure your followers actually see everything you post, unlike the open web. Give me a way to pay for this, I want to be a customer instead of the product. What is the lowest per user price you can offer, if 1% of them paid reliably? I assume it scales inversely with % who actually pay. Consider the use of capability tokens instead of username/password pairs to grant access to features. This would allow someone to sponsor someone else without sharing any information. Mojeek generates a signed token that IS authorization, you match it against a list of valid tokens, with no other information required. This could be used to federate subscriptions, and hosting of front ends such that they could stand alone without having any knowledge of the users, while only serving valid users. Flickr has something like this that grants access to an otherwise private portfolio, yet the user can revoke it if necessary, without ever sharing passwords, usernames, etc. Access control lists are more flexible than User,Group,World type permissions, but are nowhere as powerful or composable as capabilities. [Edit] - Example: On a linux machine, how could you give access to only one file in the whole system? Answer: By setting the permissions on every single file other than the one in question to deny access. Set the permission to allow access on the one file you care to share. With Capabilities, the token IS the permission... and it doesn't really take much to implement it, once you completely grok the idea. I want to sell the world on the idea of Capabilities Based Security... which means no product, nothing to profit from, which means no help from Silicon Valley at all. 8( No matter how earnest, or driven... if there's no profit in it, nobody there cares. How do you suggest I market this idea? All the earnestness in the world can't help when all you want to do is share a good idea, and make sure people know what's really possible. It drives me nuts that we still have computer virii, and a whole field of "computer security professionals", when it could all be solved, and was, but Unix short-circuited history, and we've got this mess instead. Forking the kernel won't help. There needs to be a new security model... Genode is a step in that direction... I've been waiting for them to get something to the point where I can get it working well enough to be a daily driver. It's possible someone could get the drivers going on a Raspberry Pi 4, which would be close enough. I think it'll happen next year some time. I've been working through the Advent of Code, doing it all in Lazarus/Free Pascal... the main limitation I've hit so far is in working out the logic, some of the puzzles are tricky. https://github.com/mikewarot/Advent_of_Code_in_Pascal [Edit] One of the nice things about pascal strings, and variable parameters, is that you can write functions like getinteger(var s : string):integer; Which literally pulls a sign plus digits from s, skipping spaces, until it hits a space, comma, etc... s gets shorter, you get the integer, and it just works. I don't think that type of thing is even possible in C because of null terminated unmanaged strings. I appreciate that in C pointers are the coin of the realm, I really do appreciate not having to deal all the time, stuff just works. [Edit] For example, you can also insert into a string, making it longer, without having to worry about it. Forking the Linux kernel would just result in another monolithic Linux kernel, with all the drivers all tied in. There are microkernels, which is the specific thing Linus Torvalds didn't want to do when he started Linux. In capability based systems, not even the drivers have access to everything. Any given process is giving a list of capabilities, like file handles to resources, and those are the ONLY things that process can access. Consider a word processor... under Windows, Linux, etc the application calls a system dialog box to select the directory/file name, the uses that name to open a handle to the files, because the assumption is that any program you run should have full access to all of your stuff. The fork of that word processor in a capabilities based OS would call the OS, and the OS would show you a similar dialog box, but the OS would then return the file capability to the word processor... it wouldn't be able to access anything else. Consider the Linux model as handing over your wallet at a checkout, and the Capabilities model as handing over exact change. People are used to handling actual money and thinking in terms of risk like that... thus they would do well in a capabilities based system, and from their perspective not a lot has changed. From the application programmer perspective, opening/saving files is a bit different, but everything else stays the same. The big plus is that no matter how bad any application crashes, due to bug or deliberate fuzzing, etc... it can't be used to take over the system, like it could in Linux. We could stop having to worry about security when writing applications, and only worry about it in systems programming, where it belongs. Does that help? Here's the same code in pascal. function getnum(var s : string):integer; var c : char; value : integer; begin value := 0; while (length(s) <> 0) and NOT(s[1] in ['0'..'9']) do delete(s,1,1); while (length(s) <> 0) and (s[1] in ['0'..'9']) do begin value := value * 10 + (ord(s[1])-ord('0')); delete(s,1,1); end; getnum := value; end; > However, you should not actually do that, because changing s reallocates it, so you get O(n^2) runtime Confirmed by experiment. Parsing 1,2,...1000 string 1000 times 0.355 seconds Parsing 1,2,....10000 string 1000 times 42.835 seconds A given string might have 1-10 parameters in it, so the actual execution time isn't going to be that bad. I always think in terms of those 10 Mhz 286s, and how much faster it is these days. ;-) Obviously, if I were reading Gigabytes of text, I might optimize a bit. For the last 15 years, I keep pushing information about Multi Level Secure Systems every time another incident like this happens. The fact that we haven't been using them since the 1970s everywhere drives me nuts! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multilevel_security Their are Operating Systems in existence which could prevent this and almost every other breach. However, most technical people aren't even aware of the fact that they CAN exist, and actively believe the opposite. Hopefully Genode.org will have something useable for the average programmer like me, in a year or two, and I can use that as an existence proof. Also, there are Data Diodes to help restrict what goes where. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unidirectional_network I think we'll finally get our act together in 2025 or so, 50 years after the first Multi Level Systems were finished. I want to know if I'm on the right path, or there is some aspect of this that I'm wildly wrong about. I was wondering how that amazing debugger that hooked to the NMI pin of a PC made its way into a Mobile App... different thing poaching the name. I think that there are other directions to pursue. (Some overlap, sorry) 1. Bidirectional Compilers -- code --> ast --> code, at a bare minimum. All the way to executable and back, if possible. Except for Macros... it should be fairly easy to ingest any valid program in one language, and output the exact equivalent in another (however clunky). This allows refactoring while staying in a given language with far more flexibility that any IDE trying to guess. 2. Time Travel Debugging - if you have something go awry, you should be able to scroll back and forth across its execution until you find where it deviates from expectations. 3. Using traditional flow based execution alongside declarative code (I hope I got that term right). You should be able to do traditional a:= b; (assignment) statements... alongside a different type of form.. the equation c :== d; in which ANY change to d is immediately and ALWAYS propagated to c, regardless of what's going on in the flow of control. Verilog and other languages for programming FPGA and other systems handle hardware that executes all instructions in a circuit. 4. Imperative, Declarative, Functional, Object Oriented, Concatenative programming all in one box... with support for infix, prefix, and postfix functions all at the same time. (After all, they are just transformations of each other) 5. Hard and soft/no type systems that let the user slide between the ends of the scale. If you're just prototyping something, who cares what the types are, as it gets used, start to lock it down, as the user permits. 6. Rich text source... like ColorForth, where you can just tell the computer that X is a string literal, variable, function, or whatever attributes you care to assign to it, and the users preferences then indicate to them what it is. Last resort would be to spit it all out in text. 7. Notebooks - The idea of using notebooks like Jupyter instead of IDE or a REPL allows prototyping and eases the discovery of solutions by lowering the cost of trying an idea out, and making the stack of ideas required to implement an idea smaller. 8. Parallel processing, en mass, as we move to 50+ core processors, and programmable hardware, the idea of a single control flow running the show becomes absurd. Even low end embedded devices are starting to have FPGA peripherals. 9. Least privilege / Multilevel Secure Systems - Eventually, the admins of the world will realize the folly of using Unix like systems where everything is based on the users level of access, and migrate to systems which allow no access by default. In those environments, code needs to handle the IO it is given, instead of just driving everything. This is the next step in evolution from interactive command line apps --> windows apps that deal with events --> apps that only get given IO 10. We can make things better, but we have to stop making them worse first... peak usability happened with Hypercard, VB6, Delphi, and it's gone downhill since. Genode runs on a variety of microkernels, the nice thing about them is they only do a very few things, so adapting to a new one shouldn't be hard, nor dangerous. As charged particles fly past a planet, sometimes they whistle, and make other low frequency signals... the Earth does it, with a coil and an audio amplifier, if you live in a rural enough area, you can hear them. These folks managed to pick up those types of signals, of a large planet orbiting a different star. I'm impressed that they were able to get that done. What actually CAN be found there are Methane Clathrates, which might actually be responsible for the loss of boats and planes in the region. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Methane_clathrate Thought this was awesome, until I find it's based on the lessor of the two Borland products, C++, and not Pascal. 5 Years in prison because you're stubborn? Wow! This code was added to the Solar Winds source codebase, if I read the article correctly. No check in the world is going to catch it if it's actually in the base code. Carefully compiling a corrupted program doesn't fix it. I know better than to worry about seeing through buildings. What I want to do is to explore the data, and see how the land rises and falls with the tides, the rain levels, temperature, etc. There have to be all sorts of new and beautiful images and movies to be made from this data. I look forward to getting my hands on it eventually. As an old timer trying to get back up to speed with the new stuff... I keep coming up with the answer that Lazarus/Free Pascal is a perfectly valid, powerful, and quite unfashionable tool for just getting things done. Unfortunately, nobody is going to hire a Pascal programmer, no matter how productive. Serverless, here I come. Your best bet is to run this in a VM somewhere in the cloud. Each stream is going to consume bandwidth, and you'll quickly run out if you do this at home. About 10 years ago, I did a live stream to about 200 people, streamed up via a cellphone link (it was new stuff back then), then to a Windows Server instance on Amazon ECS, and out to all the users. It seem you should be able to handle similar numbers these days. Yikes... thanks for the update. I strongly recommend doing the Advent of Code. https://adventofcode.com/ There are problem sets back to 2015. You get a problem, and once on solve it, you get the second half, which modifies the requirements to get the second answer. I've been using Lazarus/Free Pascal, and it's really been testing my limits. Here's my github dump of things https://github.com/mikewarot/Advent_of_Code_in_Pascal I just heard about it at the start of December, it's been a blast! The possibilities are endless, just don't get hung up on the cloud and a web based interface for everything... it's a distraction at best, and a trap at worse. >HAM radio Have you tried out Software Defined Radio yet? It's amazing what you can do with GNU radio and a $20 USB dongle. I build a flowgraph that picks up the local VOR Aircraft Navigation Aid, and plots the direction to it, all by reading and experimenting. You can also play with audio, to get a feel for the otherwise silly concept of negative frequencies, and how they actually turn out to be useful. It's fun stuff. Fortunately, the price keeps dropping, you can probably replace it for less than you originally paid. SideKick, Turbo Pascal 7.0, GIT, SSD drives, Moore's Law In a recent Advent of code (Night 23) I back ported my pascal Solution to Turbo Pascal 7 in DOSBOX... I had to use a file of longint because I couldn't fit 1,000,001 elements in RAM (4 megabytes)... but used a temp file instead. It took 10 minutes instead of 0.25 seconds, but it worked. Both are command line programs, no GUI. 64 bit exe 215,850 bytes 16 bit DOS 5,632 bytes The bloat is real. Technology - Multilevel Security, which if widely deployed would solve almost all pedestrian IT security issues There are systems that work on mainframes, but the only realistic (in my opinion) option coming down the pike for the rest of us is from http://genode.org >How is Genode better/easier for the common user than Qubes-Os ? Qubes-OS is a tool for letting you run your digital life in a series of boxes which are separate from each other. So, if one gets infected, the others aren't. It is similar to the trend of using Virtual Machines to separate areas of concern to try to limit the damage of a rogue process. Genode takes a different approach entirely. Instead of dividing your computer into a few boxes, each of which is subject to any rogue process, it gives each and every process NO access to anything else, except for those things explicitly provided. The analogy I like to use is that of a wallet. The Windows, MacOS, Unix, Linux, etc.. approach is to hand over the users wallet to any program that is running, and hope the program doesn't misuse it. Anything in the wallet (your system) is at risk. The Qubes-OS approach is to do the above, but to have the ability to have more than one wallet, to divide up the risk a tiny bit. The Genode approach is much like a human uses a wallet, you decide what resources are required, and ONLY those resources are at risk. The ease of use is that it is effectively impossible to limit the resources a process can access in other systems, whereas in Genode, it is almost drag and drop. Back in the days of Windows 98, the HP LaserJet caused no end of headaches for me. The problem that was introduced by the compiler they used to build the print driver. To compute the paper size, margins, etc., floating point operations were used... but by then the driver had allowed the libraries that emulated the floating point processor to be unloaded, to save memory. (Due to the optimizing compiler) Any operation that involved computing the page size would crash, only if the floating point library had idled out of memory. I ended up forcing the library to be loaded at boot on all machines, and then things were stable. There exist magnetic core materials with Curie points above the temperatures on Venus, there exist insulators and conductors effective at those temperatures as well. Thus it should be possible to build some form of magnetic logic CPU that could operate in that environment provided a suitable power supply. Yes, tweaking could make things smaller, but the point is that nobody bothers these days. 0. You need to decide now that your job is Father first... friend second. Some day you'll have to fall back on that decision, get it out of the way now. 1. Chux Pads - put one of these down, then the baby... any liquids or other output are contained by the absorbent layer and stopped by the plastic on the back 2. Have a trash can with a lid, operated by foot, near the crib. Have a large supply of bags, empty daily, regardless of fill percentage. 3. Odors etc... you'll deal with it, no big deal. 4. You will notice a parallel world, stores like Once Upon A Child, that you never contemplated between the ones you did... this is normal. 5. Take lots of photos, back them up. They look different almost every week for the first 10 years or so. Don't try to get them to pose, just start taking photos, and throw away all the bad ones, photos cost $0.00 these days. I watched said episode, and it does make you think. They could also use one of the techniques used by the NSA, selectively ground a Quarter wave antenna in a corner reflector N times a second... then transmit a signal at the resonant frequency at said reflector, listen for a hetrodyne N hz off the transmitted signal. Very little power is required to ground a wire, or not. It's not the job of application programmers to maintain the security of a system, that is the sole purpose of the operating system. There exist systems which can do the job, but most people haven't even heard of multi-level secure systems, and most people also believe it impossible to secure a computer. The model of trust that everything linux, windows, etc. is based on is faulty. The process is given access to everything it's owner is allowed, by default... which was fine for academic computing in the 1970s, but not in the age of the internet. There is hope... Capability Based Security is on the way, slowly but surely... and then we can kiss virus scanners and the like goodbye. Self-hosting apps seem like the way we're going to go in the future. I do like the use or Archive.org to help the end user, and the rest of us at the same time. In the advent of code, I solved day 23 (the crab and the cups) doing brute force, and even with today's hardware it would have taken many hours, if not days, to complete. A tweak of the algorithm got it down to 0.248 seconds. That tweak required an 4 megabyte array in RAM. I back ported the solution to Turbo Pascal 7, it used a "file of longint" in place of the array which you can't do in MS-DOs... it finished in about 10 minutes, because I have an SSD. Otherwise it would have been about 50,000,000 IO operations at 10/second --> 50+ days. We can and do use the heck out of the hardware, but it's not infinite, and there will always be orders of magnitude performance to be gained by seeking and using better algorithms. It is my observation that if you want to write a GUI, the tools peaked around Delphi and Visual Basic 6. GIT is way nicer than making manual pkZIP backups, and there are nice refactoring tools in Lazarus... but it's not THAT much better. What was really surprising to me is the lack of GUI building IDEs for python, etc. Now I know why they are scripting languages, and not application languages. I went through wxBuilder, but the problem is the same... it's a one way trip, and once you start hooking python to the generated code, you lose the ability to tweak the UI without losing work. I got around this with wxBuilder by building my own interface layer to decouple everything, but then I needed to change a list to a combo box, and everything broke. Things that take HOURS this way are a few seconds in Lazarus. What's really needed is an internet that connects everyone, where we can all just run our own applications, like it once was. If we get the OS security issue pounded out by adopting multilevel security, we could get back to actually freely using our computers. I'm waiting until I can deploy Free Pascal programs under Genode, or if it ever surfaces, GNU Hurd. We already see the "Big Rolling Bombs" of crude oil rolling through Hammond, Indiana on their way across the country. I'm very glad I live miles away from those tracks. I thought I knew how it all worked, because after all I once used ebtables and ipchains to build a dual-homed linux gateway back before that was a thing (marking packets was key to everything)...but nope. Thanks for sharing this! [Edit] The problem with public addressed end nodes is the Operating Systems we use aren't secure. Linux and Windows are unfit for purpose in a world of persistent connectivity. Suitable alternatives do exist, but aren't well known. Once I get Genode or GNU Hurd running, I'll gladly hook it straight to the the full IP4/IP6 public addressed internet. Until that day, nope. I make things for people... and if the tools don't work right, then I persistence hunt down the bugs and make the technology bend to my will . The computer is not an object of worship... it is a tool users must deal with to get their jobs done... that tool should reliably and predictably work with as minimal fuss on their part as possible. My language of choice is Lazarus/Free Pascal, but I'll do whatever is required to get the job done. I measure it by how useful it is... none of your 4 criteria. If your computer is secure, you don't need a firewall. Here's how I understand this project at this time. 1. There exists a set of files, or nodes, contained in GIT repositories, that sum up to a personal wiki, of sorts. These files, in the case of http://anagora.org , are copied from https://github.com/flancian/agora 2. In those files are links in a specified format to other such wikis. 3. A server (Agora Server) renders a the files in a manner far more useful for interaction. http://anagora.org is running said server. The actual data being served is (for performance reasons, I assume) a copy of the reference wiki it can them push changes back up to. 4. The server also has a daemon that is polling other such sites (presumably the source, not the other servers) looking for more content to add to its repository. Question: Do those other sources get added back to the primary repository? 5. If we want to add our own, we clone a starter kit, and host our own server. It could be local, or on the internet. The data needs to be public, the server itself doesn't. If this is true, this makes hosting things much easier, as there is no need to maintain a server on the internet, just have a valid GITHUB or other such account in good standing, and valid email for the signup process. Do I have that right? You misunderstand the depths of my pessimism. I don't believe any firewall out there is fit for purpose, because the OS on which it is based is likely to be insecure. On top of that OS would then be the firewall software itself. I would truly love to be proved wrong, but mathematically proven systems are few and far between. In theory, I know Genode and other capability based systems could be answer this question... but not in practice. I'm off on that tangent seeking answers. Thanks for the "hacking prompt" This is my first encounter with the Petri nets, and at first I thought they were just like state machines, in that you're only concerned with flow of control... boy was I wrong. Its going to take a while to fully grok, but it seems impressively powerful in what it can do. Thanks! I'm interested in doing that as well, I've often thought of being able to go from Pascal -> ast + symbol table -> executable and back. You would want to preserve all the whitespace, to make it completely reversible. The ability to modify the symbol table to directly rename a variable or procedure, would be quite powerful, and never wrong. 8) I was a complete Nube an hour ago... I understand info from Nubes has special value, so I'll be as explicit as I can. I must be slow, being an old fart... I've been at it for 53 minutes and got about 1/2 way before all the questions in my brain stacked up to "full". I'd add a recommendation at the top of this to have a Rust compiler handy. {} were called braces when I learned programming, [] were brackets... this tripped me up, Unicode calls these {} curly brackets ?!? (Why did it trip me up? Because on my screen in non-dark mode, { and [ look identical due to my eyesight, and I assumed I was looking at [ because the text said that's what it was... as you get older, you'll understand) I don't understand why b=a; c=a; I'll get a Rust compiler and start again. I'm allergic to "macros" as they have had a special place in hell because of their misuse in C... I hope Rust is more sane. The first I'm hearing of the "borrow checker"... so I started reading this https://blog.logrocket.com/introducing-the-rust-borrow-check... , and I got to the part where it says "Your programs have access to two kinds of memory where it can store values: the stack and the heap." They left out variables, which is odd. At the end of 1996 we had ASP - Active Server Pages, VB4, and Delphi 2. Those took a bit more time to mature, but I agree with what he says, in terms of the desktop. >We actually have tried several times to build programming languages that break out of the textual programming style that we use. Visual programming languages exist, and there's a massive list of them on Wikipedia. However, they don't appear to actually be superior to regular old textual programming languages. A lot of the time I spent doing the Advent of Code last month was wishing I could just highlight a chunk of text and tell the computer "this is an X"... instead of typing out all the syntactic sugar. Now, there is nothing that this approach could do that you can't do typing things out... except for the impedance mismatch between all that text, and my brain wanting to get something done. If you look at it terms of expressiveness, there is nothing to gain... but if you consider speed, ease of use, and avoiding errors, there might be an order of magnitude improvement in productivity. Yet... in the end, it could always translate the visual markup back to syntactic sugar. When you write a program, heap variables are allocated using NEW or Malloc... stack variables are local to a procedure or function, the rest are in the Var block before your code, and are neither on the heap, nor the stack. They're global to the program, or the unit. if I say a = 2; b = a; c = a; There's no pointer in there, just 2. I've only had a passing acquaintance with C and C++, so I've never used aliases. I just googled it... why the heck would you copy pointers? That's insane! In my example, a, b, and c were variables, not pointers. The problem with robotics, is the difference between a world of atoms and a world of bits. When the plague hit, I was sucked into an effort to build a ventilator, I still have a pile of parts that were purchased for it, but the chassis fabrication never happened, so I had nothing to write code for, thankfully the need evaporated. I learned that it takes MONTHS to get motors and gear trains supplied if they don't happen to be in stock. If you thought the 1960s world of waiting a day for your output deck to see if your program compiled and ran was bad... it's got nothing on the world of supply chains. You can buy off the shelf components from Motion Industries, but they are out of the price range of hobbyists. Variables can be varied... you can increment, decrement, do whatever you want with them. They keep track of things. Pointers are used reference things allocated from the heap, and never anything else, unless you're insane. Pointers get directly handled in linked lists, trees, etc. If at all possible, pointers should be avoided otherwise. Values passed to a procedure can be done by value (the default in Pascal), or by reference (VAR parameters). I don't see why anyone wouldn't copy values by default... it is the only sane way to do things. 2 is Copy? It's an integer, could be 2.0 if you wanted to make it a float. Someone needs to explicitly nail down the mission statement of Rust... because to me it seems to be "Rust will introduce pointers where they don't need to be, and then try to protect you from the results with obsessive rules" I had no idea this was possible now, and to find it was commonplace for decades makes it even more amazing, and worrying what else I've missed. Thanks for sharing this here! The author brings up something I had not heard of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Great_Stagnation , in the first paragraph. The article does not at all address how technology is going to end the horror of the great stagnation, the total loss of power by labor, who then became serfs bound to serve the rent seeking elite. Once the tone was set, I found it impossible to focus on techno-optimism. We can't maintain growth forever, more technology by itself can't get us out of it. Auctioning off a public resource like this is a bad idea. All it does is effectively tax the eventual public use of the resource that was free to begin with, whilst creating niches for rent seekers in the process. Thanks for summing it up, so now I know who Zig is targeted at, and it's not me. 8) The system is corrupt, but you can't just burn it down, you have to have a better replacement first . One look at how crippled the US became, and how bent on self harm almost half of the population seems to be, it's no wonder the dollar is about to fall. When it does, I expect our standard of living measured in real terms to fall by anywhere from 20% to 80%. It seems broken on Chrome Version 87.0.4280.88 (Official Build) (64-bit) >These are pretty easy to measure on Google or FB with their "lift study" tools and a conversion pixel. I hate that Facebook and Google have normalized this invasion of privacy. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conversion_tracking Yee-row if you're talking about the delcious food (hold the Feta please) Ji-Row if you're talking about the navigational instrument that uses lasers and a ring of fiber optics, or ... in olden times, a large spinning mass. Having made gears for 5 years, the idea of two non-rigid, non-involute surfaces lasting for more than a few seconds while rubbing together just doesn't seem plausible as a "backup when overloaded". It makes for a nice toy, but there will be losses, primarily through eddy current. Any time you move an magnet past a conductor, it sets up currents in the inductor which oppose motion, those currents create heat while losing energy. You see magnets approaching and departing each other, there will be some current induced, and thus heat generated, and loss incurred. It may, or may not, actually be less friction than proper hardened ground gears properly meshed and lubricated, but I doubt it. If they can show a system efficiency, then I might be interested. Until then, it is a fairly nice object of art. While there are plenty of toy Stirling engines, they do have real world applications. They are used as heat pumps in cryocoolers, and there are even variants with no moving parts, the Thermoacoustic Sterling Cryocooler. If it were me, I'd drop all of the .NET nonsense, and focus on making it possible to use the same native windows API on x64, ARM, and other platforms, using the resources in a manner similar to that when backwards compatibility was one of their goals. There's no reason that a DOS, Windows 3.1, or Windows 95 app shouldn't run today, on an ARM machine, or on Apple Silicon. Just in time compilers allow everything to run in a virtual machine, why can't the OS just do it by default? I'd add version numbers to files, just like they had in Files-11 on DEC machines. Ok... enough of that... my initial reaction was, of course... oh sh*t, here we go again. 8( Your microwave oven has a mesh in the door that you look through all the time, it keeps the microwaves inside, and keeps you safe. This is a well known technology. This is amazing, I wonder how I can do this offline, using open source tools. Are there any really good open source speech to text programs? I imagine it's going to involve a pre-trained neural net. [update] Following a thread https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20097542 It looks like I might be able to do this (speech recognition) in less than real time (because I don't have a GPU) using https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech I think putting tanks in the bottom of abandoned mineshafts, and filling them through positive displacement pump/motors is the way to go. You get energy as the water goes down, and use it to pump the water back up. The costs are the mine, and the maintenance required to keep the lift working, and the whole thing from collapsing... and two tanks / pools.. one at the bottom, one at the top, piping between the two, and a positive displacement pump, with a motor/generator. All known technologies. Erosion of the pump? I heard a story that Dan Day - Rose Hulman class of 79, once sat down and typed in a complete system of programs and it worked the first time. Ward Christensen did it once as well, to the annoyance of my late friend Lloyd Smith, may he rest in peace. It's less than a mile from my house! 8) The problem isn't the computers, it is changing requirements . If you want to edit text files, do some spreadsheets, maybe send and receive messages, an IBM PC will do the job. Just be sure to have a modem, Qmodem, and the numbers of your favorite BBSs. With an IBM PC, MS-DOS 6.21, Turbo Pascal 7, Qmodem, Edwin, pkZIP, and a stack of floppies for backup, and you could stay in business for a very, very long time, if you don't expect more each year. Look at what people are managing to fit into a boot sector... BASIC, Games, Demos, etc. We're wasting most of the bounty of Moore's law. Not all of it, of course...the ability to stream video from anywhere on the planet for $50/month is something I only dreamed of back in the 1990s. We have amazing computers now, but those old machines, like the Model T, can still do their original task, if you invest the time and effort to maintain them. >Processes mitigate risk. Processes mitigate risk of repeating a mistake, but they don't prevent new ones, unless you have very wise people building them, and keeping them current. Processes can be thought of as an institutional form of OCD. There are costs, and they shouldn't outweigh the benefits. There is a very nice ongoing effort at the University of Tennessee Knoxville to monitor the US power grid. http://fnetpublic.utk.edu/ The video is 10 years old, but depicts a box with GPS timekeeping, and sampling the normal outlet, with Ethernet to report to the server. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Vt2OlVoBJc One of the best real time views, is this view of the phase across the US. http://fnetpublic.utk.edu/anglecontour.html That's cute, and the remote has buttons that apparently can be lit on command, which is cool. Erasing the parts of the pad that have already been used, overwriting them with new hardware generated random numbers would seem to help out forward secrecy. Or am I missing something? Thanks.. that was quite entertaining, and eye opening. You would use magnetic logic. There are materials that can function as core memory, even at the temperatures of the surface, what is little known is that cores can also serve as logic units (NOR, NAND, etc) if they are given a suitable clock drive. This clock signal could be generated with an alternator driven by the wind on the surface. I like the metaphor of social promises as a fractional currency. This helped on multiple fronts. Thanks for sharing. >But the whole idea of attaching a one dimensional number to a preference seems flawed. I think the idea of attaching a one dimensional number to almost anything in computer mediated communications is wrong. I believe we should rate things with a vector, not a scalar. Example: Your post Is 4.5 insightful, 0.2 snark, 5.0 truthful, 0.0 political If this was done well, it could greatly increase both the readability and density of code, as viewed on screen. I believe cognitive impedance mismatch major component of the hardness of programming as an activity. I have this suspicion that in the coming decades, the rush to make all of our standards based on the "unchanging constants of the universe" might turn out to have been a bit presumptive. For instance, assuming that the speed of light is constant and uniform in all directions, might be a mistake. Computation doesn't have the equivalent infrastructure as table lamps yet. Testing / Certification: A table lamp will be UL/CE approved. This means it will be tested in such a manner that normal use and abuse will not cause unexpected side effects. Knocking a UL approved lamp off a table will not cause your house to get burned down. A light bulb of rated capacity will not cause a short circuit. Normal wear and tear will not cause it to become unsafe. Outlets: A table lamp plugs into an outlet, of a standard size and characteristics. The outlets are a standard interface that is often nation or region wide. The voltage and current that can be delivered through an outlet are standardized, as is the nature of the loads which may be plugged into it. The outlet itself, and the housing, and wiring are well regulated. The outlet is connected to a circuit, and a circuit breaker (or fuse). These devices completely and permanently interrupt the delivery of voltage for a number of standard conditions, including over-current, and also ground faults. The circuit breaker, or fuse socket, is part of a standard and well understood panel, which is designed to allow a variety of options in deployment, with electricians able to configure them in a wide variety of applications. Yet, the user of a breaker of fuse panel is protected from the voltages and power inside, and given a standard and easy to understand model of how power is distributed, and controlled. In fact, some advanced users can use the panel to disable part of their local power network to allow maintenance and modification in a safe manner. Breakers and fuse panels allow for lock out , which will physically prevent the reapplication of power, while maintenance is ongoing. Power feeds include metering, and themselves are driven from a circuit, and the system is designed in much the same way as the residential and business circuits, but on a larger scale. Not only all of those are true, but there is more Circuit breakers and fuses on devices, etc.. are all designed to be coordinated. The smallest fuse/breaker in the chain from source to load should always trip first. This prevents a scenario such as the one where a person plugging a defective toaster into an outlet brings down the entire power grid. Circuits and power routing have well separated areas of concern. There is no way that a power system problem can directly cause problems with the sewers or other infrastructure, other than failing to deliver power. Our software infrastructure lacks all of this sophistication and standardization. You can plug in a fan made 100 years ago into a modern outlet, and it will work. You can't even run an MS-DOS program from the 1980s without resorting to an emulation layer. You can know that same fan will not cause Russian bots to be able to control the power grid. Nothing plugged into an outlet can ever give you control over the grid. The same is not true of software, no matter how carefully constructed. We're still at the stage where a bad program can take out its host operating system, and then the network its on. To say we need more skilled programmers, better aware of the security implications of their work, is to insist that we could run a power grid without circuit breakers in every home. The operating system has the job of protecting the network and its users and applications from each other. There is no equivalent to circuits and breakers. You can't run a program, and know that it will only consume X amount of CPU, network I/O, or RAM, unlike the outlet limited to 15 amps. You can't be sure that a program won't have side effects. Plugging in a bad toaster in the kitchen shouldn't effect a circuit in the garage. The damage should be limited by default. None of our Operating Systems do that. Computation lacks maturity, especially our operating systems. We have no stable standards for anything important. That, in my opinion.. is the real root issue. Imagine if there were a publicly available system that could switch connections directly between the end users, without the need for computers, or anything wireless? It could send uLaw companded audio in a 8,000 samples per second, to cover the 3 KHz bandwidth of human speech, with almost no latency. You could even hook circuits directly up to the end user equipment to avoid any need to share the audio channel. Because the bandwidth was dedicated on a switched channel, there would be no drop-outs or packet loss! What an amazing improvement over cellphones and Bluetooth that would be. Here's the way to get VAX/VMS, with all the goodies http://www.openvmshobbyist.com/news.php [Edit] Wrong place, though that had some interesting info https://www.hpe.com/h41268/live/index_e.aspx?qid=24548 They are ending the Hobby License program at the end of the year. 8( [Update] The Hobby License program will be replaced before it ends according to https://vmssoftware.com/about/news/2020-04-22-vsi-announces-... I find it amazingly frustrating that an OS with no real commercial value, but immense historical value, is locked up, and subject to the whim of whoever bought it last. We might never see the source code for VAX/VMS, which makes me sad. It's basically the scenario Tom Scott laid out about what would happen if Google stopped checking passwords... except it happened to Parler. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4GB_NDU43Q AWS gives 5Gbps connectivity to instances, according to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/ec2-networkin... So, if the sum total of Parler was 70 Terabytes, as claimed... the transfer time would be 38 hours, if it was hosted on one instance... but it obviously wasn't. It was more likely only a matter of minutes. This shows a new type of cloud hosting vulnerability. Your entire corporations infrastructure could be mirrored faster than you could notice. Here's the site in Aurora, Illinois. Note that their permit expires next month. https://goo.gl/maps/boqMG4aCrShatHtq8 Morality and outrage aside, we know where they are, and the format they are using, and they are in a fixed site. The real question is: How can we: 1> receive and regenerate the source bit stream 2> use that to exactly recreate the transmitted signal 3> synchronized with that signal, and 4> then use it to cancel out the interference? To clarify... I'm not proposing to jam the signal, just cancel it out (in the receive channel) so we can listen without the annoyance. With SDR gear, it should be possible to null out most, if not all of the signal, once the modulation format is known. If this twitter thread is right, it sure does look like honeypot https://twitter.com/davetroy/status/1327253991936454663?lang... Many people are reconsidering the way we socially network. I propose making each person directly responsible for what the post, and their hosting.... but layered on top of that is a creative commons license so other people can repost, review, comment, markup, etc. We need to take back the web. Backblaze, all 600 Gigabytes of them from 1997 to the present. He plagiarized a lot of stuff, and eventually confessed about a year ago. It was a lot of flash/pizazz, with not as much substance as you really needed to learn something. I haven't checked in on him since... maybe he's doing better at teaching now? Anonymity is an illusion, and it encourages bad behavior, much like road rage. Arbitrary censorship is the larger issue. If I do something illegal, it shouldn't take down everyone I ever happened to chat with, or who read or liked something I wrote once... even the Godwin's law protagonist had a few good ideas mixed in with his assured evil. Free exchange of legal speech shouldn't arbitrarily be squelched because some corporation decides their advertisers wouldn't like it. For example, a few years ago there was a great machining set of videos in which an M-16 lower receiver was machined out of a billet of Aluminum. Youtube decided that anything like that had to go, not for legal reasons, just because of... you know... whim. There was nothing wrong with the video series, it didn't promote violence, it was just a well done documentation of all the tips and setups required to do a tricky bit of work. The replacement that seems to be safe (for now) is to machine model steam engines and lathes from casting kits. Cool, but far less useful in learning the real thing. [update] The idea of learning by watching is a lot less powerful when whole areas of study are excluded randomly, for "reasons" that are never fully explained. If someone decided that hashtables and binary trees should be hidden from view, could you really teach computer science without them? It's a filter bubble of the worst sort. It keeps you from even learning what you don't know, because it can't be safely mentioned. The next to last was the most interesting to me... it's gotta be an old April Fools in the NSA Technical Journal. It flatly states we've received signals from outer space, and posits a decoding of them.... https://www.nsa.gov/Portals/70/documents/news-features/decla... I suspect the oldest, and likely the first machine to properly support it would be the Xerox Alto, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xerox_Alto Ethernet and the Alto both can from PARC. Intel could pull themselves back from the brink, if they had a rapidly reconfigurable computing fabric that used RAM instead of FLASH for its gates. It would be a killer product, and could outperform almost anything, given the proper software. Six years ago, I took a job making gears, instead of jumping back into programming, when my long time sysadmin job got outsourced. The last major programming I did was in Turbo Pascal and Delphi for Windows, in the early 1990s. So, I know how to code, but not in anything current... I regret that. I also regret not embracing networked applications, and multi-threaded programming back in Windows 3.1 days. [Reconsideration / Update] My biggest regret is not actually building the idea's I've had bouncing around in my head for decades. Even a little bit of work, once a week, on each of them, and they would have been done before Y2K. I've started doing it... the hard part is not talking about it before you've got a minimum viable product to show a friend, so you don't have to hand-wave.. but can just show something rough that works. Things I'm proud of Once I figured out how to dual boot Unix/MS-DOS... because I was told it was impossible. I wrote Forth/2, in assembler, for OS/2, because I was told it wasn't possible to write for OS/2 in assembler. I wrote code that did cooperative multitasking inside of a Turbo Pascal program, in MS-DOS... and used the heck out of it. I built a machine that levitated light bulb filaments while they were annealed, using the Lorenz force, that got used in Production. A distributed, decentralized social network that I hope can route around the walled gardens. The idea is everyone post their own writing, with a CC license on it to allow actual reposting. I'm open for suggestions on all fronts, but especially how to deal with replies from outside the system. https://github.com/mikewarot/RASCAL I played through that game exactly 100 times before I gave up. At 22:00-ish, he claims software is riding on fast hardware, let's see if he's right. Here is a challenge... can you join the 1 MIPS club? Can YOU do useful work with 1,000,000 Instructions per second? A VAX 11/780 was enough compute power for a small academic department in the 1980s, and would have dozens of Terminals attached, with people doing real work. It was almost exactly 1 MIPS. Can you live within that constraint? Let's make it easy, and assume I/O is as fast as modern hardware, and terminal/keyboard management isn't part of your 1 MIPS. (But SHOULD be counted, somehow) Could you constrain yourself to fit in that box, yet still get work done? Pick your favorite CPU, give yourself as much memory as you think is necessary, and chose how much disk space you think is enough. Then try to work within that box. How would a web server in that environment fair? There are too many layers of abstraction. Each layer has real costs, even if you can't quantify them right now. The whole idea of signing code, for example... is just a response to the weakness of operating systems, not an actual need to run any given program. >Deflation is a wonderful thing. It means more people can buy more stuff. The problem is if you know your money is going up in value, why would you buy stuff with it? You'd hold on to it even harder... thus increasing the deflation, as people lose their jobs, homes, and society falls apart... but hey... your hoard is going up in value. Deflationary spirals kill people. Long ago I spent $100 on a graphics card, and mined 1 Bitcoin over the course of a year... then lost it on MtGox... that was a cheap lesson compared to what appears set to happen. Thanks for taking the time and effort to put this together. I'm sure it'll help some people avoid a costly lesson. When I saw that f 5, 6; is interpreted as equivalent to f(5, 6); something inside me just snapped.. if you don't have parenthesis, you don't have clear delineation of parameters vs functions, especially when things get nested, or need to be read years later. 1. Unplug your Router at some other time, for at least 5 minutes, long enough for your ISP to notice it's absence and give you a different IP address. If your 3:40 PM changes, it's the 24 hour expiration of your external IP. 2. Do a ping 8.8.8.8 from your Linux machine (Raspberry Pi) or ping -t 8.8.8.8 from windows, and watch what happens at 3:40 PM 3. As others have said, turn off uPnP I've been doing electronics and computers since 1980. I've actual built computers from scratch (you know, read the data sheets, chose clock generators, RAM and EPROM chips), add 7400 series TTL to select peripherals. I've built a lot of things, including a detector to help align building-to-building Infrared laser links, and a box that connected to a phone line, and a number of voltages... you'd call the number, and it told you (via a speech chip) what the voltages are, twice, then hung up. I've been an electronics technician, repaired Magnetic Amplifiers (a cool old technology from the 1960s), all the way up to 480v, 1000 AMP, 3 phase SCR packs. Oh.. and Cesium Beam Atomic Clocks. ;-) I've programmed 6502, Z80, 6809, 8088 in Assembler, Basic, Fortran, Pascal, PL/N, Turbo Pascal, Delphi, Visual Basic, Python, C, C++. It is my opinion that VB6 / Borland Delphi was the peak of user accessible programming. I've used CP/M, MS-DOS, Windows, Multilink, Unix, Linux, RSTS/E, VAX/VMS. I've networked with RS-232, DSL, T1, Cable Modems, Arcnet, ThinNet, 10,100,1000 Mb Ethernet, and Wifi. I've used BBSs, AOL, IRC, FTP, Gopher, WWW, Usenet, RSS. I've seen almost everything once... ask me anything. [Edit] To answer the questions at the top 1. 40+ years 2. User, Programmer, ISP Sysadmin/Sole Phone Support 200+ Users, Electronics Technician/Engineer, Developer/Field Support for an Inspection System, Manager of IS for a Marketing Company 15 years, and I've made gears for 5 years. 3. I'm wondering how I'm going to get a job... they've always fallen into my lap... I've never had to look before. 4. Computers are thousands of times faster, with millions of times the storage, and yet cheaper. You don't have to write our own Basic I/O System in order to get CP/M to boot... stuff just works. Persistent Internet is a thing... it used to be dial-up to CBBS, FidoNet, Usenet. GIT is one of the greatest inventions of mankind. I used to make a ZIP file of my source code before I attempted changes... I still have stacks of floppies filled with almost identical ZIP files. GIT is about the only thing that has really improved in the software side of things. 5. I'd go back to the old way of social networking, blogs and replies, all powered by RSS. 6. Our current crop of Operating Systems (Linux, Windows, Mac) are all unsuitable for a world of persistent internet. They all default to the wrong thing... trusting programs the user runs with every resource the user is allowed to access. This has resulted in the chaos that is forced updates, virii, hacks every day. The opposite is to trust nothing, and only supply a process with the I/O and CPU time the user wishes to give it.. we're still a few years out. I've been making this prediction since about 2000. 7. If you've got an idea for something, just do it... don't talk about it or share it until AFTER it is done. If you talk first, your brain will get bored with it, before you've even started. 8. Atomic clocks are amazing things, once you get them fixed... you can put a pair of them into the X/Y channels of a scope, and the circle will just sit there, not going out of phase, for hours. Software hasn't improved in 40 years, really... and now hardware is starting its downhill slide as well. Good grief. The very HP Convertible I'm typing on has an Intel Optane drive in it.. for me, this really is the fastest computer I'll ever have, and it really is all downhill from here when this thing dies. I really meant it, even if I was too grief stricken to express it better. For me, this marks the end of Moore's law. If every car were custom made, you'd have no idea which control had what function... look at how differently a mass produced car used to work before things were standardized https://www.hagerty.com/media/car-profiles/driving-a-model-t... You can't fix something you don't understand, and unique things require a lot of time to figure out. This applies in many areas. I learned a ton about Atomic Clocks the first time I fixed one... the second time I did it, it was only an afternoon, instead of a week spent in my friend's shop over the course of a month. So, yes... the main investment is the knowledge learned. It is foolish to waste that effort. They could make a strategic investment in reconfigurable computing, and pivot around this, if they can survive long enough to profit from it. Imagine picking up similar emissions from a planet orbiting a different star, which is what I believe they did at Cornell https://news.cornell.edu/stories/2020/12/cornell-postdoc-det... At one point we had 3 of them working, and 3 rubidium clocks and 2 GPS disciplined 10 MHz oscillators... it was wild. In theory, we could have run one upstairs, and one downstairs to see if we could check relativity... but the tubes have an finite lifespan, so it wasn't worth it. The Cesium clocks have since been sold... and the memories remain. A cutting torch for steel is really just an oxy-acetylene torch. Once the flame gets the steel hot enough, you cut back the acetylene, and the pure oxygen burns the steel away. It's a surprisingly effect method of cutting. Interesting idea, someone could give you a pointer to either end, and you could traverse the list... however given a single random node in the list with no other information, the links are useless. In March, I had some seriously ill co-workers, kept myself in isolation from my family for 12 weeks, and then the tests started... I've been short of breath ever since. When I was medically cleared to go back to work, I was really anxious about my ability to make it through my first day... but got laid off before that happened. In order to collect unemployment, you have to certify you're ready to take a full time job... I'm not. I feel like I've aged 20+ years since March, things look bleak. Dying is terrible, but people are ignoring a huge problem in the long term consequences after "recovery". Millions of people are facing a "new normal" >Conversely, before automatic updates web developers were stuck supporting Internet Explorer for the best part of twenty years. Many of the people using it had neither reason or knowledge to update it, and it became the reason my parent's computers got riddled with malware. The failure is not that of Internet Explorer, but rather the OS in which it runs, which has a faulty security model. No operating system should trust executables with everything by default. Side effects are forbidden by structure, flows could be monitored in a GUI/Debugger, and as a result components can be tested as a unit, instead of a whole system. I love it! It is easier to design digital circuits when you have a whole catalog of 7400 and 4000 series gates, than it is using individual transistors. It is easier to wire a house when you're not making wires and switches with a hammer and a forge. I welcome this new higher level of abstraction, and am willing to pay the cost in terms of CPU and Memory to get there, just as I'm willing to waste transistors or copper wire to have something done and working. I took a look at your site (refinery.io), and the "watch demo" is really a "read introduction"... I was expecting to sit back and let you show me 10-15 minutes of video that sells the idea. It looks very professionally done, but reading screens isn't as easy as it used to be for me, a video is better. Good luck! I have a Nikon D5100, with the 18-55, 55-200, and 35mm lenses. The main advantage of a DSLR is getting low light exposures that are in focus, often without the need for a tripod. Looking directly through the lens helps eliminate distractions. Anything more than 6 megapixels is fluff, unless you really like cropping away most of your image. Back in the day, I bought a Nikon D40, instead of the D40x because it had fewer megapixels (but the same size sensor, which meant each pixel on the D40 was bigger, gathered more light, thus was better able to deal with low light). I wore the shutter out after about 46,000 pictures. I take pictures of things like cities, buildings, trees, etc... I'm not very good at portraits. I still have some things up on flickr at https://www.flickr.com/photos/145132971@N05/ If he's going to focus on maximizing threads instead of performance per thread, they'll come out on top. The race to make a single instruction thread move ever faster has obviously hit its limits as the main driver of overall compute performance. If they keep pushing the old model of ever more GHz, they'll fail. You seem to assume there is a choice to be had, but the lawys of physics say otherwise The single thread Von Neuman model is almost out of steam. The costs to push this model 2x faster are likely to break Intel. Concurrent programming, like it or not, is the future. Wouldn't it be better to do less branching? Long ago, I wrote a text search that used the 8088 XLAT instruction in a very short loop to do a text search, the carry flag got set when there was a hit. On modern machines, it would all end up in cache quickly, the branch would be well predicted, and it would just zip through text. It handled upper/lower case (you just set the bits corresponding to both upper and lower case of the letter)... but it couldn't do regex. I do, and am working on it, not to profit... just to route around the damage to the internet it causes. Software could be a lot more like electrical engineering, if ideas like flow based programming took off. The ability to completely remove side-effects from a given piece of code makes it possible to treat things as black boxes, which is an essential part of most circuit design. You could compare low level Assembler/C code to RF analog design, they're both black arts subject to high amounts of tweaking to get things working reliably. GIT for schematics would be a great improvement. It could also come in handy for CNC G-code. Git Blame to figure out why a mill crashed could save huge amounts of effort, tooling, and repair, along with making manufacturing more flexible. This seems to be an instantiation of flow based programming mentioned in this recent thread https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=25848542 What I would like to know is how did this come to exist in the first place? I realized Cargill is HUGE, but an open source system that supports private sub-networks?!?!? It's not really an economic question, it's one of politics, intimidation, and a global empire. The "magic money tree" is backed by the full force of the United States. Heads of state who have suggested alternatives found themselves confronted with a sweeping range of responses, starting with bribes, then coercion, sanctions, and if those fail, hiding in a hole from US forces. There's nothing magic, nor mysterious about it. We're the only ones (right now) with the system in place to hold the rest of the world hostage. When those in charge press their luck too far, or if by accident they let an idiot run the place for 4 years, that grip on things could loosen, and eventually our position could collapse. When that happens, we'll be forced to use money from someone else's "magic money tree". Having to export hard currency instead of magic money, would cause prices on all things imported to double or worse in a few years or less. The only real question is how many % of the value of the dollar when spent as an export is real, and how much is the "global reserve currency" status. I suspect it used to be %20 real, and lately it's more like 50% as our leaders fumble the ball too much for the rest of the world's liking. The FAA has been removing navigational aids for a while now. If GPS were to go down long term, there could be economic impacts. This is a national security issue. There are enough over the air transmitters already broadcasting that could be formed into a navigation network, as part of their license, the carrying of position and timing signals could be added as a requirement. The government should provide the equipment, maintenance, and training to do this. Redundancy requires an alternate system of navigation information, GPS/Galileo/Glosnass/BeiDou are all satellite based navigation, and tend to use the same frequency range, thus are all subject to the same systemic risk. True redundancy requires inertial dead reckoning, celestial navigation, or land based navigation aids. Sadly, none of these are being widely deployed. Satellite systems fail, there've been quite a few threads about problems with Europe's Galileo system, for example. There can be solar and other astronomic events which cause satellites to become unavailable. The GPS system became available to the public because of political decisions, it could be come unavailable for those reasons as well. Making the entire country dependent on GPS limits the options of the military organizations that established it in the first place, and compromises their mission to provide navigation to troops in the field. (in my opinion) The vulnerability of satellites to deliberate attack should not place the entire nation in a position of vulnerability as well. A ground based system in friendly territory, with a large number of separate sites, provides a redundancy in numbers that you just can't get from a few tens of satellites. There should also be ongoing research into improving celestial and inertial navigation systems as yet another backup. A long range system similar to the Omega system should also be deployed. Skipped right past the really odd glee and skipped right to "we might not survive as a species" Yikes... it's the "Children of Men" scenario that I never thought could happen. Cesium beam atomic clocks rely on an internal supply of cesium metal contained in an oven. This supply usually lasts 5-10 years, after which the tube containing the physics package needs to be replaced. They are interesting to work on, once you get the hang of it, you can diagnose them in an hour or two. Rubidium cell atomic clocks, on the other hand have a vapor cell which is a closed tube, and doesn't get expended. Thus Rubidium clocks have far longer service lives. You can find them surplus on Ebay for less than $200. The stability is slightly less, but still far more accurate than most electronics technicians need to do adjustments and calibrations. [Update - Far more than you ever thought you wanted to know about atomic clocks] The main difference between an atomic clock and a quartz crystal oscillator is that in a crystal oscillator, you have a continuous signal that is generated from the circuitry and passed through the crystal, and amplified in a feedback loop. A crystal oscillator can be made with a single transistor and a few passive components. In an atomic clock, there is a stabilized quartz oscillator, which actually keeps time, but it is then steered up or down in frequency slightly by using a harmonic of that frequency, along with a very slight amount of frequency modulation, to inject into a cavity containing the atom of interest. In Cesium (Caesium outside the US) beam clocks, the physics package is all packed inside a large vacuum tube. Inside the tube is an oven with microscopic holes in the top containing cesium metal, the oven is heated to about 200 degrees. A small stream of individual atoms exit. Those atoms pass through a magnetic field which diverts them according to spin. The atoms then drift through a microwave chamber where there is a 9.129 Ghz signal imparted. If the frequency of the signal exactly matches the natural resonance frequency of the cesium atom, its spin will flip. On the other side of the drift chamber, a second magnet selects only those atoms which have flipped state, all other atoms are diverted and trapped. Then the atoms encounter a hot wire with high voltage where they are ionized, them passed through another magnetic field which is a mass spectrometer, this serves to filter out impurities and contaminant that are present in the tube. There is a fine slit that allows entrance only to the cesium beams (now regardless of their spin), and they imping upon a plate in a photomultiplier. The net result of all this physics is that if you have exactly the correct frequency, there is a DC current of a microampere or so output, too high or too low, and the output drops quickly. The line width is on the order of a few hertz. To sample against this, the quartz oscillator is multiplied in frequency the appropriate amount using multipliers and phase locked loops, and combined with a very small amount of frequency modulation at 137 hertz. The DC output of the tube varies with the modulation... if it increases with increasing frequency, the reference clock is too slow... if it is out of phase, the reference clock is too fast, and if you get a 274 hz second harmonic, you are right on frequency. They take about 10-20 minutes to warm up and lock. There are some adjustments, and it is possible to have them locked on the wrong frequency if you aren't careful. Cesium clocks, used, are on the order of $5000 -- Rubidium clocks are easier to use... they are also quartz oscillators probing with FM signals, but instead of a stream of atoms, there is a lamp with one isotope of rubidium which is then passed through a chamber with microwaves and the other isotope of rubidium... if the frequency is just right, the light transmission dips by 1%, and this is used to lock the oscillator. Rubidium standards are about 10 times less stable, but have far longer service lives, and can be had used for about $200. I loved that story back then... with the advent of optical lattice clocks, and smaller sources, etc... have you done an update to the experiment? I'll second that... one of the things that you might encounter is a tube that has been out of service for a long time will have quite a bit of gas leaked inside, and you might have to let the ion pump run for days to get the leakage current down to an acceptable level before turning on the rest of the circuitry. My friend actually ended up using a high voltage supply one particularly troublesome tube, but in the end we were able to get it going... it just needed a lot of ion pumping. The bandwidth of the tube is VERY narrow (on the order of a few hertz, which means you have to be quite close on the frequency of the crystal oscillator before it can lock in. You also want to be careful when adjusting for the Zeeman frequency to pick the right peak, or you will end up with locked to the wrong transition, and your clock will drift ,although in a very precise amount of drift ;-) It's fun, once it works. It's easier the second or third time, of course. The demo is impressive. It's not clear how much of the software will be open source, or closed. You can find them in unreasonable condition in the middle of woods, etc... and those can be brought back as well. It's an honest version of Twitter! Unlike Medicine, many of the ideas that we had in the past were better than the commonly accepted way things are done now. Capability based security, for example was something that allowed you to run any program, with no danger to your system. It's not part of any common OS. They had it at Xerox PARC, but Steve Jobs chose not to take that part. On the other hand, the PARC focus on replicating paper was a step backwards from work by Engelbart and others. The limitation of a single desktop was put in place to allow children to ease into the desktop metaphor... it wasn't meant for adults to be stuck with the training wheels on. I've been digging back, looking for the ideas we missed... and boy, there are some really powerful tools waiting to be reified in a modern context. How is pointing out that the Stock Market is broken a bad idea? SE-Linux is the worst possible way to secure a linux system, its like when Microsoft went overboard on warnings, instead of actually trying to solve the problem. The main implementation difference in a capability based system is using a PowerBox to select files to give to a process, instead of letting the process access everything the user has rights to. Look at the recent talks by Alan Kay, Ted Nelson, Joe Armstrong on YouTube. Watch "The Mother of all Demos" by Douglass Engelbart. There is a lot of stuff online, just follow the threads. I've been pushing Capability Based Security for a decade... only in the last 6 hours did I learn that they had it at Xerox PARC, in an offhanded comment by Ted Nelson at the end of one of his videos, where he mentions the great ideas that got away. The optimization bottleneck you're fighting against in the game might have been solved 50 years ago, if you don't know history, you don't have a complete toolkit of all the good tools. There are good reasons to learn assembler, basic, forth, lisp, smalltalk, pascal, c, c++, python, java, etc. even if you don't use them on a regular basis. People manage permissions just fine in the real world... if you have money in your pocket, you can pick and choose what portion of it to hand to the cashier when you're purchasing something. When you had someone $3.50... you're giving them $3.50 of capability, and no matter how clever the Loch Ness Monster is, they'll never get more than that $3.50. If on the other hand, you have to give them the entire wallet... like you do in Windows, Linux, etc... the game is over. Capability Based Security is NOT the same as "Global Permission to do X" PayPal exists because it is an instantiation of capabilities for finance on the internet. A few years too soon for the mention of the best of pendulum clocks, often noticed here... the Shortt-Synchronome Clock. A clock that once adjusted, was better than many low end quartz oscillators in terms of stability. (2.31 ppB) Is this a slightly rebranded string theory? This headline ignores the lesson everyone should have learned by now.... you don't instantly make or lose money in the stock market... it only happens when you open and close positions. Since it was all buy and hold driving up the price... few sold... Billions of stock certainly weren't sold. Pascal remains my preferred programming environment. Though a bit buggy, and short on documentation, Lazarus/Free Pascal makes quick work of any forms based windows application. I worked through the entire Advent of Code 2020 exclusively in Pascal. My first real project in Turbo Pascal was a system to record the inspection of Fire Protection Equipment in Coal Fired Generating Stations (where small fires break out all the time due to the coal dust everywhere). I wrote a set of routines to allow field based text editing, and built up a CRUD (Create Read Update Delete) database of locations, routes, equipment. I took 4 weeks instead of the two I estimated. The customer loved it, it met all the requirements... and was totally impractical as a system. I spent the next year rewriting it in a fairly agile manner working for the Russ, Assistant Plant Manager. He taught me how to make user friendly software in a simple manner... we would pull a person from the plant and say something like "This is Mike... he wrote this program. [Worker Name], I don't expect you to be a computer expert, it's not your job... I want you to do X,Y and Z... If something goes wrong, it's Mike's fault" "Press F1 for Help" was ALWAYS at the top of the screen after the first 5 seconds of the first user trying things and not knowing what to do. I learned an amazing amount about writing software from Russ. One time... he asked "what would happen if I disconnected it right now?" I didn't know, and said so.... I got that taken care of in the next week. You could disconnect at any time, and never lose a record. It was a fun job. >Microsoft Exchange is one of the best database servers you'll ever use. You can make offline changes on multiple devices, and it will handle things automatically. It just works. -- Me : 2012 Source: http://mikewarot.blogspot.com/2012/01/ I stand by that assessment. To me the online/offline capabilities of the Exchange/Outlook pair was Microsoft's best product. >Can someone explain to a radio layperson how come there are plenty of cheap, tiny radios if DSP is computationally intensive. If you want to handle a signal in the analog domain, it doesn't take much in terms of electronics. AM radio can be received using a crystal radio, 100+ year old technology, if the signal is strong enough. You need 6 parts, antenna, ground lead, coil, capacitor, diode, headphones. To receive FM mono, you could use a diode radio, tuning off to the side of the carrier. To receive FM stereo, you need a fair bit of electronics, including a phase locked loop. Receiving FM stereo with RDS, etc. is a quite challenging thing to do in terms of signal processing. It is the only time my laptop really just can't keep up in terms of all the experimenting with Gnu Radio. It has the combination of high complexity, and high bandwidth that multiply out to a large compute load. That is why the warning was included. --- And now, for more info than you asked --- I've had an SDR dongle for years, and got back into it when the plague hit. I've received AM, FM, Single Sideband, all are fairly narrow bandwidth, so I have plenty of compute power to spare for making complex graphs. One of the "radios" I've built can receive all 5 NOAA weather radio channels at the same time. Another receives the local VOR (VHF Omni Range) station, and plots the direction to the transmitter. I can record an arbitrary 2 Mhz wide swath of bandwidth to disk (SSD, actually) in real time until I run out of disk space, and then post-process it later in any manner of my choosing. GNU radio is free software, and so much fun to play with. If you're a reddit user, I recommend checking out https://www.reddit.com/r/GNURadio/ https://www.reddit.com/r/RTLSDR/ You can listen to SDR on the net at http://www.websdr.org/ I've installed portacle, and ended up in a nest of errors I didn't understand. Can anyone here recommend a non-editor based version of lisp? If you live close to an AM radio station, you just need a hunk of metal and a diode... it doesn't need to be resonant or tuned in any way. Urban legend has it that you can even hear them via metal fillings in your teeth. https://www.bradfordfamilydentist.ca/lucille-ball-heard-spie... Thank you! Racket gives me error messages, which I can learn to understand, and doesn't take me into Emacs like portacle does. The tutorial helps too... more thanks! The flowgraphs use decimation filters, which reduces the sample rate while increasing the effective bit depth. Getting the high frequency sidebands takes more than 24k samples/sec. I looked at the generated python code for some of my flows that do decimation. The __init__ section of python code makes connections. Then the main loop calls the GNU Radio libraries and does a wait(). Here's the relevant section of code. def main(top_block_cls=top_block, options=None): tb = top_block_cls() tb.Start(True) tb.Wait() if __name__ == '__main__': main() Note: Each connection has its own sample rate and type, which is implicit in the graph. My late friend, Lloyd Smith used offer a service where he split the DC power bus and added a second power supply to S-100 systems, because the stock power supplies were undersized for a full card cage. That looks Cool, and concerning. If you accidentally pull out the control rod too far... things go bad, and the timeline is measured in milliseconds https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SL-1 I have to believe that tire grip is the limiting factor... the maximum seems to be about 2.3 g The fastest braking from 60-0 is 16 meters (53 feet), according to https://fastestlaps.com/lists/top-quickest-stoppers-60mph Using the physics calculator at https://www.calculatorsoup.com/calculators/physics/uniformly... This gives a deceleration of 22.5 m/sec^2, or about 2.3 g. I'm amazed it can go above 1 g, actually. >That 53 feet 60-0 is a Ferrari race car, which has aerodynamics that sucks it down to the ground, more than 1g of additional downforce. That downforce drops to zero long before the car stops. >Also, as far as the 53 feet goes, remember that this car was extremely light, 1400lbs. The Tesla Model S weighs almost 5Klbs for comparison. It doesn't matter how much something weighs... the kinetic energy scales linearly with weight. The F-16 fighter can pull 9gs, and it weighs 20,300 lbs. Tungsten lamp filaments are double coiled wire. According to wikipedia, there are 22 inches of wire in a typical 60 watt bulb. This decorative bulb, because it is cold, has a low resistance, likely only a few ohms, but the effective length is likely to be quite substantial, perhaps 40 feet or more. Thus, this lamp is effectively an inductively loaded whip. As long as you keep the power down, otherwise it'll become a resistive load Tungsten is paramagnetic, which I believe means it only weakly increases the inductance of a coil made from it. Startup idea: Users sell surplus Powerwall charge/charging access via a real time auction site. Airbnb for charging. If I had a solar array, a Powerwall, and charger, why couldn't I sell the excess charge in my Powerwall to anyone who wanted to drive over, and get a charge? Why couldn't property owners with big power feeds offer supercharger type services to complement the existing networks? One home isn't something worth of a network, but AirBnB aggregated them into something disruptive. The same could be done for lone charging stations. >We have come to value: A culture of finding and fixing design issues over checkbox compliance. Design issue: Widespread failure to teach and implement the principle of least privilege. Effect: Widespread belief that computer security can't be solved. Hell, even the NSA is going after the wrong overloaded definition of "capability". When every OS defaults to giving away the store to every process run by the user, you can't ever get things secure.. you can only waste billions trying. 10 more years until Capability Based Security takes off. The NSA has been pushing in the wrong direction, probably because they want to be able to hack everyone else... meanwhile actual security languishes in obsecurity, only pushed into view on occasion by obsessive types like me. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capability-based_security Computers CAN be made secure, but you have to give up Linux, Windows, etc. to do it. >Is there a regulation that stands out for you as an example? >I think the effects of the privacy rules being passed. He never connects A (privacy rules) to B (how it effects business) I doubt anyone saw this implication of using "proof of work" as the basis of "proof of stake" in bitcoin. I certainly didn't see it coming. The arbitrage of electricity, something that can't be economically stored and bitcoin, across geopolitical borders is something that's really going to be hard to prohibit on the smaller scale. I really hope the cryptocurrency we all settle on doesn't depend on proof of work, it's worse than using gold or silver, at least the work required to mine a gram of gold or silver is finite. So essentially, it's privacy or economic growth? John Chambers offers a horrible false choice. I for one, would be glad to see a future where my privacy wasn't mined. What's wrong with our outlets? We've got less voltage, and a ground plug that makes contact first. When the outlet is in a room with water, or outdoors, it goes through a ground fault interrupter to keep people from being electrocuted. We reserve 220 volt outlets and higher voltages (3 phase 480, etc) for the larger loads, and those plugs are huge, and not something found in a typical home. A thermic lance is a steel tube with pure oxygen fed down the bore. Here's how to make one out of a length of automotive brake line. https://youtu.be/EA-VCaBUsCA I'm quite happy that their patent doesn't make any hard assumptions about GPS, and actually relies on more than one means of making sure the rails are clear and unbroken. source: https://uspto.report/patent/grant/10894550 > Within the original Latin text, the numeral c. is used for a value of 120: Et quodlibet c. continet vi. xx. ("And each such 'hundred' contains six twenties.")[2] This implies those Roman Numerals we learned in school are wrong. Neat hack, of course self modifying code would have made the job easier. You mean an EnderChest? ;-) Long ago, I wrote a version of this for OS/2, in Assembler... called Forth/2. There is an interesting parallel idea where you get a large set of nesting tupperware containers, and enclose items in between the ( ) I heard about it from uncle John McCarthy. >Q: Can you explain the value proposition of DSLs? A: Cognitive Impedance Matching Windows does that with a lot of open-source binaries, they are new, and lower volumes of downloads... I blew past it a few hours ago with no bad outcome (that I know of) I found the lovingly hand picked play lists of the Wee Scone Variety show via radio.garden a year or so ago. Grant Henderson does a great job keeping it interesting yet quite listenable, and upbeat. The fact that he outside of the US helps him find versions of things I've never heard as well. http://www.blackdiamondfm.com/programmes/wee-scone-variety-s... Were any multilayer capability based secure operating systems compromised? No... Were any in use at all? No So, nothing really sophisticated... just exploiting the bad design of existing operating systems. This will continue for the foreseeable future. I started in Turbo Pascal, and migrated to Delphi when it came along, it was cheap enough that I had the pro version up until I moved into SysAdmin. Now that I want to dive back into production programming, Delphi has basically priced itself out of existence for me. Lazarus is a good alternative, a bit buggy, but at least I can afford it. Eventually I'll probably implement a Pascal layer on top of Racket. As far as straight up GUI toolkits go, there's no better tool than Delphi. I doubt I'll ever have something that powerful again. 1 Drone for navigation/eyes? 2 is 1, and 1 is none It would be better to run this backwards, and then forwards to get better perspective. Is there any way of putting a "fog of war" in the areas we have no idea about because they were subducted out of existence? So you can tell what a plate that no longer exists was like? Amazing. I'm amazed that it worked so well, it did confuse me that each repl didn't know the previously defined functions, is that just me? Forth is almost the postfix inverse of lisp. Instead of arity errors, you have stack over and underflow. And it only has one list, instead of lists of lists. Oh, and it's not garbage collected Oh, it it's not homoiconic {edit]I guess it's really not the same thing at all Amazing how a day's exposure to Racket shifted my opinion Lisp can take a chunk of lisp code and operate on it directly... forth can't do the same. The big difference with forth is the inability to do things other than variables (fixed allocations) and use the stack. The handling of lists and garbage collected larger things on the heap are a huge advantage for the Lisper. > It is better to simply learn about Forth instead of attempting to hammer it into the mold of another language one has heard of before. I knew Forth, I'm learning Racket (Lisp)... and I'd previously watched Uncle Bob Martin's talks about the quest for the ultimate programming language (Which at the time, he thought was Clojure)... it was then that I realized there is a continuum from Prefix (Lisp, etc) through infix (C, Pascal, Fortran, etc) to Postfix (Forth, Postscript, Cannon Cat, etc) Stoical is a Forth that handles lists, dictionaries, etc... it was implemented on the DEC PDP-11, and formed the basis of the RED editor. It was then ported to Linux by the author who later wrote DAW. I tried to revive it, but I don't really know C that well, and it made a LOT of assumptions about word size that I don't know how to get around in a 64 bit environment. I strongly suspect you could write Lisp in Stoical and vise-versa. They didn't. They had a US employee approve it. Me Too - For OS/2, and it was direct threaded code https://sourceforge.net/p/forth2/wiki/Home/ Snooping around for photos on the internet. It looks to me, as someone who made gears for a living, that they are Miter Bevel Gears. (Miter - both gears have the same pitch and bevel angle) The odd part is they are only used temporarily, then discarded at maturity. In the real world, it takes 2 hours or so to set up a bevel gear generator like the Gleason 14. Why not work on some very small machines that can mine and refine materials to make more of themselves? As someone who had done both hardware and software for decades, I'd forgotten how much I had internalized until I saw a programmer friend try to optimize the parts count on a circuit with an arduino, 8 LEDs and 8 resistors. He knew that the resistor was to limit current, and he knew about parallel and series circuits, so he just used one resistor on the other side of the LEDs instead of 8 of them... and then wondered why the LED brightness changed with the number of lit LEDs. Hardware isn't the same as software... it's easy to forget that sometimes. 8) We don't have to be efficient, just small and reliable, no matter how slow... if there were enough small machines to turn out enough materials to build new ones faster than the failure rate, then geometric growth wins, and you can build whatever you want, eventually. There is a fundamental limit of power... I get that. The Perseverance Mars Rover has one experiment that requires 180 watts of power, (The Oxygen Generator experiment) and it has a 110 watt RTG powering everything. They charge up some lithium batteries during down time, and use them to make up the difference. In the limit, If something takes 5,000 watts, you could run it for a few minutes/day, with that same RTG, provided you had suitable energy storage. Perhaps they could gather grains of material, and just sort them, one at a time, only keeping the iron rich material, or use a permanent magnet to gather ferrous material. You could sinter the grains together using a microwave or laser pulse. The results don't need great quality, just enough tensile and compressive strength to be mechanically stable during additive or subtractive manufacture. Lots of minds have been thinking about refining metals for a very long time, but they haven't been thinking about doing it on Mars, with limited power, and very far outside the box of normal constraints, like cost. This is one time capitalism doesn't apply at all... and most solutions assume capitalist incentives and costs, instead of going back to first principles thinking. It's been a day, and all we have are 3 bad jpegs? 1. Gmail (once per day) 2. HN (all day, every day) 3. YouTube (Here are the channels I subscribe to) https://www.youtube.com/user/ka9dgx/channels 4. Slashdot (It once saved me from having my office without internet for 6 months, when our ISP suddenly went away, and I got in line first for 2 replacement ISPs, we always had 2 after that) 5. Reddit (Lots of programming related stuff) 6. Twitter (To vent into the void, rather than here) 7. Facebook (To see what my friends are up to) Be sure to use this url for reverse-chronological listings: https://www.facebook.com/?sk=h_chr There used to be more. We must eliminate it if we want to preserve our way of life. Covid has long term effects, not all known at this time. https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/long-term-effects.... Are you willing to have 5% of the population end up like me... short of breath, and pretty much unable to do more than 1/2 hour of physical labor per day? I can do grocery shopping, and that's it for me. [Update] I used to be a machinist, on my feet 8-10 hours per day. I feel like I've lost 10-20 years off my life. If 5% more of the population goes down each time they get it, you're going to run out of people.. just like Texas ran out of natural gas, when it seemed impossible. Never underestimate exponentials, and long term effects of novel situations. One level of abstraction further down, Gates are analog, not digital. If you don't clock things right, you could end up with huge currents going through two transistors trying to drive something opposite ways, and then lose the chip, or battery life, or an intermittent glitch. I was a programmer in the 1980s and 90s, then went into a System Administration in 1997. As time went on, there was less and less work, but I still was there to put out fires. I tried multiple times to do upgrades to their database system, etc... but was stopped by production wanting to avoid any possible outage or change of habit. Eventually the job was outsourced. I took a job making gears, because I was interested in becoming a machinist, and our income situation was secure. I figured I'd spend 5 years in the industry, then exit and get back into Programming, with the added knowledge of machining as a combination skill. I learned a ton about gears, and small job shop machining environments. What I failed to do was keep up with programming in the intervening 20 years. I'm trying to figure out how to dive back in, and get work, especially now that I can't do physical labor anymore due to long covid. I did the Advent of Code last year in Pascal, which was challenging, but fun. I'm up for almost any language or task. The tools are a lot better, GIT is amazing, but the GUI builders aren't any better than VB6 / Delphi for Windows was 20 years ago. I assume the customer doesn't know what they want, they only know what they think they want . It takes iterations to get things right. Get a minimum viable product in front of them, and let them use it for a bit... you'll immediately get a raft of new requirements, and this is the perfect time to ask about ideas you thought of on the way, and what they think of them. It is also the right time to say "it would be hard to do X, but if I could do X' instead, would that be ok?" Iterate, iterate, iterate. --- Get users unfamiliar with the program, have them try to do X, Y, Z... ask what they are looking for, if they get confused... work hard to get your mind into the space of someone unfamiliar with the system you've created. --- Keep your databases as simple as possible. Don't ever have a way to put in N of something... it's either none, one, or infinitely many with a related table. --- Always have a way to get help visible to the user. --- In forms, don't enable the "Submit" or "OK" button until all the preconditions are set. Same with other fields. Make it impossible to submit invalid data, if at all possible. --- Never make a user type something more than once... each time data is entered is another opportunity for error. --- Old advice: Make sure the program can be used completely without a mouse, using only they keyboard. New advice: Make sure the program can be used completely without a keyboard, using only the touchscreen. --- If you're doing a data transfer to an external device, what happens if the connection fails in the middle of the transaction? Test it, and make it fail-safe. --- Use GIT to keep history, and take the time to make your commit messages meaningful to yourself and others in the future. (It sure beats the heck out of a folder of versionNNN.ZIP files) --- O(n) - If you don't know about O(n) notation, learn it and its importance. A program that works fine with a toy dataset will become unusable if there is an O(n^3) operation in there somewhere. A few hours of optimization an testing can outperform decades of Moore's law. --- Structured programming - Break down things into pieces as small as is reasonable to work with, but no smaller. Put related code into modules (units in Pascal) --- Information Hiding - Keep your interfaces strict, don't work around them to get at the internal state of objects. Doing so will limit your future options, and is a huge source of technical debt. --- Documentation: It should be possible to effectively use your program with only the manual, and some time and effort. If not, the program isn't done. --- Hardware: Intermittent hardware should be treated as hazardous waste, and disposed of as quickly as possible. - Mike's law of intermittent hardware. http://mikewarot.blogspot.com/2007/10/mikes-law-of-intermitt... --- Hardware: SSD drives are a great way to speed up an older system, but don't let them get full, or they will slow down. There is almost zero institutional legitimacy left because of decades of selling favors, such as blaming fat for the effects of the sugar industry, etc. Combine this with the replication crisis, and bias towards only funding and publishing novel results... things are worse. Combine that with the telomere issues from having lab mice optimized for lowest cost... and the subsequent need to re-test everything ... and there isn't much hope left. I really don't want people to end up like me... but at the same time I don't want people to discount this possible outcome when doing the math... it's an exponential term lurking in the shadows. I drew an iceberg like I imagined them to be, it lifted only a little bit out of the water and was stable. Which made me very happy. Fill all the water containers you have, turn off the water, open all the faucets, and turn off the water heater, and drain the water into a container if you need it. If a water heater freezes full of water, it's toast. Same with the toilet tank. Maybe pour some salt in the toilet bowl to keep it from freezing? You may have just changed my life! thank you so much! I'll keep digging, but it looks like some simple exercised might help get me out of this hell. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5455195/ I seems to me that the owners of natural gas fired power plants in Texas are being incentivized to find a way to store a few days of natural gas on site, and winterizing that storage, so they can win the lottery the next time things freeze over. [edit - back of the napkin math] Extrapolating from https://www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=667&t=3 it looks to me like it takes about 8 ft^3 of natural gas for 1 kwh of electricity. So, to run a 1 GW plant for 24 hours would take 192,000,000 square feet... a cube about 575 feet on each side. That's a huge tank farm. Coal is about 1 lbs/kwh, according to https://michaelbluejay.com/electricity/fuel.html#:~:text=Nat... . so the 24 Gwh pile would be 24,000,000 pounds, or 12,000 tons. (an 80 foot cube) This matches up fairly well with https://www.brighthubengineering.com/power-plants/52544-basi... >If you are an engineer and you want to try a new technology, go for it. Even if it doesn't make sense. Learn new things, don't stick with the boring tech. Maximize your own happiness and your own knowledge, not the profit of your higher-ups. Yes, by all means, have fun, at HOME, not on company time. >I imagine keeping lots of spare train cars around isn't a big engineering task. The solution I've seen in person is the "coal pile", with Caterpillar bulldozers on it, keeping the surface from combusting, and moving things around. They are proven simple technology, and work in winter. Keeping the coal in the train invites disaster, as rail infrastructure has issues with icing conditions. The goal should be to maximize the amount of solution space that can be explored, and them maintained, for a given amount of effort. Use your spiffy new stuff to prove something is possible, to build that MVP. Then use something reliable to implement production version. You can use a fancy million dollar CNC machine to build the engineering prototype of a gear set... but you're going to end up using some old as the hills Gleason or Barber-Coleman machines to make them in production quantities. The CNC machine lets you iterate through the design space almost instantly... the gear cutting machines take a few hours each setup, but then produce gears much, MUCH faster than the CNC machine in actual production. They've been optimized to do so. I'd be quite happy to show up, build something, and then keep it producing value for customers for decades with as little time and effort for all the humans involved as possible. As long as there is a way to quantify that value, it could be incentivized, boring systems should be the most profitable. That's a sweet childlike view of the world, like the picture postcard of a White Christmas (tm). The real world is like Texas... bad design can produce a black swan failure decades in the making, at any time. We're like the management at NASA, with their improvised spreadsheet models of O-ring erosion and a theoretic model of how x% of erosion equates to y% of danger, when in reality the original architects wrote down that ANY erosion meant the system wasn't safe, and needed redesign. As far as I know, none of the code holding everything together is actually suitable for purpose. This is terrifying to me. --- MS-DOS was fit for purpose, when it ran on floppy disks you could write protect and make copies of. You could run any program you wanted, downloaded from any BBS or copied from any shareware disk, and know full well the biggest loss you could incur would be having to make a new copy of your data, or OS on a fresh floppy disk. Programming was fun back then, because you didn't have to worry. That ended when we got hard drives, and when people figured out how to infect firmware, there was no going back. --- Unless... you start with new hardware and firmware, and don't ever trust applications to talk to the hardware directly, ever. You then minimize the kernel of code as far as practical, and set it up with policies that protect itself, and the hardware by default. Only then is it possible to get the fun back again. You give the user the tools to decide exactly what to trust a program with, and enforce their decisions. They can be trusted to act wisely, if the tools are sufficiently transparent and easy to use. The spiffy new language usually has some feature the developer can use to save time making the prototype. Since long term maintenance isn't an issue, you are free to iterate until it works. Stable platforms that you have experience on are well known, and your estimates of doing X on them are far more likely to be accurate. >How long would it take you to build everything you get from RN and all the libraries in TP6? Are we talking about the site, or the web browser to view it with? I could probably do either in a month. Using Lazarus/Free Pascal, about 1 week each. Individual objects were limited to 64k, but you had 640k for your program and the heap, in general. (I had some tweaks to get myself 704k free at the C:\> prompt). Pascal, the boring tool that just keeps working for decades. I wrote a program to control a large water meter calibration system in the 1980s, using TP7 on MS-DOS. I did graphics and multitasking, along with monitoring the pumps, flow meters, etc. I was contacted in 2004 when it stopped working... because they had inadvertently swapped the two IO cables when replacing the PC it ran on. Y2K had zero effect on it. Oops... I see the typo now... you wrote RN, and I read HN, Hacker News... ;-) "Preserving U.S. overmatch in and through cyberspace is an explicit objective of the 2018 National Cyber Strategy." U.S. overmatch? Nope... not even close. We're so far behind the curve it's doubtful we can ever catch up. We learned a ton of things getting our ass handed to us in Viet Nam, and then promptly forget all of it when the PC showed up and the internet took off. Look at the breach of the Form 86 records from the OPM a few years ago... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Office_of_Personnel_Management... "The attack originated in China".... why was it even possible to access this incredibly sensitive database from the internet? The theory that the NSA and CIA can retain hacking tools for themselves, and keep the rest of the world in check was falsified a few years ago as well. All knowledge of multilevel secure systems seems to have been wiped out of the collective memory of those in charge of the NSA, DOD, etc. The only way I see back from this lagging position is to fund open source efforts to drive the development and adoption of multilevel secure systems. If we make computers everywhere more secure, the baseline security of the entire free world will rise. --- Tangent time --- It also wouldn't hurt to fund a few low cost projects aimed at being able to "restart civilization from scratch", with a particular emphasis on building educational, non-profit, well documented supply chains that start with rocks and branches, and work all the way up to modern technology as far as they can go. These should considered a part of the education and national defense efforts. If the end result is a gear... the sources of the metal, cutting tools, etc... should all trace back to non-market sources. You should be able to name every single person who helped along the way, and how. All of that knowledge should be shared and preserved. 1. We're gonna need a bigger GIT server 2. Gradient Descent works on neural networks, it would work on Miguel. He wouldn't be aware of it, because he wouldn't save state. 3. I'm sure there are lots of things that could be used to reward him that cost little in the real world. He could live like a King, spend months on vacation, and work a week or two a year... in parallel millions of times. 4. With the right person/organization on the outside, it could be very close to heaven, and profitable for both sides of the deal. 5. If he wanted to be young again, he could. New hardware to interact with could give him superpowers. They teach that stuff at the School of the Americas in Fort Benning, Georgia. (Now called WhinSec to try to get away from its past) Can someone explain to me how this doesn't imply that I should completely remove fructose from the list of ingredients in food I am willing to consume? Original seems to be down https://web.archive.org/web/20210223075835/https://cacm.acm.... The Amazon Echo can make outbound phone calls, and thus function as a poor man's Life Alert. We don't have a government anymore... it started breaking down with the death of FDR. The only thing that kept it going was the cold war. We don't invest in research like we should. >For those of us who want a computer to tinker with, we’ve never had it so good. I disagree to an extent. While the hardware is much, MUCH faster, efficient, reliable.. it isn't something we can tinker with anymore. Would you feel safe picking up a random USB drive and running the programs on it? A huge chunk of the fun of early PCs is gone. You can't just find new stuff and try it out to see how well it works. If its open source, you get dependency hell, if it works at all. Plus there could be any number of backdoors or bugs in it waiting to subvert your system. Plus the ever present threat of having all of your passwords and/or data exfiltrated to who-knows-where. In the days of 2 floppy disk machines, none of this was a worry. The National Radio HRO-500 used an HFO to generate 500 kHz steps, and a separate fairly linear VFO for the last 500 kHz of tuning. The use of a manually tuned pre-selector stage helped greatly with image rejection. It had a variable frequency first IF, which then tracked the VFO tuning, and the second IF was at 230 kHz. It came out about 1962, and I helped a friend repair a few of them in the last few weeks. All the transistors were in sockets (Germanium transistors, which do seem to age and get "weak") It turns out you can put a LOT of force through 3d printer parts if you don't care about getting a lot of cycles. Here's a video from 2018 of 3d printed Press Brake Dies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-fTY5L5uu0 Perhaps there is a way to feed this "press" between a set of rollers to make a harder impression? You could spend $20, but then never trust that computer again... it gets expensive, even at $20/pop... when it used to be the time to copy a floppy. It really isn't the same. You always have to worry these days. It's similar to the fact that going into a crowd was no big deal in the past, but now it is. >Why $20/pop? Just reuse the same untrusted computer for all untrusted things? Because the hardware could have something planted in it... and if what you're tinkering with turns out to be useful, then what? Then you have to spend $20 for another computer that you can trust with that one little thing. Yes, in the days of MS-DOS, there were virii spread by floppy disk, but those could be guarded against fairly easily. You could always start fresh with a clean copy of your OS and use it to clean up the mess. A better way is to have an OS that protects the hardware, and itself. Then you can have a single computer for everything, without having to trust any piece of application code, ever. Why is giving you a person, access to all of your data a problem? The root cause is the complete lack of facilities to quickly and simply delegate capabilities to applications. There is no way to tell the OS, give this file to this application. Instead of trusting nothing, and providing the PowerBox facility to allow the user to do this, all the popular OSs just trust the applications with everything that the user has permissions to access, by default. --- If you want to pay for a purchase at a store with cash, you carry a number of units of currency... and you only give the clerk the appropriate amount, and you can count the change to verify the transaction is correct. Giving you a person, access to your cash is a solved problem. 8) There is no equivalent way to work with an application on mainstream OSs. This is collective insanity , which I've been calling out for more than a decade. I really like your view of the world, that programs should be portable, tiny, and just work. The slamming of so much functionality into a zip file is inspiring. Would it be possible to do something similar with Free Pascal, allowing the recreation of something like Turbo Pascal, except really, really portable .com output? > There’s also a new method of post-print sintering in your oven using powdered salt Here is the salt annealing video: https://youtu.be/nRLJ4ylGTFc >So it's a tiny virtual machine. Intriguing, but not really shocking. Nope... it's native code, that runs on multiple platforms, all in one small executable. How? Lots of very clever hacking, and trimming all the accumulated dreck out of the normal C runtime, while making it work across all the supported platforms. (Polyfill is the term she uses) This is the most amazing thing I've seen in a decade or so. It is right up there with GIT in terms of the possibility space it opens up. On most computer systems these days can select a set of files and folders and tell the computer to "Send to compressed file", the files that come out of that process usually end in ".zip", and are thus known as "zip files" This is a zip file, like any other... you can add and remove things from it. However, this ZIP file has a superpower, it can display the contents on the web... it has a web server built into it. You can take this file, run it on a Windows, Linux, Macintosh, and it will work. You don't need separate versions for each different system... this just works on all three systems, unlike almost every program ever written. This is one of the most impressive feats of programming things I've seen in my 40+ years of programming. The web serving is clever, but the superpower that it can run on anything really took a huge amount of work, which the author built into a tool called "ape", and has shared with the world, so other people can use it, and help her make it better. I've been programming since before you were born... and this is the most impressive hacking feat I've ever seen. A single executable, that doubles as a valid ZIP file, that you can put a complete website into, also doubles as a valid executable on Windows, Mac, Linux. The build infrastructure is a complete reworking of C to make it far more portable than even K&R thought possible. I probably wouldn't have believed it possible, but here it is! The real preparation to protect the power grid is fairly simple. A> Someone has to be authorized to shut down the grid, and willing to do so with no consideration of politics, nor profit, in the hours before the proton flux hits the earth. B> Everyone has to obey those instructions despite the politics that will inevitably happen as the bean counters attempt to eek out the last drop of profit and push things too far. C> The Black Start plans that grid operators have, which would restart the grid from everything off, to a fully functional network, have to survive contact with reality. The Carrington event cause high voltage discharges in telegraph systems. The power grid handles lightning strokes all the time, way more voltage and current all at once. The real danger is the large low voltage DC currents, the could cause the iron in the core of transformers to become saturated, after which they will stop working as transformers, and simply become very large heaters as there is suddenly no inductance to stop the flow of current through their primary windings. If the system is off, the currents can flow, and no damage will occur. TL;DR - if the grid is OFF, it is safe... and someone has to have the authority to make that decision with some lead time to allow it to happen in an orderly manner. I'm an old Delphi/Pascal application programmer here, trying to get the lay of the land in the C/C++ world. Why is there a forest of files in Cosmopolitan Libc? I tried looking at it on Github to see how things were done, and there were a lot of .h and .S files, I couldn't actually find the C source, though I'm sure somewhere in there is a .c file. Doesn't fragmenting the source into thousands of files make compilation far slower than it needs to be? Also, I wonder if/how functions that aren't called in a program get trimmed away by the linker, and thus don't make the executable larger. If you watch the movie "The Game"... and stick with it until the end.... this is similar.... wtf? Is this a spoof, or what? Ok, so downvote away, but at least answer the question... what is this thing? I'm willing to pay TurboTax AND test (with my info) whatever else someone gives me to run locally on my Windows machine, offline, in a virtual machine. I'll do it every year, until the software is good enough to use without paying the TurboTax Tax. I'm also willing to help debug it. >Can a solar flare destroy the Bitcoin Blockchain? No. Part of the mining process is to verify the prior block, this guards against double spending, but also corruption of any kind. The grid as a whole, is safe if turned off before a massive solar flare the size of the Carrington event. Computers might lose power and/or connectivity, but once everything is back up, the bitcoin network would be back up and running. In 1980, my Science Faire project involved Class D modulation, with NE555 timers, at 10 Khz, needless to say, the technology to do PWM of high power motors predated that. So, I've been interested in PWM drives for 40+ years. Turntide has a promo video at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osAZeLs6zmY At 3:04 in the transcript, they say "we have to switch the current on and off really fast 20 000 times a second the computing power software and sophistication required to do that made it quite simply impossible" This claim is false, otherwise... I'm ok with what they say. It's true that using a high frequency PWM drive could save a large amount of power in places where the motor wasn't properly matched to load. The implication that 25% of all electrical power, worldwide, is wasted because of this is very sad, and an opening for profit . Turntide isn't the only vendor who has products to fix this, though... its not a monopoly. Magnetic cores can be used to do logic, and there were a few solid-state computers based on that premise (with Mhz clock rates long before transistors caught up) It is possible to build the equivalent of an FPGA with cores and programmed jumpers like this. It could be useful on the surface of Venus if sufficiently high temperature materials were used. So, you could quite easily cause someone to be stuck in a time loop, if they didn't know about the meta-time nature of things.... interesting! Ferromagnetic materials have a hysteresis, a stickyness to their field... materials with large hysteresis are used to make permanent magnets, and those with very low hysteresis are best for transformer cores, because each transition through hysteresis represents loss. All cores have it, it is an engineering optimization to choose a "hard" (high hysteresis) or "soft" magnetic material. If you want to store a bit, as in core memory, or magnetic logic, you'd use a "hard" material. It is likely the cores in the TROS module were "soft". If the hysteresis is low enough, even the normal atomic motion due to heat can cause the field to dissipate over time. You have a gun barrel, some of the toughest steel around, which required to contain the supercritical mass long enough to allow for an efficient chain reaction. You stick a cone shaped object down the open end of the gun, and weld, or screw it into place with enough mechanical strength to stop an artillery round and keep it from exiting. More than 1/2 of the critical mass is likely here, with the air gap around it helping to keep the neutron flux low, for the time being. It is likely there is a neutron initiator on the very tip of the conical slug projecting into the barrel. (Think of shoving a ice cream cone into a pipe, narrow end first) On the breech end, you insert a large "hollow point" slug of the rest of the critical mass. (an empty ice cream cone, open end first) The hole in the middle helps keep the neutron flux low, for now. Following this slug is the cordite explosive which will push the slug down the barrel at great speed. The charge is set off, the slug rushes down the barrel, and gets wedged against the sides, in the process it breaks the neutron initiator, crushing it, and setting off a rush of neutrons, into the now complete, supercritical mass. The temperatures and pressures in the gun barrel begin to rise exponentially as the chain reaction takes off, within microseconds it is just the inertia of the barrel that helps keep things in place, the melting and even vaporization temperatures have been passed, but the contents have yet to disassemble completely, the chain reaction reaches its peak as the temperature climbs past 50,000,000 degrees, and then everything spreads outwards, 7/10ths of a gram of mass (the weight of about 3 rain drops) has been converted to energy, yielding the explosive yield equivalent of 15,000 tons of TNT. You can own a computer, but you have to go back to the days of MS-DOS and floppy disks to really be sure. Once a program is running on MS-DOS, it essentially owns the machine until it makes a DOS or BIOS call. There isn't really enough room in the system to fit any advanced back doors, and you can have your operating system on a hardware write protected disk. You can make backups that you can verify, and write protect those, and keep them offline. -- The key advantage of an old MS-DOS / floppy based computer is that you can always bring your system back to a known safe state -- Once you adopt any operating system that is always running, the OS has to protect the hardware from everything, if you want to be able to trust it. This rules out Linux, Mac-OS, Windows, etc. I'm hoping that Genode does a good enough job to be able to trust it, but it's a bit beyond my learning curve right now. If you have a secure OS, which isn't stupid about trust, then you're back in the saddle again, and can build upon this foundation, being careful to never give any executable you run more privilege than it needs to do the job. Linux, Windows, and Mac-OS all have stupid defaults (allow everything the user is permitted)... Genode and systems that implement capabilities don't do that. (No, "access your contacts" on your tablet or phone is not a proper "capability", "you can read this file", and "you can write this folder" are proper capabilities). -- A secure system lets you assign capabilities using dialog boxes like you're used to using, except they call them a "power box". The OS then enforces your decisions, not the application. No matter how rogue or confused your program gets, it can't access anything outside of the files or folders you've given it access to. 8) We're a few years out before awareness of the stupid defaults we're all living with take hold, and the inertia of everything then has to be overcome. We'll get there eventually, if we can keep the idea at least an open option before big business closes it down for good. This is exactly what I fear about diving back into software development. The last time I was a full time programmer was in 1990. We had an office, with a few desks and phones, and 2 computers, not networked, and a portable for taking onsite to do support. I was the programmer and field support guy, Scott wrote the manuals, did sales and some support, and the owner showed up on occasion, sometimes with clients in tow for a demo. It was fully possible to spend hours on a problem with ZERO interruptions, have a lunch break, and they dive back in. I have no idea how anyone can expect productivity and response to calls/email/texts at the same time. I'm willing to work hard, learn whatever is required, and will route around the fads that keep things more complicated than required... but I need time to think. If you want email twice a day, fine... but no more than that if you value actual productivity. Things are far worse than they were in 1990, and far better. The documentation that comes with systems is almost non-existent, and you have to Google things instead... but we've gotten used to that. The hardware is almost infinitely faster, especially on my Optane SSD laptop, but the OS is horribly insecure. I don't have to use sequentially numbered/dated .ZIP files, instead getting to use GIT / GIT hub and it is glorious . The fact that it all gets backed up for $5/month at Backblaze has saved my bacon more than once. I'll never internalize the fascination with RUST and immutable strings of Python... but I could live with them. All I ask is a quiet space, a reasonable set of goals, and someone who can manage me without being cruel. The main point of a battleship is that it can withstand the rounds fired from an opponent battleship when they are within range of each other. If a projectile has enough kinetic energy to travel 1000 miles, I doubt any armor would be able to survive the impact. I'd opt for many small fast ships with a small crew, and one or two guns, and just enough armor to keep them from being sunk by pirates, etc. There should be enough storage on board for about 1000 rounds for each gun. I don't know how fast hydroplanes are, but that's the kind of speed I'd shoot for... 100 knots, so you could be anywhere in the world within a week. Battleships are romantic, but they are obsolete. You can't make armor thick enough to stop today's missiles. If you take many photos from slightly different locations, you can combine them into a virtual focal plane with interesting results. https://www.flickr.com/photos/---mike---/albums/721577185851... There used to be far, far more, but I ragequit after a bad UX experience that cost me years of accumulated links from other users on the site. I'm slowly putting things back. My main point to all of the above is that you need a better OS, the hardware can mostly be ignored once a proper OS is running that can keep the hardware from being hijacked. About as scary as the Ikea store - http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-3008 Multithreaded Object Versioning Architecture - you kids can't even spell right. One night just to make a joke work, Linus renamed it to GIT. Nothing will change until we all start using multilevel secure operating systems[1] aka Capability-Security[2]. I am happy to learn that Mac-OS has started down this path with the introduction of the PowerBox[3] to Mac OSX Lion. A powerbox runs separate from the application, so that the users selections can be enforced directly by the OS. Genode[4] has been the thing I figured would eventually come through for the masses, but I'm flexible. The internet can't ever be secure if all of the ends are trivial to break. We've got a lot of work to do, but first we have to wake up to the true root of the problem. 1 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multilevel_security 2 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capability-based_security 3 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_dialog#Powerbox 4 - https://genode.org/ Autogenerated documentation really sucks as well, no matter if it is tree, graph, or wiki based. (Which are all the same thing, in the end) The bane of my existence in the last 24 hours is a typical example: https://www.freepascal.org/docs-html/current/rtl/fgl/tfpgmap... There are links that go places, but nothing anywhere actually shows working code examples, or even non-working fragments. One of the reasons actual civilians were able to write their own programs back in the 1980s was that Turbo Pascal, and Visual Basic had decent manuals, and there were plenty of "dummies" guides as supplements. Documentation should include working example code for each and every library, function and property supplied. /End old man rant I was a system administrator / Lone IT Guy at a marketing company for 15 years. Then I worked making gears for 5 years. Now I'm wanting to dive back into programming, at 57. It's going to be interesting. If I can, I'll read the article... unless it's paywalled (ugh, Medium, NYT, Bloomberg) and the other comments (not always in that order) before commenting. I try not to just post hot-takes, sometimes I let emotions get the better of me. If it's a security disaster of the day... I'll do my standard reminder that it doesn't have to be this way, a clue about capability based security, and keep it all in one comment/reply. Sometimes others agree with me, like its obvious, which gives me hope... other times... no hope. Then I watch the threads, reply in the tree, because that's how I learn when it turns out I was wrong. Caffeine is missing - it's my mood altering drug of choice. If you type "caff" into the search, it doesn't find it... weird. St John, Indiana is about 35 miles SSE of Chicago.