I'm the author. When I add new content, I'll make a note of it on my blog here: journal.stuffwithstuff.com. You can watch the RSS feed for that to see when new stuff is up. I'm talking to a publisher right now, so it might be a little while before the next chapter is done, but hopefully I can get things squared away soon and get back to cranking out text. My book aims to cover sort of the code-between-the-features. It won't teach you too much about AI, physics, etc. (there are plenty of other books for that), but I hope it will help you get those systems to hang together gracefully. > the language implementation is incredibly easy to read and understand. Thanks! After wading through an SML compiler whose author apparently thought single-letter variables and no documentation was perfectly fine in a language that doesn't even have fucking type annotations, I figured the least I could do to advance the state of the art was make the code legible. This is from hazy memory, but I stated that because I think GCC, Clang, MS's C# compiler, and javac all use hand-rolled parsers. Go is supposed to be minimalist. Every language is designed according to that rule. No language designer thinks, "Let me just slap some extra unneeded stuff in there." They just differ on what they consider necessary. In Go's case, I think many of the things they've omitted from the language are actually useful features and they've just pushed the complexity onto the users. For example, no exceptions just ends up meaning "if err != nil { return nil; }" everywhere. I do think D is probably closer to where my heart is. I think my ideal low-level language is a bit like C + some of ML's type system. I think it may be possible to get that without being as heavyweight as D, but I'm not sure. I agree completely. I had a note to discuss that (and globals, eww!) but I cut it because honestly that post was too long already. Yeah, at the time, I found his explanation uncompelling: which means you should have the choice to do efficient things, if you know what you're doing. That directly clashes with other design choices in Go. For example, taking the address of a variable on the stack implicitly puts it on the heap (at performance cost) to protect you from accidentally using the pointer after that function returns. If you're worried about it and you really care: don't pass a pointer, pass a value. ...and pay the performance penalty of doing not just a copy, but a deep copy, simply because the language doesn't have const. Constructors are easy to write in GO: Maybe I didn't clarify it enough, but I tried to explain my problem with initialization functions in the "Future-proofing" section: "If you later need more complex initialization, you’ll have to replace every new(Foo) call with NewFoo()." An exception-like mechanism has been proposed: Yes, and implemented and put in the language and referenced in the post. I'm not crazy about panic and defer for reasons spelled out a bit here: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/du9zu/the_langu... Circular data structures where you need to simultaneously initialize two values to each other are the common case where this is problematic. To me, that's a fairly rare edge case and you can easily handle it using mutable variables and option or maybe types. From skimming wikipedia and the code, it looks like a trellis is more or less a VList where each array in the VList is represented by a complete binary tree of an appropriate depth. That gives you the VList's O(1) average performance to find the right tree, but then you have to do an O(log n) walk down the tree to the desired element. Am I interpreting that right? > Another fairly interesting paper titled "Evaluating the dynamic behaviour of Python applications", shows that programs in dynamic languages with these runtime modification behaviours often stop modifying their behaviour after a certain amount of "load time". I find that deeply reassuring, since that's the core idea behind Magpie, the language I'm working on. It's a dynamic language with a static type-checker. The idea is that it runs dynamically at load time so you can imperatively and dynamically build your types and then after that, it statically checks the results, then invokes main() and (presumably) runs in a more or less static fashion after that. Type inference is nice and goes a long way, but it's still fundamentally different from being able to modify types imperatively at load time. For example, in Ruby, it's trivial to swap out a method with a version that does some logging, but only on Tuesdays. Scala can't really do that because it presumes all types are locked down before any code (such as code to tell if today is Tuesday) has executed. I don't think you have that right. I read it as that kind of behavior modification isn't done that often after load time . During load time, all sorts of shenanigans are going on (monkey patching, etc.) > I want metaprogramming on top of everything and its brother, not Ruby syntax. Depending on what you mean by metaprogramming, my goals for Magpie may fit what you're looking for. Its syntax is a bit like Ruby, and it features the dynamicism and open classes you get from Ruby. But, beyond that, I'm planning to add full Lisp-style quasi-quoting metaprogramming, as well as an in-language-extensible parser. > When you encounter a token that is the same token as a keyword, you need to use context to determine if it is actually a keyword or part of an identifier. You're presuming here that a space delimits tokens. In this language, that may not be the case. The lexer may create a single token from "a b c". I used to find it unnatural too. Recently, I changed my working habits so that I keep a running todo list of things I'm working on. When I complete a task, the todo becomes the commit message, and I leave it in present tense. Other reasons to prefer it: * It's generally shorter than the alternatives: "Implement" versus "Will implement", "implements", or "implemented". * I think it's actually more accurate to say that commit messages should be in the imperative mood, not the present tense. The message is basically telling some unspecified agent to do something "Fix this bug." That lines up with the imperative form we use to write a lot of code. > What if you've got a few dozen local variables? In that case, I would consider that I have a larger problem than merely one of documentation. > However, I find this rather harsh aversion to paying a few bucks for peer-reviewed, scientific content curious. I already paid for it. A fraction of my taxes go to funding educational organizations so that they can produce these papers. Even then, if the $15 actually went back to the author, I'd be OK with double-dipping, but it doesn't. Const != immutable. Const in C++ gives you a read-only view into an object. You can accomplish the same goal with more fine-grained control by using interfaces in C# (or Java, which also lacks const). Instead of returning a const reference to your object, you return your object cast to an interface that doesn't have any mutating methods. > What's an example of "more fine grained control"? Sure, consider this: http://pastebin.com/H3c83X1K Here we can give a client a write-only interface to the Mailbox, or one of two readonly (i.e. "const") interfaces that each have access to a subset of Mailbox's "const" methods. > "Given an infinitely long linked list which you can only traverse once select a random item with O(1) storage." If the goal of the question is to select a random item where all items have the same probability of being selected, it's impossible. If you're willing to ditch even distribution, then one answer is: value pickRandomItem(node* list) { /* Always return first item. */ return list.value; } Or maybe I'm missing something here? What programming language is that not the case for? > I mean, what happens if you delete 3 things, and realize that you want to undo the 1st one? Just drag the first one out of the trash and leave the other two there. > What happens if the action you take, changes the state of the user's data in a way that is unrecoverable? Store the previous state. Best use of nesting instinct ever. It's important to keep in mind that "knowing Photoshop" has little to no equivalence with "knowing how to design" anymore than "I know vi" means "I can program". Both are equally valid skills, but learning the former won't automatically address the latter too. > So many people create pet programming languages and add them to Wikipedia that the PL lists and categories are essentially useless. Surely a simpler solution to that is to make a list that you feel describes the languages you consider important. Maybe "List of programming languages notable in academia" (which would include things like FeatherweightJava but probably not regular Java). People who want to find languages that meet that criteria can find them all in one place. Meanwhile, people like me who are interested in new languages, or languages that experiment with syntax but don't push the academic envelope, don't have that knowledge outright taken away from them by you. Is there a reason you didn't just handcode a recursive descent parser? It's more than just date movies. High school kids have lots of disposable income, few bills, plenty of time to kill, can't get into bars, and don't need get hire a babysitter. College kids have lots of other things to spend their money on, like booze and, uh, booze. Once you're past that age, the odds of having kids goes up and then going to a movie becomes a major outing. For my wife and I to see a movie in the theatre now, we'll have to shell out close to $80. It's just not worth it, especially as home theatres keep getting better and better. One thing I've learned is how much surface quality of presentation matters. As much as we might pretend to be perfectly logical rational beings, psychology, aesthetics, and emotion are always part of our decision-making process. So when I present something, I try to have great material, but I also try to make it visually appealing, clearly-written, friendly, and warm. Makes a huge difference. > let go an embrace the prototypal object model JavaScript itself doesn't embrace a prototypal model. When was the last time you cloned an object to create a new one in JS? JavaScript's model is much closer to classes than prototypes. The only real significant difference is that unlike class systems, JavaScript allows inheriting both "methods" and "state" from its "class". Otherwise, the language works more or less like a class-based one. I started toying with CoffeeScript a while back for my own entertainment and found the administrative overhead was much less than I anticipated. I went from a clean slate to being up and running in like five minutes. Once I had node and CoffeeScript installed, it was just a single command-line to start a watch on my .coffee file and then I was back to "refresh browser window to see my changes" mode just like regular JS. Performance. If you have n objects with m methods, that creates n * m function objects. With "normal" prototypal inheritance where those methods are on the prototype, it only requires n objects + m functions. That post is excellent! Somehow I didn't find that when I was looking to learn more about TDOP. The only change I made from yours and Pratt's is that I split out the nud and led parsers completely. It seemed weird to me to lump them together just because they share a token when they aren't semantically related. For example, the "(" token handles grouping in prefix position and function calls in infix, and those don't have anything to do with each other, so I split out PrefixParselets and InfixParselets into entirely separate dictionaries. ML type annotations use that syntax, so it's probably the grandaddy of them all. It's easier to parse if your type syntax uses juxtaposition. "Some int" is a valid type, so it would make " " harder to parse. It's hard to tell when the type ends and the variable name starts without backtracking. > Why are Google so popular anyway? I've been a Googler for a little less than a year and so far I absolutely love it. Compensation is good, the perks are fantastic, the caliber of people I work with is stellar, the work is challenging and interesting, and the culture and processes are the best I've seen. > A long process of interviews like the ones I have heard about hints at more pain and no autonomy once you actually join. I believe it's the opposite. You have to run the gauntlet to get in because once you do, you won't be closely monitored and you'll be given a lot of autonomy. The hiring process is stringent to try to reduce the number of internal gates you need once you get in. Yes, I would. I'm mostly self taught. The biggest gap I find is that I pronounce stuff wrong since I learned it from a book. It's embarrassing. The problem is that you often need to decorate a generic parameter with additional information (like its type constraints or variance). If the type parameter doesn't have a singular place where it's "declared", there's no convenience place to do that. In your example, how would you specify that T must implement Summable? This fork of CoffeeScript does: https://github.com/jstrachan/coffee-script/blob/master/TypeA... . I for one would also love it if this got rolled into mainline. I use Closure at work, and I'd love to be using CoffeeScript with it. It's interesting that you lump .NET in with Java. C# has more in common with Scala in terms of flexibility and expressiveness than it does with Java these days. C# 1.0 was a Java clone, sure, but the language has moved faster than pretty much any language out there since then. > Since Spine doesn't use constructor functions, due to limitations with prototypal inheritance, classes are instantiated with inst(). Can someone explain this to me? I've been using prototypal inheritance through Closure's goog.inherits() and never had any problem using regular object constructors. The scene in Office Space where Peter is talking to the two Bobs, while presented as comedy, is a perfect example of how this actually works. As soon as he acts like he isn't subordinate to them, they begin to feel that he's "management material". It's not arbitrary touching. When he's asking her about something she's unsure of, he consistently touches her left shoulder. When he talks to her about something sure, he touches her right . Then he uses those same touches when he wants to make her unsure or a color, or feel sure that a color is the wrong one he says it is. I don't know to what degree that actually works, but it's pretty interesting. > Applying it to Javascript, think of bound functions (ones which are methods on instantiated objects) implicitly having a 'let this = instance' statement prepended to their bodies. Except that Javascript under normal circumstances doesn't have bound functions. A method (a function property on some object) is unbound unless you go out of your way to bind it. So it only conceptually has that "let this = ..." prepended to it within the duration of an invocation that's using property access to get the function . In other words, JS doesn't include "this" in a function's closure, which is where a lot of the confusion comes from. It allows you to inherit functions from a prototype and still have them execute against the current receiver. Consider: var base = { greet: function() { log('my name is ' + this.name); }, name: 'base' } var derived { __proto__: base, name: 'derived' } derived.greet(); If the greet function was bound at creation time to base, then the last line would print "my name is base" instead of the desired "my name is derived". It's important to remember that + is a little different from a C union in that it's automatically tagged, which C unions are not. If you have int+int in a functional language, you always know which arm was chosen. If you have a union of two ints in C you have to add a third boolean field yourself to keep track of which one is active. "+" isn't set union. If it was, int+int would just be int. The extra tag distinguishes it. Raw unions in C are like set union though. If you're an introvert, why do you have a job that involves dealing with people all day to begin with? It sounds to me like it isn't lunch that's the problem, it's the hours before and after it. E was created by Mark Miller and Dan Bornstein. Both are Googlers now. Dan is known as the main creator of the Dalvik VM. Mark is still following the path set by E but in the context of Javascript. He's working on both Caja, an ocaps secure subset of JS and on JS Harmony itself. * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E_%28programming_language%29 * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caja_%28programming_language%29 If you have to check it for null then, by definition, some_field here isn't a nullable type. If it was, you'd just do: object.some_field.foo(); Am I missing something here? In your case, then, using "as" is the right thing to do. > Let's face it, if they were doing something legal they wouldn't care if they were getting videotaped. That is, quite simply, not true. Companies have all manner of secrets that are important for their business. There's nothing intrinsically nefarious about trade secrets, and those sometimes extend even into soft things like processes and organization. There's nothing illegal about Google's search code, but they sure as hell wouldn't want someone taping that and publishing it. My rule of thumb is that if I'm using color to distinguish something, to never vary just hue. Always include a saturation or brightness change too. Personally, I do find the design on the right cleaner. The problem I have is that the big black bar behind the two lumps the two together into one weird single thing. I think they would be easier to evaluate if presented more like this: http://i.imgur.com/KrRl6.gif . After several years of TextMate, I recently switched to Sublime Text ( http://www.sublimetext.com/ ). It's more or less TextMate 2: same philosophy and aesthetic, same bundles, much better performance, split panes, lots of nice features. Sublime makes we want to write and code more. I'm on the Traceur team, but I don't speak for all of us (or Google). Personally, I think macros would be really cool, but they're a challenge in a language that isn't homoiconic, has both statements and expressions, and a pretty complex grammar. I don't know if it would be possible to design a general purpose macro system within those limitations that was usable by mere mortals. I see macros as being useful for two things: 1) DSL-type "make my own inner language" stuff, and 2) conditional evaluation. JS is already pretty syntactically flexible, especially with object literals, so that covers some of (1). JS already has closures, so if we can get a nicer function literal syntax, that makes it tolerable to do (2) just by passing functions around (and it's more explicit, which is good to some people). The naming here comes from Mozilla's earlier implementation ( https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript/Guide/Iterators_... ). Personally, I would have preferred iterate(). Traceur doesn't use the same Python-style semantics as Mozilla does: it doesn't throw an error to stop iteration. Instead, it's closer to Java or C# where moveNext() returns false if the iterator is done. Traceur dev here. It's on the to-do list. We've been mostly focused on stuff that's either approved for Harmony (modules, spread, etc.) or that we think will need a lot of iteration (classes, traits). I'm personally really keen on a better function syntax (especially a single-expression-body one). If you look at the actual fixes gofix provides, most of them are to paper over a lack of language features. In particular, if Go supported function overloading, they probably wouldn't need gofix at all. It's pretty to make version one of your language's libraries clean and simple. The real challenge is how they hold up over time and the needs of evolution. Go's philosophy seems to be: 1. Simplicity matters more than compatibility. 2. Assume all extant Go code is easily mutable. The purist in me finds that appealing, but I'm not sure how that will hold up over the long term. The language seems intentionally designed to not evolve which doesn't seem like a good way to stay useful for real people for a long time. Maybe I'm wrong and everything will work out, but I wonder if several years from now, Go will just fall over from its inflexibility and become unusable. Wow. Your code is a joy to read. Really clean and well-laid-out. The author is aware of that, but you have to remember to use "with". If you forget to use it, you can still have unclaimed resources. That just pushes the problem around. You don't have to worry about forgetting to catch an exception, you have to worry about ignoring an error code. Your revision doesn't handle non-English uppercase characters. Character.isUpperCase() does. I'm a Googler. I found the hiring process exhausting, but I felt it was thorough and fair. My recruiter did a fantastic job of walking me through the process and letting me know what was going on. I'm sure Google has made lots of mistakes hiring people, but there's always a bias towards complaint. Most people don't have the energy to type up a "everything went fine" reply. > They remain essential tools for many programmers and system administrators. So maybe TermKit isn't the app for them. > However, it must be fully backwards compatible with the full unix toolchain to be useful. "Must"? If this app does something useful for you, great. If not, that's fine too. Every app doesn't need to be used by every person. > "The index" would just be a list of key/values. The key would be a URL, and the value would be the content located at that URL. They have that index already. It's called "the internet". If you're storing the entire page content, that's not really much of an "index". > it would be stupid store such a rich data set in such a dumb, information-losing format. Discarding information is the entire purpose of indexing and doing things like map-reduce (emphasis on the reduce!): you discard worthless information so that the stuff you care about is of a manageable size. The reason Google serves up search results quickly is because it carefully controls the data it has to wade through. Adding more data doesn't make it smarter, it makes it slower. I've actually gotten Eclipse into a fairly clean state: http://i.imgur.com/ln2N8.png Most of the clutter is gone, but all of the nice IDE features (refactoring, immediate error detection, etc.) are still there. It's a nice way to work. No, you can be staff and not have direct reports if you just want to code. Some staff engineers do manage but it isn't a requirement. There's a separate job title track for non-coding pure managers. Got any public code? I'd like to see examples of non-class-style JS code. Traits aren't incompatible with classes at all. In fact, Tom van Cutsem, the author of traits.js worked on the class proposal that's going into Harmony. Aside from the simplicity argument, I didn't see anything in Markus's presentation that showed an advantage of prototypes. His point example is cloning a point and then immediately replacing all of the state, so there's nothing there that classes couldn't do (in less code). Your gist (especially the color point) is an example of using prototypes in a way that's hard with classes. Fortunately, adding classes to JS won't hurt that at all. You could just as easily do: class Point { constructor(x, y) { public x = x; public y = y; } add(other) { return new Point(this.x + other.x, this.y + other.y); } } let p1 = new Point(0, 0); let p2 = p1.clone({ color: '#green', toString: function() { return this.color + ': ' + uber(this).toString(); }, }) In other words, adding classes to JS won't take away anything already there. It just gets a really common pattern and makes it much less verbose. The idea is to pave the common path of class-like inheritance, but not to build a fence around it to keep you in. That seems a bit stateful. For every project you'd have to remember the set of people who've removed themselves. What if a person later removes themselves and then changes their minds? Maybe a simpler solution is: you can't add people, you can just send them an invite. The person can then choose to accept the invite or not. Maybe "professional/amateur" isn't the right dichotomy here. I think it's more accurate to describe it as "peer/tiered". In Facebook/MySpace/SO users are all at the same level and communicate roughly as equals. In most Apple products, there are a small number of special broadcasters (creators) and a large number of receivers (consumers). > Say I use module Dates that extends String, and module Inflections that does the same, as I want to use String#weeks and String#pluralize. But both redefine String#singular. If you do an unqualified import (i.e. import everything from both modules), that will be an error (well, it should be, I still need to implement this). If you just need #weeks and #pluralize, you can import just those: import Dates weeks import Inflections pluralize If those two methods internally call singular, that will still be OK. If you actually need access to both versions of singular, you can rename on import: import Dates singular = Dates.singular import Inflections singular = Inflections.singular > If I import Dates, and then import Texts as I want to use String#stemmed_terms which in turn uses Inflections? That's OK since imports aren't transitive. If you import Texts, you'll just get what it exports not what it itself imports and uses. > If I import two modules defining a same method with different signature does everything work fine? ...Maybe. This is probably the trickiest corner case of the language. If both of those modules share some import where that method is defined, then they will be defining specializations of the same multimethod and everything is fine. If those two modules are totally unrelated, then those are different multimethods entirely and you can't "merge" them when you import both. For example, io defines an "open" multimethod. Let's say your module Doors also defines "open". In your App module, you want to import both. If Doors happens to import io, then its "open" is a specialization of that one, and App will be fine when it imports them both. If not, those are two different multimethods and you'll need to rename one when you import. One way to look at it is that a multimethod is a bit like a virtual method (but not tied to a specific class). You can have a bunch of methods with the same name in the same module as long as they're all overriding the same base virtual method. > I would expect that dispatching on my object should still invoke my method, but weeks is always referring to its own, I understand. Correct. But if singular itself was publicly exported by Dates, when you defined your own specializations of it in your module, they will go into the same multimethod that Dates is using. The big limitation here is that you can't replace the version that Dates has specialized on String by specializing on the same type. The way this works is that when you import a multimethod from another module, you're importing the exact same multimethod object that that module is using. If you then define your own specializations, the original module can see them too. This is necessary to make overriding work at all, though it's a bit confusing in some ways. Honestly, I feel like I'm still trying to wrap my head around it too. It's what C# uses too. Seems to work well. > Where is the fun and easy intro to BioChem course so that we can entice more people to become doctors? We have that: every medical drama on TV, Patch Adams, Awakenings, etc. Not to mention the massive cultural esteem associated with the medical profession. > How about an "Intro to Medicine" where we do fun stuff like play Operation and dress up in scrubs? Playing Operation and dressing up in scrubs is intro to medicine. By the time you're in high school, you have a mental image of what a doctor does and roughly what the job entails. Most people on Earth have zero concept of what programmers do. I've had family members literally ask me if I type ones and zeroes all day. (A: yes . You should have seen their eyes.) People know that we sit in front of a computer. Beyond that... nothing. They don't have any of what's on screen much less what's in our heads. With mathematicians people at least think about whiteboards and equations. So, yeah, I don't see any harm in a little "Hey, here's a fun intro to what programming is." Wow, seriously great comment. Smalltalk is exactly how you find out what the other party's preferred communication style is. People don't give a shit about the weather. They talk about it because it's a convenient substrate to see how a person interacts. Are they terse? Long-winded? Sad? Happy? What kind of accent to they have? Do they seem busy? Sycophantic Search. Penny Arcade has PAX ( http://prime.paxsite.com/ ) and merch ( http://store.penny-arcade.com/ ) to help them out. Also, giant heapings of goodwill. People love them. > How many languages could survive 15 years without change and still remain relevant? And not only relevant, but expand their influence? I can think of one other, and for the same reason: make . Both languages are still around because it's near impossible to replace them, no matter how much they may suck. They aren't timeless, they're calcified by being a part of some infrastructure that exists on millions of machines. There's some good advice in there, but mixed in with lots of not-so-good advice, errors, or overly broad claims: - "The classic typographic scale ... relies on the notion that these sizes, when used together, look pleasing to the eye." The typographic scale has a fixed set of sizes because fonts used to be physical. Having a 71pt font would be a whole new box of lead. - "I generally take the largest font I want to use and the smallest font I want to use, and place the headers into that scale at even measures." For something like scale, a geometric progression makes more sense so that relative sizes are at even proportion (say each is smaller than the previous by 15%) then a linear progression of sizes. The difference between 72pt and 70pt is unnoticeable. The difference between 10pt and 8pt is huge. - "One way is to adjust the kerning and tracking settings in your design program." Another way, not mentioned, is to just choose a different weight. - The "stroke width should be as even and consistent as possible" It says Georgia has a more even width than Krungthep, which is visibly not the case. Some stroke variation seems to aid readability but too much (like modern serif faces) harms it. - "Georgia features a larger x-height than Tekton Pro." That isn't Tekton. WTF. > If his version is 15x faster than the original Go version, that would make it about twice as fast as the super-optimized C++ version from the paper The article you just (sort of) read explicitly states that it's not much faster than the C++ version because the C++ version lacked many of the optimizations they did in the article. To make a fair comparison, they applied those same optimizations to the C++ one code and got similar performance: Of course, it's no longer fair to compare this Go program to the original C++ program, which used inefficient data structures like sets where vectors would be more appropriate. As a sanity check, we translated the final Go program into equivalent C++ code. Its execution time is similar to the Go program's. A friend can be in multiple circles. > imagine a jerk that noone loves intruding all the hangouts. but everybody too polite/dependant to unfriend When you enter your hangout, you specify what circle(s) see the announcement. So just make a "Everyone but Jerk" circle and post to that. He'll think you're never in your hangout. > First to market is hard to break. Tell that to friendster. Er, myspace. That depends on your definition of "follow". You can choose to add someone to your circle without them reciprocating. In that sense, you are following them. However, they choose which of their circles see the things they post. So you can follow whomever you want, but the people you follow may not necessarily broadcast to you if you do so. Interestingly, they do make toothpaste and deodorant, but under different brands: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henkel I asked Rob Pike why they didn't add pattern-matching given that it already has multiple returns and some other baby steps in that direction. His response was, "We considered it, but it turned out to be too much work in the compiler." That was a huge WTF to me. Isn't your job as a language designer to do that work so that I, the language user , don't have to? > Women specialize in the narrow sphere of intimate relationships. Men specialize in the larger group. If you make a list of activities that are done in large groups, you are likely to have a list of things that men do and enjoy more than women: team sports, politics, large corporations, economic networks, and so forth. ...open source? I'm pretty low on the Google totem pole and I managed to get off a project that wanted me dearly because it didn't interest me. None of that nullifies the direct value those products provide. If self driving cars mean I check my mail on the way to work and see more ads, it's still a self-driving car . I don't see the problem in staring at a couple of electronic billboards if I can live in the future (and not have to stare at real billboards whizzing past me, for that matter). > It only takes one moment where your entire family almost dies because of a truck driver to jade your opinion of all of them How is that statement any different than "it only takes one moment where your entire family almost dies because of a woman driver to jade your opinion of all of them" or "because of a white driver" or "because of an old driver"? Examples include cd, calling it with no arguments returns you to the home directory. How did I never know that before? > Anybody can friend you and it will be shown across all Google pages, even search. I've been friended by multiple online media sociopaths through my friends. I don't see how that leads to spam. Friendship isn't symmetric in G+. Media sociopaths can follow me all they want. If I don't follow them back, I don't see a word they write in my stream. > what node.js is doing with javascript How is node.js innovating in the language space? > making you rethink your async patterns. Call me crazy, but I don't consider forcing users to manually transform their code into hard-to-read continuation passing form much of a language innovation. > node.js created a new world to work with JS, making it more powerful. Sure, it gave it a new environment to run in, but it didn't make the language any more powerful than applets made Java the language more innovative. Just to play devil's advocate, here's what that example would look like with exceptions and something like `using()` in C# (here, any curly block can implicitly be treated like a try block, like in Ruby): package main import ( "io" "log" "os" ) func cat(name string) { using (f := os.Open(name)) { io.Copy(os.Stdout, f) } } func main() { for _, arg := range os.Args[1:] { cat(arg); } catch (err os.Error) { log.Print(err) } } "I'm done apologizing for that, I've made up for it in spades on standards work, and it's a fact I cannot recall and rewrite." Wouldn't it be fair then to at least give Google the chance to do that standards work with Dart after it's released before labeling the company anti-open? How early should a language be announced? It's certainly not cool to drop it on the world when it's done and baked , solicit zero feedback, and then demand the rest of the world implement it. But it's also not cool to toss out some vaporware spec with no implementation and no empirical evidence that the language is any good. Most rules of grammar are wonderful, unless you enjoy trying to extract meaning from sentences like, "their works by makes enjoyable everyone has style, which own what authors reading different writing". The "rule" about dangling prepositions isn't much of a rule at all. Most grammarians shun it and it's never been followed widely in prose and certainly not in speech. One related rule that is worth following is: "don't end a sentence with a preposition if removing it wouldn't change the meaning of the sentence." For example, "where are you at" should be "where are you" since the "at" adds no meaning (unless you want to convey a colloquial voice). > You can't simultaneously have an invite system and a huge marketing push. What huge marketing push? All Google did was post a blog about it and send out some invites. TextMate 2 is the perfect , yet heartbreaking example of Brook's Second-system effect. It's painful seeing an otherwise successful developer get so completely sucked into it. > However, the complexity of software is almost entirely generated by human ineptitude. Human ineptitude is a part of our physical environment. We're just animals. Clever ones, but not perfect. The language isn't done yet. Now is the time to let us know if you want semicolons to go away. I know some of us on the team do too, but public interest will help a lot. Not perfect, but I prefer that over: document.querySelector('#menu').appendChild(sliderMenu.node); If you have suggestions for improvement, please do pass them along. > var greeter = new Greeter() Well, it's hard to get that much better than that. > Plus there are classes, interfaces... It's just Java? Java didn't invent classes. It certainly looks a lot like Java, but it's more Smalltalk under the hood. I've been very pleasantly surprised at how open to feedback Lars, Kasper, and the gang have been with Dart. One of my big concerns joining the team was that it would be like Go which seems like a locked castle. So far, it's been much better than I expected. I like everything you propose here. Dart is earlier in development than I think most people realize, and I really hope we can get to something like what you're listing. Definitely self-hosting and a self-hosted IDE would be on my love-to-have list. As a testing nerd, integrating testing would definitely be on it too. We have a rudimentary unit test framework [1] that we've been using for the samples, though we're still playing with different styles. Personally, I'm fond of the Jasmine-inspired stuff I tried to slap together here [2]. This is of course different from the testing infrastructure for the language itself, which is its own thing. [1] https://code.google.com/p/dart/source/browse/branches/bleeding_edge/dart/#dart%2Fclient%2Ftesting%2Funittest [2] https://code.google.com/p/dart/source/browse/branches/bleeding_edge/dart/client/tests/client/view/ViewTests.dart That's not true. Go, Python, Ruby and Scala all have optional semicolons without insanity. It's just that JavaScript's specific semantics for semicolon insertion (instead of newline elision!) are batshit crazy. > there, no need for `new`. Agreed. I didn't say you couldn't get better at all, just not much better. I'd personally be in favor of ditching new (or conversely making it a method on the class). > The speed and wide-spread use of Smalltalk with the regularity, flexibility and terseness of Java's syntax? Oh, you. You may be right. Making a new language is crazy, especially if you're aiming for widespread adoption. Still, you have to try, right? Dart is definitely more terse and more flexible than Java. Maybe not perfect, but it's heading in the right direction. Dart is no DSL-friendly beauty like Ruby, but I think: var odds = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5].filter((i) => i % 2 == 1); is pretty tolerable without being novel enough to scare people that have never programmed outside of a curly brace language. Type inference is a tooling feature, not a language feature for Dart. The tools can do some type inference now, and more may be added later. At the very least, I personally really hope we get fully inferred local variables. We had a separate jQuery-like lib that we wrote in Dart for a while before we figured, "why not just make the main DOM API better"? So this stuff: document.query('#menu').nodes.add(sliderMenu.node); Is a reflection of that. The ".node" part after sliderMenu will go away at some point. Our DOM lib doesn't currently work like jQuery's "collection-that-acts-like-an-object" style because we're worried about performance. Keep in mind that you can always ditch jQuery and go straight to the DOM if jQuery is too slow. If jQuery was the only way, you'd lose your fast path. So we've tried to come up with a DOM API that's easier to use, but still performant. If you've got ideas for how we can improve it, we'd definitely like to hear them. > It means that the generated JS uses modern JS features. I believe it compiles to ES 3, which is isn't exactly "modern JS features". IE6 is ten years old . At some point, you've gotta cut the cord! > AFAICT no type inference. Not yet. > No destructuring either. There's a proposal floating around for pattern-matching that would address that too. This is still early days for the language, so there's a lot left to be done. > Please try and hire people like Oleg Kiselyov, Simon Marlow, Erik Meijer All brilliant people, but you have to remember that not everyone thinks types are all that matters. I like type systems, but the majority of the world's shipped code was written in languages with unsound type systems. The misc mailing list is the (strangely named) main one: https://groups.google.com/a/dartlang.org/group/misc/topics . Join and fire away. > I'm not too keen on using underscore-starting identifiers to determine what is public and what is private. That's also been discussed. It has more going for it than may be at first apparent, but it has detractors too. > The Dart code in the examples is full of semicolons, that makes it an "optional semicolons language" Well of course they do because semicolons are currently required, but that says nothing about its relationship to JavaScript's inane semicolon insertion semantics, and I'm pretty sure you're smart enough to know that. All Dart needs to do is: 1. Treat both newlines and semicolons as the same kind of token (call it whichever you like). 2. Pick an elision strategy. Go's or Python's work fine. 3. Remove all of the ";" from your source files. No crazy JavaScript "rewind the parse and try again" insanity. Sometimes you care about the types, sometimes you don't. We are definitely trying to improve the DOM API with Dart, but, for performance reasons, ditching the DOM and starting over from scratch in Canvas doesn't really fly, at least not in the short term. Good idea. At some point, we'll probably harvest a bunch of this and put together a FAQ. > "Surprise! I was really SmallTalk all along!" Self, actually. Dart is closer to Smalltalk in Java's clothing. > maybe they will figure out a way to exclude parts of it which are not needed This is called "tree-shaking", is fairly standard, and is on the to-do list. I believe it does some now, but I think more is coming. Thanks! Dart's type annotations in a lot of ways are inspired by Closure. The big difference is that Closure Compiler style JS is... well... hideous. You get some of the maintainability and modularity of a statically typed language (I can't count the number of times the Closure Compiler found errors for me), but the way you have to write JavaScript to get that makes it incredibly ugly. > you've just left the limits the GUI imposes for a CLI environment Not all macro and automation systems are text-based. Automator and Photoshop actions both let you create user-defined behavior by combining primitives while still taking advantage of the discoverability and spatial layout of a GUI. "To play the game, you put currency into the machine. You then pull the knob and wait for the result. When the result is presented, you are rewarded with a cacophony of exciting sounds, attention-grabbing images, and some form of currency. Often times, this winning helps you progress towards a larger goal. You also have the opportunity with each play to win a rare prize of significantly higher value than the value of the currency you contributed to play the game." A while back when I was working on a roguelike (i.e. dungeon crawl RPG) I stumbled onto the same realization: assured incremental improvement + random chance for something awesome = addictive gameplay. This is how almost every RPG works at its core: every battle ends with a little guaranteed experience and gold plus a small random chance of an awesome loot drop. > Do you not remember the nightmare of FONT tags? Yes, but that's simply a failure from having no ability to define abstractions. Separating form/design/layout from content is one possible abstraction boundary, but it's just one arbitrary one, so it's kind of strange that they tried to bake it into the platform instead of making it easier to define whatever abstractions are meaningful for you. GitX supports that. I mainly use the command line for working with git, but I use GitX for committing because it has a great UI for seeing diffs and staging individual chunks. > Similar to developing in GWT, I doubt the JS will really be looked by the developers at once Dart's compiler is optimized more. Readable, debuggable JS is a high priority for Dart's Dart->JS compiler. Closure compiler doesn't just compile vanilla JS. It supports type annotations in comments and will use those to generate code. It's type system supports classes and interfaces. The Closure library has support for class-style inheritance. Programming in Closure-style JS feels like you're using an optionally-typed class-based language, just one with really terrible syntax. > But you will need to carefully educate coders about that, since relying on overflow is common in popular languages like C and C++. This is something we're aware of and we know we need to be extra clear and loud about it. > Also, integer overflow is not the only case where this problem arises. As far as I know, bigints are the only place where the VM and the generated JS intentionally differ in behavior. We are trying very hard to keep the two in sync. > It also happens with say division of an integer. Will Dart compiled code in JS add proper rounding correction to all divisions of integers? Dart has two division operators (~/ and /) to handle this. The former rounds (truncates? I'm not sure) and the latter does floating point division. So it's always the operation that determines the type of the result, and not the type of the operands. > Overall, it seems much simpler and safer to just correct overflows in the compiled code. Simpler: yes. Safer: yes. Unfortunately, it's also much slower. Rolling your own numeric type in JS means slower behavior when you have overflowed and slow behavior even when you haven't. If you're generating code for "a + b", you can't compile that to "a + b" in JS because you need to check for overflow and handle the fact that a or b could be bignums. We really want the compiled JS to behave the same as native code, but if it's significantly slower, people just won't use it at all. It's an unfortunate trade-off. > In particular, when you're done, make a list of all the primitives you needed to employ in order to do it. There's a deep insight at the end of this process. (No, I'm not going to tell you what it is.) Having done this before ( https://github.com/munificent/lark ), all it meant for me was that numbers and basic integer arithmetic became primitive. The clever bit about McCarthy's original metacircular interpreter is that it didn't need any types at all beyond atoms and cons cells: no bools, no ints, no nothing. I found it interesting, but I don't know if I reached any deep insight. Maybe that's just me, or maybe I missed something. > So if a module "foo" was tested against and depends on "baz@0.1.x" and a module "bar" depends on "baz@0.2.x", then when you go to use both "foo" and "bar" in your own program, "foo" and "bar" will both use the version of "baz" that they were tested and depend against! That sounds like a recipe for disaster if I get an object from "bar" that came from "baz@0.2.x" and try to give it to "foo" which then gives it to "baz@0.1.x". I'm suspicious of silver bullets in general and I'm deeply suspicious of any silver bullet that claims to slay version hell. Versioning is hard. > it's mostly strange that nobody else has it For what it's worth, we're working on adding it to Dart. I don't think it's a done deal yet, but I believe we're close to having something finalized. > webapps Mostly interesting because of their content and what they do with it on the server. > games You've got to be kidding me. There is nothing technically interesting in any web game I've ever seen. > social networking Again, has nothing to do with interesting client-side technical challenges and everything to do with the content and community. > You're talking language syntax. Don't forget the semantics too. > IMO Google chose to design Dart with curly braces. I don't think minification was a concern. Familiarity was: the world's most popular languages are curly-based so adopting that makes the language easier to learn for millions of coders. For what it's worth, I saw the title on HN, then saw that it was a link to your githublogthing and guessed "aw, he's going to be cheeky and turn it around in the post by interpreting it literally." So I thought the title was clever. > However no one writing a JS library is going to ask the consumer to extend one of their objects. Uh, if you're using the Closure libraries, you very likely are extending goog.Control or goog.Component. I don't know dojo, but from my brief perusal of the docs it looks like you do the same thing with dojo.declare. YUI seems to do the same with Widget. I'm not aware of a UI framework in JS that doesn't use inheritance from outside the library. I'm not sure if you're a fan of Dart or not, but it has nine of those now (classes, types, modules, generics, actors, properties, interfaces, abstract classes, and tooling) and more on the way. Might be worth giving it a try. > I could take a day long course in marketing and speak like a marketing exec..so what? Because if your job entails speaking to marketing execs, now you'll be more qualified to do so. Likewise, if a crash course in coding gives you a better ability to talk to the programmers you work with, that seems like time well spent to me. Dijkstra could be an asshat sometimes. BASIC is great because it teaches you that a computer can be made to do neat things by following a series of tiny instructions. It gives you that without you having to understand lexical scope, which is, I think, pretty hard to grasp for new users. Sure, every user will outgrow it, but that's fine . Tricycles are a shitty way to drive to work, but that doesn't mean you should just put your toddler behind the wheel of your car and let him go. > They send the sourcecode from the server to the client there is no time for a fully optimizing compiler. The solution that the Dart VM and other JS VMs to is to compile twice: you do a very fast simple compile so that you can start executing code quickly and reduce start-up time. Then you find frequently-used functions and recompile them using a more advanced optimizing compiler. This is why many modern VMs have a "warm-up" period: code will get faster over time as it gets recompiled more optimally. I'm one of the two people who wrote the article in question. Thanks for this response. This is much closer to what we were trying to express than the impression that many people (including Nutter) seem to have gotten out of it. It's reassuring that at least some readers were able to make sense of the general points we wanted to convey. > The position of Dart guys is simple: by compiling an arbitrary language (Dart in this case) to x86 (or whatever native arch the browser is running on) they can get a much faster code than compiling to an abstract VM, like JVM or .NET or parrot. Not just that, but that's is much simpler and easier to do so. It may be possible to get just as fast with a public intermediate bytecode format, but the amount of work required would be much much greater. Given how much effort it already takes to create a new language and all of the surrounding infrastructure (we're designing the language, iterating on it, writing a spec, building a VM, writing compilers, filling out the core library, writing tools, editors, documenting, evangelizing, etc.), anything we can do to minimize effort is a good idea. My understanding was that the prime original motivation for unchecked mode was indeed performance. As our Dart implementations are getting more mature, we're starting to get a better picture of how it does actually impact performance. I think what we're starting to see is that the performance implications aren't that bad. Given that, I think we're focusing less and less on production mode. It's still a valid option and it may make sense for some users but it may not be commonly used, sort of like -Ofast in gcc. C#: public static class EnumerableExtensions { public static IEnumerable FilterMap (this IEnumerable list, Func > callback) { ... } } There are some methods that need to be part of the class and carried around with the instance so that things like polymorphism work. But many operations work perfectly fine without. By making those lexically scoped, you avoid the problems of monkey-patching and method collisions. Extension methods are fantastic for this. Also, for kicks, Magpie: def (items) filterMap(callback) var result = [] for item in items do match callback(item) case true, mapped then items add(mapped) else nothing end end result end var result = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6] filterMap with if it % 2 == 0 then (true, it * 2) end print(result) // 4, 8, 12 Magpie is dynamically-typed, but methods are lexically-scoped (and are multimethods). > In order to have a language with return (and possibly super and other similar keywords) that satisfies the correspondence principle, the language must, like Ruby and Smalltalk before it, have a function lambda and a block lambda. Keywords like return always return from the function lambda, even inside of block lambdas nested inside. In case you want to get your google/wikipedia on, what Katz is talking about here is a "non-local return". Normal returns return from the immediately enclosing (i.e. local) lambda/fn/block/thing. Non-local ones unwind past multiple enclosing functions to cause an outer one to return. In Smalltalk, the distinction is between methods and blocks. A return expression always returns from the enclosing method and will unwind past any blocks that the return expression is contained in. In Common Lisp, I believe you name functions and then indicate the name of the enclosing function that you want to return from by doing `(return-from 3)`. I thought non-local returns were a bit impure and kind of a weird language novelty for a while. Recently, I added them to a hobby language of mine (Finch) and then wrote some code that uses them. Holy crap are they awesome. Being able to early return is, I think, one of the things that's really handy about imperative languages. I use it all the time in my code. But that cripples your ability to define your own flow-control-like structures that take functions. For example, here's some code that sees if an array contains a given item using a for loop: function contains(array, seek) { for (var i = 0; i Let's say you don't like doing an explicit C-style loop and you want to make your own forEach() control-flow-like function: function forEach(array, callback) { for (var i = 0; i Now we try to refactor `contains` to use it: function contains(array, seek) { forEach(array, function(item) { if (item == seek) return true; }); return false; } Crap, that doesn't work. There's no easy way to make `forEach()` stop early unless you go out of your way to make it support that by having the callback return some magic sentinel value. Or you do something hideous like throw a "return" exception. Non-local returns solve this neatly and end up being pretty delightful to use in practice. > either you implement them partially and have gaps in your semantics so that returning from a function whose stack frame is no longer active raises an exception Exactly right. That's the one nasty corner case I know of. I don't know how often it comes up in practice. I believe Ruby handles it by trying to make blocks not-very-first-class so that it's hard to capture one and have its extent outlast the outer stack frames. Also, Lisp has (return-from) which lets you do a non-local return by specifying which enclosing function to return from by name. > What if you created a declarative language which allows you to override the algorithms in a functional/imperative? We have that. They're called libraries. If I need to sort a collection, I don't write an imperative chunk of code, I just do: sort(myCollection) Looks pretty declarative to me. > I'm guessing that the only reason CoffeeScript embraces Javascript is for debugging. The other reason is to avoid code bloat. Adding your own runtime library adds a lot of (generated) JS that has to be pushed down to the client. This is something we're constantly fending with in Dart. Dart does have a runtime library (including a different DOM API!) and managing that without generating enormous amounts of JS is tricky. We're getting pretty good at dead code stripping, but doing that isn't easy. Without type annotations, it would be even harder. > I have a friend that says if I can't do my job without medication, I'm in the wrong profession. I hate that line of reasoning. I couldn't do my job without glasses. Does that mean I'm in the wrong profession? > Having to do the #ifndef/#define/#endif dance in every header file I write I'm just using "#pragma once" in my current hobby C++ project. I understand pragmas are living in sin, but is there any reason I shouldn't use them? > why the heck would anyone develop a website that loads that many elements all at once? I just opened my G+ page and count 50+ user thumbnails. Many modern social websites have lots and lots of small unique user-specific images. /me joins. I'm trying to figure out how a language which features reified generics, covariance and contravariance, lambdas, expressions-as-data, type inference, both static and dynamic types, reflection, and anonymous types could be considered by anyone as "catering to novices" or "coddling" you. Say what you want about MS, but C# is an incredibly powerful and expressive language. Oh, God, it's like Pinterest but you can spend money on it. Please, no one tell my wife about this. > But it does highlight the key failing of for loops: they conflate three separate kinds of operations -- filtering, reduction and transformation. Unsurprising for a Haskeller, but he forgot the fourth and likely most common use of for loops: iterative code that has side effects. If you want a language that compiles to JS and has more compile-time checking, I'd encourage you to check out Dart. It's not everyone's cup of tea, but if you don't mind semicolons and curly braces, it gives you a pretty decent amount of compile time checking while still generating nice JS. kristianc was like, "It's not necessarily the most elegant use of language, but it's not a pause or a tick.", but that's not, like, the only use of "like" in American vernacular. It's also used to pause, or to, like, distance yourself from what you're saying. Anyone familiar with your story (at Google and, as you know, there are many of us who are) knows how totally skewed your perception is. I'm familiar with michaelochurch's story (at least as much as your average Googler is, I assume) and I second what cletus is saying here. This is very cool, though I personally find postfix flow control confusing to read. The postfix loop with destructuring is especially odd to me. As I read left to right, I see variables that don't exist "yet" until I get to the later loop clause. This is probably just a familiarity thing and I would get used to it, but compared to all of the other changes in the video which I think are pretty clean that stood out to me as a bit... iffy? > 1) Prototypical inheritance is different from classical inheritance. This may be true, but JavaScript's flavor of prototypal inheritance is much closer to classical than it is to pure Self-style prototype delegation. In Self, you make new instances by taking an existing object and cloning it. That creates a new object that delegates directly to the one you clone from. In a class-based language, you make new instances by invoking a constructor, which is often a method on some other object that represents the class. That creates a new instance which shares a set of methods that all other objects created from that constructor share. Which of those sounds more like JS? JS by virtue of having constructors and `prototype` already is 90% of the way to being class-based. It just lacks the syntax to make that pleasant to work with. > making it be more like Java And Smalltalk, Simula, C++, Ada, Common Lisp, Objective-C, Delphi, Visual BASIC, C#, Dylan, PHP, Python, Ruby, ActionScript, Scala, OCaml, F#, and CoffeeScript. "An interesting startup idea might be providing some kind of financing for higher quality goods." That's basically what layaway was. Now, that's what credit cards do. I use git because of github, and not vice versa. > never seem to be able to point to any company (in the current generation) that achieved massive success by starting in a fast language? Didn't Google start in C++? > Is that the norm or do people still interview candidates using, say C or Java, for Ruby/Python/JS positions? When I interviewed at Google, they let me pick the language. I did some C++, some Java, and C#. As long as both you and the interviewer can understand it, they don't care about the language. They want to maximize your comfort. When I got hired, I ended up doing JS full-time. Google assumes you can pick up a new language. > I can't help but feel that these people will someday look back and have great pictures of these events but no memory of them. Their phone is their memory of it. We are outsourcing part of our brain to our devices. This is lamentable, but probably inevitable. AdWords, AdSense, Flights, Hotel Finder, Offers, Wallet, The New Blogger, Chrome Webstore, Product Search, Public Data, New Google Groups, Orkut, Google Takeout, Google Pagespeed, Google WebFonts, Google Tables, Google Health (discontinued), Google Wave (discontinued), PlayN (basis of Angry Birds) http://gwtreferencelist.appspot.com/#AboutPlace : > You don't need a static type system to make sure that your functions are sane and consistent, and you don't have to be John Resig either. Right, and you can do structured programming in assembly. But when the language or tools don't help you do that, there are examples like the one the author points out where developers don't. Don't mistake utility (what can be done) for usability (what is easy to do). Usability always matters. > First of all, put a comment at the top of your function that says what to expect about the return value. I want a language that gives me a nice pleasant syntax for doing that. > Secondly, every time you write the word "return", look up at the top of your function and make sure you are in accordance with what you said the function would do. As a programmer, you should be trained that when you see "every time", you think "automate this". If you and everyone on your team and everyone who has ever been on your team has to remember to do something every single time, your code will accumulate a pile of instances of forgetting. Fixing that is exactly what tools and languages are for. It's a hell of a lot easier to make a disciplined tool than a more disciplined programmer. (And when you have made a more disciplined programmer, they typically evidence that by asking for more disciplined tools.) Here's a little story for you, as a birthday present. About four years ago, I was a game programmer at EA in Florida. I liked games, but I was burned out on EA, and on coding in general. I didn't feel like I was learning anything, and the people around me didn't seem enthusiastic about coding. My formerly exciting job was a grind. Around that time, I stumbled onto this weird site called "reddit". There, I found all these articles where people were blogging about how awesome coding was. They were excited about programming languages, and techniques and just generally seeing how far they could push being a coder. Moreso, the comment threads were filled with super smart people having these amazing discussions around the articles (and also some puns). One of the blogs, and one of the commenters who always stood out for me as being thoughtful, positive, and an excellent writer was this "raganwald" character. With him and the rest of the reddit community, I felt like I had found My People, and it completely reignited my love of programming, programming languages, and writing. I got more into programming languages, started blogging, and started coding a lot more in my free time. While I wasn't learning much at work, I was learning a ton of new stuff about interpreters, compilers, algorithms, data structures, and just about everything I could glean from blog posts, wikipedia articles and journal papers that weren't behind academic paywalls. My blogging led to me getting a book deal (which alas I had to back out on because of the time commitment). All this stuff about data structures and algorithms was enough to get me out of Florida and past Google's fiery hiring gauntlet, and my newfound interest in programming languages landed me my absolute dream project. So now I'm here in a city I adore, at a job I love, on a project that I'm excited to be on every single day. And, in a strange way, you helped make it happen. Thanks, and happy birthday. > declaring the return type doesn't tell users anywhere near all they need to know in many cases. It doesn't declare all they need to know, but it covers a good fraction of it. As a really nice bonus, it's machine checkable. > And since you can't usefully discuss the return value without implicitly disclosing its type in the comments I don't seem to have this problem. I have lots of comments that are like: // Copies [from] to [to]. copyFile(File from, String to) { ... } Note that the comment didn't redundantly point out that "from" is a File and "to" is a String. > But I don't think I have personally ever actually run into a bug in a dynamically typed language that would have been avoided by a static type system. I actually get to perform this experiment all the time . I work on Dart. Dart has fully dynamically-typed runtime semantics, but also an optional static type checker that the Dart Editor uses to give you static warnings. Up until recently, I've mostly write my code in a plain text editor. I do write type annotations, but I get no static checking whatsoever. They're basically comments. Now that I'm using the Editor more, I can open up codebases I've written that were blind to static type checking and see what kinds of warnings it finds. I get some false positives (i.e. the bug is in the type annotation, not the code), but I also find a disheartening number of legit bugs, and this is in code with good test coverage. I like dynamically-typed languages, but it turns out the static typing people aren't crazy: it really does find bugs. I wouldn't mistake an appreciation for static types with a preference for large complex IDEs or a statement of language superiority. I work mostly in a text editor in a language whose static type system is far from mandatory. > Also, you can't ignore that this is hosted by Adobe... This may be true, but it's an ad hominem attack. This is absolutely brilliant. In case anyone is wondering whether this reflects Google's current working culture, let me comment that in my experience it absolutely does not. In the office I work in, it is virtually empty at 8:00 AM and mostly empty by 7:00 PM. Most people seem to show up around 9:00 AM and leave around 6:00. On Fridays, the office mostly stops working around 5:00 PM. There is a cadre of people, typically those without families, who stay a bit later but it often seems like they stay just long enough to eat the free dinner and then head home. Those people often also show up around or after 10:00 AM. There is variation from project to project and office to office, but the work life balance seems very healthy in the offices I've seen. I have kids and a long commute, so it's important that I don't work late and I've never felt the slightest pressure to work more hours. I think as working programmers, we end up torn between two opposing perspectives with our tools (i.e. programming languages, editors, language features): On one side, there's the aesthetic of minimalism. Visualize the master Japanese calligrapher seated in an otherwise empty room, table before him. One parchment, one pot of ink, one brush. And he creates the most flawless art one could imagine. Mastery means removing all artifice, leaving only pure creation. On the other side, take a look at your average real workshop: a mechanic's garage, a woodshop, or an operating theatre. They are filled with tools. Mastery is knowing a hundred different implements, each carefully designed for one or a few uses. Mastery means having tamed a thousand tools and knowing which one is the perfect one to apply to the situation at hand. Programming languages live on a continuum between these points. Over in Zen land, you've got Scheme and Go, maybe Smalltalk and JavaScript. Over in everything-but-the-kitchen-sink territory, you've got Java, C#, Common Lisp, and C++. The first image certainly seems cooler: you as code ninja wielding vi and lambdas with deadly precision. It's the aesthetic of the artist and intellectual. The second image is blue collar, the tradesman, the kid who took shop class for four years, the vocational school graduate. If we accept the second image, that says something deep and maybe unpleasant about how we look at our work. But, honestly, I think the reality is that quality professional work often looks like the second picture. Every time I go to Home Depot and get some random tool that only does one thing (basin wrench, water heater element remover, you name it), it takes a job that would be hours of frustration and turns it into child's play, and the quality of the work is better. Simplicity is a virtue worth striving for, but I think it's also valid to want tools perfectly suited for certain tasks . The real art is balancing the two. I think Go hews to the minimal side, but I agree that it definitely aims to be practical and full-featured. The language itself is small, but not painfully tiny (unlike, say, Scheme), and the standard library is quite nice from what I've seen. The JS output that gets generated from a Dart program isn't just "dart_size * multiplier", it's "dart_size * multiplier + constant". So, when you see a tiny Dart program being compiled to a large amount of JS, that doesn't mean a large Dart program will compile to a huge amount of JS, it just means that the constant is dwarfing the multiplier. The constant is coming from the runtime library (or, more accurately, the portions of the runtime library that your program uses). That's relatively fixed so as your Dart program gets larger, the overhead of that becomes relatively smaller. The actual code-size multiplier when going from Dart -> JavaScript is actually fairly small and getting smaller over time. In some cases, we may actually compile Dart code to less JavaScript code because of things like dead code elimination and constant folding. JavaScript code size is something that we consider a core metric for dart2js and we're constantly working to reduce it. It's definitely true that you can just recalculate and redraw the entire terminal in a roguelike these days with decent performance. I've done it. However, doing that wastes CPU cycles that you can use for other fun stuff in the game. In particular, monster AI will easily soak up any cycles you want to throw at it, and the more you can, the more interesting your enemies will be. That's true of every language, though, isn't it? If you use libraries, your app gets bigger. In C#, it's up to the person defining the type to decide whether it has value/stack semantics (a struct) or not (a class). Structs have some limitations regarding constructors, and being passed by value is surprising to users used to classes. For these and other reasons, the vast majority of types are classes. So you can have on-stack or embedded objects, but they are fairly rare. In Go, the user of a type decides whether it will be used by reference (on the GC heap) or directly on the stack or embedded in an object: you can take a pointer to any type, or use the type directly. That gives the consumer of a type much greater flexibility to not create garbage if they don't want to. > I was told by the Ouya official twitter account to just "develop on another Android device", which is a very shallow answer Well, how deep of an answer were you expecting on twitter? Instead of trying to infer what the 140 character limitation suggests, maybe email them? Yes, it can, actually. Rendering graphics is slow. AI is slow. Doing either one of them inefficiently punishes the other. AI code can easily eat any free cycles you want to give it: you can always crank up your pathfinding distance or the number of turns your AI looks ahead. The problem space of a roguelike is massively larger than chess and that can certainly keep a supercomputer busy. Just in case you aren't aware, "is bad and you should feel bad" is a meme from Futurama, so the author was probably just trying to be funny. From Design Patterns (first edition): > Delegation is a way of making composition as powerful for reuse as inheritance [Lie86,JZ91]. In delegation, two objects are involved in handling a request: a receiving object delegates operations to its delegate . This is analogous to subclasses deferring requests to superclasses. But with inheritance, an inherited operation can always refer to the receiving object through the "this" member variable in C++ and "self" in Smalltalk. To achieve the same effect without delegation, the receiver passes itself to the delegate to let the delegated operation refer to the receiver. Sounds like they're perfectly clear and correct to me. As the author of the post points out the GoF don't actually show examples of delegation in the book and I don't recall them using the term much, so I don't see how they're perpetrating any misinformation here. > In JS we can assign a prototype: the equvalent of the parent slot in Self. No, .prototype is not equivalent to a parent slot in Self. It's closer to a traits object, I think. The unstandardized __proto__ property is equivalent to a parent slot in JS. > Yeah, Design Patterns showed examples in Java. And Java can’t do delegation. So is that a valid argument for rewriting the meaning of a term? Design Patterns is older than Java. Maybe later editions use it, but the original version used C++ and Smalltalk. Otherwise, good troll post, original author. I'm sure you'll get lots of traffic and people noticing your book. Well played! Clarifying the underlying concept is great. Self-style delegation gets to the heart of why "this" is dynamically bound in JavaScript, which is one of the language's most confusing features. Self-style delegation is also just generally cool and more people should know about it. At the same time, getting hung up on terminology and trying to mandate a definition that goes against current usage just because it's older is a fool's errand and doesn't help. Language is a social construct. It's very important for us to have consensus and agree on what words mean so that we can communicate efficiently. At the same time, there's nothing wrong about having definitions change over time. "Car" used to mean a two-wheeled Celtic war chariot. It wouldn't be helpful to insist that it still mean that, and it's just mean to proclaim that everyone who uses "car" to mean "automobile" is wrong and doesn't understand the idea of war chariots. > Gestures are a powerful form of communication - consider deaf signers, scuba divers, even in time sensitive operations like military and sports. In all of these examples, gestures are being used to interact with another sentient being . We use gestures to talk to people, not to tools. I think gestures are great, but I don't want to have a conversation with my computer, I want to use it. I want to feel like I'm a craftsman, and not a manager of the work I create on it. (For that same reason, I'm not enthusiastic about voice recognition either.) That being said, I probably would be excited to use gestures (and voice) for social software that was intrinsically about interacting with other people. Think multiplayer games or video chat. It's pronounced "et cetera" because that's what it's an abbreviation of. Most abbreviations (unlike acronyms) aren't verbalized in their abbreviated form. You say "versus", not "vs" when you read it. However, I do often hear Unix hackers say "et-sey" when referring to the "etc/" directory because precision is important there: the directory is not named "etcetera" so pronouncing it as such would confuse. You should check out Smalltalk blocks. They are much closer to what Ruby has than Lisp-style closures are. Source maps[1] should help with this. [1]: http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/source... > I'm not sure function level scope over block level is a bad thing. It makes it more Lisp-y. Lisp has block scope. Ironically, improving the DOM is actually something we're trying to do with Dart: http://www.dartlang.org/articles/improving-the-dom/ . Comparing JS interop in Dart and TypeScript is apples and oranges. Dart has a native virtual machine with its own garbage collector and object representation. The language itself has an entirely different object model and set of collection types. For better or worse, even Dart's number types are different from JS. Doing JS interop in Dart is like trying to do interop between the JVM and CLR. TypeScript doesn't have JS interop: it is JavaScript. TypeScript is basically JS linter with a type annotation syntax. (And a few additional local features like arrow functions and class syntax.) That being said, we know on the Dart team that JS interop is hugely important. It's just much harder for us to do. We've just announced a big step in the right direction: http://www.dartlang.org/articles/js-dart-interop/ That's because Google's initial product was CPU bound. Most web products aren't. Most of Youtube was and is written in Python. > Has anyone built something that illustrates Dart's features Take a look at: http://synonym.dartlang.org/ > or made a neat web app with it? We're getting there. People are starting to build frameworks and libraries, and there are a bunch of sample apps floating around. The language itself is still changing pretty quickly, so it's most amenable to early adopters. As things get more stable, I think we'll start to see more apps. > Can it handle graceful degradation from running in a browser which natively supports Dart to a browser which requires JS compilation? Yes. There's a canonical stub .js file that you add a script tag for on your page. That will detect whether or not the browser supports Dart and pull in either the native Dart code or the compiled-to-JS one as appropriate. With this, you can write an app that any browser can hit and it will do the right thing. It's also optimized for retina displays. Those thumbnails look incredible on a Retina MBP. Your point is definitely true. The challenge is that we don't seem to be skilled in distinguish a hammer that is better from one that is simply newer and different. Programming technology seems to be about 20% utility and 80% fashion. Sure, wearing pants is good and having pockets lets you carry more stuff. But beyond that, changing your wardrobe because cuffs are out or pleats are coming back is just changing just for fashion's sake. That isn't to say it isn't important: social signaling is a huge part of what human animals do and we can and should never disregard that part of our simian nature. But we also should try to understand when we're picking things for pragmatic versus social reasons. Whenever people think about Google doing stuff like this, they often get freaked out. Like, "OMG Google is using me for its own benefit!" Well, yes, that may be true. But the important thing to keep in mind is that you aren't losing anything here. Yes, Google may be using your GPS data to improve its maps. But that doesn't mean you are having any less fun playing the game because of it. This is, I think, one of the things that's deeply fundamental to Google's culture and really great about the company: Google is always looking for non -zero sum solutions. Where many companies think, "What's the most I can take from my customers to make us money?" Google thinks, "How can we maximize the sum of both us and our users?" Look at ads, for example. Where many sites are constantly playing, "what's the most ads I can cram into my site before people start leaving?", Google is thinking "how can we make the ads as relevant as possible so that users actually want them to be there?" C# had an easier time here, though, because it's statically typed. Extension methods rely entirely on static types and static binding. Getting normal method call syntax while still being lexically scoped like extension methods without opening the monkey-patching can of worms is still an open research area as far as I know. I know of classboxes, a proposal for something similar to ES Harmony (that they ended up passing on) and Ruby refinements, and that's pretty much it. Some users think: "foo".camelize reads better than: MyModule.camelize "foo" Websites written in Dart work just fine in any standards-compliant modern browser. You just compile it to JS the same way you do CoffeeScript. This makes sense because no widely deployed browser, not even Chrome, has the native Dart VM in it. You can download a build of Chromium with the Dart VM in it, but Chrome itself doesn't have it (though we hope it will when the time is right). Check out api.dartlang.org. If the site works for you then your browser supports Dart just fine. :) Memory use and startup time? I'm just guessing here, but I believe, if anything, Dalvik is better at those. > Is this that he doesn't want his employees to get the flu? Google already provides free on-site flu vaccines for Googlers, and vouchers for Googler family members. How about a book chapter? http://gameprogrammingpatterns.com/component.html > Do you have a steady job? A mortgage? A family? Yes, I'm a Googler. No mortgage right now but rent is pretty pricey. Yes, a wife, a toddler, a baby, two dogs, and two cats. Also a one hour commute, each way. I also have: https://github.com/munificent/ http://magpie-lang.org/ http://finch.stuffwithstuff.com/ http://journal.stuffwithstuff.com/ You'd be surprised how much you can get done if you just throw half an hour a day at it. There's something beautiful about: * Tumbler reports its outage status using twitter. * Twitter reports its outage status using tumbler. It's an investment. The first few patches from a new person will likely require so much hand-holding from the maintainers that it would have taken them less time to just write the patches themselves. As that new contributor learns the ropes, though, that cost goes does. Eventually they hit break-even where they are adding more value to the project than they cost. But that requires the person to stick around long enough to get there. There's a pretty high chance any new contributor will lose interest and go do something else. So whenever a maintainer gets a new patch from a new person, it's always an open question as to whether taking it in will ultimately be a win for the project. Unless you can predict the future, you can't tell if that investment will get amortize out and yield something useful. Do you think it would be wise to implement inner() (perhaps alongside the existing super()) for Dart? I think it would be neat, but it's very unlikely to happen. I'm not one of the language designers. Lars and Kasper are and they've both implemented BETA VMs, so they're certainly aware of inner() and decided not to go in that direction. If so, would there be a decent way to do the implementation for the compile-to-JS version, given that there's no native JavaScript way refer to things down the prototype chain instead of up? If you can statically tell your inheritance chains (i.e. at compile time you know what your superclass is), it should be pretty straightforward, I think. class A { foo() { before(); inner(); after(); } } You'd compile the above to something like: function A() {} A.prototype.foo = function() { before(); this.$A_foo_inner(); after(); } A.prototype.$A_foo_inner = function() {} And a subclass like: class B extends A { foo() { console.log('In B!'); inner(); } } Gets compiled like: function B() {} B.prototype.$A_foo_inner = function() { console.log('In B!'); this.$B_foo_inner(); } B.prototype.$B_foo_inner = function() {} I think something like that would work, but I haven't put much thought into it. The critical bit is being able to tell at compile time that the foo() in B is an override so that you know to compile it to $A_foo_inner and not just foo(). Ha, yes, you're exactly right. I'll fix that in the post. :) Dart does indeed allow you to omit "this." which is really really nice. Beautifully told too. No patronizing narration, no saccharine soundtrack, just a really amazing story. PHP is dynamically typed, Go isn't. In my language Magpie, function calls can have which ever appearance makes the most sense for the operation: prefix(arg) // for function-like things arg postfix // for "getters" arg infix(otherarg) // for method-like things It's purely a syntactic distinction. Semantically, methods are always multimethods and are not tied to any receiver class. You can freely define new methods that dispatch on existing classes. I find it works really well, though it brings in some unanticipated complexity. You'll really want multimethods or some form of argument-based polymorphism. Also, scoping get a bit more confusing if you want "overriding" to work like you expect across modules. See: http://magpie-lang.org/multimethods.html > a revisionist source control system This is now my new favorite phrase. There was an issue filed for this. One simple fix would be to have Vigil delete your .git directory when a transgression occurs. I'm working on getting Vigil to be self-hosted. There's a bit of a "who watches the watchers" problem involved. But, remember, Vigil only holds you to the oaths you yourself have sworn. If Vigil swears to punish a function, then it should be punished for failing to do so. But if it's given no oath to that effect, then it's off the hook. You may reasonably ask yourself, "well, what oaths does Vigil swear to uphold?" The answer is a frightening "none", since Vigil is not currently written in Vigil (nor is the README, which is in Markdown, a decidedly sinful format). > somewhat tongue-in-cheek Somewhat? You're my inspiration! You are the wind beneath my wings. > Suggested extra hard-mode for short competitions: deletes all code. Too easy: then it's obvious you have to rewrite it. Hard mode is it replaces random tiny expressions with syntactically similar but semantically different ones... sometimes. A pie chart of the Vigil development time would show something like: 25% Writing code 10% Reading the traceback documentation 40% Writing the README 20% Browsing a thesaurus for the best words 5% Cursing after Vigil deleted part of the example I tell you what, trying to get this thing to self-host is... tricky. > "Does it do something novel to advance understanding and execution of software development?" Shit, I probably should have read the rules before I entered. It's simpler to parse and some programmers prefer them. If you're coming from a type theory background (which, granted, few are), this operator is actually perfectly natural. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Product_type This seems to result in a large number of cases where the visual experience is pointless. The line separating the previous and next page is tiny and easy to miss, and I don't see the use in two torn half-pages on screen. I agree that smooth scrolling long text is hard to read and trips up line scanning, but this UX seems be like playing an cruel game where I have to drag just enough to scroll a whole page. Any more or less and I get a torn page that's even harder to read than normal scrolling. I have an alternate solution to this problem: just hit space or page down when you're reading a long web page. It scrolls a whole page, with just enough animation to help you track where you are. Exactly right. Part two will be about generators like this, as well as coroutines and fibers. Simple generators don't really let you flip internal and external iteration, they just give you a nice way to reify a single stack frame. Coroutines and fibers are even more awesome because they let you reify an entire callstack. > spent three weeks Unnecessary detail. > how to get my articles to stay at a low reading angle I don't know what this even means. What's a "low reading angle"? > instead of getting flung back in my face by an impatient editor This is factually incorrect. The author was the editor, and the person doing the flinging was the founder. > the experience was invaluable I'm not a fan of just blunting telling the reader "you should care about this". > it's time I shared how to write a good opening paragraph Redundant. The title of the article is "How to Write an Opening Sentence". I really don't think what you have here is an improvement. This article inspired me to go back over the posts on my blog and look at just the opening sentences. I found lots of ones that are, in retrospect, duds. But here's a few that I still like: > You would think iteration, you know looping over stuff, would be a solved problem in programming languages. > Every now and then, I stumble onto some algorithm or idea that’s so clever and such a perfect solution to a problem that I feel like I got smarter or gained a new superpower just by learning it. > Ever since I decided to mesh the worlds of static and dynamic typing together in Magpie, I’ve been wondering when the gears would really grind together and halt. Today is the day. > My little language Magpie has a feature that may at first seem really limiting: all functions take exactly one argument and return one value, no more, no less. I spend a lot of time thinking about this because I think with blogs you have a very narrow window of time to get the reader's attention before they "TL;DR" your post and move on. I usually write about programming languages, which isn't known to be a riveting topic, so this isn't easy. Going back over them, I think there is a pretty strong correlation between having a strong start and getting decent traffic. Actually, I think Harry Potter has a pretty strong opener: Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense. Caveat: I know next to nothing about finance. Things that come to mind that help you save more as you get older: 1. Your previous savings will be compounding. 2. If you're lucky, you'll finish paying off a house which frees up a good chunk. 3. If your career is going well, your salary will keep going up, hopefully faster than inflation. > How would people react if they found out the BBC got all their news third-hand from a copied article that had been changed twice along the way? It is not reliable. No other industry works like this. I got bad news for you buddy... Can you point out some things that don't become part of people's identity? My experience is that anything that someone spends more than a tiny amount of time with immediately starts becoming part of who they are. The boundary of our self is constantly spreading outwards onto the things around us. Seems to be part of human nature. I noticed with myself that I feel intensely awkward dining alone. But if I'm travelling for business, it doesn't bother me: at that point, I have a totally legit reason to be eating by myself. Then I realized that other diners, strangers, have no way of knowing whether or not I'm out on business or in my own city. After that, I got a lot more comfortable eating alone wherever I am: for all these people know, I could be a travelling businessman or have any of a dozen other "legitimate" reasons to eat alone. Of course, in actuality, no one there even cares or notices me. But I found having the right mental frame helped it not bother me. I've also found I get pretty awesome service when I eat by myself, and I get to focus on the food more which is nice. It's peaceful. When you buy a pickup truck, they tell you how much load it can haul in addition to the weight of the truck itself . They don't say, "Sorry, by 'three-ton capacity' we really meant 'one-ton' because the truck weighs two." If you have coroutines, I don't think promises/futures are worth much. You don't need a value that represents "something I don't have yet" because an API can just block the current coroutine until it has the value. There may be some utility in being able to pass them around so that the code that calls the API isn't the place where the block occurs, but I'm not convinced it's worth the extra complexity and API fragmentation to care about that. > Why would ES6 "pick a promises winner"? If they don't, the surrounding ecosystem is less likely to standardize on a single promise implementation. That means you'll have fragmentation where foo uses Futures and bar uses Promises so you have to use a bunch of Future Promise shims to get them to play together. This is actually something I think is really nice about Dart: Futures are baked into the core library so they are The Way(tm) to pass around asynchronous computations. When I started at my current, you could get a desk phone if you specifically asked for one. Most didn't. About a year later, I think they phased them out entirely. I don't know why but I find hearing half of a phone conversation infinitely more distracting then having two coworkers discussing something in person nearby. > If your doctor charges you 150 per visit, you will be sure as hell checking that the doctor is good. But how would I do that? If I had even a fraction of the skill required to tell a good doctor from a bad doctor, I would be one. Hell, I can't even tell a good car mechanic from a bad one. Competition is great when you have something approaching a perfect market, but medical care is about as far from that as you can get. > Well hopefully we wouldn't make the same mistake again by going with a language and we would just implement a VM on which JS is implemented. A VM still needs some kind of well-defined input format, and that's a language. Whether it's human-readable text or binary doesn't make that big of a difference. Either way, designing language semantics is hard. > It was given every conceivable chance Except that it didn't have decent DOM integration... We all looked pretty stupid with giant brick phones jammed in our ears back in the day too but no one seemed to mind. I think the rule is "whatever rich people do is cool by definition". Get a couple of trend-setters to sport these and your perception of how it looks will change. The Air tapers across the width of the body to make the edges significantly narrower than the laptop is at its thickest point. Try looking at them both fully edge-on so you can see the Air's full profile. As a parent of two small children, I can assure you I obsess over the plausible and common scenarios as well. If you look at it rationally, having kids is utterly terrifying. We have logically evolved to care very deeply for our offspring. So you have this tiny living organism whose health is critically important for your own happiness. And this organism is physically separate from you, mobile, frail, loud enough to draw attention to itself, unable to protect itself, inquisitive, and completely unaware of danger. > The CEO leaned across the table, got in my face, and said, "this, is a monumental fuck up. You're gonna cost us millions in revenue". Yes, it is a monumental fuck-up. You put a button in front of a junior developer that can cost the company millions if he accidentally clicks it and doesn't even have undo . Interesting, but fundamentally different. Google Glass = head-mounted display + camera + access to the cloud The Private Eye was just the first. It's like comparing an exercise bike to an actual ride-around-outdoors bicycle. > At the point that there is such a huge variation in practice, for most of these steps, I can't imagine that they are very significant/important. It seems a little premature to jump to that conclusion. The US and Great Britain are entirely different countries with different geography, climate, history, culture, laws, economies, etc. Farming doesn't exist in a vaccum. It's affected by all of that, so it stands to reason that those things will influence policies and practices. What I found interesting about the article was that while each system was different, each was internally cohesive. Trying to cherrypick one facet of one country's system and applying to the other would almost invariably make things worse. You have to understand the entire system. That's an important lesson to keep in mind when we constantly read articles like "Country X does Y and it makes Z B% better so we should too!" We need to always remember that X is doing Y in some context that likely matters deeply. Drum and bass! {"kitIndex":4, "effectIndex":15, "tempo":176, "swingFactor":0, "effectMix":0.326530612244898, "kickPitchVal":0.5, "snarePitchVal":0.5, "hihatPitchVal":0.6122448979591837, "tom1PitchVal":0.8571428571428572, "tom2PitchVal":0.7551020408163265, "tom3PitchVal":0.6734693877551021, "rhythm1":[2,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,2,0,0,0,0,0], "rhythm2":[0,0,0,0,2,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,2,0,0,0], "rhythm3":[2,1,2,1,2,1,2,1,2,1,2,1,2,1,2,1], "rhythm4":[0,0,2,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0], "rhythm5":[0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0], "rhythm6":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0]} > They built this beautiful, different, rich product that is objectively amazing. And yet the players they wanted to please can't stop talking about how shit it is. This experience has been true for all game developers of all gamers forever. While many games do have serious flaws and much criticism is valid, my experience is that gamers are the most entitled, fickle, negative audience you can imagine. > I've not heard one person say they are happy about the state of the game. People rarely take the time to communicate "X is OK." That information is of no use to the person communicating. They're happy with the status quo and don't want any change. So there's little incentive to go out of your way to say that. Often the only time people will chime in to say "I like X" is when it appears that X may be about to change. This is a generalization, of course. People do sometimes go out of their way to give praise. This can be out of altruism ("I want others to know how awesome X is" or "I want the people who made X to get more business because they're awesome"). Others enjoy the process of critiquing. Some when confronted with negative feedback feel it's important to do justice by providing an alternate viewpoint. Caveat: lots of subjectivity here. My impression is that Go and Lisp are similar here. Neither is particularly pleasant to read in the small. Lisp because of all of the parens and the sometimes "backwards" dataflow of nested functions. Go because of the "imperativeness", the frequent manual returns for errors, the mandatory {} for blocks. In both cases, that was a deliberate choice in order to get simple syntax. The beauty they are focused on is larger-scale beautiful semantics . Lisp with macros, first-class functions, etc. Go with interfaces, goroutines, and channels. Where some languages treat the syntax as a first-class feature, I think Go and Lisp treat it more as a means to an end. That being said, in both cases, practitioners of those languages do specifically like their syntaxes. It's just not a major focus of the language designers' time. > Which is actually what TCO means: translation of recursive functions into functions that use loops, at the AST level. That's not correct. It's not T R O, T C O. So as it's normally understood any call in tail position would be eliminated. In Python today, this program: def foo(): bar() def bar(): baz() def baz(): raise Exception('OH NOES') foo() will output: Traceback (most recent call last): File "raise.py", line 10, in foo() File "raise.py", line 2, in foo bar() File "raise.py", line 5, in bar baz() File "raise.py", line 8, in baz raise Exception('OH NOES') Exception: OH NOES If Python did TCO, you'd get: Traceback (most recent call last): File "raise.py", line 8, in baz raise Exception('OH NOES') Exception: OH NOES Not wanting to lose helpful information like this is a valid cause for concern. I used to think Guido was wrong for not wanting TCO in Python but I've yet to see anyone give a clear example of what having it would let you express more easily than you can now with iterators/loops/yield etc. TCO is a fine feature in languages where its deeply engrained and part of its natural idioms. Bolting it on twenty years later doesn't seem that helpful to me. > I've come to believe that the second part of this statement really is the primary reason why Lisp drives some people absolutely nuts. Agreed. This is a major reason why Lisps read wrong to me and is one of my favorite things about conventional subject.verb(object) syntax in OOP languages. My own language[1] has Lisp-like semantics where methods are lexically-scoped and not attached to classes but retains something close to OOP syntax because I think that's such a readability win. For me, this is the best of both worlds. [1] http://magpie-lang.org/multimethods.html Buzz was widely used internally when it was killed. I think it may have been more successful inside than out. You're both right. It has a stack that it uses for callframes and local variables, but the opcodes have operands to directly reference variables on it by index. In other words, it treats all of the stack for a given callframe as a set of registers. > meaning that they start by interpreting and executing each line of code as they read it, but when they see a function getting executed a lot, they convert just that function to native machine code as a performance optimization for the next time it gets called. Technically V8 does not have an interpreter pass at all. It always JITs to machine code. It does have two compilers though: a fast JIT and a slow JIT. The fast one gets code running as quickly as possible so your app starts fast, but doesn't generate optimal code. The slow JIT kicks in for hot code and spends more timing compiling it to something that will run faster. What were their production costs? How much profit did they make? That's because many of the people founding these startups were in elementary school when it happened. > In other words, repeat with me: loops don't compose. Iterators do, though. Most of the languages that don't do TCO instead lean on those instead: C++, C#, Python, and eventually JavaScript. The older I get, the more I realize two very fundamental facts: People are remarkably different. Like Clementine in the referenced comment, I'm continually astonished at how different the experience of being someone else is from mine even in an ostensibly identical environment. Just walking in a room can be a remarkably different experience for someone beautiful, ugly, female, disabled, etc. People are remarkably similar. I see people do stuff that seems patently dumb are totally counter to how I would do things or how I feel. But as I learn more about the person, I invariably realize what they're doing makes much more sense in context than I originally realized. Much of the difference amounts to differing priorities or background. Much of the core human psychology leading to the behavior is the same. I'm still trying to figure out how to reconcile these two observations, but the big one for me is to try harder to learn where someone is coming from, what their experiences and background are. > There were about one million working horses in the UK in 1900 but only 20k by 1914. No one found new jobs for those horses... That's because most of them were killed on the battlefields of WWI. Here's the source of that part of the Wikipedia article: The war used horses in great numbers for non-cavalry purposes. It is estimated that some six million horses served and substantial numbers of these were killed. By 1914, the British had only 20,000 horses and the United States was called upon to supply the allied forces with remounts. In the four years of the war, the United States exported nearly a million horses to Europe. This seriously depleted the number of horses in America. When the American Expeditionary Force entered the war, it took with it an additional 182,000 horses. Of these, 60,000 were killed and only a scant 200 were returned to the United States. [1] http://web.archive.org/web/20110716085011/http://imh.org/leg... > If their production costs are too high, they should find better ways of controlling costs; They do: they find other games that are more profitable to make. > a game that sells 2.5 million copies is still a game that the market has validated. Corporations don't exist to be "validated" in some nebulous. They have to make money. I could get the market to wildly validate any product: give it away for free, or, hell, pay people to use it. That unfortunately doesn't make for a successful business. > "No, no programmer would do something this." He was not sarcastic. I wanted to switch back into Molecular and Cellular Biology right then. But then he added, "No one would end up with code like this because they simply would not have had the patience." My brother and I learned to program in BASIC on an Apple IIe when we were kids. At the time, we were also into making little movies with our family's VHS camcorder. You could draw graphics in BASIC, so we thought it would be radical to write a program that would draw a cool logo animation for our movies. We got a big sheet of graph paper and hand-drew the intended pixel art for our logo. Then started writing code to draw it one line at a time. We put a delay between each line so that it would do an animated wipe. We knew how to pause by doing a busy loop: 10 FOR I = 1 to 100 20 NEXT I What we didn't know was how to define reusable procedures (GOSUB). So between each of the hundred lines of pixel art, I typed in that loop. And I mean that literally: this was a line editor. No copy and paste. I wrote it out each time. Now I just lament having the much free time and focus to be able to do that... > dart can't compile locally in the browser dart2js is written in Dart. There's some small amount of work needed to self-host it and run the result in a browser, mainly swapping out the file IO API with something that works on the web. I think multiple people on the team have slapped together working examples of this, so it's not a lot of work. It isn't a high priority for the dart2js team right now, though, and they are very careful to avoid taking on responsibility for features or use cases that don't have solid tests. I think before too long, we will have a reliably self-hosted Dart->JS compiler that runs in a browser, we're just focused on other stuff for the moment. How does Google have a death grip on the browser? There are surprisingly few people on Earth who are first-rate VM hackers, so the bus factor for anything in that domain tends to be low. Generators haven't bought you much here. This example isn't realistic because logUserName() is screwing over its caller. It has no way to report errors, nor can the caller tell when the operation has completed. It's just fire and forget (and hope it was successful). A better logUserName() would let the caller handle that either by taking a callback or returning a promise. But now you've passed the buck to the caller . And now it has to be async too, all the way up the callstack. This is the worst thing about async code regardless of whether its callbacks or promises: going to sync to async requires you to transform all code all the way up the callstack. Oooooh, the ominous "yet". Scary. > in particular, asm.js does not have aggregate or structural types. It's like BCPL! Right, but your example here is a particularly skewed one. It's a hashing library. All it does is take integers and do arithmetic on them. Most real-world application code is not at all like that. Asm.js doesn't even support strings as far as I know. > asm.js is already a stronger candidate because I can use it right now and it will work everywhere. This is fundamentally not true. We tend to think of "better perf" as not being breaking the web, but that isn't always the case. Imagine a game written using asm.js. Plays beautifully at 30fps on Firefox. Great! And it runs on every browser, right? Well, if it runs at three FPS on Safari, then as far as the game developer and the player are concerned, no, the game doesn't run on Safari. > instead they would generate it from statically typed languages (TypeScript, Dart, Haxe) All of those languages would be terrible for targeting asm.js. asm.js doesn't support GC. Java, C#, Haskell, Smalltalk, all sorts of languages you could imagine wanting to compile to run in a browser would actually be a terrible fit for asm.js. You'd be much better off compiling to vanilla JS so you can take advantage of the underlying VM's support for GC, dynamic dispatch, strings, etc. If your graphics are the bottleneck, then you're likely GPU bound and not CPU bound, so that may not buy you much. Making a game that can make players happy across a 10x range of hardware capabilities is hard . Yes, agreed. asm.js is a great fit here. My point was that that fact doesn't generalize well to other problem areas. Earlier you said asm.js isn't just a compiler target, but if your program uses strings, or objects, or closures, or GC, then it's not going to be a good fit to use asm.js. If you're going to use IE6 as the baseline that pretty much every browser was breaking the web relative to it, including later versions of IE, weren't they? I don't recall many websites at the time only being effectively usable for perf reasons in Chrome, but my memory is a bit hazy. Certainly, there were fewer very JavaScript heavy sites, and most of HTML5 hadn't been created yet. That meant there were fewer opportunities to build web apps that required fast JS. Also, Chrome wasn't as fast as it is now. But, yes, if people were building apps then that said "only in Chrome" then that would imply that to some degree Chrome was breaking the web. Fortunately, in that case, the other browsers caught up quickly and resolved that tension. > How does it know that something can never be null? It can see every place it gets assigned. If it's never assigned from something that can be null, it can't be null. Of course, that requires global inference to determine the possible types that the RHS can be. dart2js does that with increasing sophistication. > Maybe an external caller sends null to a method not expecting it. dart2js is a whole program compiler so it can make closed world assumptions like this. At the point that it's compiling, there are no "external" callers. It can see every callsite in the entire program. > Or, can you not call Dart compiled code from JS? Yes, Dart does have a JS interop story[1]. We're still working on it, but, by design, it's not as seamless as say CoffeeScript. It's an actual interop process and not just "it's all JS so it can all call each other". I think that helps dart2js control the places where unknown values can leak in from JS. [1]: http://www.dartlang.org/articles/js-dart-interop/ > Doesn't a 30% performance improvement (I'm just talking dart vs. JavaScript, not dart2js generated code vs JavaScript) seem like a pretty weak result given that they've created a new language? Well keep in mind that every other language that compiles to JS is generally slower , so any improvement here is pretty impressive. Note that this is just the performance of the Dart code compiled to JavaScript. Dart code running on the native Dart VM has very different, better perf. > It's fairly common in the JS world to be calling into libraries that are split into separate files and hosted on external servers. Sometimes, but I think it's actually more common to do the opposite: minimize the delay by concatenating and minified all of your JS files into one big blog. That way there's only one network roundtrip. dart2js follows that path. > something like Google Analytics you do it so that Google can push updates without you needing to redeploy your script For stuff like this where you just have multiple completely independent scripts, you can just have separate tags. > How does the whole-program approach interact with event handlers embedded in HTML, which it would not have visibility into? We actually do have visibility there. Dart has its own DOM library and dart2js has pretty deep insight into how to interact with the DOM. > The to-JS languages are lining up to become the C++ of the web. What I find funny about this remark was that I think it was intended to be disparaging because the meme these days is that C++ sucks. But C++ is actually wildly successful and is the bastion of many very large, complex, fast, applications that would be very challenging to write in vanilla. Yes, you can stick to just C, but many many programmers have profitably switched to C++ instead. Almost the entire game industry, most desktop applications that people use for their jobs, web browsers and even JavaScript engines themselves are all written in C++. If the new crop of compile-to-JS languages are in a similar boat, then sign me up! "In space, noone can hear you roll! The fate of the galaxy is in your hands, as you race your friends to create (or destroy) planets. Who will be the first to 10? Only the dice know." Ouch, two errors: "noone" -> "no one" "hands, as" -> "hands as" Earlier you said: > That it is Dart isn't the story here; they don't even mention the Dart VM as a benefit for the switch. Which I think is equating Dart with the VM? Then you say: > They are switching because they like the language/ecosystem better. That sounds to me like Dart is the story then. The language/ecosystem is Dart, isn't it? Can that be separated somehow? > JavaScript is not the problem, it's how terrible our community is at sharing/creating modular things. Classes and shitty syntax wont help you there How would you switch communities without switching languages? As far as I can tell, it's actually much easier to switch tech than it is to convince a million existing users to change their culture to something different. > I'm assuming they are developing it primarily as an internal tool It's neither primarily internal nor external. My understanding is that the higher-ups feel Dart must succeed both inside and outside of Google to be successful. Which one must happen first is an open question, but I think the end goal is wide use both inside and outside the company. There's still a small amount of language evolution going on. We recently added mixins, for example, and there's a couple of minor things still being batted around. However, we are making very few breaking language changes right now. Most of the fast-paced evolution is in the core library. Unfortunately, the corelib was essentially stagnant for close to a year, so now that people are working on it, they are feverishly playing catch-up to get it to a good place before 1.0. > Historically, the hardest part of interacting with the DOM has been the inconsistencies (and missing functionality) amongst ancient browser versions. Even newer browsers have a surprising amount of DOM inconsistencies, especially for newer HTML5 APIs that are still evolving. While this is an ongoing job, the Dart DOM API tries hard to polyfill that so that you get a single API that works across most browsers. > they've spent millions, which they won't get back from by selling Dart Yes, I think everyone understands today that languages don't directly generate revenue. > They probably have a compelling internal reason for doing this. Off the top of my head: * If it makes Googlers more productive writing apps in Dart, that directly saves Google money. We, obviously have some very large JavaScript applications (gmail, maps, docs...) and we spend a ton of engineering time on them. If we can make those engineers more productive, that's a huge savings. * If Dart succeeds externally, that's more third-party code that Google can then use for its own projects, so that directly saves us money. * If Dart makes other web developers more productive, that makes the web bigger. A bigger web means more people spending time on it and more people doing web searches, which ultimately goes right back to Google. Google is happy when the web gets bigger. Don't forget npm, and bower, and jam, and component, and ender, and volo, and... Really, it's only a matter of time before someone creates a JavaScript package manager manager so you can manage your package managers. The grouping of expressions is clearer to many readers in the JS example. Unless you've spent a decent amount of time grokking the lambda calculus, the second line could be any of: (λx. (λf. f)) x (λx. (λf. f) x) (λx. (λf. f x)) The lambda calculus notation is weird. Using "." to separate parameter and body is unusual. The scope of the body isn't obvious. JS is painfully verbose, but it's a verbose syntax many people have already put the time in to internalize. > JavaScript code is some of the fastest interpreted code around, and projects like asm.js take that even farther. That says something about market forces, but nothing about the language. JavaScript is the fastest dynamic language because it was the language that was most profitable to optimize. We don't have any real-world comparisons to other languages where an equal amount of brainpower was spent on optimization so that we could see how the language itself affects things. > I hope the author spends some time learning about programming languages and programming language research. The author is a programming language academic. See: http://tratt.net/laurie/research/pubs/ > I however am told that it is quite an uphill task to join Google without an already established credibility and get to work with their core set of products. I joined Google a little under three years ago. I dropped out of college, worked at a startup for a few years, then worked at EA for eight years. So, from Google's perspective I had essentially no cred when I started. My current project (working on Dart) is basically my dream job and I work with a fantastic set of people. I've never once gotten the impression that my lack of education or relevant job experience was being held against me. Once I got in, I was a Googler. At that point, everyone just assumed I knew what I was doing or I wouldn't be here. Aside from occasional bouts of imposter syndrome, it seems to work out pretty well. > The primary optimization that ASM.JS brings is its static type system. Well, that and not having objects, user-defined types, closures, strings, polymorphism, or even garbage collection. asm.js is fast because it's essentially BCPL, not just because it has a static type system. I was a game programmer at EA for eight years. > The real problem however is not that they are immature when they get in, but that too often they get out once they reach maturity, This is pretty spot-on. One of the main reasons I left the industry was because I got tired of it being perpetual amateur hour. I felt like I didn't know much and yet I often knew more than those around me. I worked on one game where more than 50% of the engineers had never shipped a game before. Those that had spent all of their time fire-fighting the messes created by the energetic yet clueless brigade of novices. > Many companies want to own your work even when you’re off the clock. “Here at Nine Dots, we aren't using any non-concurrence agreements, so these personal projects can actually benefit them financially if they make something that is commercially viable,” Boucher-Vidal said. This was also another major reason I left EA. I couldn't work on games in my free time. Meanwhile, the stuff I did at work didn't actually scratch that itch: it was either huge franchise games I couldn't care less about or technology stack stuff that wasn't an actual game. I spent more time feeling like I was "making games" when I didn't work at EA. > Until there is evidence that other models will work, and that's going to take a hit game or two, very little with change, and the revolving door of young, white, childless men will continue to make our games. I honestly don't believe this will significantly change. I compare the game industry to the music industry. In both, you have: 1. A product that people don't need to consume. 2. A product where consumers increasingly expect prices to be tiny or zero. 3. Hordes of young people who want to do it. 4. Work that is intrinsically satisfying for its own sake. Push aside all of the bullshit and making games is crazy fun. Lots of people want to make them. Lots of people want to play them too, but they don't really want to shell out much cash to do so. I think the end result of this is that it's just a domain where it will be a young person's game and it's very hard to make a lot of money. Yes, some companies will be able to make real money at it, but for every Rolling Stones, there's a thousand local independent bands playing dive bars that you've never heard of. And that's OK . I was in one of those bands you've never heard of once. It was awesome . When I had kids, I gave it up, but I certainly don't regret it. Maybe we should think of making games the same way: a fun thing to spend a few years doing when you're young and have the time. > I've studiously avoided working for EA For what it's worth, I found work-life balance increased steadily during my tenure at EA. The whole ea_spouse thing brought a lot of attention to problems. It still wasn't great, but it was better than when I started. When I left EA, I was working 40 hours a week reliably. This was in large part, though, because that was a high priority for me and I moved off game teams and onto shared tech stuff because it was less high-pressure, even though that wasn't ideal for my career. > And Kickstarter is democratizing the music industry as well! I'm really excited about Kickstarter too. However, even when it works well, I don't think you get much more than a living wage. I think that's OK, but it's worth keeping in mind that it isn't a golden ticket. I also worry that the social structures around Kickstarter have not settled down yet. Right now, I think a lot of money coming in is based on novelty or optimism. As Kickstarter matures (and more projects fail) I think both of those will wear off. It can still work, and I hope it does, but it won't be as easy as it is right now. > The biggest problem in games/music/movies is typically that you have to make them before you can sell them. Yes, it's inevitable in any product where the initial cost is very high and the marginal cost is effectively zero. Digital content like games and movies one example. Drugs are another, I think. I wonder if oil drilling is similar? It seems like in all of these cases, a consequence is conservatism in investment leading to missed opportunities. I thought about adding some caveats when I said "gave it up", but didn't for simplicity's sake. I do still have my gear and every now and then I pluck on it. Yes, you can still record solo , but that's making music . What I gave up was being in a band . Keeping up with bandmates, practicing regularly for several hours a week, and playing shows in bars is possible but much harder when you have kids. I also find it much harder to keep up momentum when it's just me and just in my free time. Ditto for making games. You certainly can make them in your free time (and I do), but it's a different experience from what you can get jammed in the same room with a few other inspiring people for hours at a time. In today's "everything digital, everything asynchronous" world, I think we seriously undervalue to importance of being there with people . > Which is why the smart thing to do is to go for the most unfashionable job That assumes that you don't get any value out of having a glamorous job. Sure, there are tons of people that want to be game developers. Why? Because a lot of things about being a game developer are awesome! You get a laid-back working environment, you get to work with artists and other exciting, creative people, the work is technically challenging, you spend your day looking at monsters and explosions instead of spreadsheets and forms. People you meet will be excited to talk to you about your work. If you're lucky, you create something that people will form real emotional attachment to. It's not smarter to choose a higher-salary job, because salary-maximization is not the goal of life. You spend much of your waking life at work, and a bigger salary won't give you those hours of your life back. You may as well try to make them be something you love. Yes, I think the startup market may be similar. Two differences are that right now there are so many startups, there is still strong demand for programmers. The game industry is actually not that big, so the demand for game programmers hasn't been as high. Also, I think the startup scene is newer. While there are some younger developers now whose childhood dream is to build a website, there aren't as many of those as there are people who grew up playing videogames and who want nothing more than to make them. As the web gets older and you have more adults whose software experiences during their formative years revolved around websites (or, I guess, soon, mobile apps), that may change. > By shared tech I assume you mean tools and engines? I was doing tools, but not engines. UI toolkit stuff, asset pipelines, a bunch of metrics gathering. At the EA studio I was at, being on a game team was a better career path if you want to get more clout. By laid back, I meant: You can dress and look however you want. And, in return, you draw in the kind of creative, interesting people that care about that kind of stuff. Believe it or not, this is not a given at all software jobs. There's not a lot of process and formality. Less time writing TPS reports, more time making software. This doesn't mean it's all unstructured cowboy coding, just that there's less pointless overhead than at other companies I've seen. Lots of kidding around and laughing. Less people taking themselves too seriously. > Laid back, to me, means "Oh, we had to work 60 hours last week, so this week I'm gonna leave around 4 pm on Thursday. I'll send an email to the team lead to not expect me tomorrow" I think that depends a lot on the project and schedule. Certainly, the worst crunch was right before a deadline, and things were more lax after it. Taking several days off after a big push wasn't unusual. The months following shipping a title which were mostly focused on writing design docs were often "nominally 40 hours but really closer to 35 and we aren't exactly killing ourselves during those hours either". > From the stories I've heard, "laid back" in the game industry means "great news! it's 7 pm on Sunday evening, everybody go home and be with your kids" Well, of course the stories you hear are always extreme. Otherwise, they wouldn't be a story. No one ever says, "Breaking news today, area man works 40 hours in one week." Wow, aren't you a ray of sunshine? Switch to an Android phone? That's the same language, actually. Well, maybe a previous incarnation of it. But both are Ben Titzer's babies either way. He is clearly having tons of fun with this. It's interesting to see how far C# progressed since this was written. Just a couple of years later, C# 3.0 came out and his example becomes: mylist.Select(foo => foo.Description()) .Where(x => x != "") .Aggregate((a, b) => a + "\n" + b); Which is, I think, pretty nice. > You get the feeling that the author has spent so long thinking of women as 'us' and men as 'them' that she actually sees the two as two completely separate species. That cuts both ways. Maybe you see gender in terms of "us" and "them" which is why you felt that article didn't apply to you. Just because the subjects are a different gender doesn't mean you can't relate to them. > Terribly sad, maybe the next generation of feminists will be able to break out of the box they've made for themselves That's a mighty broad brush you're painting with. Does the author speak for all feminists here, or just herself? I don't disagree with your comment, but I want to note: > Starbucks aims to be the "third place". Home, Work, Starbucks. That's what _they_ want They're aiming to be your third place, the tension here is that it's becoming a second place for many. That places a different burden on the a coffeeshop than being a third place does. > EA continues to go to the well of existing properties That's because consumers continue to prefer the waters drawn from that well. If people want new IP, they need to show that with their money. Stack Overflow supports an alternative syntax for this use case: Our primary landing page is Again, this is not knowledge that the user can take with them to other Markdown based sites. Actually, that is part of the markdown spec. See: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax#autolink Markdown is in the same bucket as make, bash, and C. While many people today (thanks to the benefit of hindsight) could make an improvement over any of those, it's virtually impossible to make a big enough improvement to outweight the cost of giving up ubiquity. Already being installed on the machines and minds of millions of users is incredibly valuable for a system. It's fantastically hard to compete with that, which means that many successful systems end up being a local maximum. You could make a new system that's strictly better if you could get everyone to use it. But before everyone is using it, it's not better enough to get them to switch. So this very day I have scheduled company-wide training at Firebrand. And I will be running it myself. The topic? “Differentiating our business through candidate service.” The first lesson in that training should be how to stop talking like that. Candidates are people and they want you to use humane language not business jargon. Differentiating is something you do to functions. How about: Standing out by taking better care of candidates > I find this interesting, mostly because if the generation of pieces is truly random, eventually you will lose That's correct, but Tetris specifies that pieces are not chosen using a sequence of random pieces selected with equal probability. Instead, it uses "selection without replacement". Think of it as you get one of each piece and stuff them in a bag. Pull a piece from the bag. That's the next piece. Do not put it back in (hence "without replacement"). Repeat until the bag is empty then refill the bag. I love the bacon necklaces: http://www.hotpopfactory.com/product_boreal-necklace.html ;) > If you think of a type as a set of possible values, then a subclass is actually a supertype—a superset of the possible values of its parent class—and likewise a superclass is a subtype. You have this exactly backwards. A subclass is a subtype. A superclass is a supertype. Let's say you have superclass A and derive subclass B from it. In the universe of all possible values, some will be A but not B (they will either be direct instances of A, or instances of some other subclass of A). But every B will also be an A by definition since B is-a A. Therefore the set of values that are B is a subset of the set of values that are A. > Real world software, as you say, with money, clients and deadlines, is written in JavaScript all the time. That says a lot about the lack of alternatives for code that must run in a browser and next to nothing about the merits of prototypes. I have the fortune to work with a bunch of people that worked on Self, or worked with people that did. Many of them told me that after all of that experience, the conclusion they came to was that prototypes don't really work well in practice, even when you have multiple parents like Self. (JS lacks that, which makes it even more painfully limited.) Meanwhile, many JS luminaries, people who understand every corner of the language, are working hard to add class syntax to ES6 (, or defining transpilers that support it (Erik Arvidsson with Traceur, Jeremy Ashkenas with CoffeeScript). I find prototypes interesting. I've implemented my own prototype-based language from scratch to understand them better. As soon as I had it working and started writing code in the language, the first thing I found myself wanting was to add classes to it. > Personally, I assume google will make money selling a car (or the tech), just like any other business. I am a Googler and I've heard Larry, Sergey, and many on the self-driving car team talk about the project. While I'm sure monetization is on their minds as well, the very clear message from them is that they view this project as changing the world for the better. In today's world, it is very hard not to be cynical, and it's especially hard not to be cynical online without looking like a Pollyanna or a corporate shill but in this case, I believe the opportunity for public good is the strongest motivator for the project. Much like NASA, Google gets tons of ancillary benefits from doing all of this R&D so even if the project itself isn't a revenue generator, it will still deliver value to Google, but I think what gets many of the people working on it up in the morning is the chance to reduce the number of traffic fatalities, to turn parking lots back into parks, and to let people spend time on the road enjoying themselves and not grimly staring at the car in front of them. How does that work with transitive dependencies? If my app uses A, which in turn uses B, do I fork A and B and then edit all of the imports in my local fork of A to now point to my fork of B? When I take new drops of A, do I have to make sure my locally changed imports don't get borked? Would you want a billion new users all slamming your brand new codebase and infrastructure all at the exact same time? Sure Google can handle scale better than anyone, but a stampede is still a stampede. Soft launches are way safer and easier to manage. > This makes the derived class a supertype, being a larger set that fully includes the set of its parent class. This is not how "supertype" is typically defined in the literature. I'm not sure what "set of its parent class" means, but I believe the way to look at this is to consider the universe of all possible objects. In that universe, you will have some objects that are instances of the derived class. Each of those is also an instance of the base class. You may also have instances of the base class that are not instances of the derived class (they may be straight instances of the base, or be instances of some other sibling derived class). That means the set of instances of the base class completely includes the set of instances of the derived class (since every derived is also a base). Hence, the base class is a supertype. Conversely, since the set of instances of the derived class may not include some instances of the base class, it is a subtype. > You’re adding elements to a product type. I don't think you can cleanly map classes to tuple types. Consider a derived class that adds no fields. In that case, it's not an identical type to its base class, but it would be an identical product type. > Here’s a simple example. A 2D vector (x:ℝ × y:ℝ) is a subtype of a 3D vector (x:ℝ × y:ℝ × z:ℝ). Again, I think that's backwards. Every 3D vector is also a 2D vector if you ignore its z coordinate, so 3D vectors are a subtype of 2D vectors (assuming some type system that has subtyping between tuples of fewer fields). You could implement this by having 3D vector subclass 2D, but as you note that's fraught with peril. But that's because substitutability requires meaningful semantic behavior and not just matching signatures. Just because two objects can both "foo" doesn't mean they are substitutable in a pragmatic sense. They have to do the appropriate thing when you foo them. I've been a Flickr Pro user since 2007. Flickr has been a huge part of my photography hobby. I don't know if I'm a "power user", but I can tell you all about different prime lenses, aperture, Lightroom and Photoshop. I love the new UI and the new app. > Most of my mobile photos are horrid quality Here's a few photos I've taken with my phone: http://www.flickr.com/photos/bobisbob/8607495076/ http://www.flickr.com/photos/bobisbob/8539300849/ http://www.flickr.com/photos/bobisbob/8526482251/ http://www.flickr.com/photos/bobisbob/8479530691/ http://www.flickr.com/photos/bobisbob/8479526973/ Phone cameras have gotten a hell of a lot better in the past couple of years. > Well, if in a year, it hasn't gone horribly wrong, then he's produced something people can eat for a year without great ill effect. No, he's produced something people can eat for a year without great ill effect in that year . You can very likely smoke cigarettes for a year without ill effect. That tells you next to nothing about its long-term effects. I'm not sure, but I've got about 154,567 guesses. > It seems they'll use open standards only as long as it serves them, but when they've grown big enough to dominate the competition, they'll turn around in a heartbeat and exploit that. I don't see how Google is dominating the competition. Gchat used to be a dominant player, I believe, but that was before mobile existed. I think the dominant players now are: iMessage. Propriety, only runs on Apple devices, can only communicate with other iMessage users. Facebook Messenger. Proprietary, only runs in Facebook site and app, can only communicate with other Facebook users. WhatsApp. I think based on XMPP? Only runs in WhatsApp application, can only communicate with other WhatsApp users. Notice that every single one of those is a walled garden. > kill all competitors, then let it rot. Google hasn't killed competitors. Google chat is losing ground to iMessage, Facebook Messenger, and WhatsApp, all of which are proprietary walled gardens. If XMPP federation was an important feature for end users, why would those products, which are all newer than Google's chat, have been able to supplant it? Sure, I'm sad that Google is turning off federation too, but I'm happy that it will let the team move faster to make a product that adds value to people's lives. Haha, yes, yes they do. You can see a few pictures of Pixar's render farm in [1]. According to [2] (which is where that 11.5 hours comes from) for Cars 2, they had 12,500 CPU cores for rendering. [1] http://www.slashfilm.com/cool-stuff-a-look-at-pixar-and-luca... [2] http://jalopnik.com/5813587/12500-cpu-cores-were-required-to... For an interesting parallel, this is analogous to my experience with emergent gameplay when I was in the game industry. Everyone really likes the idea of emergent gameplay and the open-ended-ness and flexibility that gives you. But you sacrifice a lot of control when you go that way. This can leave game designers and producers feeling like their hands are tied when the game doesn't play the way they want. Less flexible, more scripted behavior is often the smarter choice when you want to be able to ensure a certain gameplay experience. No, the author explicitly states that the escalator is separated by gender specifically, not by speed: > The escalator moving up is full of men. There is no room for women on this escalator. The implication is that the men and women in the analogy both have the same average speed on their own . The men, purely by virtue of being male, then get a positive bonus applied to their speed by the up escalator. The woman get a negative speed penalty from the down escalator. If you want it in pseudo-code: human_speed = rand(min, max) male_bonus = some_positive_number female_bonus = some_negative_number male_speed = human_speed + male_bonus female_speed = human_speed + female_bonus The point of the article is to refute all of the arguments made that presume a simpler model than the above. That seems orthogonal to me. Say I have a list and I'm taking some number of items off one end. I want to maximize the value of that chunk. A larger chunk is better, of course, but sorting the list so that bigger items are on one also helps. That's what the author is arguing: we're incorrectly ranking people because of a gender bias. Having a larger pool of poorly ranked people won't solve that. Right, but by saying "comes down to two people" that implies you've already done some filtering: you've ordered the set of all possible people and then taken the first two. My point is that if the ordering relation is wrong (which is what the article suggests) then it doesn't matter what subset you take: you're still not getting the best possible set of people. You have to get the right people. If your ordering is off, being more inclusive lets in as many more bad candidates as it does good ones. > OP simply assumes what she wants to prove (men have a steady rise to the top). The author is pretty clear that she isn't trying to prove that men have a steady rise to the top. From the first paragraph she sets out to explain why criticisms like "Why do women try to get ahead by pulling men down?" are incorrect. > Whereas our metaphorical escalator gives good things to its riders, whether they do anything or not. That's not what the author says: > There are also some men who are just standing on the escalator, simply letting the luck of the draw propel them up. Most of these men won’t make it to the room. > maybe Gosling and Pike really do believe that generics and HOF are too difficult for the average programmer I believe I heard that Gosling did want to have first-class functions initially in Java, but they just ran out of time. Go, of course, does have closures like almost all modern languages. The lack of generics does stymy what you can express statically with higher-order functions, but it does have them. > It turns out that the entire compiled Lua VM fits in 200K when gzipped. That's too much for some use cases, but certainly acceptable for others (especially with proper caching). Tell that to someone on a mobile device with poor connectivity. > In particular, remember that the Lua VM is often significantly faster than other dynamic languages like Python and Ruby. These languages are useful in many cases even if they are not super-fast. Something people often overlook is that performance is highly dependent on where the code runs. Ruby is fine for server-side programs because you can always go fast by throwing more hardware at it. Languages that run on end-user machines don't have that luxury. This is why the playing field for client-side programming languages is much more constrained and why C++ is still hugely popular there. It's also why so much work has gone into optimizing JavaScript. Being half as fast as JS could be tolerable for some apps, but that means your app will likely be slow and stuttery in some cases. When it is, there's little you can do about it. Is Lua that much of an improvement over JS to justify that? > There are however some tricky issues, for example we can't do cross-VM cycle collection - if a Lua object and a JavaScript object are both not referred to by anything, but do refer to each other, then to be able to free them we would need to be able to traverse the entire heap on both sides, and basically do our own garbage collection in place of the browser's - for normal JavaScript objects, not just a new type of objects like Lua ones. This is a huge deal. It basically means if you use this, your app is very likely to leak memory unless you are very careful. The difficulty of being appropriately careful is exactly why we moved to GC languages in the first place. WebKit (now Blink on the Google side) actually has a similar problem already: WebKit manages memory for the DOM separately from V8's garbage collector. This adds a bunch of complexity to the browser to deal with those cycles and has, I think, a significant performance cost. It's enough of an issue that the Chrome team is starting a new project ("oilpan") to provide a unified GC shared by both V8 and the DOM. Don't get me wrong, I think this is a very cool hack. But I don't think it says much about the viability for using something like this for real apps, at least not yet. The package manager I work on for Dart supports something similar: a package can which version(s) of the Dart SDK itself that it works with. In case you're curious, the relevant bit is around here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RFjOec-TI0&feature=playe... . "It's in Chrome 29 canary now, hopefully dev channel within a few days. We're shooting for Chrome 30 as our launch." That would explain the "loop" part of the name. Just wait until this gets coupled with self-driving trucks. > Considering that I'm a junior in high school, I receive a substantial amount of college-related junk mail (between five and ten pieces per day), in addition to perhaps three other items. I don't understand why it is preferable to sort though my mail digitally. Well, wait until you have a power bill, water bill, gas bill, garbage bill, phone bill, cable bill, mortgage, credit card bills, car note, doctor's bills, lab results, dentist's bills, vet bills, student loan bills, newsletters from your kids' schools, bank statements, ... Some of those need a response, some don't because you've already set up automatic bill payment, some are information you want and can then discard, some are things you need to keep for your records. > Where are all the street protests?! I'm going to interpret that question literally. A key thing you have to keep in mind is that in almost all of the US outside of a few very large cities, the "street" is not a useful public place. People don't gather and interact on streets in the US. They are merely channels for cars. Protesting on the streets would be as useful in most cities in the US as wandering around next to a shipping lane on the open ocean. The only people "there" are driving vehicles at full speed. That of course raises the question of where Americans do congregate together. Churches are the answer for many, although I believe those are dwindling. Some go to bars. Neither of those is a particularly good venue for dissent. One unfortunate consequence of the US being so car-centric is that we've destroyed public space, and consequently made public assembly much harder. Most cities in the US don't have squares or city centers. Even ones that do exist are often empty, or inhabited more by the homeless than anyone else. I believe the culture is improving here, but for a long time, cars were such important symbol of wealth that being a pedestrian gained a small but real social stigma. Large cities that were already thriving and had very affluent people who didn't drive bucked the trend, but in your average city in the US, if you're on a street and not driving, you look poor, mentally unstable, or homeless. > Just because you have higher resolution screens, doesn't mean you can get away with a thinner sans serif. Yes, it does, actually. As resolution increases, so does the Nyquist frequency, which means you can accurately convey higher-frequency signals. In spatial terms, more resolution means finer lines without aliasing errors. Certainly, there is. Laser printers print at about 300 dpi and most users can't see any visible pixels there, so at normal reading distance, that seems to be close to the maximum resolution you need to visibly pixel-free from the user's perspective. Going higher than that probably means thinner blank lines will just appear fainter and not thinner . Well shit. Should I just take my glasses off now then? There's cynicism on one end and naivety on the other, but there's a whole spread in between. Despite what the cynic thinks, reality is almost always somewhere in the middle there. > all the closure allocation in inner loops. Modern compilers for languages like JS that heavily use closures optimize for this. This is a pretty neat pattern. One nice bonus is that the code invoking the closure has a chance to do work after the closure. This lets you do nice "scoped" behavior automatically. For example, in his Ruby code: data_source.person(id) do |person| person.phone_number = phone_number data_source.update_person person end I would take that `update_person` call and have the `person(id)` method do that implicitly: data_source.person(id) do |person| person.phone_number = phone_number end (I'd likely optimize for the case where the person wasn't actually modified too.) This way, the caller doesn't have to remember to explicitly update the person. Another way to look at this pattern is as a poor-man's pattern match. For example, using the pattern-matching syntax of my language[1], you could do: match dataSource person(id) case person is Person then person phoneNumber = phoneNumber dataSource updatePerson(person) end Granted, that's more verbose here, but it lets you have other cases if that makes sense for your problem. Magpie has blocks too, so a literal translation would be: dataSource person(id) as person do person phoneNumber = phoneNumber end For very short blocks, you can use an implicit parameter name similar to Scala: dataSource person(id) do _ phoneNumber = phoneNumber The `do` notation is just syntactic sugar for passing a function as the last argument, so you can also do: dataSource person(id, fn(person) person phoneNumber = phoneNumber) How did I get derailed talking about Magpie? [1]: http://magpie-lang.org/ > Using icons looks nice and allows for slimmer navigation but it decreases ease of use for me. I can find things much quicker with text labels. I believe studies have repeatedly shown that users can find things with icons faster than text labels. Icons are less discoverable than text, but once you know what you're looking for, icons are faster. Right, which is exactly their stated intentions. > This resulted in him receiving a higher annual staff ranking, which in turn led to larger bonuses and stock grants. The joke's on that guy, given what EA's stock value and bonuses have been like lately. > Is console game development really that bad? Well, that story was from 11 years ago. Even then, PS2 and XBox devkits weren't bad. Comparable to IDEs at the time, or maybe even a bit more powerful for debugging. > The guy debugging with colored screens is a real WTF. That's essentially the graphics equivalent of printf() debugging. It's all about quickly getting some insight into what's going on. If hacking some colors in there does it, so be it. Note that this was a bug occurring related to handling user input while loading, so it's likely that pausing the game or stepping into a debugger would actually prevent the bug from occurring. In situations like that, you make do with what you can. The thing I really like about beer culture is that it isn't price focused. There are a few niches of beer where the price starts to go up, but most beers are in the same ballpark price-wise. Every culture has rules about how you wave your banner and show people how into that culture you are. With wine culture, it seems a lot of that is through price and rarity. With beer, that sometimes comes into play, but it's equally likely to be with IBU, darkness, or local expertise. I'm not a fan of the hops-gamesmanship that goes on, but I do like that beer culture celebrates variety and small breweries as much as it does "famous", exclusive beers. For every Rochefort, there are ten Abitas, Lagunitases, etc. that are just as well loved. Personally, I use "analog" to mean "not digital" and "analogue" to mean "something similar to". I think that's a little clearer, at least to some US readers. Dart: http://api.dartlang.org/docs/releases/latest/dart_io/HttpSer... It seems to me like a spring-mass system would be another good thing to try here. That would give you similar behavior to hill climbing, but would also be better at avoiding local minima since I can push neighboring labels away. It was on hiatus for a couple of years: I left the game industry, moved across the country, and had a couple of kids. But I'm back to working on it now and I hope I can get it finished. That's great to hear! I'm glad you got some use out of it. Feedback like this is the only thing that gives the book a chance of being finished. I'm generally terrible at staying focused on one thing but hearing stuff like this really helps. Must has: http://gameprogrammingpatterns.com/component.html :) Thanks! When I was at EA, I swear every source file had like five singletons in it. It was terrible. I was highly motivated to write that chapter at the time. This is one of my concerns too. I've seen patterns be overused almost as much as underused. It's a shame too, because the original Design Patterns book actually goes out of its way to tell you not to use patterns unless they are really a good fit. Unfortunately, remarkably few people have actually read the original book. If you look at the chapter outline, I'm planning to have an introductory section on "How to Use Patterns (and How Not to Abuse Them)" where I'll try to mitigate this. Also, each chapter has a "Keep in Mind" section that focuses on telling you when a pattern might not be a good fit. > I'm sure most cases of badly architected code you have ran into were caused by insufficient time and/or attention devoted to design and architecture. Now the question is, do you think if these coders had the same time/attention but knew patterns, the result would be better? Yes, I do. I've seen a number of times where a smart developer burned hours half-way reinventing from scratch some crude architectural pattern that they could have spent five minutes looking up in a book. Worse, if they had looked it up, they may have learned some of the documented pitfalls that come with it instead of stumbling right into them. I agree there are few things worse than a codebase jam-packed with inappropriate design patterns. Unfortunately, one of the few things that is worse is a code base where the programmers have clearly never learned about any design patterns at all. > To me, any frequently employed construction is a design pattern, including but not limited to the classical examples. The GoF emphatically agrees with you. They considered their book a starting point, not the final word. > go and wrap it in a book via some online self publishing platforms. That's what I'm thinking right now. I actually really really look forward to doing layout on a book. I used to be a designer before I was a programmer. > maybe turn it into wiki style website, so that other people could chip in and you would moderate the submitted text. Sometime soon, I'll probably try to get the source repo public and up on github. Then I can take pull requests and let people file issues to fix bugs/errors in the book. I have to do some sanitizing of the repo first, and figure out a license, but it's on my TODO list. > I love this trend, but I'd really love to see an asm.js target. Why? Is "asm.js" just a mnemonic for "magically fast", or is there something specific you think would be gained by not using the full target language JS as a compiler target? Funny, I always considered my emotions to be a feature, not a bug. Life would be pretty boring if nothing ever gave me joy, sadness, relief, anger, gratitude, anxiety, laughter, sorrow, or peace. > Why does everyone want to tie significant amounts of their lifetime earnings into physical property that historically has had very low appreciation in value? I've tied a significant amount of my lifetime earnings into dining out and purchasing music and I can assure you that neither of those has much of a resale value, especially the former. I've never understood this crazy, if not outright insane obsession with maximizing appreciation value. It's like people have forgotten that we make money so that we can spend it making ourselves happy. I'd like to coin a modern update of Zawinski's Law[1]: Every software company attempts to expand until it offers a cloud-based platform API. Those companies which cannot do so are replaced by ones which do. [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamie_Zawinski#Zawinski.27s_law... > arguments about whether or not promises or callbacks are better in Node can run off the right side of the page. Just like the callback-based code does! Hey-ooo! ...I'll see myself out. > The US actually tried to impeach a president for lying about a sexual encounter with a White House intern yet does not seem to care much about a president who despite teaching Constitutional Law (G.W. Bush was not even a lawyer) does not appear to know his primary responsibility as president - to protect and defend the Constitution - and proceeds to violate the sworn oath of allegiance he took (twice) after being elected and reelected. I believe that this is actually literally true: people do care more about the former than the latter. And I think the reasoning is the same psychological flaw that leads to bikeshed[1] arguments. The executive branch manipulating the interpretation of laws to undermine the checks and balances of the Constitution is too huge, complex, and nebulous of an issue for the average voter to understand or know how to feel on. So many of us just sort of assume that other, smarter people will figure out how to fix the problem for us. Meanwhile, we can all relate to and easily come to a moral judgement when it comes to infidelity in a marriage and lying about it in court. We can imagine ourselves in that situation and have a clear picture of what the right thing to do is. With this whole privacy issue, it isn't even clear who the actors are in the story. We all know something bad is going down, but who is doing bad things and why, who is doing good to combat it, and what as citizens should we do to improve the situation? It's huge and overwhelming. [1]: http://bikeshed.com/ > Concurrency is a control flow concept. Couldn't agree more. Also a list of all flow control constructs that doesn't include destructuring pattern match ain't a complete list in my book. if and switch are just special degenerate cases of pattern-matching. Sure, I'm not saying never ever ever use Singletons, just try to limit them. Most games and apps I've seen, even well-written ones, still have a little static state floating around. The idea is just to constrain it, know what problems it causes, and be deliberate about it. Personal interaction is critical to any job unless your boss is a robot. I'm on the Dart team and spent time talking to the corelib team when Streams were first added. I had a proposal at the time to unify streams and futures. My contention was that a future was just a stream that only emits one value and then closes. Florian convinced me that that was trying to hard to jam them together. Instead, there's methods to convert from one to the other when you want: new Stream.fromFuture() Future Stream.toList() Future.asStream() Asynchrony is still quite hard to work with compared to a language with coroutines and blocking, but the Future/Stream distinction doesn't seem to cause many problems in practice. I spent a lot of time as a hobbyist using Reason. I found it super fun to play with, but I ran into two problems: 1. I almost never actually finished anything in it. That's a problem for me in general, but Reason exacerbates it. There are so many knobs to tweak, that I often ended up mired in the minutia of tweaking sounds. I found it hard to stay high level and focus on the music . 2. Compared to, say whaling on a real guitar or keyboard, I found Reason sounded very "dry" out of the box. To get something that didn't sound cheap or reedy, I had to do a lot of set-up: make a synth or two, wire them through a few effects and EQ, tweak everything, add some reverb, tweak some more. I felt like I wanted to decorate a cake, but Reason forced me to go out and thresh some wheat first. This level of control is really powerful if you're into sound design, but made it hard for me to make songs and music . Of course, your mileage may vary. As far as fun toy to play with, though, Reason is a blast. I spent many a happy hour tweaking and playing with little loops. creating a vacuum of knowledge, drawing in stereotypes and prejudice That's a beautiful turn of phrase. Bias up front: I am a Googler. I don't understand the tone of the comments here. I see lots of pitchforks out and pointed at these companies, but I don't get why . Yes, it appears that companies released data to the US government. That seriously sucks. But as far as I can tell, the affected companies are the victims here. They were forced into doing this by the US government. There's no "cooperation" when the US government says "we are legally compelling you to do this". If it wasn't by force, why would any of these companies do it? What's the upside for Microsoft of Twitter to send user data to the government? If it's cooperation, what do they get out of it? I think this letter is a good thing because, even if the US government doesn't respond to it, it communicates that the companies involved are apparently releasing less information than people think. Why would they ask to show the numbers if they were large? The companies here are asking to be more transparent. I can't see how anyone can argue that it isn't a step in the right direction. > That's true, but that any "dynamically-typed and lexically scoped languages" with closures and first-class functions could be considered mainstream is fairly new. When I first started thinking about writing this post, I was considering going from the angle of "JS was Scheme when Crockford said that but now every language has caught up and we're all Scheme now" but somehow a different post fell out of my head when I started writing. it breaks the connection between JavaScript and Java. This is a good point. The defining characteristic of Scheme in the minds of many is really just closures. Almost every modern language except Java has those, so "Scheme" has inadvertently turned into a weird shorthand for "inverse of Java". I think that's too blunt of an instrument to help you reason about any of the languages in question, but I do appreciate encouraging people to think functionally. I'm pretty sure I understand lexical scoping, and this ain't it: function foo() { window.c = "really?" d = {}; function bar() { var a = "var"; { with (d) { var a = b; } } console.log(a); } d.b = c; bar(); } foo(); In the post, I specifically said Scheme had lexical block scoping. So, even if JavaScript had full lexical scoping (which it does not, thanks to with() and the global object), it still wouldn't have block scope (thanks to hoisting, though addressed in ES6), which I think is a defining feature of Scheme's approach to scope. Lexical block scope is broken in (at least) three ways in JS: the global object and with() break lexical scoping, and hoisting breaks block scoping. Strict mode in ES 5 does address the first two, and "let" in ES 6 addresses the latter, so that's good. But at that point, you're talking about the future and not JavaScript as it is today. JavaScript doesn't have complete lexical scope. Consider: function foo() { console.log(whereDidThisComeFrom); } window.whereDidThisComeFrom = "the damn global object"; foo(); And: function foo() { var a = { whereDidThisComeFrom: "a, of all places" }; with (a) { console.log(whereDidThisComeFrom); } } foo(); In both cases, you can't lexically resolve the identifier whereDidThisComeFrom. Thank you! I try very hard to make it worth the reader's time to read it. Humor and interesting phrasing is a big part of that. > The tone of the comments is probably due to the fact that this letter is being written after it was out in the open what these companies were doing. I could be wrong, but I believe Google has been pushing the government to be able to make this public since well before the PRISM story broke. > It's a drop in the bucket compared to what they were legally compelled to do before. Actually, we don't know if there is a bucket or not, which is precisely what Google and others are trying to remedy here. We simply have no data on the scope of what information the government is receiving. > Who at Google failed to tell the truth until it served their own interests? Who decided to meekly comply rather than taking a stand? Google didn't fail to tell the truth here, they (and others) were legally prohibited from doing so. You have to understand if Google were to simply put up a page saying, "We've complied with 1234 NSA requests", people will be thrown in prison . > What would be the likely result if Larry Page made a blog post detailing all the information they are petitioning the government to allow revealing, and then went directly to the media with the same information? He would go to jail. And then, instead of being a powerful executive in a strong position to push the government to do the right thing, he would be powerless. > OOP is about subtype polymorphism [1] by means of runtime single-dispatch I believe CLOS would beg to differ. > That’s one mathematical operation, but a large number of CPU instructions. CPU instructions are what matter here, though, as we see, not as much as cache coherency. I thought it was also a single CPU instruction, but multiple clock cycles . Are you trying to compare interactive software, one of the dominant forms of programs and widely used by billions of people every day, to formula 1 cars, an engineering niche created solely for a set of artificial racing criteria? A better analogy would be being mad that the Tesla can't drive on the interstate. > We're in the golden age of concurrency. Various runtimes are trying various techniques: erlang uses a message-passing actor hammer, async is a bit of an afterthought in C#, Node.js tries to get V8 to do it leveraging callbacks, Haskell pushes forward with a theoretically-sound STM, and new languages like Go implement it deep at the scheduler-level. No, a better analogy is that we're in the Cambrian explosion of concurrency. We have a bunch of really strange lifeforms all evolving very rapidly in weird ways because there's little selection pressure. Once one of these lifeforms turns out to be significantly better, then it will outcompete all of the others and then we'll be in something more like a golden age. Right now, we still clearly don't know what we're doing. Object pools: they allocate objects upfront and re-use instances instead of creating and releasing them. > A function should have one entry point and one exit point; that's the whole point of structured programming. I think a reasonable primary source for "the whole point of structured programming" is Dijkstra's "Go To Statement Considered Harmful"[1]. It's a short article and once you get past his writing style, his point is simple and lucid. In the first part he lays out a simple question: given a program text, how much information do you need to track of to correctly identify where the program is currently executing at some point in time and how it got there? Roughly, if you were paused in the debugger, how much state does the debugger have to hold in order to be able to resume where it left off? He's asking this because the smaller amount of state required for this, the easier it is for a human to look at a program text and figure out what can happen while it's running dynamically . If all your language had was assignment statements, it's simple: you basically just need a single line number. Adding "if" and "switch" for branching doesn't add any more complexity. And, of course, reading code like this is pretty trivial. If you have procedure calls (and by implication, recursion), you need a stack of those numbers, which is exactly what the callstack in your debugger holds. When you add "while" and "for" for looping, you need to keep track of how times you've gone around the loop. Now, if you add "go to" everything goes to hell. If you're on line 10, did you get there because you were on line 9 before, or because you jumped to it, or some random combination of those? It's a total mess. Then he says: > I do not claim that the clauses mentioned are exhaustive in the sense that they will satisfy all needs, but whatever clauses are suggested (e.g. abortion clauses) they should satisfy the requirement that a programmer independent coordinate system can be maintained to describe the process in a helpful and manageable way. Here he's saying you can add any other "clauses" (flow control constructs) to a language that you want as long as you don't add to the amount of state you need to store to keep track of how you got there. For example, adding an "unless" statement that works like "if" but only has an "else" clause instead of a "then" clause is peachy. You don't need any additional data to keep track of where you are. You know what else doesn't require adding any additional data? Early returns. So as far as Dijkstra is concerned, no, avoiding early returns is not at all the point of structured programming. [1]: http://www.u.arizona.edu/~rubinson/copyright_violations/Go_T... > If such an uproarious event happened to the author, why on earth hold on to the story for "a few weeks"? The author said this happened Wednesday (yesterday). The "few weeks ago" was when she searched for pressure cookers and imagined alerts going out. God, what a terrible idea. That would exclude Man Ray, Sir Thomas More, Murray Head, Tex Avery, Kimiko Date, Rollie Fingers, James Last, and even Steve Jobs! Or better: more than one. Most games I worked on had a few different allocators specialized for different uses. > if you're targeting mobile, there's usually only one thing that matters: There are two things that matter, actually: 1. How quickly can you get your app up and running and responding to user input? 2. Once that's done, can you continue to maintain 60 fps? > "Tubes located on pylons would limit access to the critical elements of the system." is meant to mean in §4.5.6 I'd be grateful... You don't have to worry about cows wandering into oncoming vehicles like you do with cars and trains. It's also harder for non-determined people with malicious intent to interfere with operations. A determined attacker can, of course, scale pylons. But you don't have to worry about stuff like kids lobbing bricks from overpasses, or people pushing others onto subway tracks. > something like this has never been built before That was true of everything, once. > Do you often read the output of some library macros that the C pre-compiler generates? I do when they have bugs in them. :( > if someone talks to you about dangers of such things as marijuana while sipping wine or beer - you're talking to either dangerously ignorant or dangerously dull person. Or maybe you're talking to someone smart enough to realize that just because a bunch of things are in the same category , that doesn't make them equivalent . > get drunk every night like the goof in the article The author didn't say he gets drunk every night, he said he drinks every night. I have a beer or a glass of wine with dinner most nights. I get drunk (i.e. have more than one drink, feel drunk, feel worse the next morning) with a much lower frequency. > how much more dangerous alcohol can be than marijuana or many other drugs. That may be true but is irrelevant. The original claim was that someone talking about the dangers of marijuana while drinking is an idiot. My claim is that talking about one says nothing about their knowledge of the other since they are different things . I can talk about the dangers of bear attacks while driving a car. I can talk about the dangers of flying while using a ladder. That doesn't make me a hypocrite, it just means I'm not spending every waking moment sorting my activities and discussion points by aggregate danger level. I use the visitor pattern in interpreters, parsers, and compilers all the time . Outside of the language domain, though, I've almost never reached for it. Decorator is a cool idea, but I haven't found much use for it in practice. Maybe this makes me an odd C++ user, but in the fifteen years I've been using it, I've never actually used exceptions. I would solve his "how do you handle a failed constructor" problem by either: 1. Try to define classes where construction can't fail and the class is always in a valid state. This works most of the time. Failing constructors are pretty rare in my experience. 2. If it can fail, limit it to classes that can only be constructed on the heap. Encapsulate the failure code in a static method that wraps the constructor which can itself never fail. In other words: class Foo { public: // Creates a new Foo or returns NULL on failure. Foo* create() { Bar* bar = doThingWhichMayFailAndReturnNull(); if (!bar) return NULL; return new Foo(bar); } private: Foo(Bar* bar) : bar(bar) {} Bar* bar; }; This way it is impossible to get a Foo that's in an invalid state, but no exception-handling is required. The caller does have to check for NULL, of course. 3. If I do want to have a class that can be stack-allocated (usually so I can use RAII) and can possibly fail, define an explicit invalid state for the class and check that. Like: class Connection { public: Connection() { connected = openConnection(); } ~Connection() { if (connected) closeConnection(); } // Outside code is responsible for checking this. bool isConnected() const { return connected; } private: bool connected; // True if in valid state. }; I think I generally have the same philosophy as the author. I don't like exceptions (in C++, I love them in other languages), and I really don't like broken-state objects. But that doesn't seem insurmountable to me. Disclosure: I am a Googler, though not working on anything remotely near YouTube. Obvious caveat: this is just my personal opinion. > With this backdrop, we temporarily took down our full-featured app when Google objected to it last May If I remember right, this full-featured app included features like: 1. Allowing users to download videos even when the content provider disallowed that. 2. Allowing users to not view ads even when the content provider specifically required ads to be shown. 3. Using YouTube's branding without permission. I am but a lowly engineer and the actions of executives confuse me, but I don't see how Microsoft didn't realize the above was batshit crazy. I can only assume this is some sort of weird ploy. YouTube's entire business model is about getting content providers to put videos up there so that people will watch ads to see them. If you let people take videos off the site, or just skip the ads, that breaks the fundamental business proposition. This would be like me making an Android app called "Bing from Micrsoft" that let you perform bing searches but then stripped out all of the ads. Microsoft would shut that shit down, with good reason. > When we first built a YouTube app for Windows Phone, we did so with the understanding that Google claimed to grow its business based on open access to its platforms and content, a point it reiterated last year. "Open access to content" doesn't mean "ignore the requirements of the people who created that content". People make their livelihoods producing YouTube videos and the only way that money flows to those creators is because of ads. If you make a Windows Phone app that lets you watch Cooking with Dog without the ads, you aren't doing Francis any favors by giving out "open access" to his content. (Yes, I did just imply that they are the dog's videos. He is the host, after all.) I spend entirely too much time watching Cooking with Dog and Essential Pépin with my kids. In the first example, he creates a unique closure per point instance and places it on the point itself. In the second example, he creates a single closure and places it on the point's prototype. Unsurprisingly, creating one object is faster than creating a thousand of them. I'm not sure why the author thinks this has anything to do with closures. I'm glad I know enough to realize how utterly terrible this post is, but I really feel bad for someone who doesn't know better and actually thinks there's something of value here. They will come away a worse JavaScript programmer then they were before. There's no "perhaps" here. Of course they knew this would happen. That's the whole point . It's right there in the name: they're terrorists because they create terror . The US is now terrified and burning piles of cash and lashing out at its own citizens, which is exactly what the terrorists wanted to happen. God, what a terrible article. So we canceled the surgery and started the scheduling process all over again, this time classifying my patient as a "self-pay" (or uninsured) patient. Yeah, how well does that strategy work when you're having a heart attack and are moments from death? I quoted him a reasonable upfront cash price, as did the anesthesiologist. We contacted a different hospital and they quoted him a reasonable upfront cash price for the outpatient surgical/nursing services. And what would have been his recourse if the doctors all came back and said, "Sorry, $20,000 is our best offer. Pony up!"? It's not like you can typically elect not to get medical care without dire consequences, so the demand structure is totally broken for an efficient market. And, of course, we're taking the doctor at his word that his price was "reasonable". How on Earth is a layperson supposed to know what a "reasonable" price for a medical operation is? I don't even know what a reasonable price for having a plumber come over and fix a leaky drain is! The author is arguing that we should use a free market for healthcare. He cites exactly one anecdote where a free market exchange happened to have worked out in the patient's benefit and then generalizes that to the entire healthcare industry. But he completely fails to take into account the fact that healthcare is about as far from an efficient market as you can get: 1. Patients often need healthcare right now or they will die which does not give them the time, opportunity or mindset to weigh alternatives and make an informed choice. 2. Patients are often unconscious when healthcare decisions must be made. 3. Patients are constrained in their choices by time and place. When you need healthcare, you often need it immediately and are unable to travel, which means you can only choose from the venues nearby. 4. Quality of product is nigh impossible for a patient to ascertain. You might be able to find the outcome history for a few care providers you're considering, but that presumes you can reliably tell which doctor will actually be the one to give you care. If you take a turn for the worse when they're off duty, now it's out of your hands. 5. Patients can't pick and choose pieces of care. Assuming somehow you do have the data to make decisions about which nurses, facilities, equipment, doctors, and anesthesiologists you want, you can't pick and choose them and assemble your own A-Team. No one argues that the medical system isn't broken, but arguing that we should replace it with individual customer chosen free markets is making the claim that somehow a bunch of stressed out amateurs with little time or medical knowledge who are currently suffering a medical malady will somehow be able to bargain more effectively than what we see now. Of course it was done by somebody Russian. This is your friendly reminder that slippery slope is a logical fallacy. It's interesting that you can almost always spot the university areas in a city on this map by looking for the cluster of asians. > Thank you Mozilla. Don't forget Google either. The Web Components spec [1] was created by Googlers (along with contributions from lots of other people, of course). [1]: http://www.w3.org/TR/2013/WD-components-intro-20130606/ "Cray cray" and by extension just "cray" are vernacular ways of saying "crazy". This is my friendly reminder to finish my coffee before commenting on the internet. > I will buy a Kindle so I can read my past purchases via that It says it works with the Kindle app too, so you can use any of your existing devices for this as well. Beautiful but restarting from the beginning on the slightest mistake makes this game negative fun to play. > It's great to see someone treat their child's privacy with some value, instead of using them as a way to endear themselves to virtual friends I don't know about you, but I use social networks to share photos with my real friends. Why would I want virtual friends? > I have close to zero knowledge of the history here, so can someone comment on how many grains of salt this should be taken with? Not many, as far as I know. Kenton worked on Protobufs at Google for years, so he should know exactly what he's doing here. Tries haven't been entirely neglected. Quadtrees and octrees are their 2- and 3D analogues, and those are very common in games, renderers and other spatial simulations. I found the "If everyone lived as densely as..." hard to parse. A better way to say it is: "To give everyone as much space as the average Alaskan has, we'd need 108 Earths." Delegation seems pretty similar to inheritance to me. What am I missing? > To apply the uniform access principle to the Part type, we could change the struct definition and provide setter/getter methods If you have to apply it, it isn't uniform access. The point of the principle is that the call-site shouldn't distinguish between getters and fields so that the implementer can change that decision freely without breaking callers. Nice article, though! Should have patented it! If you don't fear deleting words you wrote, it's unlikely you'll be able to finish writing a good book. You're either be too paralyzed to write anything, or you'll write garbage (because all first drafts are garbage) and then be unwilling to revise it. I don't think prose maps neatly to programming. With code, the endless abstraction features of the language make the ratio of LOC/# features very fungible and gaming the former often doesn't help the latter. With prose, sure, the structure and outline of your book will affect its size, but my experience (60k words into a ~90k book) is that a certain amount of material takes a certain amount of words and you just have to work to get through them. Writing is a marathon and it helps to have some mile markers. Yes, Clojure has "protocols", which allow multiple dynamic dispatch on generic functions. http://clojure.org/protocols > This was in June, so it's summer, and the father was supposed to drop the baby off at daycare, but forgot; don't know why... but came and left the baby in the car, and came into work. Several years ago, I almost did the same thing with my infant daughter. Put her car seat in the back seat. Got in. Started driving. On auto-pilot started heading towards the office. It was only when she happened to make a sound (she often slept on the way to daycare) that I remembered she was still in the truck. A combination of factors led to this: 1. I wasn't getting anywhere near enough sleep at night with feedings every few hours. 2. Carseats can't go in the front seat anymore. Good for safety, but bad for remembering a kid is in the car since they're out of sight. 3. Did I mention I wasn't getting enough sleep? Spam isn't a security problem, it's an abuse problem. All spam protection systems I know of rely at least somewhat on secret special sauce. Googler here. If you want to seek a promotion, you can nominate yourself or others can nominate you. When that happens, a packet is assembled for you. It includes your self-review, and reviews from a number of your peers as well as your managers. That packet goes to a committee likely made up of people who don't know you who then reach a decision about your promotion. That's a simplification, but that's the basic idea. Your manager has a large influence on your success: to get promoted you need to show accomplishments, and that depends on you being given important work to do. But, compared to other companies, the process is much less biased by your manager. Your peers have a huge influence on your ability to get promoted. I worked at EA when they tried a similar model. It was astonishingly effective at slaughtering any technology shared across game teams. Large companies get economies of scale by being able to reuse technology across multiple revenue generating products. If your compensation system can't accommodate that, you'll lose it. For kicks, here's Dart versions of those: Reducing boilerplate for loop code: var index = 0; for (var el in arr) { el.doThing(index++); } Dart hasn't really optimizing for iterating over a collection with indices since we don't find that very common in real-world code. Better iteration over objects: obj.forEach((k, v) => print("$k is $v")); Here, obj is a map data structure, not a random object since Dart distinguishes objects and data structures. Default function params: foobar([foo = "default", bar = "shmefault") { // Go on... } String interpolation: str = "There are $num ${item}s available for \$$price each" > And Dijkstra considered goto harmful. He wasn't right either. He was right. The kind of goto he specifically and clearly elucidates in his paper has utterly vanished from modern programming. He's not talking about Torvalds using a little `goto` to jump to the error-handling at the end of a function. He's talking about unstructured programming: gotos that jump across procedure boundaries, or where "procedure boundary" isn't even a meaningful concept. OK, since you asked: > The sound wave produced by a piano note is a simple sine wave. No, it's not. A piano note is a complicated stack of overtones (some of which are harmonic and some of which aren't) and transients. If it was just a sine wave, it would sound like a sine wave and not like a piano. This is part of why things like Shazam are so difficult: musical notes aren't just a single frequency in the FFT, they are a stack of them. > You could just tell them a handful of numbers—the sizes of the different circles in the picture above. This is actually the exact same number of numbers as in the time-domain series. Taking the FFT on its own doesn't reduce the amount of data, it's about discarding or compressing some of the frequencies after you do. > The really high notes aren’t so important (our ears can barely hear them), so MP3s throw them out, resulting in added data compression. This is only part of what MP3's do, and at high bitrates this really is inaudible. The main source of compression is that the precision of the numbers used to represent the amplitude of the sine waves is reduced. When you have a loud sound and a quiet sound at the same time, the loud sound will "drown out" the quiet one (called "auditory masking"). You won't be able to hear the quiet one, or one be able to hear it precisely. MP3 and other audio codecs take advantage of that by encoding quieter frequencies with less fidelity when there are other louder frequencies at the same time. You don't notice the loss of precision since it's buried under louder sounds. > Just as MP3s throw out the really high notes, JPEGs throw out the really tiny circles. This is off too. If JPEG discarded high-frequency signals, you would just be blurring the entire image. It would be exactly like saving it scaled down and then scaling it back up with some smooth interpolation. Obviously, JPEGs don't appear to be stretched out thumbnails, so that isn't what happens. Instead, it's not that high-frequency signals are discarded , it's that their precision is reduced. Human eyes are quite good at detecting sharp edges and fine details. What they aren't good at is detecting how sharp an edge is. We can definitely see a break between two colors, but we can't accurately detect the magnitude of that the difference. JPEG takes advantage of that by rounding off those high-frequency variances to nearby values. That means there are fewer possible values at high frequencies, so fewer bits are needed to encode them. I realize I'm being a negative Nancy here. I really liked your post and I agree 100% on how awesome the Fourier transform is. It's also quite hard to describe it in an approachable way, and you've done an admirable job. I just get bugged when simplifications for a lay audience are actually off the mark. Great article, except for the last paragraph. The duration that you work has little to do with your reward structure. If you had a one hour workday, at any time of your choosing, but were then paid cash afterwards, you'd still nullify the effect. If anything, I think the effect is an indictment of hourly wages, as opposed to salary or some other outcome-based compensation. > I haven't seen anyone mention what I suspect is the target audience for Chromebooks - aging Americans. Not just aging Americans, but kids of aging Americans buying computers for their parents . That's why "no viruses" and "no configuration" are such big deals: Chromebooks are a solution to the dreaded "home for the holidays, spending eight hours fixing Dad's horribly infested PC" problem. > I think a well-designed tool would easily allow the user to undo the silly thing he just did. Agreed. From a usability perspective, undo is always best. Especially undo that the user: 1) knows about, 2) trusts, and 3) is fast. That encourages exploration and lets users fix mistakes. > their mistake has now limited the actions that every other user of the system can make, because the system will be modified to prevent other users from making the same mistake. I don't think this is a black and white issue. It's not about denying all users the ability to express X ever again. I think it's more about having systems that can tell if X is an unusual or heavyweight action and say, "Hey, you're about to do X, which impacts a lot of stuff and you've never done before. Are you sure that's what you mean?" It's velvet rope permissions, not a locked door. > Maybe a new virtual machine along with a high-level language will magically materialize out of thin air? Dart[1] is high-level, and has a clean, fast VM implementation. Also, ARM support[2]. [1] https://www.dartlang.org/ [2] https://code.google.com/p/dart/source/browse/branches/bleedi... I dislike jargon, but in this case, neither "efficient" nor "fast" captures the same concept as "performant". First, both are open-ended and relative. "Fast" and "efficient" compared to what? A cheetah is "fast", but it's not fast if I'm trying to use them to propel fighter jets. If I say, "my code is fast", am I saying it's fast enough for the problem at hand? Faster than it was before? Fast compared to most other code that solves the same problem? "Efficient" has all of the same problems and it's also ambiguous. If my library is efficient, does that mean it runs fast? Starts up fast? Uses memory efficiently? Bandwidth? "Performant" is etymologically strange, but in the place I've seen it used, it has an effective, precise meaning: "well-performing in speed relative to the needs of the problem". It means "fast enough" without the negative connotations of "enough", sort of like "plenty fast". Likewise, it's negation is usefully precise, "not performant" means "however fast it is, that isn't enough for our needs". > I knew how productive and skilled the 10x prickly developer was How? What makes you so sure you weren't biased? > It's interesting how the word "nude" boosts posts to the top We're mammals. Despite our large cerebrums and ability for abstract reasoning, we're still primates. Of course we're drawn to sex, food, and emotion. I think it's more interesting that we're surprised by this. Sure, it's good to try to overcome your bestial nature, but pretending it isn't there at all seems a bit silly. > You would not need HTTPS on an internal network. Oh, really? http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/nsa-in... > What is it now that is the equivalent of writing our own screen handling routines? Centering something using CSS. :( The top level of a Dart program is a group of definitions, like in Java or C#, instead of a series of imperative statements. That makes it easier for static analysis, since you don't have strange constructs like: if (itsTuesday) { class Foo { ... } } It also means mutual recursion just works, without weird semantic shenanigans like hoisting in JavaScript. In Dart, the top-level is "simultaneous": all of those definitions are static with no mixing of side-effecting imperative code at the top-level which would make ordering matter. The main side-effect of this approach is that you have to wrap your entrypoint imperative code in a main() function. It's a pretty small price to pay, especially in an application with thousands of lines of code. Hi, I'm on the Dart team. > Dart has all the perils of an embrace and extinguish situation even if it is not the intention. I'm not sure what you mean by "perils" here, but if it's just "by deciding to use a product, you could end up following it in a bad direction if they do that", I'm not sure how that's different from any other product. Any technology can go in unpredicted directions. > Developers commit to Dart only to find in the future that the DartVM/Dart2JS targets have differing behavior or levels of attention. Historically, the dart2js team has had as many or more resources than the VM team. If you consider the past a predictor of the future, then this shouldn't be a concern. > And then suddenly Dart apps require Chrome and we end up with same IE6 mess again. That would be pretty crazy of us, though, right? We want our language to be successful. Intentionally making it only work on a minority of browsers (and the unbelievably massive negative political repercussions of doing that) wouldn't exactly do much for Dart's adoption. I'm trying to imagine some nefarious scenario where that could happen, and I'm having trouble conjuring one up. Evil Chrome exec: Well done, minion! Dart is successful and has lots of users! Now is our chance to attack! Evil Dart exec: What have you in mind, O Master? Evil Chrome exec: Now we'll add a feature to Dart that only the VM supports. Users will have to use Chrome in order to run apps that use that feature! Mua-hahahaha! Evil Dart exec: But master, why would a developer use that feature if they know it will prevent millions of users from running their app? Evil Chrome exec: Uh... it will be such a delightful feature they won't be able to resist. Like... I don't know, currying or something. Evil Dart exec: But what happens if someone just sends us a patch to implement it dart2js too? Evil Chrome exec: Well, don't land it, obviously! Evil Dart exec: What should we say in the code review? Evil Chrome exec: Why do you bother me with these details? Just move ahead with our plan! Evil Dart exec: Remind me again what our plan is master? Evil Chrome exec: To force the world to use Chrome! Soon, we will be as successful as IE6 was! Evil Dart exec: Not to question your wisdom, master, but IE is no longer the dominant browser, so that didn't work out well for them, did it? Also, developers now universally revile IE because of their practices. We'd be shunned if we did something like that. > most of the JS community were quite ready to check out dart as soon as it was released. There are definitely early adopter, bleeding edge types who love to look at things that are brand new. But we've gotten a lot of feedback from developers saying they are interested in Dart but not comfortable using it in mission-critical apps when the language is still changing. Going 1.0 is a big deal for those people. > I've seen more typescript interest than I have dart interest, again because type safety has nothing to do with unnecessary verbosity. I'm not sure what you mean here. My experience has been that Dart is a good bit more terse than TypeScript (getting rid of "this." everywhere certainly helps). Are you trying to say Dart is unnecessarily verbose, or that that doesn't matter? > In order to do so though, they should at least make a spawnString (like isolate's spawnUri) or even better, have the ability to JIT dart code by string but not execute it right away. Of all of the core libraries in Dart (core, html, io, async, etc.) the isolate library has had the least attention so far. Now that those other libraries are stable, I'm hoping the corelib folks will have the time to give isolates some much needed love. I definitely want spawnString() too and we've had to do some gross workarounds in pub to deal with its absence (dumping stuff to temp files). > I see no effort on their side bringing any of those language into the native world of Android The Dart VM supports ARM, and I've seen prototypes that get it running on Android. The team hasn't had much time to put into it yet , but I wouldn't infer that that says much about what we'll do in the future. (Not that I'm making any promises, either.) I don't know anything about what went into deciding which companies were mentioned in the announcement, but I know for certain I and others on the team have a ton of respect and gratitude for all of the help you and Kai have given us. Thanks! The only post I saw from you on that was main(). I'll reply there. If you allowed top-level imperative code to mix with non-imperative definitions, it gets really semantically squishy. Top-level variables in Dart are lazy-initialized, which lets their order not matter. But variables in imperative code are initialized at definition time. How does the language tell which one it should prefer if it allows both at the top level? Also, if you import a library that contains this top-level imperative code, how do you invoke it? Is it invoked automatically? When? How does that play with cyclic imports? The small amount of overhead of a main() method solves all of that. > mraleph told me that I'm incorrect - apparently the transpiler does global type inference on the code and will only generate a function call if the type needs it (or if it can't figure out the type) Exactly right. We need to do that, or numeric code would be impossibly slow when compiled to JS. It's important to remember that the "goto" Dijkstra is talking about is very different from the "goto" that C programmers use. He's talk about unstructured goto: jumping from the middle of one function to another, or across scopes . "Goto" as another local flow control construct is relatively innocuous. > At 4, they'll eat the components when you're not looking. This is highly dependent on the kid. My experience is that some are "eaters" and take a long time to outgrow it while others just never really get into the mode of learning by mouth. > I recommend you take another look. Actually, I recommend you take another look. Chrome's tabs are significantly more rounded than in your illustration. The article mentions "U.S." nine times and "world" only once in "World War II". I'm confused as to how you could have interpreted it to be about world inequality. This was a great post because I've heard of "k-means" but assumed it required more math than my idle curiosity would be willing to handle. I love algorithms, though, and now I feel like I have a handle on this. That's awesome! However, the higher level point of the post "ML is easy!" seems more than a little disingenuous. Knowing next to nothing about machine learning, obvious questions still come to mind: Since you start with random points, are you guaranteed to reach a global maximum? Can it get stuck? How do you know how many clusters you want? How do I pick K? This assumes that distance in the vector space strongly correlates to "similarity" in the thing I'm trying to understand. How do I know my vector model actually does that? (For example, how does the author know "has some word" is a useful metric for measuring post similarity?) I like what I got out of the post a lot, but the "this is easy" part only seems easy because it swept the hard part under the rug. > I'd prefer the reverse: offices as the default (two people per office okay, as long as there's space) with open space (with portable white boards, bean bag chairs, desks) in the middle for ad-hoc design/discussions. I've worked in environments like that. Unfortunately, the open space looks like "not working" to people and is highly visible. Since no one wants to be publicly seen as not working, they just ended up being a very nicely decorated and inviting ghost town. "That’s what work is: It is a vacillation between collaboration and solitary exploration." It's weird that the author notes that, but then proposes that the solution to focusing on one half of the vacillation is to just focus on the other half instead. Surely the ideal is to support both . If I could I would run an experiment like this: 1. Have a large number of small, quiet office-like spaces. 2. Have a big open plan area. 3. Have a fixed schedule during the day where for a certain number of hours, everyone is required to be in the open plan area. You can still hack there if you want, but you're expected to be there, and you understand that during that time you're free to interrupt and be interrupted. The reason for making the open space mandatory is so that people actually go there. If it's optional, then it looks like people only go to the open spaces to not do "real" work. Since no one wants to be seen slacking, the open space just ends up unused. > I can understand that a programmer who reaches a certain level wants to build his own language, but do they really think that the world is waiting for yet another programming language? Lots of people build model trains. They aren't trying to compete with Amtrak. I'm working on a little object-oriented scripting language: You appear to be advocating a new: [X] functional [X] imperative [X] object-oriented [ ] procedural [ ] stack-based [ ] "multi-paradigm" [ ] lazy [X] eager [ ] statically-typed [X] dynamically-typed [ ] pure [X] impure [ ] non-hygienic [ ] visual [ ] beginner-friendly [ ] non-programmer-friendly [ ] completely incomprehensible programming language. Your language will not work. Here is why it will not work. You appear to believe that: [ ] Syntax is what makes programming difficult [X] Garbage collection is free [X] Computers have infinite memory [ ] Nobody really needs: [ ] concurrency [ ] a REPL [X] debugger support [X] IDE support [ ] I/O [ ] to interact with code not written in your language [ ] The entire world speaks 7-bit ASCII [X] Scaling up to large software projects will be easy [ ] Convincing programmers to adopt a new language will be easy [ ] Convincing programmers to adopt a language-specific IDE will be easy [ ] Programmers love writing lots of boilerplate [ ] Specifying behaviors as "undefined" means that programmers won't rely on them [ ] "Spooky action at a distance" makes programming more fun Unfortunately, your language (has/lacks): [+] comprehensible syntax [-] semicolons [-] significant whitespace [-] macros [-] implicit type conversion [+] explicit casting [-] type inference [-] goto [-] exceptions [+] closures [ ] tail recursion [+] coroutines [+] reflection [+] subtyping [-] multiple inheritance [+] operator overloading [ ] algebraic datatypes [ ] recursive types [ ] polymorphic types [ ] covariant array typing [ ] monads [ ] dependent types [+] infix operators [+] nested comments [ ] multi-line strings [ ] regexes [ ] call-by-value [ ] call-by-name [+] call-by-reference [ ] call-cc The following philosophical objections apply: [ ] Programmers should not need to understand category theory to write "Hello, World!" [ ] Programmers should not develop RSI from writing "Hello, World!" [ ] The most significant program written in your language is its own compiler [X] The most significant program written in your language isn't even its own compiler [X] No language spec [X] "The implementation is the spec" [ ] The implementation is closed-source [ ] covered by patents [ ] not owned by you [ ] Your type system is unsound [ ] Your language cannot be unambiguously parsed [ ] a proof of same is attached [ ] invoking this proof crashes the compiler [ ] The name of your language makes it impossible to find on Google [X] Interpreted languages will never be as fast as C [X] Compiled languages will never be "extensible" [ ] Writing a compiler that understands English is AI-complete [ ] Your language relies on an optimization which has never been shown possible [ ] There are less than 100 programmers on Earth smart enough to use your language [ ] ____________________________ takes exponential time [ ] ____________________________ is known to be undecidable Your implementation has the following flaws: [ ] CPUs do not work that way [ ] RAM does not work that way [ ] VMs do not work that way [ ] Compilers do not work that way [ ] Compilers cannot work that way [ ] Shift-reduce conflicts in parsing seem to be resolved using rand() [X] You require the compiler to be present at runtime [ ] You require the language runtime to be present at compile-time [ ] Your compiler errors are completely inscrutable [ ] Dangerous behavior is only a warning [ ] The compiler crashes if you look at it funny [ ] The VM crashes if you look at it funny [X] You don't seem to understand basic optimization techniques [ ] You don't seem to understand basic systems programming [ ] You don't seem to understand pointers [ ] You don't seem to understand functions Additionally, your marketing has the following problems: [ ] Unsupported claims of increased productivity [ ] Unsupported claims of greater "ease of use" [ ] Obviously rigged benchmarks [ ] Graphics, simulation, or crypto benchmarks where your code just calls handwritten assembly through your FFI [ ] String-processing benchmarks where you just call PCRE [ ] Matrix-math benchmarks where you just call BLAS [ ] Noone really believes that your language is faster than: [X] assembly [X] C [X] FORTRAN [X] Java [ ] Ruby [ ] Prolog [ ] Rejection of orthodox programming-language theory without justification [ ] Rejection of orthodox systems programming without justification [ ] Rejection of orthodox algorithmic theory without justification [ ] Rejection of basic computer science without justification Taking the wider ecosystem into account, I would like to note that: [ ] Your complex sample code would be one line in: _______________________ [ ] We already have an unsafe imperative language [X] We already have a safe imperative OO language [ ] We already have a safe statically-typed eager functional language [ ] You have reinvented Lisp but worse [ ] You have reinvented Javascript but worse [ ] You have reinvented Java but worse [ ] You have reinvented C++ but worse [ ] You have reinvented PHP but worse [ ] You have reinvented PHP better, but that's still no justification [ ] You have reinvented Brainfuck but non-ironically In conclusion, this is what I think of you: [ ] You have some interesting ideas, but this won't fly. [X] This is a bad language, and you should feel bad for inventing it. [ ] Programming in this language is an adequate punishment for inventing it. Exactly right: this was when I worked at EA. :) I'm going to offer an alternate suggestion. If you want to learn how to program compilers, or any other new domain for that matter, start in a language you're already comfortable with. That way, you're only learning one new thing at a time. Perhaps it's rather as the author believes in an objective reality, where there is one true valuation of a thing Wait, are you proposing that this is actually the case? That all things have one true real value? That if the entire world likes pistachios but I don't, my perceived low value of pistachio is somehow objectively wrong and needs correction? People value things differently. Whether its because of individual preference, or just different circumstances, the fundamental proposition of commerce is that people want different stuff. If I have a banana tree and you have a goat, one banana is worth less to me than a cup of goat milk. Meanwhile, a cup of goat milk is worth less to you than a banana. We exchange and now we're both better off. This is the whole reason commerce works: because it's a non-zero game . people perceive as "cachet" is actually BS and can be bad for them I'm just flummoxed here that someone can just flatly declare that another's perceptions of their own preferences are bullshit. "No, dude, you really hate chocolate. Trust me. Yeah, that feeling of satisfaction you have right now. Not real. Don't smile like that. It's a fake smile! You hate it!" How does that make sense? > This important as the price can then form the key of a hash table. Size of the hash table should be the limits of price in your book Assuming I read you right, I think I would characterize this more as a pigeonhole sort[1] than a hash table. Which makes sense: the goal here is a sorted collection. And, if you have a known range of values, it's hard to beat a pigeonhole sort for that. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pigeonhole_sort You jest, but you'd actually get surprisingly far just doing: void* malloc(size_t size) { static void* everything = 0; void* result = everything; everything += size; return result; } When people are hacking together VMs for garbage collected languages, the first allocator often looks like this until they get around to actually collecting the garbage. In case the automated cars weren't enough of a wake up call, this is a pretty clear indication that the millions (billions?) of people we currently employ to do low-skill manual labor will be out of a job before too long. If we don't come up with useful for things for them to fill their time with, it's going to be a hugely destabilizing force in society. > Now I work in video games, not curing cancer, but in my search I was looking for a company that at least did no harm. Ironically, one of the reasons I left EA was that I saw my CTO and half of the programmers around me assigned to the task of figuring out how to outsource more development. That didn't seem like a winning proposition to me. > How to be a responsible engineer who doesn't get people killed. Actually, the above oath will maximize the number of people killed if the sworn engineer happens to be working on a weapon. There is absolutely nothing in that oath about not doing harm. > Freeing it is a bit of pain of course, but you could build a freelist out of the chunks that are free. If you want a much longer explanation of this technique, I wrote a chapter about object pools[1] that discusses exactly this[2]. [1] http://gameprogrammingpatterns.com/object-pool.html [2] http://gameprogrammingpatterns.com/object-pool.html#faster-particle-creation It does a disservice to the facts of apartheid to compare the US in 1964 to SA at the same time. While, yes, there were many many racial problems in the US, there were no race-based federal laws. The Civil Rights Act was passed to prohibit racial laws at the state level. Meanwhile, in South Africa: All citizens had to carry a card identifying their race. (Population Registration Act) It was specifically legally allowed to segregate public facilities (parks, hospitals, transportation, etc.). In addition, facilities were specifically allowed to be unequal for different races or even non-existent. (Reservation of Separate Amenities Act) Property was legally divided by race and you could only live in areas alloted to your race. (Group Areas Act) Federal law controlled which jobs you were allowed to hold based on your race. High skill jobs were reserved for whites and blacks were prohibited from holding them. (Mines and Works Act, Native Building Workers Act) Blacks were legally prohibited from striking or forming unions. Whites had no such restriction. (Native Labour (Settlement of Disputes) Act, Industrial Conciliation Act) Schools were legally segregated by race, which led (either intentionally or not) to radically inferior schooling for blacks. In the 70s, per capita spending on black education was one-tenth of the spending on white. (Bantu Education Act, Extension of University Education Act et. al.) It was a federal crime, punishable by up to five years in prison to engage in inter-racial sex involving a white person. Inter-racial marriage was likewise outlawed. (Immorality Act, Prohibition of Mixed Marriages Act) And this is just the beginning . There were dozens of other pieces of legislation that specifically encoded race-based selection into federal law. It's astonishing how horrendous South Africa was in a time where most other developed countries were what we think of as "modern". That's correct. It patches the "next" pointer of the previous object to point past the freed object. It's a pointer to a pointer to handle the case where you're freeing the first object in the list. In that case, it's "firstObject" that needs to be modified, not some Object's "next" pointer. Using a pointer to a pointer (while admittedly harder to read at first) lets you handle both of those cases with the same code. Yup, I got the idea for this from Linus. Before then, I've always done the uglier "if this is the first node then ..." special case branch instead. If there was a Pulitzer Prize for linkbait tech journalism titles, surely "4 Reasons Why Apple’s iBeacon Is About to Disrupt Interaction Design" would win it. It could only be better if it was tinged with a little fear-mongering. Everything about your post is correct except the "No,". Googlers have both OKRs and snippets. I've experienced this first-hand on more than one occasion when I was a game developer at EA. Production consistently rewarded fire-fighters without realizing they were in fact encouraging arson (though fires were always through incompetence and not intentional gaming of the system as far as I know). If the people who put out fires consistently get the best rewards, don't be surprised when a lot of things catch on fire. The challenge is that you want to reward the most skilled people . However, "skill" isn't easily visible to some managers. Instead, they observe that: effort = difficulty / skill They can't measure skill directly, so they note the above and try to solve for it. But that only works if you can measure difficulty . That's no easier to measure than skill. The mistake they make (as in the post here) is that they just assume difficulty is a constant. If you're going to use effort as a metric for skill, you must have a measure of the intrinsic difficulty of the task . If you can't directly measure your employees' skill or the difficulty of the tasks you've given them, you've got real problems. This seems like a terrible idea to me. I believe the entire world of open source functions based on intrinsic motivation: people participate because the act of participation itself is enjoyable. This has some flaws (less fun stuff like docs don't get as much love), but unlocks a huge pool of untapped motivation in people. Studies have shown that if you add in even a small amount of extrinsic motivation (i.e. pay people) it dramatically affects their perception of intrinsic reward. In other words, if you pay someone for doing the exact same thing , the task becomes less enjoyable . If we start throwing cash around, it's going to have a huge impact on the psychological aspect of open-source, and probably not for the better. > These studies are typically set up such that there's no choice; you have kids (usually) There's a lot more literature behind this than just studies with kids, though I'm a total novice here. Here's[1] a painfully detailed meta-analysis I found. > Developers that are attracted to OWS projects because of this reward probably won't stay if the reward is removed, but I'm not sure, and don't predict, that OWS projects will attract fewer developers overall because of this. Reducing this down to just "more or fewer contributors" is the kind of over-simplifying that I worry about here. The software industry is not historically people-savvy, and open source is an entirely social phenomenon. It's easy to mess things up. I'm less worried about the number of people changing than I am their relationship with the projects they work on changing. Right now, if I send someone a patch, I feel good because I know I'm doing a purely good thing. If I send a patch to a project that pays for patches, that's not bad , but it means now I feel more like I'm freelancing or some other more complication jumble of emotions. Likewise, if someone sends me a patch, do I get excited that they want to be a part of my project? Have I met a kindred spirit? Or are they just gunning for a chunk of BTC in their off hours? I'm not saying introducing money is a bad thing here, but like all other avenues of social activity, involving even a small amount of money radically changes the nature of it. Don't believe me? Try tipping your parents after they have you over for dinner. Maybe leave a fifty on your significant other's bedside table and see how that goes. :) [1]: http://www.rug.nl/gmw/psychology/research/onderzoek_summersc... > Aren't you paid by Google to work on Dart? I am, this is a great question! > How is that different? What it means is that working on Dart is my job. It's a great job, and I love it. Like other good jobs, I get lots of both extrinsic and intrinsic reward from it. (In fact, a curious facet of being at Google is that the intrinsic rewards of being at the company feel like they overshadow the extrinsic ones. I'm constantly in this "and you pay me too?!" fugue of astonishment.) But it also means that working on Dart is work . I do some extra-curricular activities related to it: I've spoken at a couple of conferences. But even then, I'm getting time off from work for free to go there, so in some sense I'm still being compensated. I spend time answering questions about Dart online outside of work hours, but that's because, through some Hermione-like mental affliction, I will spend time answering questions about anything I know (and several things I don't). But, aside from that, I actually don't do much of anything Dart-related when I get off work. Dart is what I do 40 hours a week. It's a happy 40 hours, but when I go home, I stop working on it and stop thinking about it. Would I hack on it until the wee hours if I wasn't getting paid to do it while the sun was up? I don't know. > I think my experience is much more blurry than yours is, at least with work/life separation. Well one thing that definitely helps is having two small kids. :) I basically have to have a strong work/non-work separation now because most of my evening is booked solid with dinner/clean up/pajamas/brush teeth/vitamins/books/stories. Back before I was a family man the boundary between work and the rest of my life was a lot squishier. Then how would we have found the 10% of drugs that did succeed? Compared to JavaScript, Scheme is a modern language! Those aren't orthogonal. There's a pretty wide design space for component systems. Lots of games use "components", where game entities are split into pieces for different game domains (rendering, AI, etc) without going all the way down the entities/components/systems path. It is true that most games don't use MVC. I think that's because MVC isn't a good fit for games . It seems to work fine for business apps, though more experimentation is always good. The clinical term for this is "anosognosia", which describes a specific physical, neurological inability to be aware of their illness. They literally have damage in their brain which prevents self-awareness. Something like 50% of cases of schizophrenia have some degree of anosognosia as well. This is a big part of why schizophrenia is so hard to treat. With other disorders like OCD, patients generally do know they are unwell and are willing to accept treatment to improve it. With schizophrenia, patients are often rigidly convinced they are already healthy and refuse to be treated. They are incapable of understanding that they have an illness. > It boggles my mind how anyone can write such nonsensical rambling comments while at the same time coding a 64 bit operating system from scratch. Comments like this show exactly how poorly our culture handles mental illness. Imagine if someone had said, "It boggles my mind how anyone can be deaf while at the same time coding a 64 bit operating system from scratch." He isn't stupid , he's schizophrenic. Aside from his disease, all of his other faculties are as fine as yours and mine. > more of a criticism of ML syntax than of currying – all things are good in moderation. I don't follow this. My understanding is that currying is pure syntactic sugar: it's a cheap way to expression partial application. What am I missing? I've been hacking on a little scripting language of my own lately[1]. To get a handle on its perf, I have a few small benchmarks[2] I run that compare it against Lua (5.1.5), Python (2.7.5), and Ruby (2.0.0p247). (All of those and my language are bytecode-compiled, dynamically typed languages, hence that comparison.) I happen to have Ruby 2.0 installed, and I was surprised to see it handily beat the other languages. I had expected Ruby to be the slowest of the pack, but they've apparently made big strides in 2.0. On the off chance that anyone is curious, here's the results of running them on my machine: binary_trees - wren 3531 0.28s binary_trees - lua 1366 0.73s 258.40% binary_trees - python 1420 0.70s 248.64% binary_trees - ruby 3170 0.32s 111.39% fib - wren 2688 0.37s fib - lua 2998 0.33s 89.65% fib - python 1390 0.72s 193.38% fib - ruby 3645 0.27s 73.74% for - wren 9092 0.11s for - lua 9387 0.11s 96.86% for - python 3171 0.32s 286.74% for - ruby 8319 0.12s 109.30% method_call - wren 4703 0.21s method_call - lua 1780 0.56s 264.20% method_call - python 806 1.24s 583.33% method_call - ruby 3408 0.29s 138.02% Those numbers are score, time, and percentage. Score is basically 1/time, just to yield a number where bigger is better. Time is best of ten runs. Percentage is how my language's score compares to that one. So, for example, the 264.20% lua method_call score means my language is about 2.6x faster than Lua on a benchmark designed to stress dynamic method call performance. [1] https://github.com/munificent/wren [2] https://github.com/munificent/wren/tree/master/benchmark I'm certainly impressed by those implementations, but I don't think I'm competing with them. :) I had JS (using node) in there for a while, but it was regularly 10x compared to the other languages. Using a JIT makes it effectively a different class of implementation. It's like entering a car in a bike race. Thanks for the benchmarks! I might steal some of those. They may be more arithmetic focused than I need (which makes sense for Julia, but less sense for an embedding scripting language where most math is probably done in the host app). Good call. I'm not sure how I ended up with that version of Lua. I'll upgrade to the latest of the others when I get a chance. > I just meant that in my experience it's healthy to have something to aspire to I had actually thought that's what I was doing when I compared it to Lua! I was quite surprised at how well Wren did in comparison. The trick will be to see if I can keep it that fast as the implementation gets more robust. It takes some shortcuts right now that don't scale well, but happen to be faster. > I really want Jeff to write a little book about it, walking the reader through the implementation. I would love that. I've skimmed femtolisp a few times and it's clean but suffers from the almost total lack of documentation that other programming language implementations also seem to have. > If only there were a term for being so impressed with yourselves that you felt you could just ignore the little people. It nothing to do with people being "little" in Google's eyes. It's about them being numerous . According to Wikipedia, Google has 46,421 employees. Here's the reported number of users of various Google products normalized to "per Googler": Gmail: 9,155 Drive: 215 Chrome: 16,156 Maps: 4,308 G+: 6,462 Android: 19,387 activations (18 per day) Docs: 107 businesses Imagine you had your own B2B business. Just you, no other employees. You have 107 businesses using your product. How much time would you be able to give each of them? Say you open up a little hand-crafted artisanal phone business. Just you. You've sold 19,387 phones in the past few years, and you sell 18 more every day. How much time would you have for support for each of those? You make software. Just a little hobby on the side you do by yourself. You have more than 32,296 active users of it. You're still cranking away on it, adding new features. How much time do you also have to answer the phone when one of those people has a problem? Keep in mind, none of them have paid you anything. Let's say Google decided to drop everything : no development, no new features, no new products, no vacation, no HR, no facilities, no security, no R&D, no training, no nothing. Instead, every single employee from Larry Page on down devotes their full time to tech support. Users are pretty sharp so they rarely have problems: they only need to call for help once per year. If all every Googler did was get on the phone and help people, they'd still only be able to give each person 4.82 minutes. By extension, I would love it if my tax forms clarified what fraction of my salary went to funding the NSA. It's still a problem for the poor person who has to read those different files and understand the underlying semantics. I think your analysis is the right way to look at it. Given how hard it is to actually leave Facebook, what this statistic probably means is "3 million fewer 13-year-olds joined Facebook than the number of 17-year-old Facebook users last year. It does show that Facebook's demographics are skewing older. But I believe it's because their population is aging, not that existing users are leaving. Take a look at Seattle: https://kwelia.com/maps/cbsa_census_tract?cbsa=Seattle-Tacom... I'd also add: - Allowing multiple versions of the same package in one application is asking for Cthulhu to climb out of the ocean and burn a whole in your mind and your program. I work on the Dart programming language team. I hack on libraries and applications that come with the platform. In particular, I worked on the documentation generator, unit test package, and an arg parser. These days, I mostly work on the package manager and asset build system. That stuff is all written in Dart. :) > There are few things which can effect change better than billionaires in fear of losing hundreds of millions of dollars a year. What change would you like this to effect? I thought Google already had a solid reputation of being against patent trolls and software patents. For example: http://www.theverge.com/2013/4/17/4233818/google-submits-pub... http://www.google.com/patents/opnpledge/pledge/ http://www.google.com/patents/opnpledge/patents/ You didn't screw up here. The entire infrastructure, org chart, and policies that allowed you to accidentally modify a production database containing critical medical information screwed up. Blaming yourself here is like blaming yourself for being hurt after being told to drive a car with no seatbelt or brakes.