I can think of three reasons universities would do this. First: Universities do not generally take pride in having a commercial "business model" approach. They almost all say education, rather than profit, is their aim. They say they don't charge $x because they want to extract the maximum rent from the market, they charge $x because that's what it costs to provide the course. What better way to prove this commitment to education than to charge much less for a course that costs much less to run? Second: Sony chariman Akito Morito reportedly once said "My job is to make our products obsolete before our competitors do." If online learning is the next big thing, you want to be at the cutting edge of it. You don't want to end up a local bookstore in the age of Amazon, you want to be Amazon. Third: 120,000 people signed up for the first MITx course (only 7,000 people went on to get a passing grade) and the system handled them OK. You can accept much less profit per student when you've got a thousand times as many students. Of course, there are more experiments needed to determine whether they can provide useful credentials people will get their wallets out to pay for - but people are used to paying a lot for university courses. If they made just $10 to $100 per student per course they could be looking at some serious money. Yes, I absolutely expect there will be test centres where students pay to sit the exam in exam conditions. There's no other way to produce credible results. But the test centre would only need to be a tarted up cybercafe. Do you envisage the course material and exam being designed by MIT but the exams being administered by some other party, or would the other party also design the exam (as is the case with CFA)? Not all drones have to be quadrotor helicopters; with a fixed wing drone you can glide over your target with the propeller stopped and make very little noise. Well, when public companies plan acquisitions and mergers, it's essentially always claimed that they're going to make the company they acquire more valuable. You spend $100,000,000 of your investors' money on Nullsoft because you think with you on their side, they'll be worth more than $100,000,000. So it comes as a bit of a surprise when they become worth radically less due to mismanagement - not because mismanagement is unusual, but because mismanagement persists in spite of the large costs. Gladwell's theory, as I've heard it, is that mastery demands 10,000 hours of good quality practice. When your developers cost $75 an hour including overheads, paying people for those 10,000 hours is an extremely costly proposition. The article is poorly written. Points 1 and 2 are about knowing yourself and your own rhythm, making one think the article is about caring for one's own mental health while working long hours. Point 3, however, is about long hours being performed by one's employees. That third point makes it sounds like the article is not about a person who has themselves worked ridiculously hard, but about someone who has cracked the whip over people working ridiculously hard, giving advice to others who want to do the same thing. Understandably, people are a lot less sympathetic to this! When I say $75 an hour including overheads I don't mean a salary of $150,000 - I mean a salary of $60,000 plus tax plus health insurance plus pension contribution plus office space plus a desk plus a computer plus the calls to IT Helpdesk plus the line manager's time plus any commercial software plus other developers' time coaching plus the 20% cut paid to the recruiter plus the HR and payroll people's time plus networking and internet connection plus the backed up storage space on file and mail servers plus the car parking space plus a phone line plus cleaning plus the break room food and coffee. Of course these things are company-dependent, but I'm a comparatively junior developer and for purposes of internal costing my employer costs my time at $75 an hour. When I was in college, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket was eating badly instead of eating well for two weeks. Now I have a regular job, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket is much lower - I'll have to wait a few weeks until I buy that DVD box set of 'House MD'. So now I can buy tickets that before I could not afford. Have I become a more dedicated Louis CK fan? Or have I just become a richer fan? You know how web developers are constantly bitching about incompatibilities between web browsers and javascript engines? That's how. Well, a lot of recruiters present themselves to employers as helping with their recruitment problems, rather than exacerbating them. The "rational" thing for a recruiter to do is to post fake jobs with huge salaries to jobs boards to get in resumes; and to offload filtering for quality onto clients so as to get more volume through; to shop resumes around clients in descending salary order so lower paying places only get candidates rejected by other employers; and as soon as the contingency fee comes through, to call the employee at work and try to get them to hop somewhere else so you can collect another contingency fee. If all recruiters did this no-one would work with recruiters - businesses only work with recruiters because those recruiters claim they aren't going to act in this ("rational") manner - they claim they're going to look out for the client's interests. For a recruiter to make this claim while simultaneously proving it false shows a bit of cheek, and obviously makes one doubt the sincerity of the claim. If this store sells physical objects which get delivered by mail, isn't it more like a regular online store? I'm not in recruitment myself, and I agree that ideally you want your employees not to leave even when contacted by a recruiter! I assume the idea behind refusing to work with recruiters who have been unethical in the past is to create a disincentive, in the hopes of reforming the economics of recruiting so you can get recruiters who will work with you rather than against you. You'd imagine there would be some recruiters who would aim to behave ethically and to cultivate a reputation for being ethical, as that reputation would be valuable to a recruiter in terms of getting clients. The one time I was job-hunting I saw some pretty unethical stuff - I once had a recruiter e-mail me a programming test along with a solution another candidate had submitted, and almost every recruiter asked for a summary of technical interview questions so they could brief other candidates. I would have thought using unethical recruiters would actively hinder your recruitment process - so there'd be no market for their services. I mean, evidently it doesn't work that way, but I think that's the aim of refusing to work with certain recruiters. I work for a company that uses Google's apps internally. We have less than 1000 users. We get sales and technical contacts at Google with real phone numbers and everything. If you think there's a market for Google's products but with better customer service, you could form a startup reselling Google's products, with you providing customer service and escalating to Google whenever appropriate. Once you have a few hundred users I assume you'll get the same support level my employer gets. To be fair, if your application revolves around producing a tweetspam-filtered copy of Twitter's stream of tweets, it's not really possible to make that twitter-independent. Competitors like facebook and google+ don't really have a spam problem. Perhaps they meant to block Kama Sutra App™, Kama Sutra of Vatsyayana, Kama Sutra! - Manual of Sex, Kama Sutra: Manual of Sex, Kamasutra™, Kamasutra 3D, Kamasutra by Vatsyayana, Kamasutra for iPad, Kamasutra fun, Kamasutra Museum 3D, Kamasutra Museum 3D HD, KamaSutra Posiciones, Kamasutra The Game, Kamazootra, Kamazootra Lite, 101 Positions of KamaSutra, Kamasutra (Deutsch), Kamasutra - Sex Positions Guide and Kama Sutra, KamaSwami, or KamaSwami for iPad. Perhaps it was only through confusion that they blocked iKamasutra. Many websites have adopted the donate-to-see-no-ads model - Slashdot, Reddit, OKCupid etc - but as I understand it none of those have exactly thrived on the donated money. Has it been more successful than I've heard? A lot of people recommend you shouldn't badmouth your previous/current employers in a job interview. Which you can use as a reason not to say why you're not with a previous employer. Personally I'm interested in the design of a many systems - but I can see a case for wanting other systems to present a single well-defined, correctly implemented interface. There was a time when, to make a program with sound, programmers had to handle different sound cards differently. You used to get settings in games to choose whether your card was Sound Blaster 16 Compatible. Were those the good old days, or the bad old days? I'm not sure professional networking is something that can be usefully automated. I mean, a LinkedIn network is to a real network as Facebook friends are to real friends. It sounds like you would enjoy http://folklore.org/ You don't think the leap-hour will be a new millennium bug? When you look at how much people crap their pants over the leap second - a relatively common thing - I dread to think how unprepared people would be for something 3,600 times less common. Let's say I own a business importing widgets. If there's inflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% more valuable. If there's deflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% less valuable. In other words, in a deflationary economy there's less incentive to invest in productive activity and more incentive to stash cash under the mattress. And it's not just held stock that works this way - it's also capital investments like that new more efficient widget-making machine. To be fair, at the bottom end of the market safes are competing against Kensington lock cables and hiding valuables on the top shelf of your wardrobe. If anyone broke into my home I assume it would be a brick through the window then in and out in five minutes grabbing any laptops, jewelery and cash rather than a planned attack with thermal lances and diamond core drills! Of course, within the current justice system it will often make sense to hire an expensive lawyer. You are in a spending arms race with your opponent. The problem is this is a fault of the system. We want a system that produces the fairest outcomes possible, and there's more than one way unfair outcomes can be produced. Under the current system, if I had a patent and Oracle infringed upon it, I would be denied justice because I don't have $100M of cash to pay to litigate. If we had a German-style fixed fee system where any patent dispute could be resolved for a flat fee of (say) $20,000 I would not be denied justice. The rich would not have an advantage over the poor in court. On the other hand, this would deny Google and Oracle the opportunity to spend 5,000 times as much to get the dispute analyzed in (what was presumably) a great deal of detail. Is that a bigger injustice than the fact I couldn't receive justice at all? Personally I see this Oracle/Google dispute as like Bastiat's parable of the broken window - this case represents a net loss to society of $100,000,000+ as surely as if Oracle and Google had broken one another's office windows to the value of a hundred million dollars. Perhaps they called the number listed in the box on the right hand side of the article? Did you read the part of the article that said "The demonstration of the near-disaster, led by Professor Todd Humphreys and his team at the UTA's Radionavigation Laboratory, points to a "gaping hole" in the US's plan to open US airspace to thousands of drones," so presumably there's an existing plan to use drones in US airspace. One would imagine they would be most useful over densely populated areas. With cars and fault diagnosis increasingly computerised, car makers were in a position to encrypt or obfuscate diagnostic messages so that you could only view and reset 'check engine' codes at official dealers who had costly diagnostic equipment. The intention of OBD-II is to keep independent mechanics in business (and hence the car repair market operating properly) by preventing car makers from doing this. Sounds like a good idea to me - dealerships are already overpriced, I can't imagine how bad it would be without independent garages exerting downward pressure on prices. Whether this should extend as far as an open standard for bypassing the keyless ignition without first presenting a valid key is another matter. The HTTP last modified header for www.kogan.com/robots.txt has Last-Modified: Wed, 06 Jun 2012 06:14:35 GMT It's possible they did this and they were cunning enough to turn back the last-modified clock. I'm sure everyone takes notes differently, but with the way I do it I'm not sure a social note-taking system makes sense. For a note to be useful to me, it has to be quick to make. For a note to be useful to another person, it has to contain enough context for them to be able to decipher it. For example, the notebook on my desk reads "core 495 0.20%" which I know is the number and fraction of users in the core group - and I have enough context to know what those all mean. If I had to write down that context in a way other people could understand, it would no longer be quick to write, so it would no longer be a note. Is your idea of what note-taking is different to mine? I get Last-Modified: Fri, 04 May 2012 18:58:02 GMT from my home machine (and you obviously do too) where I connect to 74.118.68.224 - but I got Wed, 06 Jun 2012 06:14:37 GMT from work (and via http://web-sniffer.net/ and http://www.rexswain.com/cgi-bin/httpview.cgi ) which was looking at 108.166.39.66. Perhaps we get DNS load balanced or something similar? You know people do those 2D and 3D plots with dots representing where ideas are on a spectrum? You know, like this: http://www.politicalcompass.org/images/axeswithnames.gif I think what you need is a diagram like that with Google Docs, Wikis, Evernote, Piratepad, E-mail and your product. You know, something that answers every "so how's it different from" at the same time. The article says you should merge all your databases into one, to avoid setting up a service-api-notification-message-queue mess. While sharing a database lets you develop the initial system quickly, you'll have problems later on because you've made no distinction between your interface (which other people code against and you commit to not changing too often) and your internals (which you may want to refactor from time to time). So either you make schema changes at will - in which case other developers do too, and you're spending all your time fixing that instead of developing new stuff - or you rarely make schema changes and do it with advanced warning and approval, in which case the pace of development slows to a crawl because other people are too busy to support the changes you want to make. With well defined interfaces, only the interfaces have to evolve at a snail's pace; the internals can change as fast as you like, as long as you do it without breaking your interfaces. Example: If you run a amazon style computerized warehouse and an amazon style shopping website; you want to know if an item is in stock. If the website just goes directly to the warehouse's database tables, the warehouse schema can't change without worrying about breaking the website. A nice simple how-many-in-stock web service would be a lot easier to maintain. I'm no Solr expert, but bug SOLR2155 has a patch [1] that does a geospatial search using geohash prefixes [2]. As far as I can tell, you take the point's latitude and longitude and interleave the binary bits - so if your record's latitude is 11111111 and your longitude is 10000000 your geohash is 1110101010101010. You index on that, then when you do a spatial search for the point nearest to 11111110,10000011 you look up key 1110101010101101 and a prefix search finds the closest value in the index is the the record you inserted earlier. Presumably then you realize there could be an even closer record at 11111111,01111111 which would have got stuck at 1011111111111111 in the index so you look there too just in case, take the closer of the two search results, and bob's your mother's brother. [1] https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/SOLR-2155?focusedComme... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geohash Absolutely - I'm sure you've heard of the idea of technical debt [1,2] and sometimes it makes sense to build up technical debt to get a system off the ground, then worry about maintainability, documentation and whatnot in your copious free time later on. [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2009/02/paying-down-your-te... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technical_debt I think the key feature of "paid paid vacation" is that the money can only be spent on a vacation, use it or lose it. So you can't save money by not going on vacation. Does austrian vacation bonus pay have to be spent on a vacation? So under the pay-proportional-to-viewship model, artist A runs an intimate orchestral music performance and 10 people donate $100 each (because hey, orchestras are expensive to run); and artist B runs a punk performance in a warehouse where 1000 people pay £1 each. Under your model, the punk performers would make $1980 and the classical performers would make $20 - right? In my mind, Penny Arcade was as it started out - two guys drawing comics. $500k each sounded like a lot. I don't know if Childs Play and PAX are a big money sink for them? Business owner here. The purpose of a business is to do whatever the business owners want it to do. > I mean, yeah, I'm not impressed by the pager. I've been on pager more often than not from 17 onward. [...] Out of being on pager more often than not more than 20 years [...] that was the only job where the pager bothered me much at all. So how does pager duty work with your employers? Most places I've worked have asked for a 15 minute response time (which effectively means being within ~12 minutes of home) and being sober. That means no going for a bicycle ride or a run; not going on dates, to restaurants, the theatre or cinema; not visiting friends or relatives; and not going to the gym or going swimming or going out dancing. Doesn't pager duty basically mean you have to sit at home on the internet for all your free time? It's surprising to me that 60% of people don't appear to have changed their compromised passwords. Is there something wrong with how we tell people their passwords have been compromised - do you think we aren't making it clear enough what they need to do, or how important it is that they do it? I ordered some jeans online, taking measurements from another pair of jeans. In fact I aggregated together measurements of my body, measurements of my existing pairs of jeans, and sizes from the labels of my existing pairs of jeans. The first pair that came were too short, and a bit big at the waist; the company agreed to swap them for a shorter pair (but I had to pay to ship the old pair back to them). I couldn't tell if going to a two-inch-smaller waist would mean an uncomfortably tight waist, so I didn't ask them to send me a pair with a smaller waist. The fit is now at best acceptable. I could have been more stubborn about it and done more exchanges until I was happier with the fit, but that would have meant more inconvenience - and the expense of shipping them back again. Had I been buying at a shop I could have tried on a whole bunch of pairs of jeans, and I think I'd be happier with the overall fit. For comparison, I have successfully brought sneakers, t-shirts and sweaters online so I'm no stranger to shopping for clothes online. > The problem is probably not that women are not being respected or valued. What the hell else do you call it when someone grabs your ass? No-one grabs my ass at hacker conferences. You know why? Because I'm a man. > I doubt people are stupid enough to conflate Bitcoin with 3rd party websites that use bitcoins. Well, some of the most touted features of Bitcoin are that it's anonymous, untracable, and unfettered burdensome mandates like FDIC insurance and PCI-DSS compliance. In this case, those features mean in all likelihood the thieves won't be traced or punished, the depositors' money won't be returned, and there was no independent auditing to catch crap security practices. High profile thefts might make people think they don't need the features that Bitcoin is offering. It could be a bit cheaper, but I'd hope SSL certificate vendors would be putting some work into identity verification. You know, making sure the person with an @gmail.com e-mail is the right person to send the gmail.com SSL certificate to. That could mean manually checking scanned copies of legal documents, making some phone calls, maybe even faxing or sending some things by post. Look at all these requirements Mozilla have to include your CA certificate! http://www.mozilla.org/projects/security/certs/policy/Inclus... $60 sounds a little high to me, but if you think you could do it for substantially less, why not set yourself up in competition with them? > Conventional wisdom is that the private sector is just much more efficient than the state can ever be, but I have never been able to find evidence-based studies for or against this. This is hard to measure empirically because of selection bias - you can only study things which have already been privatized, and the first things to be privatized are the things you think will privatize successfully. For example, there are quite a few countries that have successfully privatized their telephone networks. But that doesn't mean you could privatize the police or military with the same success! And because you asked for evidence-based citations, here you go: http://www.quora.com/Is-there-empirical-evidence-to-support-... I think what rwmj is saying is: State total cost = State front line workers' salaries + State overheads Private sector total cost = Private sector front line workers' salaries + Private sector overheads + Profit. Overheads are everything from paddy wagons to radios to uniforms to back office staff to police horses loaned to Rebekah Brooks to the G4S CEO's £830K/year salary. Private sector firms will presumably only bid on a contract if the profit is positive, I'd agree that's a truism. But is the profit positive because the private sector total cost is higher, or because the private sector front line workers' salaries are lower, or because the private sector overheads are lower? I think that's what rwmj wants evidence of. While I've never seen a hiring manager looking at the code actually committed to open source projects, I've certainly been asked in interviews about the contributions to well known projects I list on my CV. Other interviewers haven't mentioned the contributions at all. So I guess it depends on the interviewer. > Since HN is full of smart people, I feel like asking - do you guys realize you're smart? When I go dancing in nightclubs, both men and women will come up to me when I stop to get a drink and they'll tell me they think I'm a really good dancer. But when I go to a dance class and beside me is someone who works for a world-famous dance company, I can look in the mirror and see my skills are only the crudest parody of theirs. There are certainly thousands of people in the world who can dance better than I can - probably tens of thousands. So it is with my programming achievements - one or two linux kernel patches for seldom-seen bugs in seldom-used subsystems? There are certainly thousands, probably tens of thousands of people who could have done the same thing easily - I was just the first to feel the itch I scratched. TLDR: I don't know if your question is even intended for me. If you enjoyed this question about "Storing Images in DB - Yea or Nay?" posted on Nov 28 '08 at http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3748/storing-images-in-db... here are some other questions you might enjoy: Storing images on a database - Jul 1 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1071636/storing-images-on... Save image in database? - Apr 30 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/805519/save-image-in-data... store image in database or in a system file? - Apr 19 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/766048/store-image-in-dat... Where should I store photos? File system or the database? - Oct 9 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1546485/where-should-i-st... To Do or Not to Do: Store Images in a Database - May 2 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/815626/to-do-or-not-to-do... Store images in database or on file system - Dec 28 '10 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4550197/store-images-in-d... Store pictures as files or in the database for a web app? - Feb 18 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/561447/store-pictures-as-... Storing a small number of images: blob or fs? - Nov 28 '08 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/325126/storing-a-small-nu... How to store images in your filesystem - Oct 7 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/191845/how-to-store-image... User images - database vs. filesystem storage - Feb 25 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/585224/user-images-databa... Should I store my images in the database or folders? - Apr 3 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/713243/should-i-store-my-... Would you store binary data in database or in file system? - Mar 19 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/662488/would-you-store-bi... storing uploaded photos and documents - filesystem vs database blob - Jul 9 '09 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1105429/storing-uploaded-... I came in here prepared to write an impassioned criticism of StackOverflow's aggressive moderation, but frankly you've made me understand exactly why they do it. If I was a funding body I'd knock a few thousand off the initial grant and say "have the journal send me the bill when you publish a paper". That way, you only have the expenditure if the research leads to published papers. If the research doesn't lead to papers, well, at least you're a few thousand better off. And of course the funding bodies would know exactly who published what when where, and they'd get the right details in the paper's acknowledgments every time. As an alternative, if there was funding to publish only a limited number of papers that could reform the incentives that lead to "salami publication". Or perhaps it would lead to a worst-of-both-worlds where salami publication cost funding bodies a bunch of money. We shall see! Would such big spenders quibble over a little 1% surcharge? > Why would you want to break out the fee into another line-item? It's not unusual in things like concert ticketing to have a headline price of, say, $30 then when you get to the checkout there's an extra $10 in processing fees and delivery charges. I assume companies think this makes them more money than being up front about the total cost. > Cash discounts were already legal, and a credit surcharge is just a cash discount by another name. In one case the customer pays less than the advertised price, in the other case more. You could submit your tip along with your bitcoin address, then if the tip comes up right they send the reward to that address. Of course, if they failed to deliver the reward or it got redirected along the way, you couldn't exactly complain publicly. And you'd still have the problem that your neighbors would notice if you brought (say) a new car. And you might get murdered just for having a bitcoin client installed. But other than that, it could work! > Wow. Version 1 obviously wasn't ready at all. Why was it shipped in the first place? I guess a good question is why did MS let it ship? Perhaps the one-free-patch policy should change into a no-free-patches policy, to encourage companies not to ship unfinished games. > (if you prefer you can swap out this cost and replace it with the cost of hiring somebody to do ops for you on an occasional, freelance basis to handle things going wrong, moving to new cloud providers etc. over a 25 year period...). Plenty of countries have national/legal deposit libraries (my country has six of them) and the costs of running them are a rounding error in national terms. You can hardly claim an electronic national library would cost more to run than a physical library - much smaller volume of stuff to store, no staff to retrieve and shelve documents, no in person visitors. There's a bunch of reasons people might drop out of a university course. Some of these reflect badly on the university/means of course delivery. For example, if they're dropping the course because it's poorly taught, or they can't understand the lecturer. There's no indication this was a problem with the MITx course though. Well, the first line of the article is > Facebook not only is on course to go bust but will take the rest of the ad-supported Web with it. Perhaps that's just a juicy opening line to draw people in to the article - but it sure sounds like predicting a demise to me. Some of the things the article says are reasonable - but I wouldn't bet a dollar on facebook going bust and taking the entire ad-supported web with it. But 'you are at the herpes clinic with your daughter' is more like the latter than the former, right? When you say "How much time do you spend on Emails?" does that mean just time with focus on the e-mail client, or does that include the time spent on gathering data to compose a response? How un-selective does an employer have to be before they can talk about skills shortages? I'm sure you've heard of Fizz Buzz - http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/why-cant-programmer... - is that too difficult a problem? May I have your password please? I'd like an account with more karma. The article suggested that the high piracy rate may be because Google Play is only available in 31 countries, and with only credit and debit card payment options. No hard numbers were provided to back that up, but presumably supporting more countries and payment options could only help sales. So, Google could support more countries and payment options. Alternately, they could add more sophisticated DRM to android phones. Under the pay-for-upgrades model, software developers have an incentive to keep updating and upgrading their software. I want new features and the developer wants upgrade money, so our incentives are aligned. Under the subscription model, don't you think the software you're subscribing for will end up like IE6, left to stagnate because there's no incentive to spend developer time on it? If you need four hours of downtime, either the three 8 hour shifts would have to overlap (meaning for the overlap periods you'd need twice as many workstations, i.e. a warehouse twice as big) or the third shift would have employees standing idle for 4 hours. Downtime is useful because you can get in and perform preventative maintenance and software deployments, and if there's a problem (like a machine breakdown) that delays picking by an hour or two, you can complete the day's work instead of having the problems spill over into the next day. Why they don't offer an option to do three 7-hour shifts I don't know. Yes, I'm a bit confused about how much you get for the $9 to $12 if the retail cost would be $60 to $90. Is that just an $81 markup, or does $9 only get you a frame without pedals and a chain? On the other hand, Boston's Hubway cycle hire scheme [1] costs $12 for three days of membership. A bike for $12 could open up interesting avenues for similar bike uses as you wouldn't have to worry about getting the user to return it. [1] http://www.thehubway.com/pricing I assume he's referring to PHPBB there, which would be an odd choice for blogging software as it's forum software. >The problem is that the people you'd most like to hire probably have little interest in taking a programming test. So you're just filtering them out and left with the dregs. For this to work you need one of the following: That may be the case if you're trying to headhunt experienced developers who are currently in good jobs. But if you're an unemployed programmer, or an employed programmer actively looking for a different job, why wouldn't you take a programming test? Programming tests and technical interviews where you have to code are normal and expected for coding jobs, at least in my experience. When there are 630 resumes in the pile, the read/filter will be done by a junior HR person who probably couldn't tell XML from SQL. I'd rather be filtered by a programming test, where my programming abilities put me ahead of the pack! With that said, most of the programming tests I've been given in the past have been fairly interesting so perhaps that biases my opinion. I'm certainly no fan of jobs where they send you a huge MS Word application form. https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=%22I+cant+stand+all%22+%22... https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=%22This+is+all+too%22+%22f... Then pick the first search result where there is a single word between the segments. >700mA on USB is not within the USB spec, and probably not accurate for current draw of a Pi. The raspberry pi quickstart guide at http://www.raspberrypi.org/quick-start-guide says to use a power supply capable of supplying 700 mA. The page you link to says the RPi can consume 435-465mA just from CPU and Ethernet, meaning only ~250 mA of the RPi's 700mA power budget remains to power the two USB host ports. Just plug in a USB device that draws more than 250mA (like a second RPi) and the claim of consuming more than 700 mA will be proved correct! I've checked the RPi schematic [1] and it each of the USB ports protected by a miniSMDC014 rated for 140 milliamps [2] (and taking 150ms to trip at 1.5 A) With two usb devices drawing 140 mA, a total of 280 mA would be consumed, thereby narrowly exceeding the 700mA power budget. Fuses are also typically quite imprecise for obvious reasons - they rely on current heating up metal that melts and breaks the circuit, and you don't want it borderline molten under normal operating conditions! So you may well be able to draw 250 mA per port without the fuses triggering. You'll note the Raspberry Pi wiki [3] has a bunch of bug reports like "Ethernet connection is lost when a USB device is plugged in" attributed to inadequate power supply current. [1] http://www.raspberrypi.org/archives/1090 [2] http://datasheet.octopart.com/MINISMDC014F-2-Tyco-Electronic... [3] http://elinux.org/R-Pi_Troubleshooting Well, any time you're looking at companies before vs after the death of their founder, you've got the confounding factor that the company is always younger when the founder is alive. Google founders Brin and Page were what, 25 when they founded Google? If they've got a 75 year life expectancy, Google will be a 50 year old company when they die. I'd have thought a 50 year old Google would look more like a stable blue chip company than a fast-moving frenetic startup. I can understand wanting one for sports and leisure. I too live in a country with tight weapon control; if I went on holiday to America and had a chance to go to a gun range and fire an AK-47 you bet I'd do it. Of course, I'd also like to fire one of those stinger missiles, and the deck guns on a battleship. I can understand there being other considerations that conflict with my desires. First let me say that yet again, another blog post that contains little to no science to back up claims; instead, personal feelings and an individual's experience become the standard by which apparently all people experience working in STEM. "Stereotype Threat and Women’s Math Performance" by Spencer, Steele and Quinn [1] contains an interesting series of experiments. In the first experiment, test subjects are given two math exams, an easier one (from the GRE general exam) and a harder one (from the advanced GRE mathematics exam). All test subjects had 1 semester to 1 year of calculus with at least a B grade. They observed something that has been seen in the literature before - that both genders perform equally on the easier exam, but women underperform on the harder exam. In the second experiment, a different set of test subjects were given the harder exam. Half the subjects were told the test had been shown to produce gender differences, half that it had been shown not to produce gender differences. Characterizing the test as insensitive to gender differences was enough to totally eliminate women's underperformance. When the same test was characterized as sensitive to gender differences, women significantly underperformed in relation to equally qualified men. (results are fig. 2 on page 13 of the PDF) The third experiment repeats the second experiment under different conditions and gets a similar result. The "stereotype threat" article is not a compelling enough argument to me that there is some gender stereotype conspiracy only found in STEM No stereotype conspiracy is required - the threat is from the stereotype /held by the test subject/ that they will/are expected to underperform. [1] http://www.leedsmet.ac.uk/carnegie/learning_resources/LAW_PG... I am still friends with my colleagues and my boss at my last job, but I told them in the interview a long list of tweaks to expectations, assignments etc if they wanted to keep folks like me around. Interesting. Did they make the tweaks after your departure? Were they substantial changes? Did you suggest the tweaks prior to your resignation, and if so why do you think they didn't make them at that time? > But I would say that omitting is the same thing as lying. Let's say I think my co-worker is an asshole. How many people do I have to tell to avoid being a liar? Interesting. Do you plan to replace the weekly trip to Wal-Mart in terms of range, or will you limit yourself to the smaller product selection you'd get in a local corner store? What will you do if all your drivers are busy? Will I be able to book an order for an hour-long slot in the future, or is delivery now or never? Never replicated? How about "Knowing Is Half the Battle Teaching Stereotype Threat as a Means of Improving Women's Math Performance" by Johns, Schmader and Martens [1] ? Participants were divided into three groups; the first group were told they were getting a problem solving test; the second group were told they were getting a math test for a study of gender differences; the third group were told the same as the second group and that anxiety could be the result of negative stereotypes that are widely known in society and have nothing to do with their actual ability to do well on the test. As figure 1 on page 4 of the PDF shows, the first group had roughly equal gender performance, in the second group women underperformed, and in the third group performance was roughly equal. Or why not "Solo status, stereotype threat, and performance expectancies: Their effects on women's performance" by Sekaquaptewa and Thompson [2] - once again, women performed worse in the stereotype threat condition that in the no threat condition. Did you have some point, or argument, or opinion, you were trying to make? Only that your statement that there is little to no science to back up the blog's claims ignores multiple peer-reviewed studies. [1] http://www.mdecgateway.org/olms/data/resource/9098/Knowing%2... [2] http://j.b.legal.free.fr/Blog/share/Expos%E9s%20M1/Stereotyp... That assumes that software development is infinitely scalable. I don't see how overgryphon's post assumes that; whether the project can meet the required deadlines could be a go/no-go decision rather than an assign-more-resources decision. Currency stability is useful for trade and retail. When a macbook air costs $1000 things are simple - it cost the same amount a week ago, and it'll cost just as much next week. You can plan your purchases. If all you know is a week from now it'll cost somewhere between 50 and 500 bitcoins, that's a lot harder to plan around. What would you say to a games company that wants to get their triple-A title out in time for the holiday season, instead of releasing it in January? Better still would be encryption that meant there was no need to wipe data from stolen hardware. I heard a discussion of this on Radio 4's excellent More Or Less podcast http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b006qshd They pointed out Korea tend to do well in per capita medal counts as Taekwondo is a popular sport there - and there are gold, silver and two bronze medals in four weight categories for two genders - a total of 32 medals available. On the other hand cricket, one of the most popular sports in India, has zero olympic medals. We all know the quote that adding extra developers to a late project make it even later. So if you have a market-imposed deadline you've got to get the number of developers correct from the beginning of the project. Hard to do without that much estimation. There are exceptions to all rules, so it would be stupid to not even think about it. But all businesses with an extra layer of "relationship" get messy. I'm sure we'll hear anecdotes to that effect - but is there good quality research-based evidence to back it up? All the co-founders I know of are friends with one another, which doesn't seem to sink companies. And a lot of commentators in the press attribute Germany's economic strength to its 'Mittelstand' companies - small and medium size companies, which are often family-owned, export-oriented engineering firms [1,2]. Call me crazy, but when I'm making investment decisions I like to build my decisions on sturdier foundations than Betteridge's Law of Headlines. [1] http://business.blogs.cnn.com/2012/05/24/the-mittelstand-ger... [2] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-17300246 The GNU is exactly the opposite of normal copyright. [...] The idea behind normal copyright--what some people here do not like--is to limit others' access to information. The whole point is that you cannot copy something without the right-owner's permission. As I see it, the idea behind copyright is that the creator of a work gets to choose the terms of reproduction. They might choose the GPL for the reasons you state - or they might prefer a different license, like the Affero GPL, or GPL2 instead of GPL3. If we think that shouldn't be the developer's choice, whose should it be? The marginal cost of the second ticket to see my favorite film (Scarface, Al Pacino) is a few cents. The marginal cost of the first ticket is $25 million. We could switch over to that system - it's not unprecedented, historically many rich people have been patrons of the arts and commissioned new works. You might find the art market shifts so it aims less at the man on the street and more at the millionaire in the boardroom. Whether that would be a good or a bad thing is a matter of opinion. What do you think? According to the page you linked to, in economics and finance marginal cost is the change in total cost that arises when the quantity produced changes by one unit. When production of Scarface movie tickets increases from zero units to one unit the film has to be made, increasing the total costs from zero to $25,000,000. Hence, the ∆Q is 1 unit and the ∆TC is $25,000,000 giving a marginal cost of ∆TC/∆Q = $25000000/1 = $25,000,000 Could you be more specific about why I need to go to college? Is there some error in my calculation? It says right there in the link you provided that the marginal cost is the change in total cost that arises when the quantity produced changes by one unit. We're discussing the mass entertainment market, where total costs are dominated by fixed costs. Do you seriously think it's disingenuous to take fixed costs into account? I'd say it's far more disingenuous to just ignore the bulk of your expenditure. Does "ninja-rockstar engineer" sound modest to you, like someone who doesn't care about their ego? Did it look like this: http://velodynelidar.com/lidar/hdlproducts/hdl64e.aspx Very impressive spec - as you'd expect for a $75,000 product. When would you use a CyclicBarrier in preference to (for example) splitting tasks into before-barrier and after-barrier FutureTasks and submitting to a ThreadPoolExecutor? If you're going to pre-ship products and customers are going to leave home to pick them up, why not just stock them in a conventional retail store? There's the rub. A startup cannot be about the money - it's about changing the world and the way people live. My reading of the post wasn't that the guy only cared about money - just that a start up operates in the intersection of exciting world changing technology and commercially viable technology. And the guy's exciting world-changing ideas weren't his commercially viable ideas. For a job applicant to think about what a hiring manager would think is normal enough. Is it so unusual for a hiring manager to see if the applicant does that? For a hiring manager to think about whether a job applicant is thinking about what a hiring manager is thinking sounds confusing - but we're thinking about that right now. With optical mouse type tracking wouldn't you lose your position relative to other cuts if you lifted the router off the workpiece? The "Why Smore? See why Smore is perfect for your app." button doesn't work on Firefox - does in Chrome though. Details: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux x86_64; rv:14.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/14.0.1 ID:20120714012003 Under Bush it didn't seem so bad because our expectations were so low. I would get some usage information to check the assumption anyone is hitting the 100 item limit to begin with. using open source UAVs and ReAllocate by trying to solve 'the last mile' problem [...] a network of autonomous vehicles that could be used to deliver high-value goods [...] technologies that are changing very quickly, are dropping in cost, are following Moore's Law and that are being integrated into the mainstream (these are called 'exponential technologies'). Interesting. I've heard one of the limiting factors in quadrotor drone technology is battery energy density. You want long range so you add more batteries, then the drone is too heavy to take off. And battery technology doesn't double in performance every 18 months. Would you say this is accurate? Can a quadrotor drone can outperform a local on a bicycle? Or do you have an alternative technology in mind? What kind of payload and flight range do you think you'll achieve? Contemporary start up culture seems to be in favor of launching with a "minimum viable product" as a way of gauging market demand before you sink too many resources into a product. Not every product is amenable to this, of course, but HiMom is and you are seeing it in action. Products like the Headthere Giraffe have a heavy-ass base full of batteries so the centre of gravity is lower than an office swivel chair. Which of course keeps it stable even if the battery runs down or the software crashes. It's not a very elegant design, though, and it makes carrying the thing a hassle. If he doesn't know the difference between buying and selling calls and puts, I'd say he's wise not to have invested. Surely any time you have a data store that can work with multiple programming languages and platforms you're going to end up with an abstraction layer because of different programming languages' data representation? Even for things as simple as integers, do you have unlimited precision, unsigned value support and null values? In Firefox I can create a bookmark to https://www.google.com/search?btnI=lucky&q=java+6+%s with the keyword set to jd then by typing (say) "jd Collections" in the address bar I get directed to the first Google result for "java 6 collections" I gather you can emulate a similar behavior in Chrome using its 'edit search engines' function. In my country, ticketing is per-venue. So if I want to go see an act at venue A, I go to their website and book from there. Acts' websites have lists of venues and dates, and direct people to the venues' websites to book. Most venues - at least the ones hosting things I attend - are independent of one another. This doesn't seem like a natural monopoly to me - a new startup can sign up venues one at a time. Is the situation different in America? I was under the impression [1] that a message would only be received more than once if the first attempt at processing failed to complete in the lock time - for example if the queue consumer crashed. Is it more complicated than that? [1] http://aws.amazon.com/sqs/#functionality Plus, ticketing takes a heavy load. The I Heart Radio festival this year sold out in 8 minutes. Isn't this a textbook application for EC2, Heroku, Google App Engine, Windows Azure etc? The fact that this hasn't happened already tells us that the practical difference isn't big enough to justify expending a lot of effort on switching. Are you arguing that it can't be a good idea, because if it was a good idea it would already have been done? I disagree with you here - PC makers list specs because it is technical specs, rather than user experience, that set their product apart from competing PC makers. I mean, you compare a Dell laptop to an HP laptop, or a $500 Dell laptop to an $800 Dell laptop for that matter, they're all running Windows 7. How would you market one product over another without admitting their differences? Admittedly, PC makers might be wise to stop fighting one another for market share and instead focus on fighting Apple for market share. What would you propose when, as translations have to be done manually, the available content for different pages is out of sync? For example, maybe that latest product announcement hasn't been translated to French yet. If I send a product list URL to my french-speaking buddy, should the product disappear from the product list? Let me put it another way: Ignore Apple for a minute, consider just the market for Windows laptops. The subjective experience will always be, at its core, the experience of using a vanilla install of Windows 7. To use a car analogy, imagine all car makers built their car on a Toyota Camry chassis. They can put in any engine they like (that's your CPU and whatnot), they can paint it and add aftermarket body kits (that's your keyboard, trackpad and plastic screen bezel) and they can hang an air freshener from the rear view mirror (that's your preinstalled software like the 30 day McAfee trial). The Toyota Camry chassis is Windows. Ultimately, all those Camry-based cars are going to have a very similar driver experience because, at it's core, it's a Camry. When one Camry-based-car maker is competing with another they talk about paint job and engine because the paint and the engine are the only differences between their products. Apple, in this analogy, is the only major car maker that isn't building on a Toyota Camry chassis. Do you also object to games with a free 'lite' version and a paid 'full' version, where the two are separate app store entries, or is it only games where you have to pay for the full version via IAP that you dislike? I did not get that impression. The article said said: The flywheel gains more steam, the more acqui-hires there are. [...] it sends the message to investors that there’s no risk in backing them. It doesn’t matter that investors rarely make anything from these deals, because frequently they don’t lose anything either, or they lose very little. Wouldn't a mouthpiece of the VC industry think it was good, not bad, that investors got their money back even after making bad investments? I don't know if you've ever heard of a 'bright line rule' [0] - the idea is you have a simple rule everyone can understand and interpret in the same way, instead of a nuanced rule with lots of room for interpretation. If you use a simple-to-follow rule like "no editing except to crop and correct color balance" that's easy to understand and follow. When you allow some manipulation as long as it's noted, editors will composite a celebrity's face onto a model's body for the front page and note it's as a fake in tiny text in a contents list three pages away. Far-fetched? Newsweek have already done it [1]. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bright_line_rule [1] http://www.nytimes.com/2005/03/03/business/media/03mag.html Are you thinking of any types of research in particular? If you're thinking of human embryonic stem cell research, I'd have thought a research facility in Britain or Australia would be simpler than a research facility on a boat in international waters. I don't get the antagonism. Well, in a democratic society with the rule of law most laws are, at least in theory, supported and agreed on by most of the population. When someone says they want to be free of the rule of national law that might mean they want to violate a law that I generally support. Maybe they want to provide untracable anonymous phone numbers to robo-calling telemarketers, or tax avoidance services to shady billionaires, or subpoena-proof corporate records for companies running unsafe chemical plants. That has the potential to be antagonizing - although the potential is not yet realized. Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa is a great portrait but I wouldn't use it to illustrate Neil Armstrong's obituary because it's not Neil Armstrong. For an obituary for Leonardo I'd use a portrait of Leonardo. I'll add a bit more nuance to that - people don't always read every word of a newspaper article. That's fine, it's why the inverted pyramid [0] model is used. If there's a big headline (Neil Armstrong Dies) and a single photo (the one of Buzz Aldrin) and the fact it's not a photo of Armstrong is in a little caption, it's going to contribute to the misconception that the photo of Aldrin is actually a photo of Armstrong. Contributing to misconceptions is bad and should be avoided. Luckily this is easy - just use the photo of Armstrong in the lunar lander. On the other hand, it's unlikely anyone would mistake Leonardo and the woman in the Mona Lisa so it wouldn't seem so bad to me! [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inverted_pyramid Different news websites and publications have different styles - Sites like [0-5] seem to have decided on having one leading photo, with optional click-through galleries. On the other hand [6-8] have multiple images. Perhaps the websites of print publications have a tradition of more-text-fewer-pictures. [0] http://science.time.com/2012/08/25/remembering-neil-armstron... [1] http://www.standard.co.uk/news/world/neil-armstrong-modest-h... [2] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/space/9501410/Neil-Armstr... [3] http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2012/aug/26/neil-armstrong... [4] http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2012-08-26/us/33... [5] http://www.thestar.com/news/world/article/1247118--neil-arms... [6] http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/neil-a... [7] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-11162858 [8] http://www.bangkokpost.com/learning/learning-from-news/30958... The article says: We drove from Fontana on the eastern edge of the L.A. basin to San Diego and all the way back to L.A.'s Pacific edge on one charge. Five hours of continuous driving. The 233 mile, 5 hour trip was done on a single charge. To me that's pretty far - I could tolerate a 1 hour break every 5 hours. I was thinking someone who drove 5 hours to visit family would be staying over night and could do an over night charge. I'll admit this may not always be the case. I certainly agree that serious range and uptake will need serious charging and generation infrastructure. Ah, the article says the Tesla home charger takes 6 hours for a charge, but I guess it needs to be wired directly to be breaker box or something. In work I'm concerned with writing code my colleagues can maintain. Often the most sensible design decision is to use the technology stack my team mates and I already know. If everyone else uses Linux to write Python web apps I'd need a very good reason to write a Windows only GUI app in C#! Five years from now, my employer's standard technology stack might be obsolete. If I only gain skills at work, my skill set would be obsolete too. This would harm my future career prospects. Could an employer pay me enough that I'd give up my side projects, sabotaging my future career prospects? Probably, but it would have to be a lot of money. Of course, I also maintain a healthy work/life balance and have hobbies that let me get away from the computer and meet other people. This is also important. A good interview doesn't just filter out bad candidates - it also persuades good candidates, who will undoubtedly get other job offers, that they want to work for you. It shouldn't be a courtroom-style grilling - it should be difficult but fun. Honey to catch your flies instead of vinegar. I'm not saying this was a problem with the interview described as there isn't enough detail in the original post to say what happened really. How about Hacker News, and more generally internet discussion forums? Many discussion forums are SQL backed - but both Reddit and Digg are reported to use Cassandra, a NoSQL system. Culture depends on travel distance - everywhere can claim to have culture if you're willing to drive far enough. The only claim to culture that Mountain View or Cupertino has is being within driving distance of San Francisco. For sure, everywhere has culture if your definition of culture is sufficiently malleable. To me moving from California to New York for culture makes sense, for a lot of locations in California. Perhaps instead of saying you can't beat New York for culture, I should say I can't beat New York for culture! Sorry, I guess I misunderstood what you wrote. I'm absolutely in favor of other people doing what they like with their money - diversity of entertainment choice is a great thing. For me that meant the city, where the higher density of customers makes it viable for IRL entertainment suppliers to operate further down the long tail of demand. The things I'm interested in are right down that long tail, so I can understand when rm999 found moving to a city has improved his/her quality of life. This is not just startup culture, it's most professional gatherings in general. Go to a conference of any kind, other than one that's in some sort of health/fitness- related industry and you're bound to see the same thing. I have to disagree with you here. Most conferences and catered meetings I've been to outside of the tech sector have employed corporate catering companies who supply the sort of buffets you see here: https://www.google.com/search?q=conference+catering&tbm=... you know, finger food, sandwiches, little tart type things, quiche, fruit, salmon wrap thingies, miscellaneous kebabs, pastries, bite sized meat pies, salad, small slices of cake and so on. Often with vegetarian items marked as such. Sometimes with vegan, gluten-free, kosher and halal items also marked. Actual plates made of ceramic not just napkins, and glasses made of glass rather than plastic. Real metal knives and forks. Personally I'd just as soon have pizza (I drive way too badly to worry about healthy eating) but getting pizza delivery seems more common in tech than in any other sector I've had free food in. I'm confused about the reason a block can't exist in both S3 and Glacier at the same time, if the deduplication code decides that block is needed in a new archive. Why couldn't you simply have a rule that each file is either S3 or Glacier, and S3 lists-of-blocks can only reference other S3 blocks, while Glacier lists of blocks can only reference other Glacier blocks? In the worst case, where every block was in both archives, this would only increase costs by 10% if Glacier costs a tenth what S3 costs. To S3 it's like you just deleted the file; to Glacier it's like you just created the file. Vouchering is a type of price discrimination http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Price_discrimination If I drop my prices from $30 to $20 and sell out 200 seats, I've made $4000. If I fill 100 seats with walk-in customers at $30 and 100 with voucher customers at $20, I've made $5000. Assume I store 150 gigabytes of family photos. I pay $1.50 a month ($18 a year) for storage. Assume I've uploaded the files in 150 * 1 gigabyte archives. I decide to retrieve it all. The 5% (6 gigabyte) retrieval allowance is negligible. The data transfer out fee at $0.120 per gigabyte will cost $18. If I retrieve 150 * 1 gigabyte chunks every hour retrieval will take 1 hour; the peak hourly retrieval will be 150 gigabytes; the data rate will be 341 Mbps; and the retrieval fee will be 150 720 $0.01 = $1,080 If I retrieve 7 * 1 gigabyte chunks every hour retrieval will take 150/7~=22 hours; the data rate will be 15 Mbps; the peak hourly retrieval will be 7 gigabytes; and the retrieval fee will be 7 * 720 * $0.01 = $50.40 If I retrieve 1 * 1 gigabyte chunks every hour retrieval will take ~7 days; the data rate will be 2.2 Mbps; the peak hourly retrieval will be 1 gigabytes; and the retrieval fee will be 1 * 720 * $0.01 = $7.20 If I share an account with 20 other people with the same amount of data stored, the 5% allowance would be enough for my entire download; I could retrieve as quickly as I liked without incurring a retrieval fee. I would still pay the $18 data transfer out fee. TLDR: Retrieval isn't as cheap as storage, but if you lost all your family photos, you'd probably be willing to pay it. I believe what they're saying to the ICO is that either the law should be enforced on them and their competitors equally; or it should be discarded. It's all very well saying a VPN services keep your communications secure, encrypted and away from the prying eyes of your ISP - but why would you trust a VPN provider more than an ISP? These consumer-oriented VPN services marketing to bittorrent users seem kind of sketchy to me. If you don't use PayPal, how do you receive payment from customers who don't have credit cards? If a customer doesn't have a credit card or a debit card that your payment gateway accepts, you deal with them the same way you deal with customers who don't have computers. The current situation, according to [1], is that there is a higher import tax on components than on assembled boards . This is, as I understand it, because there's no import duty on components that are part of information technology products such as computers[2] - but components which are not yet part of such a product are subject to import duty. To fix this we don't need to raise a protectionist import duty for IT products - we can just drop the import duty on electronic components. [1] http://www.raspberrypi.org/archives/509 [2] http://www.charleswalker.org/import-duties If you're being paid by your employer to attend meetings, what phone call could possibly be so important that you can't let it go to voicemail and you get to it after the meeting? Do you remember a few months ago when Amazon's EC2 had problems and took down Quora, Pintrest, Heroku and that lot? [1] Or when Knight Capital managed to lose $440 million in 45 minutes due to a software glitch? [2] What meeting could possibly be so important that you can't postpone it to deal with a critical production issue? [1] http://www.forbes.com/sites/anthonykosner/2012/07/01/survey-... [2] http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/nils-pratley-on-finance/2... Well, it's a 1 year wildcard certificate from DigiCert, which costs $595 according to [1] - while their 3 year certificate costs $1425. That's quite a bit of cash when you're a small business - and your minimum viable product doesn't need a 5 year cert, you just have to remember to renew your cert if you're still in business after a year... [1] http://www.digicert.com/wildcard-ssl-certificates.htm Iteration planning meetings are seriously expensive. Group discussion around design, group estimation, group acceptance, all highly inefficient. [...] I remember just getting bored to tears listening to discussions around stories I wasn’t developing on to begin with. That's quite team size dependent. In a scrum team with 4 people this isn't a problem - but when the team's twice as large it doubles both the amount of work to plan and the hourly cost to assemble the entire team, quadrupling planning costs. If a team is structured in such a way that a developer knows they won't be working on a story, that seems like a logical line for splitting into two scrum teams. Iteration planning meetings are seriously expensive. Group discussion around design, group estimation, group acceptance, all highly inefficient. [...] I remember just getting bored to tears listening to discussions around stories I wasn’t developing on to begin with. That's quite team size dependent. In a scrum team with 4 people this isn't a problem - but when the team's twice as large it doubles both the amount of work to plan and the hourly cost to assemble the entire team, quadrupling planning costs. If a team is structured in such a way that a developer knows they won't be working on a story, that seems like a logical line for splitting into two scrum teams. We already have a subset network of computers where DRM lasted from 2006 to 2010 - the PlayStation 3. Now, it's a console with some good games, but I wouldn't rate it as equivalent in social impact to electricity or nuclear weapons. Is it the new CEO, or is it that Stripe means Paypal actually have some competition? Lots of educators and professors are great, but they have no say in tuition policies. Every college and university presents itself as altruistic and socially motivated in its publicity material - but if you judge colleges and universities by their actions instead of their words, which is to say in terms of inflation-adjusted tuition costs, they seem pretty mercenary/market oriented to me. According to [1] the same public college 4 year education rose in cost by more than 300% between 1988 and 2008, while median family income rose by only 90%, and the cost of a new car by just 20%. I don't blame them for this in a market-driven system - a free market actor maximizing its share of the economic surplus is like a dog humping your leg, it's just being a dog. But I don't think it's wise to deny that it's happening. [1] http://www.deltacostproject.org/resources/pdf/Trends-in-Coll... I'm not familiar with Go. If my code performs several operations in a row, any of which could return an error, do I have to check the returned error value after each one? For example if performing file or network I/O? Do people find that surprising? Somewhat; because of its nature, cheating is very hard to quantify - I know there was some at my school but I can only speculate as to how much went on behind closed doors. Was collaboration permitted/encouraged on all assessment? In a lot of the group work at my school there tended to be some people who contributed nothing but complaints about their hangover - but who got good grades on the back of the group. I would have thought more group work would exacerbate this problem; do you think that was the case? According to [1] there are a few - no big names, though. As [2] says, running IPv6 is fairly boring; you get access to the same web as everyone else. [1] http://www.sixxs.net/faq/connectivity/?faq=native&countr... [2] http://bens.me.uk/2011/adventures-in-ipv6 I am not a white male bigot who hires people like me. I work with women, non-white, non-atheist, non-Christian, non-liberal, non-leftist, non-English (I'm British), people all day, every day and have done so for many years. A lot of what candidates expect and interviewers ask comes from what other people do/report having done. Think of how often different companies ask the same brain teasers - and how common it is for companies to ask brain teasers! I'm sure you don't discriminate - you just want to see my holiday snaps on facebook out of general interest. The problem is it makes looking at people's facebook profiles the norm; today you're doing it, tomorrow every employer is - and they're not all as open-minded as you. The fact you assume a potential employer who is betting a substantial amount of money on you is interested in your personal life for any other reason than to understand you better and to make sure you're going to be a great fit, is cynical, naive and misguided. According to "Are Emily and Greg More Employable than Lakisha and Jamal? A Field Experiment on Labor Market Discrimination" by Marianne Bertrand and Sendhil Mullainathan [1] when identical resumes are sent out with traditionally black or white names, resumes with white names get 50% more call backs, across all industries. I don't think it's naive or misguided to worry about employers subconsciously discriminating. [1] http://scholar.harvard.edu/mullainathan/files/emilygreg.pdf Why the hell would you cheer about the high margins charged on the products you are paying for? I don't cheer high margins, but in some industries cheap medium-low quality products crowd more expensive higher quality products out of the market. Consider inkjet printers; there are many cheap products on the market, but the consensus opinion among techies seems to be that there's no suppler with a good product. It would be a shame if more of the technology industry went in that direction. For kickstarter, this isn't only a question of strict legality and having the right weasel-words in their small print. It's also a question of reputation. There's already a bunch of stories in the press about projects failing to deliver, and the more backers get shafted the worse this will get. If no-one wants to invest in Kickstarter projects that'll be bad for kickstarter. There's a whole bunch of different things Kickstarter could do about hardware projects failing to deliver. Why they aren't taking action yet is a mystery to me. I don't see why vetting would put any more liability on Kickstarter - all the 'responsibility lies with the creator' legal mumbo-jumbo can remain in place. If you browse this thread you'll find lots of suggestions from different people. Probably other people will have better ideas than mine, but for what it's worth: I'd require projects successfully raising a large amount (say, more than the price of a midsized car) for hardware to agree a series of milestones, releasing the funds to them in stages. The precise milestones would be agreed on a project-by-project basis, but could include: Some money up front, some money when they have a preliminary electrical schematic and prototype on breadboard, some money when they have a costed bill of materials and a final prototype, some money when they have a feature-complete mobile app, and some money as the products start shipping and the invoices from manufacturers start arriving. To put it another way, creators can't have any pudding if they don't eat their meat. Well, in the case of the 'LIFX' bulb mentioned in the article, they've made a 5% commission on the $870,447 raised and I can't imagine too much of that would go on administration. I agree admin costs would be a problem for smaller projects; if Kickstarter was only making $2500 total on a project they couldn't afford a thorough technical design audit. Some costs could be kept down with technology, e.g. prototype demo youtube videos, which creators should be doing to keep their backers engaged anyway. You'd risk rigged demos, of course. Crowd funding is still a developing industry at the moment, and it's mostly assumption on my part that makes me think creators failing to deliver is going to be a problem. It's going to be interesting seeing what develops. ...and even more impressive, they did it before the terms 'LTV', 'network effect' and 'virality' had even been coined. With the right 3d printer, you can print out servo-driven anthropomorphic robot hands: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAs2F4sFVdA Whether that's useful or just an interesting-but-expensive model making hobby is a matter of opinion! I think the designer may have a higher-end 3D printer than we're discussing here - he mentions a 3D touch, and they start at $3500ish. The article identifies Dudley and Stratford-upon-avon as broken in Apple's app. Both Dudley and Stratford-upon-avon are identified fine in the TomTom (nee Tele Atlas) online route planner if you search by name [1] If you compare the first example image from the article [2] with the TomTom data [3] you can see the minor roads are present in TomTom's data, present in Google's data, but absent in the screenshot of Apple's software. This may well indicate a problem with Apple's software. [1] http://routes.tomtom.com [2] http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/63010000/jpg/_63010615... [3] http://routes.tomtom.com/map/Sunderland%2520Street%252C%2520... My best guess is there's a problem in serving the map data up to users. Vector slippy maps run on bounding box searches - if I look at New York, my client says to the server "Tell me all the roads within this square" with the latitude and longitude of wherever I'm looking. There's a lot of data - too much to store on one server - and the data doesn't all shard naturally. You can divide the world up into squares and store different squares on different servers, but long roads cross many squares, big objects like country borders belong in many squares, and when you're zoomed out your view covers many squares. The server also has to be clever; I don't actually want every road in New York or the data would take forever to load. I only want the major roads when I'm zoomed out. All these problems are solvable - spatial databases like PostGIS have been able to perform bounding box queries for years - but I don't know of anyone using PostGIS to support the millions of users Google have. It's well known that for regular data Google has things like BigTable, fancy NoSQL stuff that's supposed to scale well; I assume they have a geospatial database along similar lines. It's possible Apple decided to develop something similar. My guess as to how [1] came about is that the user started zoomed out, so they only got sent major roads, then when they zoomed in some hiccup prevented loading the minor roads. This could have been as simple as the user's wifi going down, or it could that Apple's database servers are overloaded or have bugs. [1] http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/63010000/jpg/_63010615... If I'm logging upvotes on a post or comments on a blog, [...] I think it's fair to ignore errors. Even in that situation, you need to know whether you're discarding 1% of upvotes or 99% of upvotes. Right now for me the referrer averages for facebook.com say 43% safari - but only 24% OS X? Sounds improbable. The article does say that any additional earnings derived would be passed onto an independent trust to invest in improving internet access and security. Nominet itself is not-for-profit. And there's at least some support for this URL-shortening change in this thread. It doesn't seem like a revenue grab to me. Stratasys doesn't care about stopping him - they just don't want their company's name on it. But a better indicator that Bitcoin activity is increasing is the number of Bitcoin transactions on the network itself. Is it better? If I shifted some bitcoins around between several of my own wallets, that would create transactions - but would that be a meaningful indication of anything? when was the last time you ever saw anything from yahoo answers that was not a joke (accidental or otherwise)? Just the other day I typed "1.3 meters in inches" into Google, to use their calculator. Yahoo answers was at the top of Google's rankings. Yahoo Answers isn't just top for "1.3 meters in inches" - they're also top for "1.2 meters in inches", "1.4 meters in inches", one-from-top in "1.5 meters in inches" and "1.6 meters in inches" and top for "1.7 meters in inches" - not to mention "1 meter in centimeters". Evidently, Yahoo Answers is a market leader in this sort of query. For me as a user, having an app that works replaced with an app that doesn't work is a bad thing. Of course some things are expensive - but there are still efficiency savings to be made; Americans on average spend more for the same health outcomes. For example, American medicine has a culture of ordering lots of tests based on legal, rather than scientific guidance. Consider the Merenstein PSA case [1] for an example. Increasing efficiency and driving down average healthcare costs ought to reduce insurance costs. [1] http://www.kevinmd.com/blog/2004/05/doctor-sued-uspstf-guide... One could still have free music for those who value dollars more than time. If the music can be copied freely, couldn't the cover art and other metadata also be copied? There's no reason in principle that an ad-supported iTunes clone couldn't do everything iTunes does - it could be more convenient, in fact, as you wouldn't have to muck around with credit card numbers and passwords. The only reason piracy is inconvenient at the moment is because it's illegal. I haven't looked at all the data released, but for the sample I did look I didn't see a breach of a university's central records system - they were breaches of things like the university's diving club's phpbb forum. Fairly mundane as these things go. Don't you think any paid selection-curation-storage effort will have ad-supported competitors? Google, Youtube etc are all free - it's obviously economically feasible to distribute media online for just ad revenues. Perhaps you've seen the article on the front page about effort estimation for programmers [1]. I know when I'm handed a bug to fix, until I find the cause I have no idea if it'll be a three hour task or a three day task. If programmers don't know up front how much effort a task will take, how should managers? [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4621268 Can you give me an example of how people having a vested interest in the results of a survey would improve the results? I always thought that if you have a question (like "should the government fund more particle physics") and you ask people with a vested interest (particle physicists) you'll get an answer aligned with their interest ("absolutely, extremely important") in which case why do a survey at all when you know what answers they're going to give? It was the title of the article, "The Only Earthling With a Facebook 'Dislike' Button" Sounds like the button isn't part of the core product, just part of the release infrastructure. A few months ago I wanted to buy 1000 Microsoft Lifecam Cinema HD webcams. I could order them individually from Amazon for £27 each with free delivery. I phoned up all the official Microsoft distributors in my country, who phoned up Microsoft and whatnot. Not one of them could offer me a price below about £35. And getting in contact with Microsoft hardware directly? Ha, I should be so lucky. A lot of solutions end up looking similar, as the automated marking system requires certain method names and the questions often have answers that are only a line or two at this early stage of the class. Early questions are things like: if membership of a set is a function mapping between an integer and a boolean, how would you define the membership of a singleton set? Modulo the spaces and variable names, every student's answer was probably the same! So detecting who has copied their solution is probably difficult. Asked to quote to make a system like [1] for a fleet of 1000 vans. Buying in USB cameras would reduce engineering costs compared to making our own. Eventually went for a brand that cost less and could accept wide angle lenses. [1] http://www.smartdrive.net The problem with question banks, at least in normal academia, is making sure everyone gets a question set of equal difficulty. If one person gets asked for an algorithm to find the length of a linked list and another gets asked for an algorithm to remove a node from an AVL tree, that's not fair on the second person. You could experimentally calibrate the question bank, seeing which questions trip students up the most, but that requires asking the same questions a bunch of times to different students, which is exactly what using the question bank was supposed to avoid! And if you want to reuse the calibrated data every year, you'll have to ask the same questions every year, which we prefer to avoid. I suppose with a sufficiently large student population an effective calibration might be possible - maybe Coursera will be the ones to do it! I've met Donald Knuth, Steve Wozniak and Tim Berners-Lee; none of them seemed like assholes to me. I can't think of anyone I've met, whom I respect but consider an asshole. By "Genius (with uppacase G)" you mean an Apple Store employee? Looks neat! I wonder how hard it is to lift, and whether my laptop cables and things would end up jamming in all the moving parts. The iphone/ipad web browsers already don't support flash, so dropping flash support isn't entirely a new thing. I for one am looking forward to its death on more platforms. How would you recommend performing that failover, when Elastic Load Balancers only cover a single region? If you host your own load balancer it'll have to be hosted somewhere, and DNS failover seems unpopular [1]. [1] http://serverfault.com/questions/60553/why-is-dns-failover-n... Last weekend I did some work with the OSM planet file - the thing with the XML format is it took several hours just to decompress it - even though I was reading it from RAM on an EC2 m2.2xlarge instance. And after that it still took an age to parse all the XML. All told it took 24 hours just to decompress the file and do a three-pass parse. With the benefit of this experience, I decided it was worth switching to OSM's alternative 'PBF' format [1]. It's a dense binary format that doesn't require additional compression. It's also reportedly 6 times faster to read than gzipped XML. Honestly it seems very complicated to parse, but if you're willing to work with Java or C there's a parser already available. [2] [1] http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/PBF_Format [2] https://github.com/scrosby/OSM-binary I do this for my little personal website. The key downside to hosting directly on S3 is it only does static pages. So it'll be manual HTML or a static-html-generating-tool like Octopress - none of this fancy dynamic content. If you're happy with this constraint, hosting on S3 works pretty well for me. A key feature of spatial databases, for me, is being able to store and query shapes more complicated than just points. In particular, roads with long straight segments don't have many nodes, so the nearest road isn't always the road the nearest node is on - and a road that travels through a bounding box won't always have a node in the bounding box. Does ElasticSearch support indexing on geometry more complicated than points? Then, in answer to the question "Why are people hellbent on using Postgres" I'd say it's to do the kind of searches I described, which are a native feature of spatial databases like PostGIS and Oracle Spatial. We see lots of stories about people running on EC2 and similar services, but the big players are all pretty straight-laced; witness the speed with which Amazon kicked off Wikileaks [1] - within about three days. I don't know how many cloud hosing providers there are - to judge from the way people talk here there's only EC2 and maybe Linode. You'd need a lot of providers if you need a new one every 3 days! [1] http://www.readwriteweb.com/cloud/2010/12/amazon-drops-wikil... Here is a diagram: http://imgur.com/yHbS7 I store paths which are comprised of an ordered sequence of points. Depending on what spatial tool you're using, you might call this a path, a linestring, a line, or an ordinate array. In the diagram the points are black dots and the path is shown in purple. I want to do a bounding box query - finding the paths that are entirely or partly inside a given box. In the diagram, the box I'm querying for is shown in red. As you can see in the diagram, the purple path passes through the red box, but none of the black points defining the path are within the box. I can accomplish this with a single query using Oracle Spatial [1] or PostGIS [2]. It requires that the spatial database understand shapes more complicated than just points. Can elasticsearch? There aren't any examples of this I can find in the documentation. [1] http://docs.oracle.com/cd/B12037_01/appdev.101/b10826/sdo_op... [2] http://postgis.refractions.net/docs/ST_Intersects.html In the universe where, to program it, you need a fully fledged computer to do the development on? I can't personally, as I can't afford a mac. But I see what you mean. There are different senses in which the word 'programmable' can be used - you can program a VCR without ever seeing a line of code! What I assume ekianjo meant was: There is a long standing tradition in the personal computing industry of being able to program on the computer itself without costly extra equipment or software. You look at your BBC Micro, your ZX-81, your TRS-80 they can all be programmed on the device. It was the same with mainframes and servers. Even DOS and Windows had QBASIC. Nowerdays, programming tools can be downloaded over the internet in a few clicks. The PC has always been a device which can not only consume software, but can produce it. Many people in the hacking community see this as a good thing - as a democratisation of creative power, and for educating the next generation of technologists, engineers, scientists and makers. The iPad lacks the ability to program on the device itself. It can only consume software, it cannot produce it. It does not belong to the long, revered tradition of self-programmability. It is in that sense that it is not programmable. But our explanation, that "Lottery tickets are foolish because they have a negative expected return" isn't exactly credible if we think insurance is a good deal. It's my experience that if you offer homeowners the opportunity to gamble all their properties, double-or-nothing on a gamble biased 60:40 in their favor, no-one will take you up on that. Even though the gamble has a positive expected value. My theory is the marginal utility [1] of your first home, which you stand to lose, is greater than the marginal utility of a second home, which you stand to gain. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marginal_utility Wait. Are you really doing that badly? If they've made $124 I'd wager they're doing worse than their business plan calls for, because that's about 17 hours of work at federal minimum wage. While I was at university, every lecture hall data projector had a PC connected to it. Often people would bring their presentations from home on USB memory sticks. Nowerdays there are viruses that spread by USB memory stick - and lie dormant on the computer infecting every USB memory stick that gets plugged in. Needless to say, lecture hall computers quickly became infected - even without any malicious intent on the part of the physically present user. Metadata says "Made with Evan's Movie to GIF Converter www.evanolds.com" which makes fairly modest claims - just that it converts movies to animated GIFs. Life expectancy of a car 150,000 to 300,000 miles [1] Cost of electricity: 6 to 12 cents per kWh [2] Performance of Model S: 300 miles in 85 kWh [3] Cost of Model S: $57,400 to $77,400 [3] Electricity cost: $2,550 to $10,200 Percentage of $57,400 vehicle cost: 4.44% to 17.77% There's also a supercharger 'activation fee' for the models that don't have the highest end battery [4] which presumably rolls in some of that cost. So I agree this is probably economically feasible. Of course, it all depends on what their profit margins are like when they get to serious production, what the charging efficiency is like, how much use Tesla's charge stations get, and how good a deal they can get on their electricity. [1] http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/12040753/ns/business-consumer_ne... [2] http://michaelbluejay.com/electricity/cost.html [3] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tesla_Model_S [4] http://www.teslamotors.com/forum/forums/update-supercharging... Looks good! When you click 'places' the 'cancel' button to close the popup doesn't work for me (Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Ubuntu; Linux x86_64; rv:16.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/16.0 ID:20121010235235) I added a place with a 20 minute radius, then realised I wanted to go back and make it a 30 minute radius. It wasn't obvious how to do that with the UI, I ended up adding another place by mistake. When I have two places, if I choose place 1, adjust the time radius slider, then I choose place 2 I get a new popup and my previous settings change is discarded. Could the changes auto-save, like when you drag and drop the place marker? I'd also suggest, after I've picked a price range, instead of the "Property listings will appear here - click anywhere in the orange areas to see what's available in that area." bit why not auto-click somewhere suitable, removing a step from the UI process? Also, if I could have a house cost heatmap with and without travelcard costs, that would be awesome. At the moment it's easy to visualise travel distances, but a heatmap would let me visualise the travel distance-house cost trade off. What's your source of train time data? Are transfer times taken into account? Some blogs embed "Disqus" comment boxes, which require third party cookies [1]. Me, I can live without blog comments. [1] http://peter.upfold.org.uk/blog/2010/05/12/centralised-comme... I agree that's likely - the only reason I didn't say it is we don't yet know the full layout of Tesla's charger network. There's a few companies that make "pico-ITX" boards that run x86 processors [1]. Mostly low powered chips like Atom, but you can get Core 2 Duo boards if you've got the cash. Prices started around $300 last time I checked. [1] http://www2.warwick.ac.uk/fac/sci/eng/meng/wmr/projects/uav/... A Kontron something-or-other, sticker's on the USB port. Similar-looking things (without the heatsink) here: http://uk.kontron.com/products/boards+and+mezzanines/embedde... The article says people will take one way private jet flights and the jet will fly back empty. Perhaps by 'fill space on flights' they mean legs where the jet would otherwise be empty. 3x the length, but only 0.03% the number of coalition troops lost. More allied troops died on an average day in WWII than coalition troops died in the entire Iraq conflict. A cab in SF costs $2.25 per mile (plus a flag fee, plus a fee for waiting in traffic, plus an airport surcharge) The IRS mileage rate is 14 cents per mile driven in service of charitable organizations and 51 cents per mile driven for business. Taxis haven't replaced private cars because they're radically more expensive. LIDAR manufacturer Ibeo currently make a ~12,000 euro LIDAR which they estimate, if mass produced, could cost less than 200 euros. The cost of the extra equipment won't be negligible - but it'll be very low once this stuff gets widely adopted. [1] http://www.its.dot.gov/research_docs/pdf/cicas_tech_docrpt2.... PDF, see pages 12 and 13 Clearly there are existing regulations that would have to be reformed - criminal record checks for self-driving cabs wouldn't make any sense, for example! What I think (and what I assume swombat means) is that these reforms will be made when self-driving cabs come on the market. After all, why wouldn't they? London is one place that doesn't have any limit or medallion system regulating the number of cab drivers - although they do have regulations regarding eyesight, criminal record and route-finding ability. Some of what Google does is tech industry gospel - for example things like technical interviews. When there's faults with it, that's relevant to my interests, as I might want to avoid their mistakes at my own company. That's why I found the article interesting, at any rate. Presumably cbgrey means "talented" because "experience" is often used to mean "not a fresh graduate" and this is a thread about graduate employment rates. They can have been given their powers by a cat-god in an acid-induced hallucination for all I care, as long as they can pass a technical interview. I've done some work with high current motor control boards - one of the problems we've had is '100 Amp' boards with capacitors on - when first plugged in, they draw more than 100 Amps as the capacitors charge. If you have spare boards and a hankering for destruction, you could repeat your test with resistors instead of hard disks, to verify the current drawn by the hard disk is as advertised. It sounds weird that Google did not triggered a recovery procedure on its own. It's possible they didn't have the personal contact details for the engineer capable of fixing the problem. We all know how hard it can be to contact a competent person at a big corporation when you have a problem [1]. Would Google find it easier than every other human being? [1] http://xkcd.com/806/ As I understand it the intention is to solve: 1. Allowing people with disabilities to vote. For example, headphone voice prompts for blind people, large print/high contrast for the elderly etc. 2. Making sure voters understand the voting procedure - particularly if there are multiple offices and issues on the ballot, multiple ballot papers and so on. 3. Ensuring voters' intent is recorded unambiguously. For example, you can't put marks in multiple boxes (intentionally or accidentally) and you can't leave a dimpled or hanging chad. 4. Perfect counting (assuming the data is entered correctly and the software works right) as opposed to manual counts where papers sometimes end up in the wrong pile. 5. You can offer voting in multiple languages. 6. You can randomise the order of candidates on the ballot, to evenly distribute any impact being at the top might have. 7. Ability to take backups for transit or deliver results electronically, avoiding boxes of ballots going missing. 8. Reduced counting costs and faster results, allowing more polling stations to be operated and allowing the polls to stay open later for the same result delivery deadline. Whether it succeeds at offering these benefits, and whether they're worth the obvious cost in trust is debatable. Company X might value the debt at $500 on the assumption there's a 25% chance they'll recover $2000 and a 75% chance they'll recover $0. Filter out the 25% who can pay and the value of the debt would presumably drop significantly! Software licensing is already a joke - he's just being honest about it. If FSF had the foresight to trademark Free Software™ and Open Source™ we wouldn't have this sort of confusion. It's my opinion that the better dressed the guy writing code, the more suspect his code is... So do you think others make judgements about your ability to do a job based on how you're dressed? Sometimes when an organization wants rid of something (semi-) popular they use a two step process - first change it so it's unpopular, then kill it. That way you don't have to deal with the PR of killing something popular. The bridge between Apple and Samsung is on fire, but given that Apple set fire to it, they probably have an alternative in the pipeline. Samsung are just adding fuel to the fire; they know Apple's going to drop them anyway, why wouldn't they make as much profit as they're contractually able to? I'd be interested to see that proof if you have scientific studies supporting it - sounds fascinating! It's been my experience that communication quality has more to do with initial culture, growth rate, and ability to inculcate newcomers to social norms than with naming policies. Of course, the need to grow a community slowly to maintain social norms conflicts with the imperative placed on VC-funded companies to grow as fast as possible. The main risk in my mind was that it was some sort of control sequence for a feature I hadn't memorized. I know there's some syntax I can use to create a zero width negative look behind recursive greedy named capture group back reference. Perhaps hyphen-tilde triggers something like that. Domain whois shows it's registered to "4President Corporation" and it shares a host with http://4president.org/ with provider 'hostmysite'. Looks like this is someone's intentional effort to archive these things. Presumably it's useful for web developers on Windows 7 or above, but who need to test on IE6/7. As to why they'd use their own VM in preference to VirtualBox I don't know. But to be fair, Microsoft isn't the only company that neglects developers who aren't on their platform; "not invented here" syndrome seems to impact all software companies eventually! If there's 1000 wallets that only transact with each other and never (or rarely) with other wallets, it might be possible to identify them as an island in the transaction graph - see [1] for an example of automatic graph clustering (I think the image is communities in facebook's social graph, but the same algorithm could be applied to a transaction graph) Of course, whether that behavior would stand out depends on how other users of the system behave. [1] http://www.ece.umd.edu/~wenjunlu/images/gephi.png Content aggregation sites like HN and reddit often weight upvotes based on time. This makes some sense; an article that gets x upvotes in y minutes is more popular than an article that takes 4*y minutes to get the same number of upvotes! But on Reddit this has an odd side-effect; as early upvotes are the key to getting to the front page, an article that takes 30 minutes to read doesn't get any upvotes in the first 30 minutes. But a meme or a 10-second gif? Upvoted in seconds, and on its way to the front page. Of course, Reddit is quite successful; no shame in providing bite-sized posts with quick gratification if that's what the market demands. Let's travel back in time to a few days ago, before these allegations emerged. Mike Lynch seemed like a guy who'd founded a high tech software company, let it grow, and sold it for billions of dollars. He's got an engineering PhD from a top university. Over the last 10 years technology like the web, podcasts, home broadband, iPlayer etc have had a lot of impact on the BBC. It makes sense to have someone on the board who has an engineering background and experience managing complex technology projects. They might think a legislation change to protect horror movie and sex toy makers will have more chance politically, so they wanted the wikileaks thing to have a chance to blow over. My phone company has a neat way around this. When I declined to give them my details as they'd called me they proposed I give my date of birth with one number changed, and they'd tell me which one was changed and what the true value was. That's obviously not a completely secure system, but validating by birth date isn't very secure anyway. In the realm of thesis printing, you pay 10 to 22 cents per monochrome side, plus about $30 for perfect binding (plus shipping, and any surcharges for fast turnaround). So printing Strousup's 900 page "The C++ Programming Language" costs $130+ and printing something slimmer like "The Art of Computer Programming, Volume 4 Fascile 4" costs $40+. New from Amazon those would cost $55 and $15 respectively. If you can get your prices competitive, there might be an opportunity for you in thesis printing. If you could get your prices so low that a professor with a ready-to-go textbook in PDF form could get it printed on demand cheaper than going through regular publishers and college bookstores, that would be a big opportunity right there. By all accounts college textbooks in America are very expensive, but neither authors nor publishers admit to making much profit, so presumably there's a lot of inefficiency there. Could be ripe for disruption. Modern scanners will produce a 'searchable PDF' comprised of two layers - OCRed text below, scanned image on top. So you get the search and copy ability of OCRed text, but not the loss of presentation and formatting that comes with using OCR alone. As with any OCR, you do get occasional mis-transcribed words. Google Books doesn't let you download an entire DRM free book to your Kindle, does it? but then if the skills were transferrable (ie not proprietary) then the market would adjust - but it seems that there are very very few people with Machine X experience in each locale, and they are desperate for jobs. It's not a problem of proprietary skills - Siemens controllers, Fanuc controllers and Heidenahin controllers are extremely similar. Changing between Siemens and Fanuc is more like changing from Eclipse to Netbeans than changing from Java to C. The problem is the entire market for CNC machine operators is very small. Edit: I see you've edited your comment. Well, everyone's experience with this is going to depend on the type of people they know and their personal background. I am a programmer with a postgraduate degree myself, so I know many bright people in fields like physics and mathematics who have chosen masters degrees and even doctorates as a route to pursue their passions for physics and mathematics, and who have gone on to become excellent programmers. Granted, they could have made more cash by going straight into programming - or banking for that matter - but they've got passion and intellectual curiosity, and in my book that's a good thing for a programmer to have. That's not to say everyone with a postgraduate degree is great - I'm sure the population has its share of idiots and assholes, like every population! Many of those items are things that can be performed in plain sight because non-saboteurs could believably be doing them. For example, if a developer at your organization complains they're held up because their PC has 1 gigabyte of RAM instead of 8, that might be 5.11.c.5 sabotage ('do poor work and blame your tools') or it might be because they legitimately need more RAM to run hefty modern IDEs. Needless to say, treating requests for better equipment as sabotage when they're legitimate probably isn't going to help your organization. The same could probably be said for most of the activities listed in that section. I can tell you that I've never shared what you're searching for with anyone else; no one benefits from your searches other than you. That's reassuring! I suppose if you're suggesting dozens of domains to people, registering them speculatively would be difficult as there are so many options. How do you search Sedo without telling them the search term? (If you want to be pedantic, my query is revealed to Google+, Google Analytics, Mixpanel, Kissmetrics, Facebook, Cloudfront, Twitter and BigHugeLabs - although I doubt facebook is in the business of domain name squatting) I don't see a point of licensing, since they might as well have used Google Maps. Google only release their map data as slippy map tiles - they don't release the underlying data required to implement turn-by-turn directions. Navteq and Tomtom will let you do essentially anything with their data for the right price. Glass windows are also easy to "troll" with rocks, but that hasn't stopped people putting them into buildings and vehicles. I work for a company that's in direct competition with Amazon (in one of the many areas Amazon operates in). Handing our customer lists, source code, finance and sales data to Amazon in plaintext form seems naive to me. There's lots of people at Amazon, and it only takes one ambitious middle manager who wants to get noticed by cleverly anticipating the competition. Most likely there's no audit trail, and no chance of getting caught. What do you think, am I unreasonably cynical? A job pays money, but it also involves a bunch of other things, like interesting work, a sense of purpose, and a manager who isn't an asshole. More money can replace all the non-money things, in the same way tofu can replace bacon: It's a good enough replacement for some people, it'll never be a good enough replacement for all people. It might be difficult to attract top tier job candidates if you offer an all-tofu diet. You might have to hire non-top-tier candidates. Amazon's external-facing security seems robust, but most places I've worked have given a lot of trust to people on the inside. I've worked at places where all developers get read access to all databases - and managers who are former developers usually retain that access. Amazon might have good internal security procedures - but this stuff can't be audited effectively, we can only take amazon's word for it. Taking their word for it, with the security of all your customers' data, is a big ask. Perhaps you've heard people say "most small companies fail due to cashflow problems" - what that means is: A company can have a great half-finished project/lots of pre-orders/great sales leads/user growth and they can see a light at the end of the tunnel where they'll be profitable. But before they reach the light at the end of the tunnel they run out of cash to pay suppliers and salaries, then they're bankrupt. Let's say a company plans to make their game in 1 year with 5 developers paid $60,000 each, so they raise $300,000. Every month of overrun costs them $25,000 in salaries, and if they don't have cash in the bank on pay day the employees don't get paid. At Blizzard or Valve this wouldn't a problem, they've got oodles of cash in the bank. But the whole point of going to kickstarter is because you don't have oodles of cash in the bank. Amazon is much more accustomed to operating a low-margin business than Google or Microsoft. I'd have thought Amazon's core business, shipping physical goods in exchange for cash, would be more profitable than Google's core business, providing search and e-mail funded by adverts. I'm not an expert on ad-supported websites, but they aren't exactly notoriously profitable. The courier doesn't deliver directly to the box, they deliver to BufferBox's warehouse (where there's someone to sign for your parcel) then it's taken to the box. If the box is full, they hold your parcel until there's space. Presumably they could offer to deliver to a nearby alternative box if it came to that. My dad always told me an employee who wants a competitive salary needs the negotiating leverage that if he isn't paid market rate he'll have to look elsewhere. He said you need skills that more than one employer wants, and qualifications more than one company will recognize. I'd be interested to hear how other companies view employees who've been through "Zoho University"? Have many of your students got jobs with decent salaries after leaving your company? To keep track of your position using inertial measurement you need two types of sensor - gyroscopes, to work out which way you're pointing, and accelerometers, to work out how fast you're going. An IMU in a smartphone would be subject to 10 m/s/s acceleration at all times under gravity, 50 m/s/s on a rollercoaster, and 100,000 m/s/s if you drop your phone on a hard surface. Let's say we don't mind losing your location if you drop your phone, so we pick an accelerometer with a maximum range of 50 m/s/s. Now, how accurately can we measure acceleration? The raw image setting on a fancy digital camera is 14 bits, which gives 16384 levels. CD audio is 16 bit, so it has 65,536 levels. Assume you can come up with a design that offers a 32 bit range, for a full 4 billion levels. That means your measurements will be precise to 0.0000000116 m/s/s - pretty accurate, right? The thing is, after 24 hours your phone will have an inaccurate estimate of its speed (0.0000000116 m/s/s * 24 hours = 0.001 m/s) and after 24 hours with that inaccurate speed estimate you'll have an inaccurate position estimate (0.001 m/s * 24 hours = 86.4 m) and the longer you leave it going, the bigger the error can get. TLDR: You need super-precise sensors to do dead reckoning that stays accurate for long periods. Yes indeed! Of course, that doesn't reduce your position error, it only stops your position error growing while you're stationary. And you can't be stationary all the time (or if you can be, you don't need a navigation system at all!). Inertial Navigation Systems like OxTS make [1] use GPS to get rid of this integration error that accumulates over time. For applications in vehicles you can also use the vehicle's speedometer, so you're measuring speed directly, which means fewer integration errors. [1] http://www.oxts.com/default.asp?pageRef=69 There's a theory that says top tier candidates aren't often on the market, as their employers are keen to retain them and people in their personal networks are keen to offer them work. It makes sense to me that an employed, well paid person who isn't actively seeking a job wouldn't be as motivated as an unemployed, unpaid person who is actively seeking a job. If Intel's offering holds the performance crown (and/or the performance-per-$ crown) I'd have thought they'd hold onto a lot of the enthusiast market. A lot of modding, after all, is oriented towards getting performance. When opening an SSL connection your browser typically transmits the server name unencrypted, so the server knows which public key to send you. This is known as Server Name Indication [1]. SSL doesn't stop people seeing what servers you connect to, or the amount of traffic you exchange with each one. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication In college I took a class in engineering business management. Many of the things I learned in that class made a lot of sense, so I certainly wouldn't deride the teaching of how business works in general. It seemed to me that every management technique (lean, kanban, kaizen, six sigma, prince2) came with a high profile success story attributed to it. That's reasonable enough. But every time a management technique also had a high profile failure story at a second company, it was never attributed to a failing of the system; it was that the second company hadn't believed in it hard enough. If only they'd completely gone for broke, throwing caution to the wind, it would have worked! The bias towards only seeing the good in these techniques made it jolly difficult to choose between them when they offered contradictory advice. Well....that sounds simplistic, but suppose he doesn't want to leave South America. Why should he? To avoid bad and corrupt justice systems he seems to think will torture/wrongly convict/murder him? Some people [1] have linked the rise of Lego and the decline of Meccano [2] to the decline of manufacturing in the western world, as Lego doesn't teach Meccano's lessons about L section beams, diagonal braces, gantries in tension and compression, and so on. [1] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1333215/Why-Britain-n... [2] http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-8Q-tdV67Suc/TfhcQxf63JI/AAAAAAAAAT... You can get postcode/easting/northing for free using Ordnance Survey's Code-Point Open product [1]. That'll let you check a postcode exists, but it doesn't help with address auto-completion, as it doesn't give you a street name. [1] http://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/oswebsite/products/code-poin... LinkedIn used unsalted SHA-1, had their passwords leaked, and within a month 90-95% of leaked passwords were cracked[1]. Admittedly LinkedIn isn't a critical application calling for people's most secure passwords - but it's evident that only 5-10% of users use passwords that take more than 1 month to crack when hashed with SHA-1. [1] http://securitynirvana.blogspot.co.uk/2012/06/final-word-on-... Yes, you're right about that. I only included that proviso because I've seen people on HN report that, while they use a complicated, hard-to-remember password for important sites (gmail, paypal) they use weaker/easier to remember/reused passwords on less important sites (HN, reddit, facebook, linkedin). Depending on how widespread this behaviour is, while 90-95% of linkedin passwords were easily cracked, that might not generalise to all sites. If the rule that kept them from investing in Apple and Intel also kept them from investing in Webvan and Pets.com (and a dozen other costly failures) they might think on balance it's a good rule. You'll note there's no page on their portfolio for "bad investments we didn't make". We have a variety of these websites in the UK, such as gocompare, comparethemarket and moneysupermarket. All of them list quotes ordered by price, from lowest to highest - and while some companies aren't listed, I have yet to find an unlisted company that offers a better price. How does your product compare to these? Great post. It sounds like the penalties are severe if you are detected making omissions during discovery - but how would that actually be detected? Team Best Buy seems pretty unethical, and when Best Buy's lawyers manually check which CEO e-mails were relevant to the case I'm sure honest mistakes sometimes get made. It would be awfully easy for dishonest 'mistakes' to be made with one or two of the most incriminating e-mails. Are you really saying there's no independent auditing? That the entire system relies on Best Buy's lawyers incriminating their co-workers and the employer who puts bread on their table? That seems exceptionally trusting in lawyers' professional ethics. Does the discovery at least have to be done by an different law firm to the corporation's day-to-day legal work? Until recently, graphics scaling didn't work very well - so high resolution meant tiny icons and text over-running its allocated space. OS and software vendors didn't fix this because no-one had high resolution displays, and display makers didn't make high resolution displays because everything looked like ass. I'm not a big apple user, but I'll admit there are times when having the hardware and OS designed under the same command has its advantages. If you take a look at the thread "Ask HN: I want to build a cable company. How would I get started?" [1] I saw that title and thought great, a discussion of the economics and technical side of building out a FTTH network. I was wondering how feasible it would be to start something like Google Fibre in my city. I was disappointed. There's about three reasonable quality posts, and even they are short on technical and financial details. All the other top-level posts are basically noise. I don't think HN needs "enforced PC" but I do think it would be improved if instead of just posting "it won't work" people posted "it will be difficult because of a, b and c which you need for x, y and z and which will cost i, j and k" [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4893776 A 1U xserve maxes out at 334 Watts [1]. Each Mac mini takes 85 Watts [2], so 4 is 340 Watts. At 220v that's 1.54 Amps. Is splitting the power really so dangerous? [1] http://support.apple.com/kb/HT3513 [2] http://support.apple.com/kb/HT3468 If I have a British widget company that buys £2 million of plastic and sells £3 million of widgets, I pay out a profit of £1 million to my shareholders and that profit is subject to corporation tax. If my company buys £2 million of plastic and spends £1 million licensing a widget design from a company based in Bermuda, I haven't made a profit and I don't pay my shareholders, so I pay no profit tax. The Bermuda-based company, on the other hand, has made a profit of £1 million - and they're only taxed at whatever Bermuda's tax rate is. And if that completely separate company happens to have the same shareholders... I read an interesting report on different European legal systems and how they deal with libel/defamation [1] Comparing Germany to England there are many differences when it comes to libel. Germany has a civil law system while England has a common law system. German cases are decided by a panel of professional judges, while in England juries can be used. German lawyers are paid on a task based system, while English lawyers are paid by the hour. The German system needs one lawyer per claimant and defendant, for cases where English law would need three solicitors, a partner, some trainee solicitors, and two or three barristers. In the German system there are no punitive damages, only compensation. Because of these differences, a claim with legal costs of 10,000 euros or less in Germany can cost several million pounds in legal fees in England. How a country's legal system works can radically alter the costs of going to court. [1] http://pcmlp.socleg.ox.ac.uk/research/project/comparative-st... I agree advance notice would have been good - but accepting self-signed certs seems like a recipe for MITM attacks. If I ask Gmail to check my mail.outlook.com account and it gets a self-signed cert back, I'd certainly expect it to alert, not to send my credentials to the MITM. What's particularly interesting isn't that they've spoofed a signal, but that they've demonstrated nontrivial software vulnerabilities that can be triggered by the spoofed signal. For example, the GPS system transmits the date as a number of weeks since a reference epoch, modulo 1024 [1]. This space saving made sense when they designed the protocol; GPS uses a 50-bits-per-second data link so every bit counts. The last rollover to week zero happened in 1999, the next one will be in 2018. Not so rare that you can ignore it, but not so frequent that code gets battle-tested. What some receivers do is store a 'last week number seen' and a 'number of rollovers' in nonvolatile memory, and any time they see the week number lower than the last one seen, they increment the number of rollovers. So even if the GPS is kept powered off and its internal clock battery dies, as long as it gets a signal once every 512 weeks (~10 years) it can pick up the right time. One of the interesting things they demonstrate is that you can spoof a signal which fakes the week-number-decrement and this increments the number of rollovers counter - and not all receivers have any ability to correct for that. Another example: The slow GPS data link is used to tell receivers where in space the satellites are - which it needs to know to calculate the receiver's position, and to get a head start finding other satellites by knowing roughly where to look for them. Because the GPS data link is so slow, it can take 30 to 60 seconds for a receiver to get this data as it's a whole 1.5 kilobytes [2]. Receivers often cache some of this data in nonvolatile memory so they can perform a 'warm start' where they don't have to wait for all the data to download. But if you receive spoofed data that triggers a software bug (like a divide by zero error) and you store that in your nonvolatile memory, the receiver loads the data, crashes, reboots, loads the data again and the same thing happens. This is interesting stuff - most work on GPS spoofing and jamming in the past has focused on things like replaying signals to send vehicles off course rather than triggering crash bugs in receiver firmware. The current civilian GPS signal has no anti-spoofing element to it, so there isn't an easy solution to this. [1] http://www.colorado.edu/geography/gcraft/notes/gps/gpseow.ht... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GPS_signals#Navigation_message Several of the attacks mentioned in the linked paper mess with data that receivers write to nonvolatile memory and reload when they turn on. As such you do not have to transmit continuously; some vulnerable receivers only need a brief transmission of corrupt data and they get stuck in reboot loops. Needless to say, transmitters that only transmit for a few minutes a day are very difficult to locate manually compared to jammers that operate continuously. Plenty of developers write software never hoping to make a dime from it or hire anyone else to work on it. But they have little reason to worry about incorporation or branding or 'pivoting' or 'series a funding' or 'growth hacking', and they self-identify as 'open source developers' rather than 'start up entrepreneurs'. Having occasional thought about killing isn't unusual - but the article describes having these thoughts far more often than is normal, and acting on them with much less provocation. An analogy: Any computer will crash when running buggy software - but a computer with a bad stick of RAM will crash much more often. The symptoms of both those problems will be fairly similar. Likewise, most humans think about killing from time to time - but some mentally ill people think about it much more often. Unfortunately with humans one can't run memtest86+ or swap the ram out and see if the problem goes away. Meetup.com also send out "A waitlist is available for [event]" e-mails - perhaps the most unhelpful e-mail possible, and as far as I can tell the only way to turn them off is to turn off everything. Makes me thankful for gmail's filtering. We can see there's a potential downside to giving honest feedback - is there any upside, from the employee's perspective? What sort of bugs did you find in ArrayList? This seems like a trivial thing to abuse (and I'm sure many do). I can't speak for Amazon, but at my employer, when a customer phones up or e-mails the customer service rep immediately sees certain details - number of orders by address, lifetime spend, spend in last 6 months, age of account and address, percentage refunds, fraud flags and so on. Needless to say, the more legitimate an account looks, the easier it is for them to get no-hassle refunds. According to [1] the 6" subway Tuna sandwich has 470 calories. Assuming the footlong has twice as many calories that's 940 calories. [1] http://www.subway.com/nutrition/nutritionlist.aspx Presumably it depends on the complexity of the logic that has to be evaluated to determine whether the assertion passes. I've seen math libraries where, for example, the invert-matrix function finishes with an assertion that the input matrix multiplied with the output matrix is the identity matrix. That's a reasonable enough test, but it means when you enable assertions you see a major performance hit. >> but there are plenty of internet "lifestyle businesses" that can communicate with their user base much much better. > Like..? MetaFilter [1] does an excellent job of owner-moderator-user interaction. Here are some key features: * Because of the size of the site, they don't have to rely on community moderation - and the moderators they do have do a very patient and professional job. You don't get capricious or childish deletions, you get the feeling moderators think carefully before deleting posts, and they're always willing to explain their decisions. There's nothing like wheel wars or moderators trying to kick out other moderators. * There's a $5 signup fee so regular bans work - no need for things like hell bans/shadow bans. * There's a section of the site called 'metatalk' [2] where things like policies, bugs, moderator actions etc can be discussed. Metatalk posts tend to get read by mods pretty quickly; the top post there has a reply from the site's main developer within 2 minutes. * Between Metatalk and the mods chatting in the site's normal threads, people feel they know the moderators [3]. Matt, the site's owner, seems like a reasonable guy. As such, people are much less worried that the site's owners are trying to fuck them over - because the site's owners have an established history of not doing that. [1] http://metafilter.com/ [2] http://metatalk.metafilter.com/ [3] http://metatalk.metafilter.com/17338/Does-MeFi-have-a-privac... Many people attribute this to "the innovator's dilemma" [1] - Kodak had a lead in digital camera technology, but they weren't as enthusiastic as they should have been to push digital as it would have made their chemical photography business obsolete. When you've got a big, profitable film business, lots of film business employees and factories and machines, people right up to the boardroom who have dedicated their lives to building up the film business, and lots of customers like photo development firms who are saying they think film is just great - it's difficult to decide to consign all that to the scrap heap. And by the time you don't have a profitable film business any more, you've lost the headstart you once had. [1] https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=innovators+dilemma+kodak Yes, I've heard a (possibly fictional) quote attributed to Sony president Akio Morita: "My job is to make our products obsolete before our competitors do" Of course, I'm sure an ipod factory/engineering team/customer base could switch to the iphone more easily than a chemical film factory/engineering team/customer base could switch to digital sensors - so I'd be hard pressed to claim I could have done a better job of managing Kodak! When I read martythemaniak's comment with its talk of "some people", "the mainstream camp" and "high profile economists" it's unclear who these groups are. Monetarists? Keynesians? Advocates of lower government spending? Advocates of tax increases to cut government debt? Or tax cuts to spur growth? Advocates of higher government spending? Spending on bailouts? Countercyclical government spending on infrastructure projects? Academic economists at universities, who don't put their money where their mouth is? Big city financiers, who got us into this mess? Government economist-politicians, who have to be perpetually upbeat to try to keep the market confident? 'The Stock Market' which isn't even a person? Bloggers and columnists? Advocates of lower interest rates? Higher interest rates? Republicans? Democrats? Needless to say, as I didn't know who was being talked about I couldn't derive much meaning from martythemaniak's comment. The 2005 DARPA Grand Challenge [1], a self-driving-car competition, was extremely successful. Winning entrants spent far more than the prize of $2 million - predominantly funded by sponsorship from companies interested in self-driving vehicle technology. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DARPA_Grand_Challenge As I understand it most university projects don't get much cash from the university itself. In general STEM research is funded by grant money/sponsorship from industry that academics raise themselves. Often it's the academic/research group that then pays the university! Admittedly the two leading teams did have a bunch of undergraduate students working on them, which offsets their labor costs - and the univesity usually supplies some resources. Interesting. What's Instacart's range/pricing like? Would you say they're closer to a higher price/smaller range inner city convenience store, or do they have a lower price/larger range like an out-of-town big box retailer? There are hundreds of companies, individuals, analysts and twitter bots giving out stock tips, recommendations, target prices and whatnot. As long as you're not acting on insider information, is there anything illegal about advising people to sell a stock? If you'd be willing to work near London in the UK and use Java, drop me an e-mail - address is in my profile. Given that for Ireland the word is 'Northern' (as in 'Northern Ireland') I assume the person who made the map excluded the country's name. They said he tried other dealerships and couldn't get such a good deal, so presumably there wasn't much left in it for the dealership. Plenty of places let you vote by post, which has this problem. And with people taking their camera phones into voting booths, arguably manual voting does too. London has a bicycle sharing scheme where you can rent a bike at one station and drop it off at another. A side effect of this is in the mornings, when most traffic is from stations towards the city centre, there are no bikes at stations; and in the evenings, when most traffic is from the city centre towards the stations, there are no free return spots near stations. To compensate for this, lorryloads of vans shuttle back and forth in the opposite direction to the commuters. Obviously, zipcar would follow a different demand pattern to a bike hire scheme, but there's still a risk there'd be large scale patterns in demand - for example in the holiday season all the zipcars might get driven to the airport. That isn't an insurmountable problem, of course. Presumably Avis deal with this every day. But presumably they don't plan to turn Zipcar into Avis. I'm sure the impression you get depends on the stations you use. I go through Kings Cross at 18:30 so I often see bikes being loaded - At any other station I might have got a different impression! According to [1] they have a fleet of 14 electric vans (pulling trailers of 20 bikes), 10 diesel cars (pulling the same trailers), 7 sprinter vans (16 bikes) and 3 DAF 7.5 tonne trucks (50 bikes each). But that fleet is to deal with peak demand, such as during tube strikes. [1] http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/mindthegap/2011/01/moving_hire_bi... A good interview question can be clearly defined in a few minutes, and it can be answered in a few minutes by someone with the general background shared by most programmers without reference to documentation. Regular coding requires that general background, but often involves larger (and less clearly defined) problems, more complex schemas, more lines of code, more working with other people, more supporting legacy code, and so on. To balance this greater complexity additional tools are available. Top universities are not going anywhere, nor is their prestige. If that were the case, why would MIT/Harvard /Stanford/Yale publish their courses in this manner? They wouldn't. Do you think, if university administrators thought online courses could bring quality education to billions of people worldwide while making their costly offline courses obsolete, they would move to block academics from experimenting with online courses? That's a rather cynical view, don't you think? Null checks in java are quite cheap, from what I've read. If your code doesn't check for a null, JIT adds in an implicit check in case it needs to throw a NullPointerException. When you put a check in your code, it knows to eliminate the implicit check. Putting null checks everywhere does lead to ugly, complicated-looking code though; it'd be nice if there were a simple syntax for non-null parameters. Patents only offer you protection against detectable infringement. If it's possible for company A to keep their algorithm secret, it's possible for company B to keep their infringement secret. Isn't HTTPS relying on a demonstrably insecure CA also only cosmetically more secure than HTTP? I'm not an expert on how spy agencies operate, but if they were buying a certificate like this to spy on people I don't think they'd ask to have their own name put on it? Turkey often blocks websites [1] so they obviously have a problem with some of Google's operations, and have the capability to mess with regular citizens' internet connections. [1] http://www.edri.org/edrigram/number10.24/ecthr-google-blocki... http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-11659816 Many companies nowerdays are registered in tax havens. Wouldn't US CAs just get registered as Cayman Islands CAs? Interview time has a very high ROI. The author says she did about 100 phone screens or onsite interviews; and they lead to 2 hires 1 of whom quit. Seems to me how much profit there is in panning a river for gold depends on whether a river has much gold in it. And it sounds like she was panning a river that didn't have much gold in it. What would you say is your interview-to-hire ratio? While Google goes straight from application to a telephone interview, a lot of companies ask for a work sample test first - either by e-mailing them a problem and asking them to reply with a solution, or through automated systems like Codility. If you're spending a lot of employee hours filtering candidates who could have been filtered more easily through other means, I can understand feeling a bit indifferent about it. Seems to me your example is like a bank storing things in a secure locked vault, then leaving the key in the vault door at all times. It's technically accurate to say the valuables are stored in a locked vault - but the actual security level is no better than being stored in an unlocked vault. In other words, what is technically correct doesn't convey an accurate impression. If you're dealing with a bank that keeps their vault key in their vault door, or a member of the public choosing a bank, they might not have the nuanced understanding of security to understand the problem if you use too much technical jargon. At my company we confirm the customer's identity before we blab about their orders. For obvious reasons, it's hard to do this in public on twitter! Could be that you know an above-average number of geeks. Did you know that the team that won the DARPA Grand Challenge[1], was run by Sebastian Thrun [2] - who went on play a big part in the creation of Google Street View? And did you know the Grand Challenge winning cars made use of LIDAR and machine vision to identify road features and obstacles, high precision GPS, and inertial navigation? And that very similar sensors can be seen on Google Street View? If you wanted a test data set, to refine your self-driving car by simulating driving every road in the developed world, you could scarcely do better than Google's data. This could be valuable in advancing from a car that works well on wide, well maintained freeway to a car that can work well around towns and cities. [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoiJeIb0wBA#t=21m50s [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sebastian_Thrun I'd certainly agree that all the teams that completed the Grand Challenge did a good job, whether they finished first or fifth. Although DARPA rules require that the team have an American representative, teams like Team Berlin [1] and CarOLO [2] were run by German universities. I certainly agree that universities produced a lot more entries than the vehicle industry did - but I don't know if that means Mercedes and Toyota had secrets they didn't want to give away in 2005, or if it means they didn't have anything worth showing off. Of course, we'll know much more when companies actually start bringing these products to market, and we shouldn't count Google's chickens before they've hatched. But by my reckoning they got a pretty good head start - I certainly wouldn't bet against them. [1] http://archive.darpa.mil/grandchallenge/Teams/Teamberlin.asp [2] http://archive.darpa.mil/grandchallenge/Teams/CarOLO.asp The same internet that propelled Howard Dean and Ron Paul into the oval office? May I suggest you create an OKC account in a big city, set to female? I tried this, and it was an enlightening experience; women's experiences on OKC are completely different from men's. While I agree in general, you shouldn't be too coy about what tools the developer will have in their hands from day to day. Programming languages are syntax and patterns, but sometimes they're inextricably linked with productivity tools, libraries and testing frameworks, a set of best practices, a compiler tool chain, and even an execution platform. As programmers work with these things all day every day, many of us have preferences - or at least I do. I'm happy to switch between languages that have good tools available - but if you use VB6 or PL/SQL you might as well tell me up front so we don't both waste our time. In the UK, sign-up forms that need addresses often let you enter a postcode then choose among a handful of buildings. This is usually based on Royal Mail 'PAF' data - for a price, they'll give you a CSV file of every address they deliver to. Is there any US equivalent? What data do you use to back the address verification? Congratulations, you've invented patent trolls. Perform the following experiment: 1. Visit https://www.google.com/search?q=hackernews 2. Mouse over first result, note the url news.ycombinator.com shown in your browser's status bar. 3. Right-click the first result and 'copy link location' 4. Check what's on your clipboard. For me it's www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&ved=0CDIQFjAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.ycombinator.com%2F&ei=fRb5UNSeD-am0AW88YGQBg&usg=AFQjCNGKJHXhsq1s0-gYR96B--m47G9oRw&bvm=bv.41248874,d.d2k 5. Visit said URL in your browser and note you get redirected to news.ycombinator.com As you can see, you are redirected via a huge link. Almost all the big EC2 outages have been due to EBS, and you have to pay extra for it as well. Netflix steers clear of it [1]. Does anyone know why Cluster Compute and Cluster GPU Instances [2] (including this new one) make using EBS mandatory? [1] http://techblog.netflix.com/2011/04/lessons-netflix-learned-... [2] http://aws.amazon.com/ec2/faqs/#Does_use_of_Cluster_Compute_... Well, the article says "Support for EBS-backed AMIs only." i.e. you can only boot from EBS, you can't boot from instance storage. A built tool should allow (when needed) the full flexibility of a Turing complete programming language. Because eventually your project is probably going to need it. I've never seen a situation like this - but perhaps I've lived a sheltered life. Can anyone give me an example of when this would be a good design decision? I assume the thinking is they have bad experiences with non-anonymous Q&A and that puts them off Q&A as a whole. Humans generalise their experiences all the time; how to determine whether a generalisation is valid is can be confusing [1]. [1] http://www.qwantz.com/index.php?comic=407 Interesting. Is there any scientific research about these cardiac issues, anxiety disorders, digestive problems, vertigo, neurological problems, social overload and productivity reductions? I agree, but that still doesn't explain why the reported death rate for grandmothers is 24 times higher than that for grandfathers. I suppose it's possible students care about their grandmothers more than their grandfathers. Personally I've never found simulation tools all that useful. Too many components that can't be simulated, like microcontrollers and simple components that just don't have a model available. Perhaps you've been using better tools than me! What sort of tools do you use that make you think simulation is the most important feature? All while keeping in mind that employees, managers and executives have day jobs – so how could we ask them to spend significant time on new ideas while not sacrificing their present obligations? Good to hear this acknowledged, but I didn't notice from the article what they did to address this problem? There's not really an age when women outnumber men 24:1 though [1] [1] Figure 2, http://cnx.org/content/m42935/latest/?collection=col11407/la... The IEEE journal website likes to display PDFs in an iframe. I'm not sure why. Like http://www.ec2instances.info/ ? A friend of mine has a theory that if a job can be done remotely from a few miles away, it can be done remotely from outsourcing-country-du-jour, so remote workers are first in line for outsourcing. To what extent do you think this is the case? Though twitter seems trivial to a lot of people, Wikipedia has 4 different suggestions[1] when you search for 'twitter revolution'. So perhaps it's not so trivial and celebrity-focused as it seems to us non-users. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter_Revolution Some universities have plagiarism detection systems and to tell if you're copying from your buddy who took the course last year they store all submitted work. Often these systems are outsourced to companies like 'turnitin' [1] which can also compare work between universities. Work is stored forever, and if anyone submits something similar to your work, professors get to see both side by side for comparison. In order to store students work in the plagiarism detection system, the student has to grant the university/turnitin an appropriate copyright license. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turnitin I'd never used Ask, so after reading your post I compares a search for "cuda device to host memory copy" [1] and [2] On google I saw no ads, and the links on the first page of results usually contain the search term. On Ask there are ads, and they look very much like search results - there's no coloured background to identify them as such - and the search results contain irrelevant links to other Ask properties like "Can I Copy From Youtube? | Ask Jeeves" and "How Memory Stick | ask.co.uk/how" Personally I won't be switching from Google to Ask. I'll admit we might see different things - let me know if you'd like screenshots. [1] http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=cuda+device+to+host+memory+... [2] http://uk.ask.com/web?q=cuda+device+to+host+memory+copy I've heard good things about .net from Windows-only developers, but I haven't heard much from developers on other platforms. Seems to me developers who aren't on Windows end up as second class citizens. Is there anyone here with experience developing for Mono on Linux and Mac? What's it like in reality? Here's the first screen I see on ask (on a 1050px high monitor): http://imgur.com/MWk9wm2 And here's what I see on Google: http://imgur.com/nalUhES Interesting. I guess with an ad blocker, Ask isn't so bad. Interesting. What does 'up or out' do with senior engineers who don't want to start managing people? Do they leave the company? I've heard two game theory ideas about why politics works the way it does. The first is: When you have three political parties and each party has about a third of the vote, it makes sense for the two parties that are closest to merge, giving them two thirds of the vote, letting them win and implement their policies. So electoral systems like in the US and UK naturally tend towards being two-party systems. (There are other countries with political systems that don't tend towards two-party systems, but these have their weaknesses too; Belgium's multiparty system sometimes doesn't produce a government at all.) The second is Hotelling's Law [1] - to win elections, both parties want to attract floating voters/capture the middle ground with centrist policies, so both parties end up next to each other. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hotelling%27s_law I once read an opinion piece in a British engineering journal that suggested one of the reasons Germany is such an engineering powerhouse is in Germany 'engineer' is roughly equivalent in status to 'doctor' while in the UK it's conflated with 'mechanic/repair man' or at best 'office worker'. Well, there are varying degrees of 'not owning shit' - I don't own a great deal of stuff, but I own more than I have done in the past, and more than this guy who says he can fit all his possessions in a suitcase. I don't think I'd qualify by his standards - and maybe not by yours. For example, I have enough clean clothes to go two weeks without doing laundry; four pairs of shoes (trainers, formal shoes, safety boots, dancing shoes); six sets of plates and glasses (more than I've ever needed to use at once); cooking stuff like pots, pans, spoons, whisk, scales etc; a motorcycle; a set of motorcycle maintenance tools; three different coats (regular coat, motorcycle jacket for me, motorcycle jacket for passenger); kit for several different sports; desktop computer, personal laptop and work laptop; soldering iron; digital storage oscilloscope. All stuff I need to get stuff done, but certainly more than I could fit in a suitcase. if I can't stop then I can't get out at my destination. Different people seem to have different interpretations of this question. My interpretation was: Why have brakes instead of coasting to a stop? Coasting to a stop is popular with drivers who are 'Hypermiling' [1] - and bicycles used in velodromes don't have brakes [2]. While this isn't consistent with Richard Dalton's blog post (if you coast to a halt, you wouldn't need to throw your children out of a moving vehicle) but it isn't inconsistent with Jon Jagger's blog post, which Dalton credited as his inspiration. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy-efficient_driving#Accele... [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velodrome#Bicycles_and_track_de... 1. If there's three people in my office all with subscriptions, do we all show up in identical shirts on delivery day? 2. My online clothes purchases have sometimes had poor fit. How good have you found it? 3. How much input do you get into what you actually receive? Let's say I have enough jeans already - can I opt out of getting more jeans? Given the choice to sell brand name goods at brand name prices, vs selling off brand goods at off brand prices, there's a lot more profit in premium brand products. Of course it would be even more profitable if you could sell off brand goods at premium brand prices - but would such an offering attract enough customers to make much money? from the article it sounds like some of it may have gone towards misguided inventory purchases, but why would a company like this need its own technology infrastructure? They're a retail company; by inventory, perhaps it means they spent all their cash on a big shipment of diapers and sippy cups. You can propose an open standard for DRM that everyone is free to implement or not. At the core of DRM is this: The video is encrypted, and you only give the decryption key to trusted software that promises not to let the user save anything. Unfortunately open source software cannot make that promise - because anyone can modify it, anyone can modify it to let the user save things. So you either let open source implementations have the decryption key, in which case the DRM is ineffective; or you refuse to let open source implementations have the decryption key, in which case there's no video on Firefox or Chromium. Perhaps you ask "Why can't the open source software check itself for modifications any only decrypt the video if no modifications were present?" - unfortunately, the check could be modified just as easily as the rest of the software. Perhaps you ask "Surely we could have a little bit of closed source software as a plugin, like flash player?" - but the whole point of HTML5 video is to get away from shitty closed-source plugins like flash. If you want flash, stick with flash. Perhaps you ask "What's the big deal with open source anyway? Firefox only has 20% market share" - but Chrome, Safari and (recently) Opera are all based on the open source Webkit rendering engine. That leaves IE and nothing else. Before open source browsers became popular, Internet Explorer 6 had 90%+ market share and went 5 years without a substantive upgrade due to lack of competition. A return to the bad old days would not be a net win, even for the likes of Netflix, Google and the BBC. The fact of the matter, as I understand it, is DRM barely works when it's closed source and if it was open source it wouldn't work at all. If you think there's some way to implement open source DRM I'd love to hear how. When we humans see things clustered together in a multidimensional configuration space we often try to draw borders between the clusters and give them names. To use a computer analogy, we divide laptops into clusters like 'netbook', 'budget laptop', 'desktop replacement', 'ultrabook', 'gaming laptop' and so on - based on their position in the screen size-performance-cost-weight configuration space. These aren't clear-cut lines, there are border cases and people's opinions vary - but we can still tell an Eee PC from a Alienware from a Macbook Pro! Unless your supplier is a giant company where the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing, it's seldom wise to sue your supplier before you're ready to dump them. There are tools available that can generate random (valid) C programs, comparing the results generated by code from different compilers [1]. CSmith say bugs have been found in every tool tested [2] - from GCC to costly commercial compilers. [1] http://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/summit2010?action=AttachFile&do=... [2] http://embed.cs.utah.edu/csmith/ When a game plays itself too well without user input, some people feel that takes away the fun [1]. [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWbLOFGSEDo Projects using quadrotors to do things like fly cooperatively and do acrobatics [1,2] will often use high speed motion capture systems with multiple fixed cameras. This decouples the problem of perceiving the environment from the problem of responding to the environment. More broadly in robotics there are plenty of people working on ground-based robots that don't rely on multiple fixed high speed cameras - self-driving cars [3] would be one example. There are also people working on cooperative ground based robots that don't rely on multiple fixed high speed cameras - for example, the RoboCupSoccer Middle-Size League [4]. There are also people working on quadrotors that don't cooperate/do acrobatics and who don't rely on fixed vision systems - for example people working on autonomous quadrotor mapping [5] and using IMUs and on-robot vision [6]. [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvRTALJp8DM [2] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuSqwb13iw0 [3] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoiJeIb0wBA [4] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXSGTkI390w [5] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoMrPKCpWXw [6] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKGZcTFambE XOR trick? I'm not sure I'd want to work for someone who didn't know about the x86 xchg opcode. My employer won't take a new hire as a remote worker, but if you've worked on site for several years and have to move for family reasons they'd rather you work remotely than leave the company. Why not just put a .* at the start and end of your regexp? Unless you want to do that match-across-newlines witchcraft. There's cultural acceptance of Google even though they use third party cookies and ads are their primary source of income. Well, it's industry-dependent. The pharmaceutical industry spends plenty on internal research; they fund some academic research; and there's a revolving door between academia and private industry. Most industries aren't like this, of course; I doubt my barber or my accountant have much use for academic research output. How would you propose that such a study be performed? The same game released with and without DRM? Different games with and without DRM? Wouldn't it be awfully easy for an outsourced tester to say "yep, tested foo, no bugs found" without having tested it thoroughly? You can't outsource auditing that outsourced work was done properly! Why should a select or join lock a database? Surely no database lets one query starve another of IO or CPU? If major changes (like dumping Gnome for Unity) get triggered by the same button as security patches etc users might be reluctant to press that button. And if there's a major change and some users decide to wait before upgrading (while the bugs get ironed out) it's easier to support them if they all wait at the same version. Google have many more ventures and customers - but Apple make a lot more per customer; some estimates [1,2,3] estimate multiple hundreds of dollars per iphone and ipad sold. Google makes what, a few dollar a year in adsense revenue? [1] http://www.zdnet.com/blog/hardware/apple-makes-big-bucks-pro... [2] http://gigaom.com/2010/02/01/apple-makes-at-least-200-per-ip... [3] http://www.thestreet.com/story/11718458/1/heres-how-much-app... In negotiation theory your 'BATNA' or 'Best Alternative To Negotiated Agreement' is the second choice you'll go with if the current negotiation breaks down. Theoretically, neither party in a negotiation need accept less than their BATNA. For example, when you negotiate your annual raise, your best alternative is the raise you could get by moving to another employer (adjusted for benefits, time spent commuting, how fun the job is etc). You don't have to explicitly say to your boss "give me a raise or I'll quit" - your boss just needs to know your options are open. If homakov publicly says he'd never consider selling an exploit, he's saying his BATNA is $0 and some kudos on Hacker News. If he says he's undecided, his BATNA would be somewhere between a few thousand and a few hundred thousand dollars. Needless to say, the former statement closes off a lot of negotiation options while the latter leaves them open. [0] http://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2012/03/23/shoppin... However there's nothing intrinsically wrong with the maiden name question. Asking users to enter their mother's maiden name, when you actually think they certainly shouldn't do that, then blaming your customers for having used their maiden name, seems like an odd way of doing it. If mother's maiden name isn't a good enough security question, stop asking it! And we all know it isn't a good enough security question. I don't think it is disrespectful to search their emails though, Harvard is fundamentally an institution funded by donors. In my mind searching someone's e-mail is like searching their pockets as they leave the office, or asking them to take a supervised drugs test: It's technically legal and some employers do it. On the other hand, the people who work for me are trusted, respected professionals. I'd understand them taking umbrage if I asked them to turn out their pockets, or to piss into a cup, or if I started reading their e-mail. You would need to find a very localized, specific class of bug in a piece of software that has been highly scrutinized over many years by cryptography and security experts Couldn't you monitor the version control system trunk for patches fixing bugs in the critical section of the code, work out the bug based on the fix, and exploit it before everyone had their systems patched? everyone voluntarily chooses which software to run. In things like operating systems heterogeneous software is often seen as a defence against bugs - but in this instance, wasn't it the differences between the 0.7 and 0.8 clients that triggered the split in the blockchain? Surely the most secure thing is to be on the most widely used client? Same reason you might get engaged prior to getting married? I'm no advocate of paramilitary policing, but if the police get a call from your house saying there's a criminal with a gun shooting people, what alternative is there to them showing up with guns drawn? Even in the UK, where most of the police don't have guns, they still send armed response teams to deal with armed criminals. I'm a straight guy. Having grown up in the culture I grew up in, I have some irrational, socialized preferences of my own. Having an understanding with my partner that we're willing to indulge each others irrational, socialized preferences does have its upsides. It looks like the guy is a graduate from Stanford's business school... and is the co-founder of Pricenomics. What the heck. I used to make that mistake - or what I assume was the mistake, which now seems to have been corrected. Many guides to using apostrophes [1,2,3,4] say they can be used for contractions (the dog's outside) and to indicate possession (the dog's ball) - Why shouldn't something possessed by "it" use a possessive apostrophe? Some people tried to correct my using of "it's" to indicate possession by explaining "Apostrophes are used for contractions like it is" which was unconvincing as obviously they can be used to indicate possession. It wasn't until I got to college that someone gave me a satisfactory explanation: It/Its belongs to the same class of words as he/his, her/hers, your/yours, who/whose which do not follow normal apostrophe usage rules as the rules are descriptive, not prescriptive and nothing obliges the language and its users to be consistent. [1] http://www.economist.com/style-guide/apostrophes [2] http://www.angryflower.com/bobsqu.gif [3] http://lilt.ilstu.edu/golson/punctuation/apostrophe.html [4] http://theoatmeal.com/comics/apostrophe Discussing the termination in a press release would not have happened, as it shouldn't. Not much point in firing someone to satisfy bloggers, twitter users and HN users if you don't tell them you've done it. Surely every backup system has some equivalent of an rm -rf ? A disgruntled employee could phone the off site tape archival company and tell them to toss all the tapes in the shreader. I'm in London and I've had more unsolicited contact from recruiters looking for Scala devs than anything else since I put my scala experience on my linkedin profile. Drop me an e-mail (address in my profile) if you'd like their details. Possible that because of the instability recently Eqyptian authorities think Facebook is more capable of serving web pages than their own sites? Nike, McDonalds and Coca-Cola have Facebook pages they often update. Hamas and the IDF even have twitter accounts. Perhaps it's not that they think their website is unstable - but that they think communicating with the public through Facebook and Twitter is part of the future of public relations. I usually sign up for a bunch of classes just so I can access the material at a later point when I have time or when I'm interested. How many of those classes have you done the work for? Personally I find the synchronous model helps me complete the course, as it removes the temptation to put things off. What's that old quote, $200 billion here, 200 billion there and pretty soon you're talking about real money? What exactly does a force to be reckoned with wear? Ascend the corporate hierarchy; how does your boss's boss's boss (or their opposite-gendered counterpart in another department) dress? And "a modern, brick big house" is slang for prison. It depends on the size of the space your passwords are drawn from. The dictionary files I have in /usr/share/dict/ have about half a million words. Mean length is 11 characters. And there are about 100 characters easily accessible on my keyboard (letters, numbers and common symbols). Regular words, trying lower case, UPPER CASE or First Letter Capitalised. 3 * 0.5 million options = Half a second to search. Same but with a two digit number before or after (e.g. Patio11): 2 * 100 * 3 * 0.5 million options = 100 seconds to search. Single regular word with up to 4 standard keyboard characters before or after (e.g. Patio3&A@): 2 * 100^4 * 3 * 0.5 million = about 3.1 years to search. Two regular words, same case options, with or without a space. (3 * 0.5 million)^2 * 2 = 17 days to search. Single regular word, random capitalisation (e.g. paTIo) rough figure: 2^11 * 0.5 million = 6 minutes to search. Single regular word, random capitalisation, 4 standard keyboard characters before or after (e.g. PaTio8#`¬): 2 * 100^4 * 2^11 * 0.5 million = 2163 years to search. Four regular lower case words (e.g. correct battery horse staple): (0.5 million)^4 = 660000000 years to search. Up to 10 letters or numbers, upper or lower case (e.g. nk7rFG9Ad9): 63^10 combinations = 10403 years to search. Up to 8 letters or numbers, upper or lower case (e.g. Plfws0aX): 63^8 combinations = 2.6 years to search. Assuming you could obtain the same 3M hashes/second on an Amazon EC2 cluster GPU instance (this isn't a given as they have nVidia GPUs instead of the ATI chip used in the test reported) 2.6 years of GPU time at the spot price of 35 cents an hour would cost $7976.85 Needless to say, if you had access to a whole load of people's 1password files, probably some of them would be following a weak password selection scheme and you'd break them within seconds. On the other hand, people with strong password selection schemes will still be safe. Yes, I suspected when I wrote that it would seem unwieldy to someone from a startup. It comes about naturally enough when you have multiple thousands of employees though. Yes, to attack multiple files you'd have to do multiple computations. However, if you can try all dictionary words in 0.5 seconds, you can try that against 172800 files in a day. Of course you'd need a security breach that gave you access to multiple files too! Anyone know what the business model is here? How can I expect to be monetised once I'm tied in? Gerbers are fine for sending PCB layouts to board manufacturers - but what about my schematics and my library of footprints for parts I've used before? Traditionally EDA tools are weak at importing and exporting this sort of thing which makes moving between tools a total pain. Could be inconvenient if your commercial offering had a price increase, presuming you plan to have a commercial offering (it's not 100% clear from your website; I assume you're planning to make money somehow?). > Through your wage, the employer is already communicating > to you the point at which they cut their losses on you > and let you go. In general companies don't pay you what they value you at; they pay you what they value you at, or what you choose to accept, whichever is lower. I mean, getting work done for $x and selling it for $y and pocketing the $y-x economic surplus as profit is what business is all about. True - but non-cloud-based software will keep working even if the developers go out of business or have to increase their prices (unless it has DRM or is leased by the month) - my 10-year-old copy of Altium Designer still works just fine. The amazon documentation doesn't let you pin down exactly what that guaranteed minimum is, as half the measures are things like 'IO Performance: Moderate' or 'Compute Units: 4' or aren't specified at all (like EBS performance) Makes sense from Amazon's perspective, of course - less promises to keep, more flexibility. Can't blame people for measuring the performance empirically, in the absence of hard guarantees. Just that produces results that happen to be wrong. I suppose it depends on whether your application depends on ephemeral disk random or sequential I/O, EBS I/O, I/O to the internet at large, cpu cache, ram bandwidth, support for AVX instructions and so on. To be fair it's understandable why Amazon doesn't promise these features will or won't be present - it would make their already-complicated product offering even more complicated. And for a great many applications, customers won't be sensitive to details like CPU cache and disk performance. As far as I can tell (and I'm not an expert in swedish taxi law) what the law says is you can charge by time (as a limousine), or by time+distance (as a taxi), and if you charge by time+distance you must use a certified tamper-proof taxi meter and have a price sticker in your window. Which of these laws do you consider not to make sense? The images on the article, like [1] have been downscaled to 480×354 px for the mobile site, then upscaled by your browser. The original can be accessed via the regular google plus interface [2] and downloaded as 2560x1888 px [3] The quality is in line with a phone camera. [1] https://plus.google.com/app/basic/photos/+Scobleizer/album/5... [2] https://plus.google.com/111091089527727420853/posts/ZLV9Gdmk... [3] http://imgur.com/RHmdbi7 Let's say you started a company and named it after a technical concept from computer science (for example a higher order function that computes the fixed point of other functions in lambda calculus) would that be an example of this signalling? Visit [1] and try DE4 4HA - addresses include "1 Council Square Brassington, MATLOCK, DE4 4HA", "1 Pleasant Cottage Miners Hill, Brassington, MATLOCK, DE4 4HA" and "1 Windyridge Red Lion Hill, Brassington, MATLOCK, DE4 4HA" Try HD7 4PD to get "1 Moles Head, Golcar, HUDDERSFIELD, HD7 4PD" and "1 Prospect Place, Golcar, HUDDERSFIELD, HD7 4PD" Try HD4 6XA and see "1 Broad Lane, Thurstonland, HUDDERSFIELD, HD4 6XA", "1 Blake House Thurstonland, HUDDERSFIELD, HD4 6XA", "1 Clough Cottages Thurstonland, HUDDERSFIELD, HD4 6XA", "1-2 Clough Cottages Greenside Road, Thurstonland, HUDDERSFIELD, HD4 6XA" And of course there's the other direction: EC1N 8QX covers a bunch of flats in the same building, so one postcode includes "Flat G.7, Ziggurat Building, 60-66 Saffron Hill, LONDON, EC1N 8QX" and "Flat 1.1, Ziggurat Building, 60-66 Saffron Hill, LONDON, EC1N 8QX" - in other words, multiple properties have the same number within the street, and the same latitude and longitude. Also the building "number" has a hyphen, the flat "number" has a dot and can have a letter, and the building has a name too. [1] http://www.royalmail.com/postcode-finder/ Use the Royal Mail's 'find an address' tool [1] to look up the following postcodes: SE20 7QR, SE25 6EP, E13 0AP, E15 2LR, W5 5DB, W3 6LJ, NW10 4SJ, N14 6BW For a map see [2]. As you can see, plenty there are several roads the Royal Mail considers to be called High Street, London! [1] http://www.royalmail.com/postcode-finder [2] https://maps.google.co.uk/maps?q=from:SE20+7QR+to:SE25+6EP+t... Consider these two queries (untested so they might have typos): select order_number,sum(line_value) as order_value from order_line group by order_number having order_value > 100; And: select order_number,order_value from ( select order_number,sum(line_value) as order_value from order_line group by order_number ) where order_value > 100; I'd expect them to have the same explain plan and runtime characteristics. Isn't HAVING just syntactic sugar for the fact queries can be arbitrarily nested? Syntactic sugar isn't fundamental IMHO. Let's say your inner query returns n rows and wherever contains m rows. And your index is a B-tree, so you can hit it once in O(log m). If you use a nested loop join, where you hit the index once for each inner query result, that's O(n*log m). If on the other hand you do a hash join, skipping the index but doing a full table scan of wherever, the complexity is O(m+n). So which is the faster choice depends on how many rows the inner query returns. If you want to plan up front, before you know what m is, how would you decide which join to use? Every so often there's a HN discussion about task effort estimation - usually that no-one is very good at it. Take your best estimate, one joke goes, then increment the units so days become weeks and weeks become months. It'll always take twice as long as you expect, goes another, even after you've doubled your estimate to take this into account. Can one gauge productivity by tasks completed without a good estimate of the effort required for a given task? I can't see how the customer will get any value out of the videos though. Have you ever been in the situation where you discovered you were mis-billed for something? I certainly have. Accidental mis-charging does happen, even between parties that trust one another. Still, most businesses are willing to tolerate a certain level of error. Given that occasional mis-charging is inevitable, how can you make sure it's below the threshold you're able to tolerate if you don't maintain audit records? With that said, I'd fire the client assuming I wasn't desperate for work. Warranty replacement costs are proportional to failure rate - for example, if 1% of devices will fail within 2 years, warranty costs would add 1% to the cost price. What sort of electronics products have a failure rate so high that the costs of a 2 year warranty is anything but trivial? 95% of computer users aren't sysadmins, but if you use that logic to take sysadmin access away from 100% of computer users, you might regret the decision. If someone else is going to be paying for the hotel, I let them choose and book it so they can choose how much they spend. If I'm paying for myself I check hotel aggregation websites, and check prices directly with hotels I've stayed at before or that have been recommended to me. I'd imagine the economics of variable / nonrecurring engineering costs are different at that scale. Their tech might only let them make 200MHz chips instead of 2GHz, but couldn't they just make ten times as many of them? It's been a long time since CPUs have seen much of a bump in clock rates, after all - nowerdays it's all about smaller features allowing more cores/cache in the same space. If you don't care much about space as your process costs are dominated by setup rather than wafer costs, wouldn't you just use more space? Its completely counter to logic, the purpose as lobbying as it is today is when a small sized population with extreme financial resources want to influence specific legislature. I was recently involved with the libel law reform campaign in the UK. A well organised political campaign will often do a bunch of things - they'll decide what they want and produce clear summaries. They'll work out how much opposition this is likely to have and whether their desired outcome is politically feasible. They'll find high profile failings of the current legislation. They'll identify legislators who are likely to be sympathetic and help get a foot in the door. They'll get news coverage. They'll organise rallies where well-spoken people from organisations you've heard of explain what's wrong with current legislation. The speakers will be organised, so all points get covered and there's not too much repition. They'll invite their supporters to invite their representatives to those rallies. They'll look for celebrity supporters. And they probably do a bunch of other stuff behind the scenes that I don't know about because I'm not an expert political campaigner. Isn't hiring organised, experienced people who know how to do this politics stuff what lobbying is? Surely lobbying doesn't just mean ladling out gobs of cash to corrupt legislators? Perhaps I'm being dense here, but what do oil pipelines have to do with Facebook? Facebook isn't an oil company, how are Facebook's interests served by campaigning for an oil pipeline? Let's say the NSA's chip fab is 10 years out of date - the same technologies as an Athlon XP "3000+" 2.1 GHz CPU with a 70 watt TDP. Worked just fine in a lot of consumer desktop PCs. If they needed a lower TDP, couldn't they just drop the clock rate and use wider features for lower gate leakage? If the WTO treaty was a one-liner saying "No tariffs, no subsidies" you'd be right. But in fact provisions for films have been in WTO treaties since at least 1947 [1] and France just doesn't want to remove them. Weird-but-legal tariffs and subsidies are nothing new - look at all the agricultural subsidies that are permitted, for example. [1] http://www.wto.org/english/docs_e/legal_e/gatt47_01_e.htm#ar... If your copy comes across to your prospective users as aggressive and annoying, I'm not sure I'd call that effective copywriting. It's not at all unusual to see separate CPU, RAM and flash memory in products like routers. The thing is the interfaces between CPU, RAM and flash tend to use a lot of pins - especially if you want them fast and with support for lots of memory. Look at the number of contacts you get on a stick of RAM in a PC. Lots of pins is acceptable in a product like this which is BGA surface mounted - but for things like Arduino where the pins are 0.1" apart for easy manual working, having the memory and flash on-chip is much more practical :) For most customers, maybe, but I suspect there's a pretty sizable portion of the population (myself included) that will happily pay more for an airline that treats me extraordinarily well, considers my comfort while on board, and gives me reasons to shout their name down the street. I'm not an air travel expert, but as I understand it many airlines offer seats in classes such as 'economy', 'business class' and 'first class' with differing prices and comfort levels. Isn't there both demand and supply for higher comfort levels at higher prices? When you fly, do you pay a premium for business class or first class accommodation? Users generally want the fastest route, which is congestion-dependent. If they directed everyone down the shortcut it would become congested, and wouldn't be the fastest route any more, and you'd be asking why they directed everyone down it :-) If we rearrange the quote from the article: "Does your business accept funds from customers and send the funds based on customers' instructions (Money Transmitter)?" Most businesses accept funds from customers, but few outside the financial services industry transmit the funds based on customers' instructions (assuming refunds and gift cards do not count). Let's say I use this to pay for something I've purchased online, and I later realize the seller is a scammer and want to issue a chargeback. Will that be possible? What are your plans for this situation? If something goes wrong with my account, can my account be locked and my balance frozen? Will it be possible to contact a real human who knows what they're doing to get that fixed? Some parts of app engine are very much designed to be really scalable and geographically redundant. Take sharded counters, for example [1], if you want to count something that happens more than 5 times a second. If you want a proof of concept and you're not concerned about getting the scalability, why not run on a single server? [1] https://developers.google.com/appengine/articles/sharding_co... Here's another chap who designed his own GPS+GLONASS receiver back around 1992: http://lea.hamradio.si/~s53mv/navsats/theory.html The best bit is that all the diagrams, schematics and PCB layouts are hand-drawn. I've seen plenty of business news articles where 'estimated' numbers or numbers from anonymous sources 'familiar with the company' were out by an order of magnitude. Google's how-to-prepare-for-an-interview e-mails used to say "give yourself at least 2 weeks to review and hone your coding, algorithmic and problem solving skills." That's fine if you only want the unemployed and new graduates - how well do you suppose it works out for people with full time jobs? So it's impossible to discuss unsuccessful ad campaigns, as doing so immediately makes them successful? Airports and airlines advise [1-4] arriving 2 to 3 hours before the departure of an international/long haul flight. If airlines and airports have the capability to get you through security quickly, they don't do a good job of publicizing it. [1] http://www.portseattle.org/sea-tac/passenger-services/pages/... [2] http://www.flysfo.com/web/page/orphan/faq/#2 [3] http://www.stanstedairport.com/stansted-airport-guide/checki... [4] http://www.jfkairportguide.com/arrivals-departures.html I work for a grocery delivery company in the UK who deliver from a central warehouse. Some reasons include: 1. If you pick in a store, the picker might find things that are out of stock because walk-in customers have brought them. This means items missing or substituted, which customers don't like. 2. Most people have a way they do grocery shopping already (like driving to wal-mart) and you have to compete with that. People won't pay a big convenience fee. That means you need economies of scale, you need a low cost-per-pick and you need to drive down waste. (People don't seem to factor the cost of their time or petrol into the cost of grocery shopping. I've seen people who earn $100 an hour but who don't want to pay $10 to save themselves an hour of grocery shopping.) 3. You need a big range. Many customers do one main weekly shop and a smaller 'top up shop'. If your range doesn't have everything they want for their main shop, they'll be driving to wal-mart for those scented candles anyway so wal-mart will get their entire main shop. If the problem is that he's getting a worse return as people are outbidding him for the best words/placement, it could be the opposite. A supplier who wants to switch from pay-once to pay-monthly is either going to be charging me less or charging me more. If they claim they'll be charging me less, that leaves me confused as to why they think the change is in their interests, unless they actually anticipate charging me more. A $2.5 million fine is nothing to a guy with an estimated $2.1 billion fortune [1]. If we don't want the rich to flaunt the law with impunity, the find should be a hundred times larger - that way it might actually act as a deterrent. Of course, you could argue that we don't care if the rich can commit certain offences with impunity. Perhaps we've signalled that by legislating a fine rather than imprisonment for this offence. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_Parker The experience of doing a PhD varies wildly - between countries, between schools, between departments, between professors, and as time passes. Even at the same school, one person reported to me that while he was in his second year his supervisor told him he probably had enough material to pass if he wrote it all up - while another person worked long hours and reported to me that his supervisor had shouted at him for not coming in to monitor his experiments on christmas day. One person went on to a research position in the private sector and feel it set them up for a good career; another hoped to enter humanities academia, but wasn't able to find any jobs and ended up doing office admin work that barely needed an undergraduate degree. Even for the same student, some parts of the process will be enjoyable and fascinating, other parts will be frustrating and tiresome. If you had asked me two years in I'd have told you doing a PhD is pretty great - by the end, having gone through the process of writing up, my opinion pretty inverted. I decided a career in academia wouldn't suit me at all. If you boil the experience of doing a PhD down to the essentials of the experience, there's very little left because the experience varies so much. It also says: "In order to get the credits necessary to obtain a high school diploma, he attended a community college in Maryland, studying computing, but never completed the coursework. (He later obtained his GED.)" Presumably he obtained his GED at some time after he joined the CIA (when he lacked a high school diploma). Of course from a semantic perspective you could argue having dropped out of high school he is and forever will be a high school drop out. But as I understand it this is not the traditional way the term "high school drop out" is used. Either evidence that has come to light only now the guy's face and name are in the news -OR- fabricated evidence made to look like that. e.g. the police weren't able to find the coked-up hit-and-run driver who crippled my adorable child but I'd recognize his face anywhere, and that guy on TV is him for sure. It would also be self-reinforcing if you decided to give all the research funding and facilities to a clique of top universities which had already attracted the best researchers. I, too, ANAG but I've heard 20% time projects only count towards performance reviews if they make it into production. That could easily create a bias towards using things made in 20% time in preference to industry-standard tooling. In reality I assume it's a combination of the two: Sometimes the internal tools really are the best for Google's specific needs; other times there's probably Not Invented Here Syndrome at work, same as anywhere else. The existing filtering reported to apply to 95% of British households [1] is reportedly implemented as IP-level routing of traffic through a transparent proxy. This is how they were able to censor only specific images on Wikipedia without blocking Wikipedia entirely. A VPN would be a superior way of bypassing the filter - assuming teenagers too young to have a credit card can figure out how to pay for a VPN. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Watch_Foundation It's a think-about-the-children issue rather than a religious issue. They think this will play well with (e.g.) middle class parents. This isn't a particularly hot-button political issue at this time which is why it's voluntary industry self-regulation. Often in the UK the first pass at regulation will be inviting the main companies in an industry to form a voluntary self-regulation body and come up with their own code of conduct. It's generally in the industry's interest to do this as legislation is certain to be heavier-handed and less flexible; and it's in the government's interests as it needs less time, procedure and public debate. On the other hand, there are fewer opportunities for politicians to grandstand on the issue, and companies don't have to join the voluntary self-regulation body. Even if industry self-regulation fails, it can take several years before it's clear it's failed, so this is also a way to kick things into the long grass on issues like the under-representation of women on the boards of large corporations. It's not actually that common, but there have been at least 3 people prosecuted: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-11479831 http://www.theregister.co.uk/2009/08/11/ripa_iii_figures/ Most means of verifying his identity are at least somewhat suspect. What sort of verification would satisfy you? Well, what would you propose? I mean, pretty much every photo and video I've seen of the guy comes from the guardian - they could easily just be of a Guardian intern. So a photo of him holding a sign is out. A GPG key which is reputedly his is of extremely questionable provenance so a signature from that would be meaningless. He could leak some new top secret data to establish that he has access to it - but we know guardian journalists have had access to such data already and surely they have some stuff on file for future reports. I'm curious as to what sort of proof you'd like? Every map is a subset of global - it's inevitable that there are newly built roads, private roads that mapping companies can't reach, dirt tracks that no-one has reported as missing from maps, temporary roads, roads that can't be seen in aerial photographs and so on. OSM also has omissions in areas where there aren't any OSM volunteers nearby to do the mapping. The question is what distribution of omissions is acceptable before a map ceases to be global :) It's funny - when I hear people in the press discussing technical interviews [1] I hear questions like this: "How many golf balls could you fit into a school bus?" When I attend technical interviews I hear questions like this: "How would you implement an arbitrary-precision decimal number class, like Java's BigDecimal? Can you write out the add function on that whiteboard?" When Google's Laszlo Bock [2] says "On the hiring side, we found that brainteasers are a complete waste of time. How many golf balls can you fit into an airplane? How many gas stations in Manhattan? A complete waste of time. They don’t predict anything." it seems fairly clear to me the idea he's dismissing is brainteasers, not whiteboard coding. That's consistent with other reports [3,4] from a few years ago saying brain teasers were not used. The author of the TechCrunch article seems to interpret Bock as saying whiteboard coding is an ineffective practice. I'm not convinced the Bock interview said that. [1] http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142405297020455230457711... [2] https://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/20/business/in-head-hunting-... [3] http://www.technologywoman.com/2010/05/17/debunking-the-goog... [4] http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/us-news-blog/2012/oct/0... The (classified) Pentagon Papers [1] were read into the congressional record without Mike Gravel being successfully prosecuted. I assume as the exclusion for Treason, Felony and Breach of the Peace is before the semicolon, it doesn't apply to the "they shall not be questioned in any other Place" after the semicolon. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentagon_Papers#Leak The most common use of the semicolon is to join together two related clauses that could each be separate sentences, so the "; and" is interpreted like the start of a new sentence. That is: They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same. For any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other Place. Products like CipherCloud reportedly work like you suggest. Unfortunately it's not very secure. If you split the text into words, discard case and encrypt each word, the NSA can just e-mail you a dictionary file, match the line numbers in the dictionary file ciphertext to line numbers in the dictionary file plaintext, and they've got your secret decoder ring (at least for every word in the dictionary file). So, is all high quality content people link to "SEO"? If the police have a warrant to search your apartment and you refuse to hand over the key they can just break the door down (18 USC § 3109) and they often do. For an example, see United States v. Banks. There's no analogy to this with decrypting encrypted files - you can't kick a TrueCrypt volume open. And one of the main constitutional objections to the police breaking down your door is that they damage your property by breaking your door, and that isn't reasonable - but read-only access to your encrypted files doesn't damage your property. I guess what I'm saying is the police searching your apartment isn't a very relevant analogy. I'm in a similar situation - I don't claim to be an expert, but I have a plan to gain expertise. Software-wise, Altium is one popular choice (I've used this and I like it; bunnie uses it [1] as does Dave of eevblog) and another is Cadence Orcad (I haven't used this myself, but the SABRE schematics come in this format). These are both expensive; Cadence has a range of options, from a standard version 1 year license costing $1,300 to an advanced version perpetual license costing $9,995 [2] - for Altium 1 year is $1,750 and a perpetual license is $5,495 [3]. Piracy protection used to be weak, and I'm not up-to-date on how easy it is to bypass. Like Photoshop, people used to say the companies turned a blind eye to non-professional users who were learning. This may have changed recently, I don't know. Anyway, on to my plan to learn this stuff. Bunnie's planned laptop uses a Freescale i.MX 6 processor. It seems pretty feature-packed as a processor. Among other things, Freescale seem to offer some good design documentation; they have evaluation boards [4] where they give out not just pdf schematics and gerbers but also the CAD software files. They also have extensive design documentation. Public datasheets, Hardware Development Guide, Processor Reference Manual and so on [5]. I've also discovered getting prototypes assembled in china is cheaper than I expected [6] - a few hundred rather than a few thousand dollars. My provisional plan is to read all that freescale documentation, take one of the freescale board reference designs, then to basically produce a cut down version mostly by deleting components I'm not fussed about, then to get that made and see if it works. That's my plan - whether it will work or be possible for the amount of money I have not remains to be seen :) and needless to say if an expert comes along to reply to you, maybe they'd have feedback for me too :) [1] http://andrew.huang.usesthis.com/ [2] http://www.ema-eda.com/Products/CadenceOrCAD/OrCADPCBDesigne... [3] http://www.altium.com/files/pdfs/altium%20designer%202013%20... Altium is one popular choice; another is Cadence Orcad. [4] http://www.freescale.com/SABRESDB [5] http://www.freescale.com/webapp/sps/site/prod_summary.jsp?co... [6] http://www.7pcbassembly.com/PCB-assembly-price.php I can understand wanting more channels or a faster sample rate. And maybe a portable/handheld version. But what other differences are there? You are looking at an 80-85% drop in the required number of cars in cities (even accounting for current peak traffic volumes. see the KPMG report. I also came to the same number back-of-the-envelope). The KPMG report seemed very light on details. I'd be interested in reading a more fully worked through example if you know of one. In a lot of things like city bike sharing there's an aggregate flow of bikes into the city at 9am and out of the city at 5pm, so trucks have to shuttle the bikes back in the opposite direction. Seems to me if one car shuttled three commuters into the city you'd have 1/3rd the number of cars on the roads, but each car driving 6 times as far as it has to drive out empty to pick up the next fare. What kind of fill rate do you think it's reasonable to expect for cars driving from the city to the suburbs in the morning rush hour? Netbooks like [1] perhaps? [1] http://www.amazon.com/Acer-AOD270-1375-Netbook-Processor-Esp... How much is the service/delivery charge? Oh, there's a per-item markup as well? How big is that? What has changed in technology in the past 12 years to enable home grocery delivery? Perhaps home grocery delivery has been feasible the whole time, and Webvan's failure was one of execution and management. Perhaps Webvan just scared off VCs until now. Are MIT or BSD licenses any better in this regard? I mean, I'm sure the american boilerplate written by american lawyers would hold up in an american court - but if I'm not under the American legal system, how do I know I don't need different boilerplate? For all I know the MIT license might be (say) invalid in France, because it's written in the wrong language, or invalid in Russia because the the first paragraph isn't written in ALL CAPS, or invalid in Taiwan because it doesn't expressly waive moral rights to the integrity of the work. I once volunteered at a hospital where they made use of a smart card security system - among other things, it would log you out if you removed your card from the reader. This closed all the programs you were running - and logging back in was a slow process. Needless to say, the smart cards stayed in the users' PCs even when they weren't at their desks. There was a time around 2008 when I thought Ubuntu could be that solid ecosystem. That me, a customer I'm supporting, a developer I'm submitting a bug report to, the author of an FAQ I'm reading, a fellow user I'm helping out in the forums, a package maintainer testing a binary release and a hardware vendor debugging their drivers might all be seeing the same things on our screens and getting the same responses to the same commands at our terminals. Unfortunately it seems like Canonical does not share my vision. The article compares startups that received seed funding - which is mostly given out by experienced investors like Paul Graham. If your decision to join or not join a company hinges on the assumption that you're better at picking winners than Paul Graham, well, that's a big assumption. At some companies, project managers have "responsibility" for projects but no authority or engineer time to direct. They get the projects that are too important to cancel, but not important enough that anyone with real authority in the business wants to spend time pushing for them. oclhashcat-plus [1] claims to perform 6.9 billion MD5 hashes per second on an AMD hd6990 ($900 from Amazon). Assuming the password is eight lower case letters, you can try them all in (26^8)/(6.9 billion) = 30 seconds. Even if the password is eight alphanumeric digits, you can try them all in ((26+26+10)^8)/(6.9 billion) = 8.7 hours. Now admittedly, many users will have more than 8 characters in their passwords, and 8 hours to crack a single account isn't that bad I mean it could be a lot worse, and it's only a forum so no exactly critical infrastructure. However, by the standards of security systems (where we're used to hearing that brute force attacks will take longer than the age of the universe) MD5 is pretty weak. [1] http://hashcat.net/oclhashcat-plus/ To me personally the royals don't seem super-great or anything, but the alternative of having a career politician as president doesn't sound any better. The Radio 4 series Analysis [1] had an interesting episode on this - still available as a podcast, title "Pornography: what do we know?" I encourage you to give it a listen as it's an interesting program. To vastly simplify and summarise, the reporter's conclusion is the evidence to show it causes serious and direct harm is weak. [1] http://www.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/series/analysis "Ring of steel" was the term used for the road blocks, barbed wire and railings around central Belfast in the 1970s, when bombings there were common [1]. In this case it was literally steel barriers encircling the city centre. It was not a continuous ring of steel, as buildings formed parts of the barriers. It's also the term used for the covert ring of CCTV cameras and checkpoints erected in the City of London [2] in 1993 in response to bishopsgate bombing. It shares the property of encircling the centre of a city for security purposes, but is not literally a ring of steel. At one point people would have recognised this as a reference to Belfast's situation. [1] http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/belfast-security-measur... [2] http://henriwilliams.blogspot.co.uk/2010/08/entering-panopti... http://www.independent.co.uk/news/londons-ring-of-steel-to-e... Most countries have intelligence apparatus of course, no reason the USA shouldn't have something fulfilling the NSA's role. But if there's one thing this debacle has shown me it's that there's not just a few bad apples playing fast and loose with checks and balances and constitutional safeguards. The rot extends throughout the NSA, the secret courts and secret oversight committees, literally up to the president. I don't know what form the eventual reforms will take, but if they're going to achieve anything they will have to be extremely extensive. They will have to go well beyond a slap on the wrist for the NSA. Plenty of countries already have partly-tax-exempt retirement savings, to encourage people to lock money up for retirement instead of making equivalent instant access investments. How would a donor go about doing this, in concrete terms? I mean, should I be spending my money on political lobbyists or what? What measurable outcomes should I expect? 1. If at all possible, don't store credit card numbers in your database. A payment gateway will take care of this for you - you have an iframe the user uses to submit their credit card details straight to the payment gateway, and the payment gateway gives you back a token you can use to charge and refund at your convenience (locked to your merchant account so not useful to attackers). DataCash and Chase Paymentech are two companies that provide this service, and I'm sure there are others too. 2. If the user forgets their password and resets it, ask them to re-enter their credit card details in case their e-mail has been hacked. (Also ask them to re-enter their details for deliveries to new postal addresses, if applicable) So if you can't access CC data after a customer resets their password, that's no problem. 3. Use database-level security; set up roles and accounts in your database so tables containing sensitive data only have select grants to apps and users that really need them. When a table has some columns that are sensitive and others that aren't, set up a view with the sensitive columns replaced with placeholder data and give them access to that instead. You're very clever, young man, very clever, but it's payment gateways all the way down. What do you suppose a drone does if the command channel and the encrypted GPS signal are both unavailable/jammed but the unencrypted GPS signal is available? In any case, you don't have to be able to decrypt a GPS signal to be able to replay it - you fly a plane 200m above the drone, record whatever's coming over the air from the satellites and you know precisely what would be at the drone's antenna if it were 200m higher. Rebroadcast that at the drone's antenna et Voilà, the drone thinks it's 200m higher than it is. There are commercial products for less than $100 that do this for the L1 C/A signal - such as [1]. You can rebroadcast at substantially higher power than the signal coming directly from the satellite, so the direct signal gets drowned out. After all, the satellite has to broadcast to cover half the world, while you only have to cover a few square meters. Now, I'll grant the receiver may see a change in signal strength, some cycle slips, and an increase in clock skew. But you get those in normal GPS operation anyway. If you're going to detect GPS attacks and self-destruct your drone you'll want a very low false-positive rate, and I'm not sure that's feasible. [1] http://www.diplomat.co.uk/products/hardware-products/active-... Reassigning some ipv4 IPs on a handful of corporations' internal networks would dwarf the cost of upgrading the entire internet infrastructure to ipv6? I get assigned a new ipv4 IP by DHCP every time I reboot my computer. And you should hear the infrastructure people at my ISP and workplace and university squeal when you ask them about ipv6 - far too much work, they say, no plans on the horizon. Traditionally you generate an SSL public and private key, and send only the public key to the certificate authority for signing, so compromising the certificate authority doesn't give you the private key. It does however give you the ability to issue yourself new public keys to conduct man-in-the-middle attacks [1]. If you compromise the same CA as the site whose traffic you're trying to intercept, you can bypass certificate pinning which is supposed to detect MITM attacks. So for example you can MITM gmail without certificate pinning detecting it if you compromise Verisign, Equifax or GeoTrust [2] [1] http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.co.uk/2011/08/update-on... [2] http://src.chromium.org/viewvc/chrome/trunk/src/net/http/tra... > Maybe? For what reason? Should we reward the creation of the type of music that people will still be listening to in 30 years time more than the type of music people won't be listening to in 30 years time? Depends on the standards committee - for things like 3G telephones you can't legally implement the standard without licensing the patent pool, although license terms have to be 'fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory' [1]. Qualcomm make more money from their patents on 3G technology than they do from producing and selling hardware. Likewise, there are patents on MP3 and h.264 I've heard people joke that the aim of being on a standards committee is to get as much of your protected IP into the standard as possible :) [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reasonable_and_non-discriminat... I think we can all agree that e-mails should have finite size - it's not a very good protocol for transferring multi-gigabyte files, for sure! Where we would disagree is where that limit should be drawn. I've seen systems in this day and age that fail in the face of e-mails as small as 5 megabytes (e.g. Yahoo Popgate) which IMHO is far too low - but evidently some sysadmins disagree with me! You've never phoned a restaurant and found they weren't answering their phone at the time? As far as I can tell, restaurants in my area go from "too quiet to have anyone in to answer the phone" to "too busy for anyone to be free to answer the phone" and back without ever passing through a state in between. If they used a standard Kinect and sold an iPad app, they'd end up selling it for 99 cents because "it's just an app". But sell a $30 device for $149 and you can make much more money per customer. Much easier to build a sustainable business that way. 1. Algorithm to evaluate how blurred an image is. 2. Adjust the focus a little bit, is it getting less blurred? Keep going. More blurred? Other direction. 3. Keep adjusting until you find the point where adjusting either way means more blur. There are a few reasons businesses end up on our prohibited list: they're full of fraud (get rich quick schemes), legally regulated (guns, drugs), or regulated by card companies (pornography). I'm curious about which category "(51) personal computer technical support" and "(54) human hair, fake hair or hair-extensions" fall into? Certainly it would be easier, but even NSA doesn't have enough hard drives to store all of GMail, Outlook.com, Skype, etc. Gmail has enough drives - why shouldn't the NSA? Gmail offers 15 gigabytes of storage space, almost certainly over-allocated - I know only one or two people who have hit that limit, personally I'm at less than 3 gigabytes. Gmail has 425 million users, according to [1] According to Wikipedia's Utah Data Center article[2], it's estimated to have 3 to 12 exabytes of storage in the near term. So, space enough to store 1.0 billion to 4.2 billion 3 gigabyte gmail accounts, or 7.6 to 30.3 gigabytes per gmail user. Somewhat short of 'all internet traffic all the time' but they could get all of gmail easily. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gmail [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utah_Data_Center Because instead of buying two e-books while traveling, you buy one then go on Facebook/HN/Angry Birds. Assume you read at a constant rate, so reading for twice as long means you read twice as much. And assume you buy ebooks at the rate you read them, so when you read one ebook you buy one ebook. Hence reading for twice as long means you buy twice as much; and reading for half as long means you buy half as much. Assume also that you take a fixed-duration journey during which you entertain yourself with your e-reader or tablet. Time spent reading = journey length - time spent doing things other than reading. Number of ebooks you buy = reading speed constant * time spent reading So the relation is: Number of ebooks you buy = reading speed constant * (journey length - time spent doing things other than reading) Does this clarify things? Personally I'm still on paper books, but I can't remember a time when I didn't have at least one book I was reading, and usually more than one waiting to be read. I regulate my book purchasing to stop the unread book stack getting out of hand. So in my case buying rate approximately equals reading rate. I guess it depends on how long it takes you to read things, and how easily you can find things you want to read :) As I understand it the American educational tradition uses more frequent, shorter tests known as 'quizzes' - sometimes as often as for every class, every week. Benefits of this approach include giving teachers fast feedback on whether students are understanding what they're being taught; and spreading the test workload evenly across the year instead of having a bunch of big make-or-break exams at the end of the year, within days of one another. Using multiple choice tests which can be marked automatically makes it simpler to do this as they can be marked by machine. Multiple choice with automated marking also means you don't have to decipher students' bad handwriting; you can't recognise students' writing and apply subconscious favouritism; you have to ask questions with unambiguously right answers; it's simple to be consistent with marking; and rates of human error are reduced. With that said, you can't teach someone to write an essay without having them write an essay and giving them feedback; and you can't check a student's math problem working and point out where they make a mistake. So multiple choice tests certainly aren't the be-all and end-all of student evaluation. If "waiters basically disappear for the night or give us attitude" because they think you aren't spending enough? Ah, but you forget the myriad other benefits: 1. If you don't believe in globalization, you can legitimately lock out foreign competition and insist on an all-American supply chain, keeping jobs and money in the US. 2. It allows you to bring home the pork. Military contractors have a proven willingness to situate assembly plants to deliver jobs in politically convenient locations. 3. It's compatible with Libertarian/Tea Party beliefs, as military spending tends to get a free pass from the balanced budget brigade. 4. People will call you "a hawk" and "strong on defense" and "supporting our troops". Or at least they won't call you the opposite of those things. 5. Spending on things like DARPA funds cool things like the internet and the DARPA Grand Challenge and robots and things. Pretty sciencey and cool. 6. $60 million in lobbying in 2012 https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/indusclient.php?id=D01&yea... with Boeing, Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin all in the top 20 individual donors https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/top.php?indexType=s&showYe... Compare that to funding boring old schools and bridges and things which have none of these benefits. https://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/04/us/monitoring-of-snail-ma... “In the past, mail covers were used when you had a reason to suspect someone of a crime,” said Mark D. Rasch, who started a computer crimes unit in the fraud section of the criminal division of the Justice Department and worked on several fraud cases using mail covers. “Now it seems to be, ‘Let’s record everyone’s mail so in the future we might go back and see who you were communicating with.’ Essentially you’ve added mail covers on millions of Americans.” IMHO the new title was clearer than the old one as (a) it doesn't require the reader recognise a vulnerability that was patched 15 years ago; and (b) it notes the problem is IPv6-related. Neither the old nor the new title mentions that it's a Windows-only vulnerability. I agree there should be some marker to show the title has been edited, but I don't disagree with this particular edit. Is there any labor law that would require you to use a back door method? If you could have hired someone equally competent for less money, why didn't you? If you couldn't find such a person, the person you hired is hardly overpaid. 1.4 million Americans have 'TS/SCI' clearance, but only Manning and Snowdon felt inclined to suffer the consequences of speaking out of principle. I think it's easy to imagine you would speak out when you don't have access to anything secret - but when it's you and your family that will be put at risk I can understand the disincentives looming large. I'm fairly confident the hyperloop business plan would include building a few miles of test track before betting the farm on building the whole thing. A vocal portion of the HN community seem to be SV developers whose biggest problem is "How do I get these recruiters to stop calling me?" Needless to say, these people are in a much more powerful negotiating position than, say, the 9.5% of Nevada residents who are unemployed [1]. And even the Nevada residents are better off than the 20% of people worldwide living on less than the PPP equivalent of $1.25 per day [2]. I think the posters in this thread should state which of those audiences they're writing for. [1] http://www.cnbc.com/id/100974182 [2] http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-17312819 Amazon is perfectly happy to print books on demand for low-circulation paperback books [1]. The kind of build-on-demand system that could print an iPhone then a DVD then a pushchair then a fitted shirt then a delicious tomato then a bottle of olive oil is a long way off. I'd happily bet $10 that such technology won't be commonplace by 2040. [1] http://www.amazon.co.uk/POD Let's say you were the british security services, you didn't like Greenwald, and you wanted to show him who was boss. And his partner was travelling through an airport. What would you do differently? Presumably there were certain feature requirements for it to work as an effective desktop computer that are missing on many smart phones. I mean, the early adopters paying for the Edge are probably have desktops with quad-core 1GHz+ processors, 2GB+ of RAM, 100GB+ of hard disk space, connector and graphics card for a WSXGA+ resolution monitor, USB host capability and so on. My smart phone has none of these features. So, I'd much rather see a tools co-op than yet another tools rental service Having visited my local hackspace I discovered that machines are easily broken and time-consuming to repair, especially when you rely on skilled volunteers doing repairs in their free time. They had several broken rapid prototyping machines, lathes, drill presses and similar. I think things getting broken is inevitable, and if I expect other people to fix the things I broke it only seems fair for me to give them something for their trouble. So for-profit tool loans seem like the common sense path IMHO. How do you imagine them picking the item up when you're done? You wait for the UPS guy? 1 hour pick up time slots? You go to their drop-off location? The reason is the labor and real estate costs of administering such a system. There's also the question of damage an incentives. If I own a nonstick frying pan, I've got every incentive not to scratch the nonstick coating, and if I do it won't hurt anyone but me. If I loan my nonstick frying pan out to 10 people and expect it to come back without any scratches on the nonstick coating, I'd probably be disappointed. PortableApps.com on sourceforge reports they had 943799 downloads last month. Popular files include Firefox portable (20mb) and chrome portable (2mb). Assuming the average download is half way between those (10mb) you're looking at about 480,000 GB of downloads a year. If you store that on S3 you'll be looking at about $46,800 of bandwidth charges a year. Surprisingly expensive business. You exchange positive feedback before you send the refund request. And sellers can't leave negative feedback any more. With that said, your ebay account might get shut down after this happens more than a handful of times. Better pick up some spare accounts from a botnet operator. I e-mailed them, then waited a few months, then e-mailed them again, then went through the site manually blanking my answers then deleting them (surprise, the 'delete' button just hides your answer), and only then did I get an e-mail back saying my account had been deleted. I agree with nileshtrivedi these Quora guys seem like assholes - that's why I decided to delete my account in the first place. After the revelations about spying on other G8 attendees, a portion of posters on HN and elsewhere proved their worldly, jaded cynicism and acceptance of the status quo with posts saying "of course they do" and "everyone knows that" and "no news here". In this very discussion there's a poster saying "The real surprise is everyone is shocked". These people won't care about the UN story - but the stalking love interests they might care about. One of the prime reasons it's constitutional to perform stop-and-frisk and searches incident to a lawful arrest is so suspect can't shoot the cops or destroy evidence. Seems reasonable enough. Personally I see a distinction between taking you cell phone and searching it. The contents of your cell phone can't be used to shoot cops, especially once the they've taken it off you; and you can't destroy evidence on the cell phone once they've taken it off you. Once it's established that the thing is a cell phone, I don't see an officer safety or destruction of evidence argument for searching its' contents. In this world of cloud technology, I see a cell phone as like a house key, in that it's a key to my gmail and things like that. Just as finding a house key doesn't let the cops perform a warrantless search of my home, why should finding a device with my gmail credentials saved on it let the cops perform a warrantless search of my e-mails? Most failed login attempts are probably the user's correct password with a letter or two transposed or missing. And a competent, ethical developer wouldn't store the user's correct password except salted and hashed using an appropriate algorithm (like bcrypt). Why would you store the one-character-off password with any less protection? Given that one would only store incorrect login attempts in hashed form, I'm having trouble thinking of any useful analytics you could perform on them. To be fair, Windows isn't the only desktop environment to throw away old interface designs and adopt new ones that many wish could be disabled. Not saying it's a good (or bad) think in either case (as I don't know) but it's certainly not a unique-to-microsoft thing. Are the input constraints (e.g. all robots move the same way at once with the same force) entirely in the presentation of interface to the user, or are there technical constraints that mean the robots all have to behave the same way? Water can flow, or it can crash. To push the polygon to the right you want to flow past it to the left, then crash against it to the right. If there were a 'move without pushing' it would make the flowing stage a whole lot simpler. Our rates are typically $21 to $60 per male employee and $71 to $150 per female employee per month. Did they mention why female employees cost so much more? I thought (from car insurance prices etc) that men are more likely to get into accidents? I was under the impression female-only things like childbirth were fairly safe these days. Obviously you can't pay more than your means, but the housing market has people bidding against one another for products that differ in dozens of different dimensions. Me, maybe I'm willing to pay more for my favorite architectural style and off-road parking for my motorbike. Maybe you're starting a family, you'll pay more to live in an area with a quality public school, and a park where you can walk your dog. Another person might pay a premium for a safer neighborhood with lower crime rates and more local shops. We all take our preferences, decide what we're willing to pay, and you outbid me because I wasn't willing to pay any premium for that public school (or whatever). Here's a map of the UK displaying areas' most popular surnames: http://www.uncertaintyofidentity.com/GB_Names/Mapping.aspx It's Smith and Jones almost everywhere, but in cities like London and Birmingham there are distinct groupings of Patel, Kaur, Begum etc. I'd be interested to hear the source of the line that "in college women make up 52% of math and science majors" I'm aware that chemistry maintains gender parity [1] and that medical schools are near-parity [2] (if you consider medicine to be math or science) but I'm not aware of a 52% figure covering all math and science. [1] http://www.rsc.org/Education/EiC/issues/2012May/Yellowlees-w... [2] https://www.aamc.org/download/277026/data/aibvol12_no1.pdf I was really hoping to find a field CS could look to for inspiration on achieving-gender-equality done right. Looking at citation 32 from the PDF you linked it seems to be based on IPEDS [1]. Their data, for 2010 bachelors degrees conferred: IPEDS title | Table | Male | Female Health professions and related sciences | 326 | 19,306 | 110,328 Biological and biomedical sciences | 314 | 35,865 | 50,535 Mathematics and statistics | 327 | 9,087 | 6,943 Physical sciences and science technologies | 328 | 13,862 | 9,517 Engineering and engineering technologies | 320 | 73,833 | 14,896 Computer and information sciences | 318 | 32,410 | 7,179 | | | Total excluding health prof + related sci | | 165,057 | 89,070 (35% female) Total including health prof + related sci | | 184,363 | 199,398 (52% female) So we seem to be relying on "Health professions and related sciences" to bring the average up. I assume that's SIP code 51 but that seems like a very broad category [2] - for example it includes medicine, dentistry, nursing, yoga, dance therapy, and medical insurance coding. I'm not sure science as a whole should be patting ourselves on the back yet. It would be nice if we could get to gender equality without lumping all medicine in with science. [1] http://nces.ed.gov/programs/digest/d11/tables_3.asp [2] http://nces.ed.gov/ipeds/cipcode/cipdetail.aspx?y=55&cipid=8... If you don't trust a public wifi hotspot with your cleartext traffic because of passive snooping, why would you trust a VPN provider with your cleartext traffic? A lot of these torrent-anonymously consumer VPN services look pretty dodgy. If someone who'd designed a radio board wanted to understand more about getting FCC certified, where would you point them? Will it be possible to change the radio firmware without losing FCC certification? Does the message go straight from one end of the mesh network to the other, or can it store things for later forwarding? Can it really support a mesh network with thousands of clients? In a mesh network with thousands of clients, how much bandwidth does each client get? How do you divide time between different clients - is it contended like wifi so you have to keep the network uncongested? How does roaming work? What triggers provoke roaming events? If I want to communicate with one device 10cm away and another 10km away at the same time, is that possible? How do you avoid near-far problems? Does anyone know if Hangouts has any ability to work with people who don't have Google accounts? IMHO that would be a useful feature. The whole point of broadcast TV operating at mains frequency is because it makes interference less noticeable, accdording to sources like [1]. [1] http://www.adelia.co.uk/frame-rates-ntsc-pal/ The Wikipedia article talks a lot about correlation between performance in different subjects in school. I've also read that two of the strongest predictors of performance in school are your parents' performance in school, and (after controlling for that) your parents' income. Do studies of general intelligence usually control for the impact of parents' education and income? To my knowledge Al Qaeda and the Boston marathon bombers didn't have an extensive domestic data gathering program, a billion-dollar data center in Bluffdale, a network of secret courts and so on. There's no point in me having you sign an NDA if I don't plan to sue you should you violate it. I'm asking you to sign a document so I can sue you later. What do you get in return? This guy says he's giving out free advice to strangers, expecting nothing in return. There's very little upside for him. So why should he take the risk, how would it benefit him? There's not much you can do to detect MITM by someone who has subpoenaed the private SSL certificates, is there? I mean, there's no way to tell apart the certificate from the intermediary from the cert from the endpoint as they're the same. Would you say all data structures and complexity questions are bullshit? Mrainteaser / estimation questions? Is all coding bullshit, or only on whiteboards? Only coding algorithms from college? Is asking someone to code 'fizz buzz' bullshit? I'm interested to hear where you consider the boundaries to lie. Or have I misread your post, and you mean something else? Matching salaries to titles means your best-performing developers can't get a raise without becoming managers, or getting a raise for everyone in their title (i.e. a raise that's much more expensive for the company), or leaving the company. Seems like quite a pair of handcuffs to put on yourself. They sold 17,000 of them - for a death trap, would you expect them to have zero deaths? Because [1] says there were zero deaths. I put it to you the C5 is no stupider than a segway, and at one tenth the cost. [1] http://www.crashonline.org.uk/19/sinclar5.htm The logic goes like this: 1. If you're going to do something that might get you fired, get another job lined up before you do it. 2. The leverage "threaten to resign" only works once; if you don't follow through it won't be credible again; and it marks you as having one foot out the door, making it less appealing to invest in training you or give you new responsibilities. 3. Even if you use leverage other than threatening to resign, moving jobs is guaranteed to get you away from your toxic boss, whereas trying to fix things isn't guaranteed to work. And at the same time you can probably learn some new technologies and get a salary bump. Once you've got another job lined up, you might as well take it. 4. Telling everyone what you really think in leaving e-mails / exit interviews never changes anything in the company, but might make you enemies or get you a bad reference. Why bother? Instead give them some bullshit about how it's a great company and you just felt it was time for a change. Of course, if you can confront the situation in a way that doesn't risk getting you fired, the above logic doesn't apply. It's company size and politics dependent. I've seen people at small companies, where the boss wanted to save money on redundancy payments, instead start firing people for violating policies that had gone ignored for years. I don't know about you, but I violate corporate policies on a daily basis; I see it as something everyone has to do to be able to accomplish their jobs. It depends on how broad your definition of luxury is. The UK has a sales tax called 'VAT' that applies to almost everything, with a defined list of exceptions. Most types of food are untaxed, as are books, children's clothes, college education, safety boots, gold investment coins, sport activities, tap water, most healthcare services, burials and cremations, museum entry fees, houseboat moorings, charter of military aeroplanes, and so on [1]. OK so the list of things that are exempt or 0% taxed is fairly long. But the vast majority of things are subject to VAT. [1] http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/vat/forms-rates/rates/goods-services....