Assume you accept his argument that the open source process is such an advantage and that the market is efficient enough to punish companies who use open source code but don't reciprocate. Why then isn't the market efficient enough to punish those companies who have an irrational fear of the GPL (and therefore refuse to take advantage of the majority of open source code)? This appears to be his only stated problem with the GPL, and I thought the GPL is anti-business meme would have died long ago given the continued success of Linux. Quote from Chris Blizzard: "The proposed spec [...] is a pretty light wrapper on top of OpenGL ES 2.0, with some changes to support some JavaScript pleasantries." http://www.0xdeadbeef.com/weblog/?p=1207 So it's more like a port than a new standard. I'm also not sure how much your complaint applies to HTML 5 since that was originated by browser vendors wanting to standardize the new stuff they were already implementing and to reverse engineer and then compatibly implement how old stuff was implemented in Internet Explorer. I think the issue here that he is referring to (obliquely) is the disagreement on video codecs. So to take your img example it would be analogous to a specification for img where Firefox was supporting PNG (but not GIF) and Safari supporting GIF (but not PNG) and IE supporting neither but Microsoft is at the same time pushing a closed source browser plugin that can show images in a Microsoft proprietary and patented format that sits outside of HTML. That would be a "sad web" too, even if it technically had images. He's not (imho) against the video tag in any way, just pointing it out as an example of the (inherently) political squabbling and consequent craziness that surround standardization in a multi-billion pound market. That's a standard free-market, laissez-faire take on things, but not entirely accurate. The usual IT factors of lock-in, path dependency and network effects have their place. As does the frequently underestimated, yet monumental task of getting effective interoperation even when all parties are willing and able to do so (neither of which is generally the case). Minor browser engines such as Webkit, Gecko and Opera can't change the market much on their own. They need to be interoperable to some degree for people to start using their additions to the standards on the wider web. HTML5 (nee WHAT-WG) was initially those browser vendors coming together to work on exactly that. You give Canvas as an implementation before standardization example, yet it was far more iterative than that with Apple's original implementation (for use in the walled garden of their widgets) being presented for standardization with the explicit idea that it was good for Apple if there were interoperable implementations out there. It's a pretty good example of Co-opetition. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coopetition ) I don't understand why "SQL caching" means bypassing Rails. I mean if you do whole page caching then you bypass Rails, after the first call. But if you're only caching the SQL call then you still need something to format it into HTML, which I'm guessing in Twitter's case is Rails. You're also conflating Ruby (the language) and Rails (the web framework). Your assumption here is that Bill Gates was born with "off-the-charts intelligence, business savvy and entrepreneurial drive" and nothing about his upbringing affected this in anyway. I think even the strongest genetic determinist would have to concede that's not true, which throws doubt on him even having these qualities if he'd been born and raised elsewhere (ghetto, communist state, refugee camp etc.) Do you have a link to these stats? I don't think most people in the UK would even know what an home invasion is (I know from Ice-T) and Wikipedia claims it is notoriously hard to get stats this topic since it's not a defined crime in many jurisdictions. If you take a step back from this you realize that the news industry is the middlman. People want the info or news, prior to the web you needed printing presses or a tv station to deliver it. This concentration of power has led to all sorts of power-crazed idiots getting involved to push their viewpoints and crowd out their opponents. To add insult to injury they make all their money from providing eyeballs to advertisers leading to the same race to the bottom you see happening online. A great deal of this is similar to the findings on management and creativity and/or stress and creativity. Stress kills creativity because it creates a chemical reaction that forces your mind to focus intently and over-rely on previous experience. This might help if you need to run away from a bear, but might hinder if you're trying to solve a tricky problem that requires exploring and potentially letting go of assumptions. Similarly it's very tricky to "manage" creativity or any task where you can't specify and measure either the process or the outcome (preferably both). You may sadly realise this covers most white collar work but it only really gets talked about in relation to obviously 'creative' things like advertising and R&D. The basic of management there is "don't", though there are some things that help such as "clan controls" where you hire people with a particular value set (e.g. scientists or open source programmers) and encourage them to be evaluated, outside of work, by their peers. It might be worth pondering a comparison between an leading advertising agency work areas and Google's famous playgrounds. This guy proposes that the bits of the company that can be managed traditionally (sales, clerical workers) thrive on (or are even addicted to) continual stress and this causes a hidden rift between them and the programmers (etc.) who absolutely require at least some time in the stressless mindset in order to do their job. It may already be too late, PHP on the JVM: http://www.caucho.com/resin-3.0/quercus/ Note, I know nothing about the project, just first result from Google. I knew something existed because I'd read about IBM's Project Zero, but I think their implementation of PHP on the JVM (called P8, iirc) is closed source. One of the comments claims it is called a Tuo Quoque (You also) Fallacy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tu_quoque The bit at the start, with him rolling square blocks reminded me of this video of a bike with square wheels: http://www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3DLgbWu8zJubo How is the validator gem used in rails? I'm thinking of starting a rails project and I'd like to validate every single produced page, every time it's produced. I'd assumed the best way to do it would be cache the output and run the validator 'offline' but I couldn't find any rails or rack projects that do this. I liked the bit about unspecified failure modes in HTML 4. Very important point, though I feel somewhat sad that such persuasion is necessary. My way of looking at it is: you're trying to produce a certain kind of output that is externally specified and there are available 3rd party tools that can validate it. Why wouldn't you automate testing? Are you reviewing this as a startup idea? Your response seems a bit harsh for an open source educational charity. One benefit of open source is that Qimo could disappear tomorrow and others could carry the torch and build on anything of value they produced. I use OS X myself and am aware that they have a simplified Finder for kids and old folks, but I see value in having something to put on old junker machines for kids, particularly younger ones that are more likely to spill paint on them or whatever. You're right that the web is important for accessing the widest range of material. The only real knock that Linux has from the point of view of web kiosk for kids is the lack of shockwave plugin that some older content on e.g. the BBC kids sites uses. Also, did anyone else think that Qimo sounds too close to Chemo (as in therapy)? No. This is a neat hack but is so narrowly applicable it's not worth bothering about for most folks. You ask designers for input but I think it's an engineering choice to use simple and straightforward technologies you (and colleagues) fully understand rather than meddling with neat hacks, particularly if you're deploying out to the user browsers, which is a quagmire even if you're not getting too fancy. Of course if you're in an environment where images are impossible/banned for whatever reason (and you can't use proper CSS gradients) then this technique could make you look like a magician, but I can't think of such a situation off-hand. This is a fascinating topic (HTML5 allowing web apps on phones and similar devices to become richer and provide an alternative installation route than the App stores controlled by platform owners) but this article is vague, desperately seeking conflict, and has a troll-y headline. This is another example of what-aboutery, but relevant I think: Anyone remember the guy who testified to congress that the US Embassy in Iraq was being built with the exact same kind of slave labor as is apparently common in Dubai? His testimony: http://oversight.house.gov/documents/20070726115247.pdf quote: "My statement will address labor abuse, human trafficking, and other concerning issues that I personally witnessed at the construction site of the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad" Another source, with a similar story. http://www.antiwar.com/ips/phinney.php?articleid=9919 It's a bit of a misleading title, it's not all about procrastination and it's not much of a howto either. It's about how you can do many things better than standard economics would indicated if you take into account the irrationality of human beings. For example, everyone leaves reports to the last minute. Commiting to earlier deadlines makes no sense to a 'rational' human being, but can help actual human beings. Here's a link to his research paper on this topic: http://www.predictablyirrational.com/pdfs/deadlines.pdf And his book site: http://www.predictablyirrational.com/ And if (when) the client changes their mind? Eric Meyer talks about the neat CSS used to generate the graphs from tabular data here: http://meyerweb.com/eric/thoughts/2009/04/07/findings-of-the... It's a vote. So if you've got an account and have edited more than 25 times then go take part. Can anyone point to some more info on this? I was excited to hear about it when it was first announced but it seems to have gone awfully quiet. Are the ARM developers just not big bloggers? It seems there's a fair amount of work in bringing up a distro to target the various ARM hardware out there so it would be good to hear an overview from someone in the know. Unfortunately Microsoft can easily take the hit for sums that seem astronomical to ordinary people (or even ordinary businesses) and then turn round and use that as justification for their own patents. Just like when it gets fined hundreds of millions by the EU, it can use these numbers to elicit sympathy, while I'm sure internal calculations show greater profit from ignoring the law or playing the patent game, even after subtracting these costs. After all if they didn't profit from it, then they probably wouldn't do it. "I hear how we are to release early and often, which means less testing". In the parlance of our times: You're doing it wrong. Well that was a surprisingly sensible article. Looks like we could be heading for a tipping point. Or the apocalypse. One of the two anyway. One similar thing I've never understood is card games like Magic the Gathering and (perhaps?) Pokemon. From what I gather this is kind of like playing poker, except you can just go out and buy more decks to stack your hand. Just doesn't seem fair or fun to me. A similar partly-virtual good I can't wrap my head round is intentionally limited-edition goods such as beanie babies. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beanie_Baby "Instant Springboard real estate" You can easily add web apps or pages to the iPhones home screen, it's the button right below "bookmark". You even get a nice icon if it specified correctly using the appropriate HTML5 I generally agreed with the article and see strong parallels with pg's original article. I note that most of the replies so far fail the test of doing the swap in the opposite direction i.e. "I'm attracted to smart women" is the same as "nerds are popular with me" which is different from "nerds are popular", and even more so from "nerds were popular in high school". Or play it: http://www.gwap.com/gwap/gamesPreview/tagatune/ I don't want to sound paranoid but security researchers working for anti-virus vendors have a vested interest in blowing these things out of proportion. I don't know the details of this particular story but I have seen blatant scaremongering and misinformation in the past when it comes to Macs. Despite the glib headline this is actually important and deeply interesting. It's fundamentally about a complete lack of the scientific method being applied in the business world. Instead we've got witchdoctors, quacks and gurus guiding a vital part of our society. Try translating some of the stuff in the article to medicine or science. What makes you healthy or ill? Well we asked around the office and found some people we thought looked healthy, then interviewed them to find out what they do. Okay, some of them died horrible deaths shortly afterwards, and may not even have been healthy at the time. Perhaps they died due to the stuff they were doing "for the good of their health" or maybe just because good luck turned to bad but that's not important as long as our initial conclusions makes a plausible story. After all, no-one likes it when science is counter-intuitive and doesn't fit their preconceived ideas, and they'll actively resist such conclusions. Derren Brown did an excellent program on this theme called The System ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derren_Brown#The_System spoiler warning!) where you got to follow an individual as they won bets again and again on horse races and you got to see the confidence and belief building in them. It really humanized the cognitive biases that lead to the sloppy thinking in areas like this article highlights. I think you're missing the point. These SEO hackers don't announce themselves by defacing your front page or deleting your database. They insert hidden links in your HTML to boost their PageRank and it's in their interests to go undetected for as long as possible. There's two parts to Atom, Atom itself which is like a better RSS and AtomPub. He's talking about the latter. From Wikipedia: "The Atom Syndication Format is an XML language used for web feeds, while the Atom Publishing Protocol (AtomPub or APP) is a simple HTTP-based protocol for creating and updating web resources." Atom itself is doing fine. Readers have to cater to RSS for historical reasons but for most producers, particularly in non-standard (not "blogging") contexts, it's a waste of time. I think you'll find that the "X number of browsers" you need to check for and use fallbacks from HTML5 are "various flavours of IE". So please, let the griping continue. This is because Microsoft has, for a long time, dragged its feet regarding the web because the web is a threat to its core business. In fact two main strands of HTML5 development are reverse engineering IE peculiarities and making them a standard so that others can interoperate and investigating ways to fix up IE with javascript shims so that it can support HTML5 without any help from Microsoft. This is not the "right way" to do things but when the monopoly browser (and OS) producer varies between apathy and antagonism towards the web that's how progress gets made. I agree with the headline but didn't find much in the article to back it up. For my part I look at Perl (or Ruby) and see an expression of Unix traditions. Building on those can make you very productive. I'd say the same is true of Ruby on Rails where it's really a distillation of best practice in web app design and deployment. DeCSS didn't help prevent casual piracy. It helped prevent people from legally watching DVDs they had bought on linux because they wouldn't license it, and it was illegal to reverse engineer it. So what did all those tech savvy people who were being actively snubbed by the movie industry do? They bittorrented pre-ripped movie files instead of buying DVDs that were somewhere between awkward and impossible to use. Another classic foot-shooting move from the movie industry. The fact that Git can actually lose history is one bad mark against it. The fact that the option to prevent this has the totally bizarre name of "denyNonFastforwards" is another. Beware! Most "free" fonts are not licensed for use within a web page via @font-face. This is a new technology which most font designers probably haven't heard of and taken account of in their licencing. Crucially it involves putting the actual font on a public web server for users to download. I followed a random link posted here and on checking the licence on a "free" font found this: "the consumer may use Harold's Fonts in any way EXCEPT redistribution of the digital font itself in any form." As with software, if they're not using a recognised licence (SIL OFL, CC, GPL) then triple check that you and the copyright owner agree on definitions before using it in a commercial setting. The link from the article is sparse because they're not just "free", they're open source. Which as software guys you know is a big difference. Also, to the original poster: what's with the attitude? You're asking for fonts and yet you haven't even specified what kind your looking for, or for what purpose. It's almost like you're trying to prove a point about the lack of quality free fonts rather than ask a genuine question or meet a real need. Do these screens work with Windows? Apparently you can get XP on the OLPC but I've never seen it explained how XP would work with a screen that can triple it's resolution in one direction on demand. (I'm assuming here that the pixel qi screens are similar to the OLPC design. It's sounds like they might be of the same family but not identical) I'd love an ARM-based linux netbook that took full advantage of one of these screens. I think the power benefits of ARM, and the resultant loss of Windows compatibility, will the nudge to allow netbook makers to rethink what they're trying to achieve. It's clear now that the iPhone isn't a phone, it's a tiny, handheld, portable computer. A computer for which both Windows and Office are meaningless, it's all about the browser. Netbooks could be something similar, just a bit larger, but not while they're tied to the boat anchor of being hardware compatible with XP even when you're running Ubuntu or Android on it. Great article. I'd forgotten all about the Fortean Times which I used to read about 15 years ago. I always admired their ability to talk about wierd and wacky things without having to take sides and devolving into propaganda. They're kind of like "The Economist" of weird. It's funny you say that I'm "not understanding what it really means" because that was actually the point of my criticism of Git. Maybe it's just me that's stupid, but that doesn't explain the million blog entries saying either Git Sucks because it's impossible to use, or that they've had a eureka breakthrough and actually Git Rocks but you just have to understand that [reams of random gibberish] is what you need to achieve simple task A. The latter type of blog post usually has at least two comments pointing out that what the blogger suggests is both wrong and dangerous and suggesting two conflicting solutions to the same problem. Apparently it's not as bad as it used to be. Again my knowledge comes mostly from blogs but every couple of months I read that Git is no longer perversely and unusably obscure. The fact that its unnecessary complexity is now being used as a defence against criticism doesn't encourage me to think that anyone is actually going to finally fix the human factors of git anytime soon. You're reading too much into this. In a light-hearted blog post, the author is casually referring to the interesting trivia fact that the ubiquitous test image was excerpted from a Playboy nude. He's not making a big deal out of it, and neither should you. I find it somewhat amusing that none of the comments so far seem to acknowledge that this is written by Eric S Raymond. I guess that shows how far he's fallen into irrelevance. Without wanting too engage with the actual content too much, he appears to be arguing, despite the headline, that there is no economic benefit or cost to the the GPL. The only impact is based on human (actually corporate) psychology of not liking being sued. I'm conflicted about this. It's actually a very regressive tax, you pay the same whether you are rich or poor, whether you have 1 television or 20. It's also enforced in an incredibly harsh manner and we (the taxpayers) are actually footing the bill to send people to jail who get caught without a license and then can't afford to pay it (though an outrcy in the House of Lords massively reduced the number being imprisioned down from 200 to 20 (roughly) a year. On the other hand, if it came up for debate and reform, certain political factions would basically kill the BBC, which I love. Interesting stuff to think about. Just like in zombie movies, it's your fellow human beings you've got to watch out for in such situations, a flu pandemic is just a backdrop to watch the human drama unfold against. The killer feature for these things is content. You need the ability to draw on a Wikipedia style collaborative project so that you don't end up entering all the standard info (100 most common words in language X, countries/states and capitals etc. etc.) As far as I'm aware no one has done this yet. There's absolutely no need for that trolling headline. What would have been wrong with "Flash enables perfect replication of Word's layout engine online"? Truthful and probably more interesting. I feel more effort was put into creating a sensational headline than the rest of the text. There's no meat here, it tells you nothing about REST or proposed alternatives. It makes more sense to put an exact duplicate of your server platform (FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris) in a VM on the Mac and develop on the machine headless. Same applies to developing on Linux. But that's the best bit! I love using Command-C to cut and paste throughout the OS including the terminal, rather than having to switch to Control-Shift-C for certain things as you do under Gnome, where forgetting means canceling something. Could someone explain what the phrase "Rails is a Ghetto" means? I know what a ghetto is, but don't really get what the implication is here. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghetto http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/ghetto I use the Kinesis Advantage Ergonomic Keyboard featured (except in black). It's pretty great. The best bit is the placement of the non-alphanumeric keys e.g. space, enter, delete, backspace, ctrl, alt, etc. They are all placed in those two clumps under each of your thumbs where a traditional long space bar would be. It also has arrow keys arranged in a Vim-like JKLH arrangement just below the "normal" keys. I also type Dvorak on it and I can configure that within the keyboard software rather than in the OS, not that that's particularly hard but it's nice to plug and go. (I don't have the slightly more expensive Dvorak keycaps model they sell because if you're looking at the keys then you're doing it wrong) Third guy in this comic strip: http://geekz.co.uk/lovesraymond/archive/show-them-the-code (thanks to whoever posted this in the other ESR thread, I'd searched for an appropriate strip but hadn't gone back far enough to find this gem) It bothers me too, but I'm happy to see the trend going against it. Apple were one of the first to take a stand on this (possibly for iPhone reasons or to better promote Webkit). Google seems to be putting a lot of weight behind SVG (with VML fallbacks for IE) but obviously that's not reflected everywhere. Whoah there! I bike to work every day on a normal bike and love it but let's not be exclusive just because it's not something we need or want. I want more secure bike parking, more bike lanes, more bike tracks, more workplaces with shower facilities etc. etc. I don't really mind if some of those extra bikes that will be required to push for these things have electric assist. For me personally I'm not going to rule out using one in the future. I'm so used to biking to work that it is now a non-negotiable factor for me in my employment choices. The existence of electric assist bikes could expand the number of places I can reach with a reasonable commute. And that's not even counting getting old and feeble or having a steep gradient or undulating hills between home and work. Options are good, and maybe I'm naive but I believe there's more chance of getting folk onto standard bikes if they can dip their toe in with electric assist models until the get confident or fit enough to commit to going without. Meditation is pretty interesting stuff. For those put off by the spiritual or new age aspects of meditation, try The Relaxation Response. http://www.relaxationresponse.org/steps/ http://www.relaxationresponse.org/howto.htm It's trancendental meditation boiled down to the basics and demystified by a Harvard MD. For the same reasons it would be nicer to ssh into a real, not virtual, unix server machine from Mac OS X. It's a real unix underneath with a proper terminal built in. I'm temporarily doing similar at work on a Windows machine and Putty just doesn't cut it. I could look into cygwin or whatever but sod that, Ubuntu will be replacing it shortly. I was confused by your comment because limiting software to open-source (or 50% in this case) doesn't strike me as any more non-competitive than any quality or quantity requirement. Any company can compete, they just have to follow the same rules as everyone else. It would be non-competitive if a specific company was mentioned, or a technology that only one company could provide is specified. Unfortunately exactly those things happen every day when it comes to government IT procurement. And this is a big deal because while Rails might run on JRuby (even outside of Google App Engine) not many people do in practice because the various libraries and gems haven't caught up yet. I worry that Palm are putting too much faith in fixing iPhone "complaints" like lack of hardware keyboard, removable battery, multitasking. These are all complex engineering trade-offs, it's my natural inclination to think that Apple have got these right. It is, however, incredibly easy to second-guess such decisions from your blogging armchair with no knowledge at all of the factors involved. I'd rather Palm gave us what we need (even if we don't know what that is yet) than give us what some internet blowhards with a ad-revenue based agenda are asking for. No, the fact that it has been specced out with repeatable, automated tests means that you have much more hope of reliable compatibility than say CSS 2 where it was just text and everyone interpreted it differently and there was no "correct" answer to compare to. I don't think that's wrong as such. Imagine there were two sports teams in Chigaco that merged. You could say that team Y merged with "Chicago rival X" without meaning that X was a rival to Chigaco. The Theora guys have given themselves a bit of a PR black-eye here. In amongst all the fascinating yet mostly incomprehensible progress reports they make a passing reference to x264 which has been stripped of all their carefully worded caveats and unleashed on reddit et al to completely hijack the good press they should be getting from this. Instead of "solid progress of free codec, supported natively by popular browser, potential game changer for online media" you get a standard online benchmark squabble stealing all their press and goodwill. Maybe it's one of those "no such thing as bad publicity" things and they've been taking lessons from DHH. Then again they probably had no hope of avoiding it, the same arguments appear every time there's Theora news. Open Source Lessons Learned: from pulseaudio: linux users get really(!) upset when you break their proprietary Flash plugins and Skype. from theora: there can be no compromise in quality standards when transcoding bootleg DVDs. He missed my favourite. The Mac has a thing called safe sleep where it saves your memory to disk when you close the laptop. This is good because if you lose power it takes you right back to where you were. This is bad because it can take a while, especially if you have a lot of memory an sometimes confuses things if you close and open too quickly. Smart sleep gives you the best of both worlds by only switching this behavior on when your batter is below some user defined level. http://www.jinx.de/SmartSleep.html This should be the default behaviour! I will be sad if it's not in Snow Leopard. You've missed an important but subtle point. The article points out that the reason this was overlooked is not because Rails isn't profiled but because this behaviour is happening outside the standard rails profiling scope. That is a) why it's not a "relatively-straightforward bug fix", b) why it hadn't been caught already and c) why it is interesting. Actually I take that back, it is a relatively-straightforward bug fix. As with all the best bugs it's finding it that wasn't straightforward. I think a similar thing happened about a year ago when people were profiling rails but not profiling memory usage. After they realised GC was impacting their performance they shifted their focus and improved things in that regard. The most recent "X line Y% speedup" article I read here took this even further and examined the impact of the size of stack vs. heap memory on GC times. My particular favourite example of this is Steve Souders work showing how much your web app performance is affected by the end users browser and its wacky network and cache behaviour. He has claimed these factors can account for 80-90% of the end-users' waiting time. I know rails core have been working to fix these issues as they did a presentation about. That sounds to me like a bunch of useful lessons to be learned from. Certainly more info than just "profiling good", more like non-holistic profiling can be misleading. Your response certainly doesn't cover this as you talk about "basic profiling", so what is outside the profiling you do? How would you know if it is affecting performance and to what degree? Who is this James Stewart guy and why is he acting so dumb regarding monopolies? First why redefine the standard economics term "Natural Monopoly"? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_monopoly Why then define this new thing he names a 'natural monopoly' as 'lawful' when he himself points out that monopolies aren't illegal, only abusing monopoly power. Which is an interesting paradox, as this Stewart character claims monopolies aren't necessarily bad, when standard economics claims they are, and standard law allows them only to the degree that they don't maximise profits in a way that is not only allowed but encouraged in any other business i.e. you can be a monopoly, as long as you don't act like one. If something as simple as a checklist [1] can have a meaningful impact on patient care in hospitals, I think it's worth talking about the equivalent in software. Neither claims to be any kind of science, but both can save the day by compensating for the natural human foibles of the practitioner. [1]: http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2007/12/10/071210fa_fact_... Natural Monoplies being 'harmless' is not standard economic theory. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_monopoly That wikipedia page goes to some lengths to accommodate the libertarian views (which I'm guessing you lean towards) while covering the standard view. A quick review of Industrial Organisation on Google Books seems to show it reflecting the standard themes on natural monopolies, that nationalization or regulation are the standard remedies and that neither are without problems. The more-mainstream free market argument is that no regulation of monopolies creates problems, but those problems are less than the problems created by nationalization or regulation. Pretending there is no problem with monopolies is a bit extreme for my tastes, though it seems to get mentioned a lot in the US at least. I've just finished reading a history of medicine that claims that medicine's impact on prolonging life is miniscule, maybe 2% of the increase in live expectancy. The biggest impact is childhood (and prenatal) nutrition and basic sanitation. So if you did get sent back to the middle ages, the diseases would be much less likely to kill you as you are generally much more robust as a result of your late 20th century upbringing, and you'd be less likely to get them as you would understand how they spread e.g. avoiding drinking water with human excrement in it. And of you course you didn't die in childbirth or shortly after, by conveniently being in a different century, which will put you above average in life span too. And the big message from the book: avoid the doctors. They would actively be weakening you via bleeding, laxatives and emetics, right up until about the 1920s. Not really, most of that post is FUD from cable competitors in the US (ADSL and fibre-to-the-home providers). I'm not sure how much of it even applies to Virgin Media as their network has a great deal of fibre-optics in it, though not the last mile. The part about home equipment, where the falling standards of Ars journalism really shows, is just restating "640K is enough for anyone" repeatedly, to the point of absurdity. It appears that to actually have a computer connected physically to the internet via ethernet is some wacky use case and the very thought of providing internet access faster than an 11b wireless router is crazy talk. In the UK it is the ADSL providers that market misleadingly, they all use weaselly "up to X Mbp/s" language, and for maximum speed you need to be physically located near to the exchange, it drops the further away you are. Virgin Media have consistently provided whatever you pay for, even as it has increased from less than 1Mbps to 2, 5, 10, 20 and now as we speak 50Mbp/s is in the middle of deployment. I see no reason for their talked about 100 and 200 Mbp/s rollouts to be any different. A bigger issues is when can they roll them out to the whole country as they always talk about the next big step publicly before having to deal with the very real problem of bringing the whole network up to the level neeeded. By the time it arrives there will be some who can take advantage of it, those who can't or don't want to will be able to pay less for lower tiers of service, generally the stick to three tiers and users on the bottom tier gets bumped up for free, which probably has a big impact on usage too depending on the ratio of users on different plans. That's not to say Virgin don't have various other things you could complain about but it seems unfair to complain about misleading speed numbers when that is something that (at least from a UK perspective) they are on the right side of. This quote summed up my job: "Smart people can invent solutions to problems folks actually do have but don't know it yet. These solutions are usually doomed. ... It is nearly impossible to solve a problem for someone if they don't believe they have the problem, even if they really, really do." I've long thought that to succeed in technology you need to do the clever stuff behind closed doors and deliver something tangible and understandable to the common man. For example Google's map-reduce algorithms and idiosyncratic server setups. No one is going to buy into stuff as "crazy" as that, but if you do it internally you can deliver search results (and ads) that they'll appreciate without having to worry about the unorthodox manner in which they were produced. This has already happened. The industry seems to be converging on EPUB, which is XHTML plus images in a zip file. http://www.web-books.com/Publishing/epub.htm Have you ever put yourself through a double-blind test on this issue? Since the previous comment didn't just talk about mp3s in general but specifically mentioned 210Kbps VBR I think you'll find it an eye opening experience. What is a blind ABX test? http://www.hydrogenaudio.org/forums/index.php?showtopic=1629... http://wiki.hydrogenaudio.org/index.php?title=ABX He addresses that point in the article. Microsoft already have the equivalent of iPhone OS X, it's Windows CE for embedded devices and which is also the underpinnings of Windows Mobile for PDAs and Smartphones. It doesn't run standard Windows apps but neither would an ARM version of Windows 7. If I was Microsoft I would just ignore the ARM netbook market and hope that it dies off. People forget that Microsoft as a shareholder owned coporation doesn't have to dominate every market related to personal IT, just make lots of money. Strangely Microsoft seem to forget that too sometimes. Amusingly their Internet Explorer driver is called Jobbie, which is a scottish term for 'shit'. http://code.google.com/p/webdriver/wiki/InternetExplorerDriv... http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/jobbie Billy Connoly using the term: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmpRQLaxF60#t=2m20s I've been following this for a while and was under the impression that the POP3 access was a paid feature. Got a link to the free-ness? nevermind: http://www.liveside.net/main/archive/2009/03/13/pop3-technol... It sounds like she might have fixed mindset rather than a growth mindset: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mindset_(book) "Those with a fixed mindset believe their talents and abilities cannot be improved through any means. They feel that they are born with a certain amount of talent and typically do not wish to challenge their abilities due to the possibility of failure. Individuals with a fixed mindset frequently guard themselves against situations in which they feel they need to prove their personal worth. Challenges are frequently viewed negatively, instead of as an opportunity for personal growth." "People that practice a growth mindset believe intelligence, talents, and abilities can be developed over time. They believe abilities, such as athleticism and mathematical capacity, can be improved through hard work and persistence. When presented with an obstacle, those practicing a growth mindset tend to rise to the challenge. Often, people of the growth mindset do not fear failure; instead, they view it as a chance to improve themselves." "anyone can change their mindset at any age or at any stage in life. She also provides steps or ideas that the reader can follow to achieve the growth mindset." I'm surprised more hasn't been said about the absurdity of ads talking about how expensive a competitor is that then end with the protagonist being handed cash on camera. It's almost frighteningly postmodern but it gets lost in the Mac vs Win gang fights. He seems somewhat excited by the prospect of linux failing on notebooks, yet I'm sure I read a rash of these articles a while ago when the Q1 numbers got released, then another bunch when the numbers got disputed. What's he adding to the debate now? Nothing that I can see, though it appears he's got some axe to grind about linux on smartphones being better than linux on netbooks. And of course the point of this exercise was to show that silverlight running C# in the browser was "better" than javascript. Neat hack, terrible benchmark. I'd guess the one that goes first? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-move_advantage_in_chess Inertia. The same thing keeping anyone stuck on outmoded middle of the road platforms like Office. But Google are good enough to be picking folk up in various niches, and there's other smaller players getting play too. Standard disruptive innovation stuff. Some of this article sounds a bit anti-Google, pro-Microsoft but really if, as far as GE is concerned, Microsoft is simply one of three options for an office suite, and its main plus is local data (rather than say total omnipresence) then compared with a few years ago that's a terrible place for Microsoft to be. The typographer Jan Tschichold experimented with this in the thirties, though I think he recommended space-period-space to separate sentences rather than period-space-capital, and not bothering with a period at the end of a paragraph. I was looking for info on the opposite effect, lower metabolism from crash dieting earlier today and couldn't find anything useful. However, using the term RMR (Resting Metabolic Rate) from your link I found far more interesting stuff. The short version: yes crash dieting can lower your metabolic rate, but the effect is small, and not permanent. It can be a difference of 10% of your RMR which is 60-75% of your total calories burned per day. Therefore crash dieting can cause you to burn 6-8% less calories. So that's roughly 1 lb of fat less lost (or more gained) per month. I thought Attenborough was an athiest. Certainly sounds like it in this quote: "I think of a little child in east Africa with a worm burrowing through his eyeball. The worm cannot live in any other way, except by burrowing through eyeballs. I find that hard to reconcile with the notion of a divine and benevolent creator." http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/mandrake/4347954/... Can someone explain the entropy and thermodynamics bit? He appears to be arguing against the concept of calories in minus calories burned equals calories stored, but he lost me. He's got "entropy" in his blog name so you'd think this is his area, however, it sounds fishy to me. Isn't the competition here Silverlight vs. Flash. And isn't Flash installed on more than IE , Firefox, Safari and Chrome combined? (Note that sounds ridiculous, but I'm fairly certain it's true) So, given the competition is Flash, why the jab at other browsers? Or is Microsoft declaring war on the open web? (edit: Somewhat surprised that Techcrunch actually makes the same points, I'd commented before reading it) That's a very harsh review of the hacker's diet. More accurate would be food = energy, exercise = energy expenditure, obesity = prolonged energy surplus stored as fat, and weight loss = prolonged calorie deficit leading to fat reduction. While I agree that there are wrinkles due to when, how and what you eat, I can't see a problem with that basic maths. You could say a 'bad' calories is one that triggers you to eat more calories, whether that's through habit, or addiction, or stomach stretching, or sugar rushes and crashes leading to hunger. But that still reduces down to more calories. This book seems to be suggesting that the energy you store as fat comes from somewhere other than the food you eat. That's entering creationism or perpetual motion machine territory for me, and as you would then expect is accompanied by claims that the whole field is crooked. The rebuttal linked from the article (by one of the "villains" of the book) suggests that the weird data comes down to people lying about what they eat to researchers. Not only do they not record everything they eat, they lie even more about their consumption of fatty foods which (correctly or not) the average person thinks are bad. This makes it seem like people are gaining weight mysteriously, and that carbs are over-represented. Given the choice between overweight people misrepresenting what they eat and a whole branch of science being corrupt I'll take the former. Particularly if the book writer is happy to cherry pick out the results that he likes and ignore the rest of the field. Took me a couple of reads to understand that too, I thought they were talking about the Music companies buying into Spotify. It actually means that downloaders getting music illegally from The Pirate Bay, may be (via ad revenue) lining the pockets of a backer who has links to far-right groups in Sweden: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2009/02/26/pirate_bay_neo_nazi/ Call me cynical but isn't the music industry famous for business ventures that don't make any money. They just ensure they get their cut in advance, and cook the books if necessary to make sure there's nothing left for the artists to get a percentage of. "Stimulating your metabolism" means burning more calories. You've not blown away the existing framework, you're actually just working within it and yet have somehow convinced yourself that you're not. The quotes seem to be the problem, works without for me. I guess you're asking Apple for that. In the meantime Google have a webapp, just save it to your iPhone's homescreen. http://gmail.com/tasks I love these journalistic pieces where the tone is "I'm totally destroying their argument" but the actual data is lacking. Sophistry of the lowest kind. Personal highlight: it's okay to fall behind in a certain test because that's "only" measuring the real-world application of maths skills. We want to be judged only on what they've learned in school, because other countries are cheating by learning not just in school but "at home, or even elsewhere". I mean even if you accept their premise that's still nonsense. There at least one glaring flaw in his argument. He implies you can't bolt a good UI onto open source software after finishing the core functionality, yet the article revolves around CUPS which Apple themselves took and bolted a good UI onto. Strangely he makes no mention of this fact. Apple also hired the author and now own the copyright to CUPS which is still Free Software ( http://www.cups.org/ ). It's worth noting for those who weren't early adopters of Mac OS X that printer compatability sucked pretty hard before the adoption of CUPS since Mac OS X was both new and unpopular at the time. Is it technically "usable" if it doesn't work? Apple clearly saw the benefit of jumping on the bandwagon of an open standard, and this let them concentrate on other things like the UI. The same could be said for much of Mac OS X. Both the positive OSS examples he mentions, Firefox and Camino, were likewise primarily GUIs bolted onto the Mozilla core after the fact. Gruber is mostly right about usability being hard and about it being a skill but he generally doesn't get Open Source, nor Free Software, nor Unix even though Apple now dabbles to varying degrees in all these things. And his lack of insight shows. How many hackers would agree that "More often than not, you get what you pay for" holds true for software. But the 20:20 hindsight award goes to the second last paragraph: "It’s easy to ridicule the estimated 2006-or-2007 ship date for Longhorn, the next major release of Windows. But do you doubt for a moment that Longhorn will provide more improvements from Windows XP than desktop Linux will gain during the same period?" That the UI is important and hard work a standard opinion for Gruber and Apple fans generally (myself included). This particular article is about how Open Source software cannot achieve this, mostly due to limits placed on it by Gruber's own stereotypes. Why can't it be commercial? Why can't it hire UI guys with training and insight. In fact it does both these things. Same author's follow-up from late 2008: "Why Free Software has poor usability, and how to improve it" http://mpt.net.nz/archive/2008/08/01/free-software-usability Rote Memorization gets a bad rap. What I object to is people pretending to educate you, when all they are looking for is memorisation and regurgitation. And because they can't admit that's what they're doing, they don't bother teaching you useful mnemonic techniques to allow you to do it better. It's the worst of both worlds. And in this case, based on the example questions, it's not simply rote memorisation since you have to orientate yourself based on the clues to get the answer, you're not just calling it from memory as you would a capital city or river length statistic. I really don't think it's that simple. Things I believe but can't prove: * Open Source Usability, just like OS security, engineering, marketing, QA, translation, installation, update schedule, funding model etc. etc. will be different from the closed source analog. Doesn't make either "better" a priori , but does mean you can't transplant one to the other wholesale and have it work the same, nor can you easily compare one against the benchmark of the other. * That Open Source Usability will in fact follow your two steps with a crucial difference. It will still involve super awesome frameworks that do everything but will be followed by figuring out how to expose different subsets of those features in multiple UIs. Potential case study the UI horror that is Evolution (because it tried to copy proprietary Outlook) spawning multiple new frontends like the pimlico suite that expose just contacts or calendar and the new Anjal mail client: http://blogs.gnome.org/sragavan/2009/03/18/announcing-anjal-... * Corollary of the above: if you're copying a proprietary UI wholesale then you're probably doing it wrong. Steal the ideas yes but re-interpret them in a way that makes sense for open source platforms. * iTunes is a usability disaster since commercial and proprietary pressures have forced a CD player, CD ripper, music library, internet radio, online music store, party music player, network jukebox, video player, iPod manager and god knows what else into a single app. This is actually the anithesis of Apple design principles but is forced on them by the need to push their stuff onto Windows. If you're working on a music player for the Linux desktop, for the love of god, stop copying iTunes. * Safari/Webkit is what it is because it a) started with code from KHTML and Mozilla, b) continues to be an open source project that is used as a component in multiple applications, including two completey different browser UIs from Apple alone (Safari and Mobile Safari, the latter being a far more impressive UI. Safari itself is mostly just minimalist, and that's why I use it, with a few odd gee-whizz features thrown in.). * There's plenty of good software on Mac OS X that adds well thought out Cocoa UI onto a bunch of existing open source frameworks and libraries. Writing stuff from scratch is stupid when the libraries are there for the taking. * OSS and Usability focus are not in conflict. When Panic were so anal about their UI for Mac OS X app Coda that they decided to include a programming font they based it on an open source one. This is not a zero-sum game. Mac OS X is shot through with open source from top to bottom, 1st to 3rd party. * proprietary pressures can corrupt user interfaces. (See iTunes example above) Why doesn't Internet Explorer have spell-checking? Because it threatens Word. Why doesn't Microsoft Office warn you that it's going to remove all the formulas from your ODF spreadsheet? Because it threatens their standards hegemony. Some proprietary software constantly gets in your way because it is trying to impose its will on you. User hostile software is not known for good UI. * Usability without function is worse than function without usability. Recent example: Ego iPhone app breaking because of a Google API change http://log.maniacalrage.net/post/98510137/a-little-over-a-we... Blackboard is the ultimate in enterprisey software for academia. You thought design-by-committee was bad, now you can experience design-by-committe when that committee knows the purchase decision will also be made by another committee. As long as all the little boxes get ticked then no-one cares about anything else. Also, between mergers, acquisitions and plain old bankrupcy I can see this economic downturn being very good for "unkillable" open source alternatives in various markets. When you see how easy it is for people to label, classify and de-humanize the poor that are, apart from poverty, indistinguishable from them you no longer wonder at how easily people discriminate against those with different skin color, languages, religion or cultures. Are you confusing the video with the live, interactive demo? You need Windows or Java for the latter, as far as I can tell. This reminds me of the recent Postgres vs. MySQL discussion in that the Postgres users/developers were so convinced of their superiority they didn't bother with all the little things like easy installs on windows and so lost to an inferior (in certain ways) foe. I like Opera as a company but their desktop UI has always had a clunky, KDE-like feel to it. It's configurable enough that you can change it quite radically but they start with lots of stuff turned on. Well one issue is the Cleartype is, somewhat unbelievably, worse than the standard Windows rasterisation for text at display sizes, where you would most want to use custom fonts: http://jontangerine.com/log/2008/11/display-type-and-the-ras... Personally, even with that caveat, I don't think the accessibility trade-offs make sense to ditch the built in system for some 3rd party hack. That's never stopped web designers before though. Seems like a bit of a fluff piece. I doubt it will change one iota. Mark Shuttleworth, bizarelly, hits the nail on the head with his blog entry about University generally called "It’s the ability to learn tools, not the tools themselves": http://www.markshuttleworth.com/archives/28 "I hated economics at university because it epitomised the disposability of old knowledge. The problem was that first-year economics was basically a history lesson disguised as a science lesson. We learned one classical set of ways of looking at the world, and how to apply them to assess an economy. This was a bit like learning science circa 1252 and being told that you need to be able to draw up an alchemical recipe for lead-to-gold conversions that could pass for authentic in that era. Then in second year they said “luckily, the world has since decided that those ideas are utter crap, you can’t really manage an economy using them, but here’s a new set of ideas about economics”. So we set about learning economics circa 1910, and being expected to reproduce the thinking of the Alan Greenspan’s of that era. The same people who orchestrated 1929-1935 and all the economic joy that brought the world. We knew when we were studying it that the knowledge was obsolete. And of course, when I looked into the things we were supposed to study in third year, fourth year and masters economics programs the pattern repeated itself." I'm assuming he studied economics in South Africa, it's the same in the UK. I'm guessing it applies in the US too. Ars Technica recently referred to one of the moments that, according to this account, made America what it was. They draw a parallel with current filesharing lawsuits and point out that in the past the government favoured thieves ('squatters') over the property owners. http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2008/03/copyright-cr... It's also a minor subplot in the Deadwood TV series. Good. Tabs still suck. I remember when content from one would bleed into the other and all the other misc problems caused by re-inventing windowing within apps. It's gotten better, bit by bit. But I still lose web pages in tabs and while Safari has a Window menu that lists each window, it only lists the frontmost tab of each. "the spectre of protectionism is emerging "? " new borrowing and spending"? " new subsidies and bailouts"? You give the impression that you only started paying attention to what your government does in the last few months. These things have gone on for decades (at the very least). The article actually says that they're going to go with Windows and Office unless various groups (Socialist Party, Free Software fans) can kick up enough fuss about it. Windows incompatibility? That's probably the major reason for Joe Q Public to pass on it, even before they notice the rest. It also doesn't (yet?) do suspend and resume, which is a bit of a buzz-kill. Personally I applaud experiments on how low you can go with processing power and still have a usable (for some definition of usable) laptop/netbook. I'm pleasantly surprised at how much I can get done on my iPhone. And this seems driven by some real needs within China. It also seems notable that it's being actively marketed as fully free software compliant from the BIOS up. I've been checking out ARM stuff and the upcoming netbooks all seem (from speculation/guesswork) to have various proprietary blobs in them, particularly for graphics, which will hinder Linux getting the most out of them. A summary based on what I've read elsewhere: rtmpdump is a stream recorder that can save videos streamed by Adobe Flash's RTMP protocol Adobe has a more "secure" version of that called RTMPE surprise! it's not really secure. Analysis: http://lkcl.net/rtmp/RTMPE.txt Quote: "the Adobe RTMPE algorithm tries to provide end-to-end secrecy in exactly the same way that SSL provides end-to-end secrecy, but the algorithm is subject to man-in-the-middle attacks, provides no security, relies on publicly obtainable information and the algorithm itself to obfuscate the content, and uses no authentication of any kind." So the DMCA anti-circumvention provision makes this software illegal in the US, even though the "protection" that has been circumvented is laughable. Apparently that could be a basis for a challenge, i.e. nothing has been circumvented as there is no protection there in the first place. (Odd note: the examples of content that could be infringed are shows on a British channel. As far as I'm aware this software is legal in the UK) Totally undermines his own point with this quote: "No doubt the majority of that loss in millionaire filings results from the recession". I'm laughing at the thought of "millionaires" that went to all the trouble of moving to another state only to find that they weren't worth that much anymore and the cost of relocating outweighed the unexpectedly low tax benefits. I once listened to a stats professor bemoaning that he had to teach stats to various groups of students in their first year when they didn't know enough about their own subjects for him to use any relevant examples. Since stats on it's own can be a bit abstract that's a double whammy. Eric von Hippel's book "Democratizing Innovation" talks about this. The book is primarily about how end users more than ever are driving innovation, but he provides plenty of historical evidence of this being possible for a long time. There is a chapter that analyses the type of innovation that a user is likely to make versus the innovations a tool producer is likely to make. A user has the domain knowledge to realize that e.g. a tool with a particular shape might be necessary. A tool producer has the knowledge of metallurgy or tool production to realize that some new alloy might be a better fit for the type of stresses that this tool requires. He also notes that not all users will innovate, it will primarily be what he calls "lead users". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lead_user The book is CC licenced and available for free download. It's got far more insight than this glib blog entry: http://web.mit.edu/evhippel/www/democ1.htm Last time I checked Google Chrome didn't support audio or video either, nor had they made any announcement about codec support when they did. Apple, Opera & Mozilla all support the HTML5 but Apple supports H.264 with AAC, the others support Ogg Theora and Vorbis. It would be a major coup if the owners of Youtube came out for non-proprietary audio and video codecs. I'm fairly sure I've read research claiming that this effect is a big part of the effectiveness of fad diets i.e. not having two different coloured foods touching or only having carbs if the day of the month is even may be stupid rules but by observing them you have your focus brought to what you're eating. He's not really contrasting "static websites" vs. "a blog", he's contrasting hiring someone with "HTML skills" to build a website vs. running a basic CMS, which is what a blogging platform like Wordpress is. It amuses me that there is still good money to be made from lying to paranoid rightsholders about how great your DRM scheme is. Not only do we get middlemen, we get middlement that either don't understand their own technology or are happy to lie about it. Unsurprisingly they don't go into details about how this all works, but if it can deliver standard font files to browsers that support @font-face then the font can be downloaded and used. It's on a par with javascript hacks to prevent right clicking on images. That doesn't even begin to approach reality, and sounds more like a list of talking points you've picked up from somewhere than a genuine opinion. I'm getting really sick of Microsoft's new "we can't even begin thinking about implement anything until after it's a fully approved standard" while churning out their own proprietary, unstandardized competitors to those same standards. It's so brazen it's insulting. Bit saddened to read this quote: “Open-source software has become a means to an end,” says Forrester’s Mr Hammond. “Most firms don’t really care that it is libre, as in freedom, but that it is gratis, as in beer.” a) because "gratis, as in beer" is a simply ridiculous turn of phrase, and b) the previous paragraph has a far more insightful comment that totally repudiates this: "But cost is not the only reason for open source’s growing popularity. Many firms now know that it offers more flexibility than proprietary programs, the licences for which often include restrictions on how they can be used" The forrester guy appears to be trying to say "Companies aren't interested in the politics of free software, they just don't like having intrusive controls and limitations placed on what they can do with the software" i.e. he's entirely missed the point of Free Software and has just mentally labelled it as "political" or "religious" and so ignores it. According to the web page this video was recorded for teaching high school students. That might make it an easier introduction. Maybe I'm paranoid but isn't he basically saying that the demos don't reflect what's possible today in a shipping device i.e. the proverbial "vapourware". Other comments, here and elsewhere, reflect everyone loving this, yet when I watch the demos I think a) that's not actually possible, and far more importantly b) even if it was possible, it doesn't look like fun. And this shouldn't be hard because Microsoft enforces maximum specs on the XP machines leaving a gap in the market for "top-end netbooks" which people seem to think is an oxymoron. I'm very much in the market for an ARM-based, linux netbook with a Pixel Qi screen. I think it would blow the Kindle out the water as an e-book reader (hardware-wise, access to content not so much). This is not a blow to "Linux" on the desktop or netbook, quite the reverse. While I don't fully understand it's appeal it's a fact that to get Android running with wireless/suspend and all the other fiddly bits you've got to get the lower levels of "Linux" on the hardware. That's all GPL so voila, Gnome/KDE or whatever is pretty much ready to roll. Hardware support is the problem. If they're fixing that while chasing some Android buzz then I'm not going to look a gift horse in the mouth. Dapper's Dapp Factory: http://www.dapper.net/dapp-factory.jsp Very impressed by the UI on that one. Didn't you just say the same thing as the guy you replied to? From your first line I was expecting a rebuttal. Yes, and Microsoft's attitude to Open Source and Free Software is well known for its rationality and basis in fact. Anyone building their smartphone around a hardware keyboard is essentially admitting Apple has won. Apple have been very vocal about not having a physical keyboard, clearly they feel the benefits outweigh the costs. Everyone else is fighting over the scraps that are left behind. I'm not saying that's a bad business decision, it's just not some noble adventure in customer satisfaction when you're a) playing by someone else's rules and b) doing the obvious , easy and safe thing because they've already spent years staking out the innovative ground. Yeah, they basically switched off a bunch of stuff in the full Mozilla suite (now Seamonkey) but it was only later (for certain things much later) that they actually removed unused code and focused on speed and memory. So anyone who thinks that Firefox had "Features", "Speed" or "Lightweight" as original killer features is deluded. They did on the other hand have a fairly stripped down and therefore non-threatening usable UI (now leapfrogged in that regard by Chrome and Safari), extensions, being both open source and free of cost (without being ad supported), faking native Windows UI reasonably well, and not being IE6 in their favor. The key missing element is that it will make noise even if in silent mode. Obviously just ringing a lost phone has been a standard "feature" since the first mobile was released. Is it just me or is anyone else saddened when data like this is accumulated in a non-shareable manner? We have the capabilities to crowdsource and replicate IMDB with free data, but the continued existence of IMDB removes the impetus. Now the same will happen with concert history. Given the explosion of creativity unleashed by open source software I'm disappointed whenever we're not building the same for data. You can drag'n'drop the file too. And for blinking ads in the background try either Option-Command-H (Hide everything else) or Spaces. Yes I know that's not the answer you want, but just in case it helps you or anyone else. Flash video didn't win because it was customizable, it won because it was available on both Windows and Macs, and actually installed on a big bunch of them. Note this is despite inferior quality compared with the other plugins. Note that Flash video now provides H.264/AAC codecs that are already built into my Mac, my iPhone and Google Chrome. What exactly is it adding there to make up for the fact that it's not on my iPhone, and it's a crashy resource hogging POS on the Mac? This was the only sane choice for them, but a real gamble too since it's a widely used-standard which breaks their lock-in. Now, H.264 has a lot going for it, but it's fundamentally incompatible with Open Source. And if it wasn't for Open Source then we'd all still be using IE6 and the web as we know it today simply wouldn't exist. Flash, Silverlight etc. aren't going to go away any time soon, but the Theora codecs are both pragmatic and idealistic choices for the web. You can already get Firefox plugins that encode video, and there's serious work happening on webapps for editing video. Smothering all that innovation with codec licences incompatible with open source would be crazy. It's not supposed to be a good idea. It's Microsoft trying to make the EU regulators look stupid. They will take the blame for this despite them preferring to have competing browsers available from a first run menu. Microsoft clearly believes that a simple choice would be bad for them so they're making it so that a) the consumer who buys an OS has to go out and get a browser, and they're hoping Internet Explorer will get greater share than otherwise, and more importantly b) the OEMs will, in the main, install IE and only IE which has much more effect as that is how 95% of people get their OS, with a new machine purchase. Couple of basic factual errors: Google Chrome is shipping Theora/Vorbis. They ship it as well as H.264 in Chrome, but without H.264 in Chromium (as they can't licence the patents). Opera has had Theora/Vorbis supporting builds for a while. It seems very likely they will go with Theora when they launch full support. Note also that Xiph Qicktime codecs allow Safari to use Theora as well. These codecs should just intsall from the net when you encounter such a file, but while we wait for Apple to get around to that they could easily be piggy backed onto one of the many pieces you need to install to get all video working well on Mac OS X (Perian, VLC, mplayer, or even Mozilla Firefox) It may only be mediocre or "good enough", but it is "free". If you don't understand the importance of that to the web then congratulations on your lack of "ideology". Or maybe letting some random corporations place a tax a vital part of our technical infrastructure in return for marginal technical benefits is an ideology, just not a very good one? That's what Google Gears is. There's also been various talks about replacing the Javascript engine in IE (ScreamingMonkey project), ActiveX video/audio players using Ogg codecs, Google's got a project to implement Canvas in IE and an unreleased one implemeting SVG using IE's VML support etc. A surprising number of things can be achieved with Javascript shims. I thought he was going to point out that there isn't a competition, because they can work together. Instead he (an Adobe employee) says (paraphrasing only slightly) that there is a competition and Adobe Flash wins because the open web sucks. Way to win friends and influence people. It's good that Flash developers know so little about the web. They're not going to know what's hit them. He's not clicked that google gears is a plugin that implements html5 in older browsers, even as he calls it out for cheating by doing exactly that. I also look forward to the irony of delivering (the technically superb) Ogg Vorbis audio to IE via Flash. Doesn't IE8 support some of HTML5? Doesn't that make it obvious that the "unfinished" line is total BS to justify strategic standards compliance manouvres? Note they use the exact same excuse for dodgy ODF in Office and surely no one is gullible enough to believe Microsoft has a sincere desire to deliver on that standard. There used to be a joke in economics: "computers are showing up everywhere, except for the productivity statistics". Why is antitrust something people are proud to be ignorant of? And why do they then go on to write screeds that only make sense if you are ignorant of antitrust and/or Microsoft's behaviour? It's all very odd, I really don't understand why this is considered acceptable. Why would you expect Java to be supported by RMS and the FSF before it was fully open sourced? That's fairly basic to their worldview. Throwing out absurd accusations about them trying to protect C/C++ makes you seem a bit partisan on this issue. Did you miss them suing Tom Tom for VFAT? Some info on the latest patent workaround suggested for the kernel: http://lwn.net/Articles/338941/ They claim to have another 250 such patents. It's sad that the BBC had sufficient rights that they could sell the tapes outright but didn't feel any compulsion to simply make the films available themselves. How many other such gems are rotting in thier archives? I think the archimedes link is that boats in the lock displace their own weight in water, this means you can have two different weights of boat yet the two chambers will still counterbalance exactly. You ever wonder why there isn't any other good office apps? Is it perhaps because a several time convicted monopoly abuser is using the power granted to it by its multiple interlocking monopolies to prevent this from happening? I'll not even get into their shenanigans with ODF and ISO but did you ever noticed that IE doesn't have a spellchecker. What a strange omission from a modern browser, unless of course you have a monopoly in the OS, the browser and Office software and can happily screw customers to maintain them. Half of web 2.0 is built on a reverse engineered feature from IE that was only put in so that users of Exchange could have a superior "web" experience as long as they used IE and not an actual browser. A lot of people use "HTML5" in a very vague manner. One of the principle goals of HTML5 is to fully reverse-engineer and document some of Internet Explorer's behaviour so that the other browsers can duplicate it (even in failure scenarios). So a fair bit of HTML5 is already implemented by Microsoft whether they like it or not. Some other aspects of HTML5 have indeed been adopted by Microsoft and implemented in IE8. http://a.deveria.com/caniuse/#agents=trident&eras=All... What's going to "kill" Flash and Silverlight, is specific parts of HTML5 such as audio, video and canvas tags which Microsoft have no interest in supporting as it's against their business interests. Both the need for a Microsoft desktop OS and Silverlight are called into question by useful web standards. What will (continue to) happen is people using whatever bits of the standards they can and falling back to some mix of Javascript, Proprietary IE features and/or Flash. This is standard operating practice for any serious web development. How do you think Google can use SVG in it's maps when that's not supported by IE? When you say "simple Flash-style animations" did you mean to say "annoying advertisements"? Quote: "Epstein is an analyst at the Ayn Rand Center for Individual Rights." You can guess the rest from that and the title. Interestingly you can deliver vorbis audio natively, via Java, and via Flash 10 (see https://launchpad.net/fogg ), so for audio you only need one format for 99% coverage. And despite that fact no-one talks about it, Vorbis is actually state of the art, competitive with both AAC and AAC-HE at their respective sweet spots but without the problem of AAC-HE degrading badly on decoders that only support AAC (e.g. Apple stuff). (Vorbis is also patent clear, used widely by big companies, well supported in hardware, and music seems to have moved away from DRM so it basically trumps every objection made to Theora.) For video, though people like to talk about H.264 as if it was a single codec, it's actually a family or toolkit designed to go from web video on small portable devices up to Hollywood Blue-Ray on 100" projector televisions. (I've seen people seriously claim Theora is unsuitable as a standard web codec because it doesn't handle film grain as well as H.264. Film grain!) Unfortunately you can't encode one H.264 stream that'll work on everything as encode and decode complexity ramp up harshly as you move up the profiles. I predict that since the iPhone (and similar) is the hot platform right now, and it doesn't have Flash, you'll see a lot of places following Kroc Camen's lead and encoding twice, one for Theora and one for iPhone compatible H.264 which will then be deliver by Flash for non-Theora platforms. http://camendesign.com/code/video_for_everybody The kicker here is that iPhone compatible H.264 is far from the best possible quality you could squeeze out for desktop use, but is more than good enough for most folks so the two videos will be basically equivalent in quality. I think this is the way to go for everyone newbie or not. If you're not going to be deploying on OS X then why develop under it. VirtualBox with your deployment system on Mac OS X gives you the best of all possible worlds. I think a great deal of Apple's growth has been due to them being so cornered that they had to turn to open standards. One of the big draws of the iPod originally was that it played mp3s. That seems ridiculous in hindsight but Sony was pushing Atrac and Microsoft was pushing WMA. (If you ripped your CD on Windows for a while, not only would it do it in WMA format but it would add DRM which meant your music stopped working when you re-installed). I'm not saying Apple doesn't still try to pull proprietary moves when it thinks it can get away with it, but I do think "Apple=Proprietary" is some kind of zombie meme from the last century and overstates the case. As an example Apple got called out for "proprietary" headphones on the first iPhone just because they recessed it for greater structural integrity, yet even now it is a "feature" on most phones if they have a standard headphone jack. I'm somewhat surprised that "Free" as a concept gets people so hot under the collar. Like the concept of "Open Source" or "The Selfish Gene" people seem to become enraged by the very thought of it and end up responding to straw men of their own creation. I've not read the Anderson book but anything I've read by him on the topic seems almost boringly obvious to me, and I would assume anyone who spends much time online. I can understand people not liking it if their industry and therefore livelihoods are under threat, but for anyone else it's seems too banal to get worked up about. Here's John Gruber reacting in a bizarrely prickly manner when readers pointed out that they are consuming his ad supported blog for "free": "Daring Fireball is decidedly not free. It’s simply a question of who gets charged. Readers don’t, but sponsors and advertisers do. What makes it work so well (so far) is that this makes everyone happy. I’m earning a nice salary. Readers get to read my writing in exchange for a small portion of their attention which I direct toward ads. And sponsors and advertisers are happy to pay a fair price to reach an audience of good-looking, intelligent readers such as yourself. But there’s nothing free about it." I can't connect that in any sane way to what I've read from Anderson, only to some "freetard" (I really dislike that word) caricature of his position. I fear Gruber would have a stroke if I pointed out that probably most (and the best) of my online reading matter is both produced and delivered without direct payment or advertisment. Well worth reading the follow ups and discussions. This has been like a geek version of The West Wing. Bottom line is you can't adopt anything that requires royalties for the web. You just can't. From then on it's just politics and "arguing on the internet". It's also a real travesty that the furore over video has eclipsed the unarguable case for Vorbis as the default audio codec. The next big move for Theora fans (apart from the more obvious: lots and lots of compelling Theora content) is getting Xiph Quicktime Components installed on the 3/4 of Macs that don't use Firefox. Maybe they want to hook up with the Perian guys? I wonder what their install rate is? Interesting stuff, though I'm surprised that the writer concludes that this "craze" is a reality and not just parents getting worked up over nothing as people have in the past about "reefer madness" and various other faddy notions. She does something she calls the PBS documentary on and moves very swiftly from lurid tales of "train parties" to cold stats on teenage experimentation which struck me as a strange leap to make if you weren't trying to imply something the numbers didn't actually show. It did occur to me (as someone old enough to be married with a kid) that since this was published nearly 4 years ago, and given the demographics of hacker news, which seem to skew quite low, that some people here would be able to call this as BS from their own personal experiences. I don't know why you were downvoted. I'm guessing that's exactly why it was pulled. "It was directed by Bobcat Goldthwaite, who rose - and fell from - fame after starring as Zed in the hit Police Academy movies. " There is worse in the enterprise market, where they basically charge exactly what you can afford (sometimes a bit more) ratcheting it up as you get more and more locked-in. Read about software pricing economics and how you just have to suck it up till you hit the "Fuck You Oracle" point here: http://blogs.sun.com/bmc/date/20040828#the_economics_of_soft... Amusingly, it looks like he'll be an Oracle employee since they are now buying Sun. (Note, this is "just business" as far as I'm concerned, i.e. about .7 on the weasel scale. What saddens me is organisations too short-sighted or misinformed to see the trap they are lumbering into as they are too distracted by salesmen with slick powerpoints, particularly if they are governments wasting my tax dollars) You should read this book: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mindset_(book) Telling people they are "smart" or "talented" can make them defensive about that and afraid to fail, or think that putting in effort is a failure in itself. Of course not being afraid to fail, and putting in effort, is how you become "smart" and "talented" in the first place. (It's worth noting the book itself is a bit "American" and fluffy in parts, but the theory is good) Quote from the Wikipedia page: Education: Mindsets have origins, and parents, teachers and coaches happen to be key in their development. Every word or action they send is a message that can be either judgmental or developmental. The problem here is that the majority of the time parents, teachers and coaches do what they think is best for the child, without realizing that they are doing exactly the opposite. Sometimes, by praising children, they diminish them. Praise should be given to the effort and persistence rather than intelligence or talent. For example, if a child worked hard on his homework then he must be recognized, but if another child did the homework without much effort at all, but achieved the expected results, instead of praising him you should give him a more difficult task. The growth mindset in education focuses on expanding the students' knowledge and ways of thinking and investigating the world. Grades are not seen as an end in themselves, but as a means to continue to grow. The best thing to do is to teach children to love challenges, be intrigued by mistakes, enjoy effort, and keep on learning. “Praise should deal, not with the child's personality attributes, but with his efforts and achievements“. - Haim Ginott I really don't understand the anti-GPL folks. I put them in the same mental category as the folk that get so upset by Wikipedia. Yeah, wikipedia's not perfect, neither is the GPL, but they're here and they work, no-one's forcing you to use them so where does all this angst come from? Is it a generational thing? Is any of this reflected in the next generation of hackers or is the GPL just accepted as part of the environment? Someone from Adobe should tell Google that HTML5 wont be ready till the year 2525. The crazy fools are already using it. It's not just that one post. It's become a real "talking point" for Adobe employees and pops up everywhere. Hey, where'd that comment go? To be fair, while the people he quotes are nutters, the overall thread isn't totally terrible. Most of the complaints seem to be from people with some kind of OCD-style distaste for non-XML tag languages because they view them as sloppy, no matter how well specified. An Apple representative has reached out to Xiph and their lawyers (SFLC) to make another attempt to address the (overblown, imho) submarine patent issue to the satisfaction of Apple's lawyers and so add support for Theora and Vorbis. So the story isn't over for Theora as the HTML5 video standard yet. http://lists.xiph.org/pipermail/theora/2009-July/002415.html It's worth pointing out that no-one has suggested H.264 as a recommended codec, not even Apple or Google who are both shipping H.264 support. Since it is patent encumbered it simply doesn't pass the first test for getting into a W3C standard. You'd be as well to suggest Flash or Silverlight be added to the spec, it would get shot down just as quick. Apple apparently tried to get one of the less advanced H.264 profiles made royalty free, so it could go into the standard, but was getting pushback from some of the other patent holders in the MPEG-LA. That would have been interesting as it would have been a "first hit is free" kind of deal, where Safari/Quicktime would be able to support the higher levels of H.264 but Mozilla/Chromium/Linux wouldn't and Opera presumably would refuse to do so on principle. Doesn't your last line completely undermine your argument and your moral authority to comment on fanboys? I'm not an expert, but I'm dubious about that comment. For starters "designed with hardware implementations in mind" is a double edged sword. It seems to me that H.264 used this as a crutch to a degree that maybe only makes sense if selling decoding chips is part of your revenue stream. But it appears that even "hardware" implementations of H.264 don't even use ASICs anymore. They just use a seperate, but generic, chip with DSP. It's sometimes treated as a hardware black box by the rest of the system but inside it's software: http://lwn.net/Articles/337101/ There's an OMAP version of Theora being built right now, (sponsored by Mozilla I tihnk) but I can't find the link right now. That should reset people's expectations somewhat in this regard. It's somewhat amusing that it's Apple holding out hardware implementations as the key when for years they've included chipsets in their desktops and laptops with decoding ability that they've simply not used. This has now changed with Snow Leopard, but even then it's only one video card: ""While Apple has previously included graphics cards that have contained hardware support for H.264 decoding, the company has only recently taken advantage of this hardware acceleration. Mac OS X Snow Leopard's specs officially acknowledge this support but it appears to be limted to the NVIDIA 9400M graphics processors found in recent Apple laptops and desktops," Kim reports. "Unfortunately, it does not appear that this support will extend to older video cards," Kim reports. "Hardware decoding of H.264 video improves the performance of video playback while leaving your computer's CPU free for other tasks." http://macdailynews.com/index.php/weblog/comments/21409/ Here's a planning discussion from a few months ago on Fennec (aka Firefox Mobile) and it's support of the Video tag http://archive.netbsd.se/?ml=mozilla-dev-planning&a=2009... There's a summary post at the very end which says, Theora on portable hardware with DSP acceleration is very doable, and that they have a suitably qualified volunteer to do it. "On performance: * Right now we're getting 1-2fps with decoding video (wasn't sure what size, though?) * Some people on the call had done testing and it's possible to do 24fps at VGA resolution of Theora decoding, not including YUV -> RGB conversion and without the painting overhead. This was on a 200mhz ARM chip. So we know it can go fast. * It's very possible to port that decoding code to a DSP chip - someone did it at broadcom and was able to get 720p decoding at full speed on a 125mhz DSP chip. So we know this is possible. * In theory because of the design of Theora we should be able to do better than H.264 in terms of performance and be able to match on power consumption as well. " Here is a mail confirming that the work is underway: http://www.mail-archive.com/whatwg@lists.whatwg.org/msg15730... Some more sophisticated analysis from the author in the comment thread: "I did read the Ars article, which similarly voices the "free codec is good, international standards body specifications are evil" thing everyone has been repeating. The bottom line is that x264 is GPL so the whole "Linux users can't use H.264 video" is simply wrong, and in the big picture Mozilla and Opera don't really matter. Once Chrome starts gaining traction, do you really think Google will see any need to dump $50 million on the remains of Netscape's ashes? And what purpose does Opera serve other than to make the EU feel like it has some say in the browser market?" Sounds like someone pissed in his cheerios. Bloody fanboys. I don't think you're correct about the gstreamer backend. Some Mozilla-based projects use Gstreamer (Songbird for one), and I believe they're having discussions about a future collaboration for accessing user's video cameras in the browser but Mozilla don't want to support any old codecs. Their mission as a non-profit is to support the open web, and promoting royalty-free codecs fits with that mission. They can make a difference by actively choosing not to do stuff, just like at one point in the past they refused to support ActiveX despite having code available. It would have made Firefox a more useful browser at the cost of making the web less open. "In standard-definition encoding, it's even superior to modern proprietary codecs such as H.264" That's arguably true in some senses, but not in the way most people will take it and it's not really backed up by your link. Theora only needs one qualification, being in the clear with respect to patents. If Apple's lawyers don't find anything (and it's an interesting question as to whether Apple would be pleased if they did) then there's still a chance Apple will support it. I was confused by this recent comment: http://lists.xiph.org/pipermail/theora/2009-June/002362.html "We can't ship gstreamer. We don't ship under the LGPL. That being said, we can link to it on Linux. We would just need something for the Mac and Windows as well." Though the mentions of Fennec and the fact that some mobile folk have adopted Gstreamer for DSP accelerated decoding might make it useful there too. Charlie Brooker review of the program: http://www.guardian.co.uk/culture/2009/jul/04/being-neil-arm... Looks like Fennec on Nokia 810 is the first target: http://iloapp.mikek.dk/blog/developer?Home&post=44 The stated reason for that was that Carriers and Telcos wanted to build on Android and were put off by the GPL. (Though obviously not put off enough that they'd reject the GPL'd Linux that runs beneath it) Google's approach to licences is far more nuanced than blind adherance or avoidance of any particular licence. Absolutely no new info, and some of the speculation doesn't even make sense. Avoid. The name is both relevant and ironic. They called the browser Chrome because part of the mission was to strip back the browser's chrome (i.e. its UI) and give prominence to the web content. This philosophy is likely to be applied to the OS too. "The OS or the browser?" The OS only exists to provide the browser, which in turn only exists to provide the web. As others have pointed out, no-one (non-geek) knows what a browser is, I doubt they'd do much better with questions about operating systems. Adobe are working on full Flash 10 for ARM-based linux on netbooks and smartphone platforms, due for next year. Whether Google wants or needs it is another question. This was reposted from Appleinsider, discussion of that here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=691844 Also, historical note from MacUser, Jan 1997: "For the last word I'll hand over to John Carmack, Technical Director of ID Software, who used NeXTSTEP to develop Doom and parts of Quake (that's right!): "We developed lots of products under dos (mostly borland c++), and never want to again. We went through five major iterations of our tools under DOS, and they are all junk below our first iteration of NS tools. You can't really just point at specific things and claim superiority. It is the complete package that has the appeal. NS is the best tool I have found for MY development work." from http://www.paullynch.org/NeXTSTEP/NeXTSTEP.TechReview.html That's a common misconception. When the iPhone was first released, development was restricted to web apps and they didn't have access to any API. The fact that it was javascript and HTML was mostly tangential to the complaints of people who wanted to install (and sell) local apps, with access to the unique hardware, though obviously existing Cocoa coders, 3D game programmers and anyone needing to get close to the metal weren't going to be happy even if these other elements were taken care of. On the other hand "fart apps" and things that are basically light wrappers round existing web apps have no such problem. See the Palm Pre for someone taking this to it's logical extreme. I liked Fake Steve Jobs when it first came out, some of it was really harsh but funny. But I was always slightly perturbed by the "freetard" stuff which seemed out of place for a Steve Jobs parody, and whenever they came up a strangely pro-micrsoft stance appeared too. When I found out that those bits where the opinions of the real author (Dan Lyons) leaking through I found that ruined it somewhat for me. Well just like Linux, Apache, MySQL and Mozilla it's based on technology going back years (decades in some cases). You can easily confuse people by saying something is a "70s era", or "mid-90s" technology because they'll infer that whatever you are pushing is current, even if it too is built on top of technology of the same era. See my quote of his opinions on non-Apple browsers if you're still wondering whether this author is trollish or not: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=692354 HTML5 Drag'n'Drop: http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#dnd Gears as a Bleeding Edge HTML5 implementation: http://almaer.com/blog/gears-as-a-bleeding-edge-html-5-imple... Why is this different (and/or simpler) from printing to a PDF file from your browser? Am I wrong or is this just not true: "Google's recent development work on applications for mobile devices has often been delivered exclusively as applications for their own Android platform instead of as iPhone applications" I don't own an Android phone so maybe there's lots going on I'm not aware of but there seems to be plenty of stuff developed for a) any browser, b) any decent browser, c) iPhones specifically, d) java smartphones, e) Windows, f) Mac, g) Linux. He state's this is what Microsoft was like 5 or 10 years ago, and yet I think this is still true of Microsoft today. Certainly Microsoft sales folk I've recently come into contact with seem to be actively denying the existance of other browsers in relation to Sharepoint stuff. It's not quite as simple as searching the net for a suitable image which is entirely legal in the US and may be legal in the UK too. It's also not simple to take such a photgraph of these paintings as the gallery prohibits it. I was going to post the same link but for the subtleties of the wikimedia policy, e.g. Photos of coins aren't public domain but flatbed scans are. How did such a lame fanboy rant get upmodded so highly? Wii sales are double Xbox 360 and PS3, the sales of Wii Fit (bluetooth connected bathroom scales!) are more comparable in number. Microsoft invested Billions in this and after two generations they're sparring with a self-destructing Sony for a distant second place. I agree that it's not all about games or marketshare, but building a big, noisy, failure-prone box and backing the wrong horse in Hi-Def media aren't exactly great moves in the media centre space even if the latter failure got them belatedly onto the right track of movie downloads. To see the difference between "for the benefit of publishers" and "for the benefit of consumers who read what the publishers create" you just have to ask which applies to retroactive copyright term extension. That to me is the act of an entity that is "intent on trading our freedoms for money". I'd say that similar is true of any rich industry that lobbies for laws to protect their outmoded business models. Isn't a tax on imported sugar a minor loss in freedom that results in a major increase in money for certain groups. I note it repeats the lie that Microsoft took IE out because of an EU ruling. I can only hope this plan backfires on them and people install Firefox or Chrome instead. As I said, that line you quote, from this very article, is not true. That makes my point both relevant and correct "Microsoft bashing" and you, on the other hand, are just misled by the very PR spin I'm calling attention to. Can you show me a link to this "ruling"? No you can't. Why not? Because it's not happened yet. And when it does happen, the EU has been pushing for the installation of multiple browsers with a choice at startup. Removing their own browser from the Euro version was an attempt by Microsoft to head off that ruling. Obviously they felt that either a) people would be more likely to install Internet Explorer this way, and/or b) that the negative reaction could be skilfully deflected onto the EU. Sadly, part b) appears to be working judging by our posts relative scoring at least, again I can only hope they're wrong about a) and this leads to a further increase in market share for non-Microsoft browsers in Europe. Of course these "productive organizations" often also have portfolios of patents that they use to prevent small businesses entering their market. And they often spin-off separate companies to act as patent trolls. The whole thing is rotten but to many people profit from it for it to change any time soon. Unfortunately there's plenty of non-"sensible" companies out there. The most recent example was Atari using ScummVM for Wii games: http://sev-notes.blogspot.com/2009/06/gpl-scummvm-and-violat... Also notable was the long running Cisco case where every time the FSF thought they'd reached an agreement it would be revealed that yet another product violated the GPL. http://www.fsf.org/blogs/licensing/2008-12-cisco-complaint As does Safari (inc iPhone) via HTML5 video tags. They published a paper on how they intend to increase browser security. Silent updates was a big factor because, basically, most internet users don't have a clue what they're doing. "Why Silent Updates Boost Security" http://www.techzoom.net/publications/silent-updates/ I think this must be a troll. The first couple of paragraphs are a reasonable executive summary of GPL's lack of affect on service providers, and then this gem: "the gpl serves to rigidly control what you can and cannot do with software covered by it, and is thus the license equivalent of digital rights management." I wouldn't be surprised if IE6 outlasted IE7 as all the people who could upgrade from IE6 (not locked down corporate machines that need to access outdated intranet sites) have no reason to stay on IE7 either. In that respect I think and hope he's wrong. If anyone's writing internal business apps today that will only ever work on one version of one browser then they should be taken out and shot. I'm surprised by the amount of negative reaction the Wikipedia stance is getting, seems pretty sensible to me, not to mention ethically sound. This guy doesn't seem to have much of a point. He thinks this is a case of "tragedy of the commons" when really, since you can't use up a digital image by looking at it or duplicating it, it's really a case of Public Goods ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_good ) and the problems they have. Why build a lighthouse if you can't charge people and exclude those who don't pay? Standard answer, get the government to do it and force people to pay via taxation. Since most of these museums are government funded already, problem solved. I also don't understand the reference to the Van Gogh ( http://www.xconomy.com/national/2009/07/17/art-isnt-free-the... ). It seems like US institutions are pulling the same kind of nonsense, even after a court ruling against it. Are you sure "computer software pricing isn't driven into the ground"? Seems to me a lot of software aimed at standard PC's is free or ad supported. More so if you consider web apps or online Flash games. Well Chrome is quite new and Safari uptake has increased with Mac marketshare, so having these two with some respectable share is a new, and I think positive, thing. People need to develop for "the web" not for a particular browser. I think they're on the case with that: "Some of our hardware designs make it easy to photograph all the pages in a book without harming the book. Other designs allow you to remove the binding so the pages can be dropped into a sheet-fed scanner. Whichever method you use, the resulting images can be processed with our software to make user-friendly files in a variety of formats." Well if they can shift from IBM to Microsoft, I'm sure they can shift again if Microsoft actually embraces FLOSS to any great extent. Which further undermines the original point claiming that FSF just parrot the opposite of whatever Microsoft say. They don't need to have a master plan. Just leaving ammo lying around when a future Microsoft could have any of a million reasons to use it is the problem. They should just offer this directly. You shouldn't have to first declare it "spam" (which I would feel bad about if it was something I'd signed up for), nor should I have to scrabble about in the small print for a link that might then expect me to log in with a password. Maybe Google could push for a standard unsubscribe mechanism with the driver being that you're more likely to get falsely accused of being spam if you don't offer people an easy way out. I don't think this makes any sense for Apple (though it might for some other companies). The fundamental flaw is that people are already paying Apple quite tidy sums for something that does the same task as a netbook. (I subscribe to the notion that net books should be permanently net-connected, so I'm talking iPhone, not iPod Touch). All the keyboard shenanigans doesn't sound like Apple at all, particularly when you consider that they could have done exactly this with the iPhone but haven't. In fact it seems they may have gone out of their way to stop bluetooth keyboards (or alternative text entry devices) from working with the iPhone. What worries me isn't YouTube but the chicken and egg situation where you can't make web-based business apps using modern web features because some folks are locked to IE6, and no-one will upgrade from IE6 because there's no compelling business applications. Obviously this is happening, but obviously IE6 is slowing things down in this area even more than the open consumer web. This is what Eucalyptus is ( http://www.eucalyptus.com/ ) and apparently it's no coincidence that the next Ubuntu is called Koala: http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2009/02/ubuntus-koala-t/ I've not been paying attention lately but for the first few generations of iPods, the manufacturing scale and some key prepayments for flash memory (they just recently prepaid another half-billion(!) to samsung) meant that iPods were very price competitive. It appears to be very difficult for people to see this though. When the original iPod came out, some people were claiming it was over-priced while other people were removing the hard-drive and selling it on for more than the cost of the entire iPod. Also if, when you compare Macs and PCs, you do so in terms of "HW power" then you are missing the biggest part of their value proposition: software. Apple did not start from scratch in 2002. Mac OS X got it's first (server) release in 1999. And even that was a reboot of Nextstep which was originally released in 1989. Of course, the whole point of Chrome OS is (apparently) to not have a traditional GUI and apps, just a browser, which is most of the stuff Apple had to add onto BSD. I find Matt Assay's columns pretty weird. This one, like many others, comes close to being stream of consciousness yet I always feel there is some coherent, yet alien to me, worldview in which it all makes sense. I mean it's all very well to say that the licence isn't everything and achieving your goals of "freedom" requires a more holistic approach, but to follow that up with using Microsoft as an example of someone who can attract developers? It's a mind-bogglingly obtuse non sequitur . His closing line: "So long as it's the customer that takes center stage in the debate, I'm convinced we won't go wrong." The key word here is "customer". A free app to act as a remote control for Spotify would be nice. The built in Apple one is pretty great for iTunes. That's a terrible headline. I find it inspiring that someone in India can "remix" Fedora to account for the fact that they have no software patents in their country and often limited bandwidth which means a more up to date install disc makes sense. It's a good expression of what makes FLOSS special. I'm not sure how you get from there to the headline though. This is closer in spirit to someone slipstreaming Service Pack 2 onto the XP install. It no more fragments the Fedora user base than letting users change desktop backgrounds or install applications. "I am voluntarily going to make my own life a bit worse because I believe in certain principles" Strangely, if people say things like this before they are, and I quote, "getting fucked" then they get called names like "zealot" and are looked down on for not being rational or "pragmatic" . So remember there was a flurry of talk about what was going to kill Flash a few months back? This (meaning Google's fairly clear intention to make some kind of royalty free video codec from what it's just bought) has just killed Flash and moved the web forward about 5 years. I wonder if they'll create a new standard around the technology (perhaps pair it with the Ogg container format or with Vorbis audio, run it past some standards org like IETF) and/or release it as is. It's a fairly big move for Linux Multimedia support too. Youtube already has specialist interfaces for smartphones, iPhones, Big screen TVs, and 6 or 7 different Flash versions based on quality/bitrate, size and codec. They can easily add another using HTML5, particularly if it provides a better experience for those using Google's Chrome browser or OS. YouTube native on the iPhone was already a major blow to Flash (as was the whole touchscreen phone/computer paradigm). This will kill it (in conjunction with a bunch of other stuff Google is pushing under the umbrella of HTML5). Video in Flash has always been an aberration created by dodgy patents, licensing considerations and competitive posturing of big companies, now the market can correct itself and Flash (for video and otherwise) is going to have to compete on its own merits. In brief: dead man walking. a) the whole hardware acceleration thing is 99% myth. The core elements of standard video codecs are all accelerated the same way. Apple (ironically) buying a combined hardware/software solution for its devices that it doesn't have the right or the capability to upgrade is a radically different proposition from no acceleration possible/available. b) Apple was making those statements from a position of strength, they didn't have to be particularly convincing or true to work in that political forum. Though they're still holding a lot of cards, they're much weaker in a world with a technically acceptable, Google-backed, royalty-free codec in the wild. Previously it wasn't in Apple's interests to bother, now things might be different. It's not like Apple owned or controlled H.264 or any other Quicktime codec either. c) one of the On2 sub-companies that Google just bought (called Hantro) builds video acceleration chips for mobile phones. Yes, but it's not Apple versus Google, it's royalty-bearing standard from MPEG-LA versus non-royalty bearing standard from Google. Since Apple has argued repeatedly and publicly with the MPEG-LA to liberalize their royalty rates for viewers and smaller users it's not certain they'll stick with the H.264 Camp despite their hardware commitment, their patent involvment, it's head start and its small technical advantage. Part of Google Voice is automated transcription of voice mails. It's still not perfect, but like close captioning and OCR of books, it doesn't have to be 100% to be useful for search purposes. I've not yet seen any credible source claim that VP8 is better than H.264. Claiming your codecs is better than H.264 seems to be standard operating procedure for codecs since it's currently the gold standard. (You'll know VP8 is the best when all the other codecs compare themselves to it!) But these claims are either just blatant PR BS or like On2 you make some very specific claims. If you read what they actually say it appears they think VP8 is "better" than H.264 when you also consider licensing. Now I personally think that's very valid, as any royalty free codec that Google releases from this purchase will have a big advantage due to it's licensing, and that will make it "better" for many purposes. But it's not what codec nerds mean by "better". Personally I agree with your point about codec improvements and think that Google should get something out fast based on what they've bought, but they should also be looking for defectors from MPEG-LA to work on a next-gen royalty free codec by pooling a bunch of patents and expertise. It seems MPEG-LA has either been mismanaged or has fallen victim to internal politics so there's been plenty of unrest over the years. Sun had some patents it was going to use in a royalty free codec called OMS and they're already licencing VP6 for JavaFX so that's a good place to start. If you've already got the Macbook then follow the advice given by DZC in the comments: "I install a minimal Ubuntu (like JEOS) to a VirtualBox instance on my MacBook. It's set up to be as minimal as possible -- no sound, X, etc. Then I set it up as a local server -- mounting it's file system via SSHFS (or NFS or whatever you like) to the Mac OS side. Then I can use Mac OS Terminal, Textmate, Firefox, etc. for development. The only major downside so far is the ~10% CPU VirtualBox seems to use at idle." And if you intend to run Linux, don't buy the Macbook. In fact if you're technical enough to be reading this then you're technical enough to plan to buy a machine that's going to run well under linux (no binary blobs etc.) which isn't, even today, a complete no-brainer. From my reading On2 were one of the few people who avoided rather than licenced some very basic concepts from MPEG and they marketed this as one of their unique selling points. This may partly explain lack of world beating performance compared with what is theoretically possible if you ignore patents, and also means that Google may have been paying for the opposite of patents, patent workarounds (whether On2 patented these in turn I don't know). Ubuntu response: http://www.asoftsite.org/s9y/archives/162-What-is-this-Multi... Basically, this is a quick and dirty way to gather some usage data. Seems reasonable to me. Also, where did this headline come from? Compare: Canonical Will Own Your Search: New mandatory Ubuntu plugin takes over Firefox vs. Bug #402767: multisearch add on blocks the functionality of firefox location bar And how many parts of the top one are actually true? Maybe none? https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/1 "Microsoft has a majority market share" If you really think that "Multisearch breaks user trust" is the problem then maybe you should file that bug. I have to laugh at the misplaced smugness of your reply. With your own quoted figures: $480 million / 60 million population = $8 per person in the UK $1.9 billion / 300 million population = $6.33 per person in the US Nice try! So we've gone from "The US not having socialised medicine makes it a reseach powerhouse that the rest of the world has to leech off because of their backwards programs" to "The US has more citizens than other 1st world countries". Hardly a great argument, but at least the latter actually is "common knowledge". This is important, but not for the reasons you think. Refusing to support (or implement or discuss or contribute to) a standard up until after it has been ratified as a full standard is Microsoft's favourite new technique for derailing standards. On first glance it seems reasonable but imagine if everyone followed the same rule. There would be no standard for anyone to follow, or if people forged ahead and wrote the standard anyway it would have no real world implementation and as a result be entirely useless. If you think they do support web standards then note they use the exact same tactic with ODF. I trust no-one is stupid enough to think that Microsoft is in any way enthusiastic for that standard to get traction. The original claim was about private medicine leading to greater investment. That's why it was pointed out that the largest single investor was a US government agency. Showing that other nations with socialised medicine have higher per capita investment is entirely germane since the point is at what level the US could be investing if it chose another approach. It's evidence that directly contradicts assumptions in this thread. Does it play nicely with clicktoflash? http://rentzsch.github.com/clicktoflash/ No, and I think you're retreating from your argument because you can't defend it. You asked: "Who do you think pays for medical research and why?" It appears everyone, including the US, pays for medical research via taxation and government directed research and this dwarfs private investment on a global scale (absolute or per capita), even in the only first world nation to avoid socialized medicine (i.e. the US). You didn't challenge this interpretation when the other poster said: "Even in the US, the largest research funder is in fact the US government, just like every other country." Yet, you suddenly suggest that you meant: "The US pays for a lot of medical research because it is a populous first world country" which is true but utterly facile. Why don't you answer your own question? Who pays and why? Maybe then we'll be able to figure what you're actually trying to say and how it relates to the topic being discussed. This comes up in Hacker News every time a health story comes up, usually quoting a pop-sci writer. You've stated it by far the clearest with no vagueness or handwaving so hopefully you can answer this (or provide pointers to research): In this theory where does the stored energy (i.e. the fat) come from if not from the calorie intake? How can this be done for more than a short period of time (e.g. I know you can break down muscle for energy) without breaking laws of physics? A choose your own adventure book for adults: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lifes-Lottery-Kim-Newman/dp/06710159... So to be clear, you think the reason that people need Microsoft Windows on netbooks is because Microsoft Office doesn't have a documented and interoperable file format. I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm just saying this is one of those malice/incompetence things when you should really lean towards malice. Blaming competitors (as it appears you are doing) is just mean, they've generally done a heroic job reverse engineering .doc to the point where they do a better job than Microsoft in some cases. I was under the impression that IE5 for Mac (with its Tasman rendering engine) was the most standard compliant browser at that time. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tasman_(layout_engine) And it proved how ahead of its time it was by also being abandoned by Microsoft before they allowed IE6 to stagnate on Windows when they realised that good browsers and a viable web weren't in their business interests. The author is correct that if Micrsoft went full bore for web standards, not only would they be commiting suicide by undermining their own Office and desktop OS monopolies, they'd destroy Adobe in the process. Luckily for Adobe they're not taking that course. (I really can't tell if you're serious about thanking Microsoft for AJAX, being forced to build rickety technologies on top of whatever random ActiveX functionality they leave lying around isn't something I'm thankful for) Microsoft bought Natal. It was developed by 3DV systems. And personally, I'm unconvinced that they've grasped what has made the Wii successful. Case in point: the Wii remote, custom designed to be non-threatening, modelled after the familiar tv remote, allowing you to control the Wii with a few simple gestures and an on screen pointer. Natal, a mysterious camera that allows you to page through onscreen lists using some kind of semaphore system. Microsoft thinks (or at least talks) like it's out Nintendo'd Nintendo with Natal but it all looks like cargo cult style mimicry to me. No different from offering family friendly card games that you need to control with something designed for Halo, just on the other side of the spectrum. Like goldilocks' and the three bears' porridge you can have both too much, and too little controller. The Wii seems to have got it just right. It has been the exchange rate, it might again. Part of the issue is that the exchange rate changes over time. It's possible that the existance of "more potent strands of marijuana" is intentional scaremongering propaganda: http://www.badscience.net/2007/03/reefer-badness/ "And in fact, what’s most amazing is that this scare isn’t new. In the US, in the mid 1980s, during Reagan’s “war on drugs”, it was claimed that cannabis was 14 times stronger than in 1970, which rather sets you thinking. If it was 14 times stronger in 1986 than in 1970, and it’s 25 times stronger today than the beginning of the 1990s, does that mean it is now, in fact, 350 times stronger than 1970? That’s not even a crystal in a plant pot. That’s impossible. That would require more THC to be present in the plant than the total volume of space taken up by the plant itself" I've never liked the argument that "the iPhone will fail because it's just like the Mac and that lost to Windows". I see even less to recommend the argument that "Android will fail because it's just like Windows (which everyone uses and makes buckets of money)" Of course I note Gruber defines success in his own terms: "where by “work” I mean “produce a phone and software platform with a state-of-the-art user experience”" But how many people actually care about that? (Don't get me wrong, I do, but I'm not going to make or break the success of any platform by my purchasing decisions alone.) Since they're CC licenced you'd be legally entitled to share them anyway. Has anyone mirrored the books to break them out of the confusing web site? I don't think the actual post contains much that is flammable, but judging by other comments here, just the context is enough to make people react as if it was. The author doesn't seem to disagree (with you or Mackey) on this point, he just thinks it's impractical to expect human nature to change. I think it's been widely accepted for a while that in first world countries we are literally killing ourselves with food, stress, cigarettes etc. On the other hand, I thought people living longer was one of the problems facing society/medicine since even the healthiest of old people need more care than, to be blunt, the dead. Also, I was suprised, given the source, to find this recommendation in your link, apparently one of the best ways to improve health by paradoxically spending less: "nationalizing the industry and using agency budgets to limit spending." Anyone got any more info on the conspiracy theory in the comments by "jdas"? I've heard others saying that On2 was picked up by Google at a price that cheated the shareholders. I think you stopped reading just after that first commenter did as you missed his closing thought, though I admit it's a confusingly written entry. The article has 3 stages, 1) what all the blogs are saying (confusingly written in the first person even though he doesn't subscribe to this view), 2) the fact that Apple are right now crushing the competition and finally 3) it then lays out a prediction/warning of what I think is the most likely scenario: Apple starts off with an innovation and quality lead but at some point an "inferior" competitor (most likely Android) gets enough traction and marketshare to make it the place to be for developers and therefore users, and therefore developers. This virtuous cycle repeats until the iPhone is a niche player for folks who really appreciate usability and aesthetics. Yes, it's just a retread of Mac vs. Windows and you heard it a million times when the iPhone was first announced but I think it's still highly likely, particularly with Google backing and a coalition of hardware partners based around an open source codebase. I'd guess the stats aren't that unusual for tech savvy users (which explains Firefox) many of whom are located in Russia or eastern europe (which explains Opera). (Just to note that last bit wasn't random racism, the article notes Russia and Latvia amongst other big sources of this such as the US and China.) "Google has an interest in getting people to use the Internet more" And that is why Microsoft is on a hiding to nothing. They're producing search engines and browsers yet paradoxically, they lose power and money as people use the internet more. Something's got to give before they can start pulling in a single direction. Using gmail only as a convenient web interface for email addresses belonging to a domain you own and control, and backing it up elsewhere is a sensible step for any geek. Similar applies to any of their other systems that you put anything valuable into. And not just Google, Twitter etc. too. Since this headline got censored, does anyone know the etymology of "F-Word" and all the other "[Letter]-Word" variatians, (what I believe are sometimes called snowclones http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snowclone ). They already have this and, according to some insiders, it's part of the problem. Basically the claim is that quantity of edits makes it more likely for you to "level up" within the Wikipedia community. This count includes reverts of perfectly good info as when you optimise for any variable, people find ways to play the system. They also do simpler things like force you to sign up to create a new page, as opposed to edit an existing one. You know there already is one, yes? http://www.apple.com/itunes/remote/ I assume what is meant is that Tony Blair stood in the election, his party won and then later Gordon Brown was chosen to replace him by the party, not by the ordinary voter. "If I were to boycott Whole Foods or critique Mackey it’d be for poor or manipulative timing, and not much else." Maybe that's enough? I'm not big on boycotts, but rich business people pissing off their core constituents by opposing reforms they seek and offering fringe ideas as alternatives right in the middle of a big debate about a fundamental part of society just seems dumb. I thought we were pro dumb actions having consequences round here. "I see you every week in this mall. I don't like you shiftless layabouts. You're one of those fucking mallrat kids. You don't come to the mall to shop or work. You hang out and act like you fucking live here. Well, I have no respect for people with no shopping agenda. " -- Mallrats I see no reason to suggest that this behaviour is somehow unique to the Chinese/IKEA combination. I wonder how big an impact this one app has had on the use of Ogg Vorbis globally? Though kind of like embedded linux most people are totally unaware of its use, which is probably how it should be. John Gruber was claiming recently that the iPhone SDK didn't allow your own codecs: http://daringfireball.net/linked/2009/08/24/rhapsody Was he mistaken, or has Spotify started streaming songs in a different format from their desktop app that uses Ogg Vorbis? There's been similar reactions recently in the UK to the thought of supermarkets selling cheap bikes. The people commenting apparently had no ability to step outside themselves and consider the needs of others. The uproar actually made me feel better in a way because I was glad to find out that such reactions are not confined to the world of computer technology. In IT I usually notice it in enthusiast reviews, were they basically state: if this product is not targeted directly at me, then it is an abomination. Nokia has always omitted Vorbis (and now Theora) from their Maemo devices for reasons they've never fully explained. You can add them fairly easily, but they don't ship them. A similar story about Betrand Meyer: http://www.c2.com/cgi/wiki?BertrandMeyerAndWikipedia Personally, I think Wikipedia (if you can refer to such a collection of volunteers as if it had one mind) is in the right in both these situations. One thing I think people forget, is that if you make a rule it has to apply to everyone, not just the people you (dis)like. It seems odd to contrast 37signals against open source. They don't release all their software as open source, but they do a fair bit and seem to have generated a lot of PR out of it. If anything they're poster-boys for building both a business and a community by open sourcing elements further down their stack. And I believe they've published the data as to why it matters to them. Basically, every delay loses them customers. Bing and Google engineers gave a joint talk about it: Bing and Google Agree: Slow Pages Lose Users http://radar.oreilly.com/2009/06/bing-and-google-agree-slow-... I wonder if the same research has any suggestions on how best to earn your money to maximize your happiness (or perhaps more pointendly not earn (as much) money to maximize your happiness). Does an engaging work project count as an 'experience' in the same way as a restaurant meal or holiday? How would drugs become generic (i.e. fall outside patent protection) faster if the FDA approved them faster? I was under the impression that stress was one of the biggest killers in the first world. Why does even the original article put "stressed" in quotes as if talking about the luminiferous aether or some other wild notion. "According to the American Medical Association, stress is a factor in more than 75% of sickness today. And according to the World Health Organization, stress is America’s #1 Health Problem." -- quote from some randomly googled site. Something interesting in the comments: "The screen on my Macbook Pro was trying to auto-adjust its brightness in a semi-dark room. Because as the screen darkened, the light sensors sensed darkness, it increased the screen brightness.. and so forth. So the screen was basically glowing bright and dark on an interval. She asks, “Why is your computer breathing???” Which is interesting because Mac laptops are designed to appear is if "breathing" when in sleep mode, and this "breathing" is communicated via a pulsing light. It appears she'd picked up this subtlety better than her husband. They don't need Chrome, just Webkit. Who knows what's stopping them. Last paragraph made me laugh out loud, but perhaps not intentionally. Flagged. I've never actually understood the thinking behind V8, particularly as it's original pitch seemed to include being directly targeted at X86 and yet Google was developing browsers for both the desktop and Android (mainly ARM-targeted). They've added ARM now I believe but Apple obviously had SquirrelFish on the ARM chip for iPhone from wayback. Maybe they committed before it was obvious that SquirrelFish could lift some ideas from Lua and be competitive with what V8 was planning. Also, did you just take those URLs from the last page of the article, and if so why not just link there: http://arstechnica.com/apple/reviews/2009/08/mac-os-x-10-6.a... I see where he's going but I'm not sure I agree. It's more like there's two kinds of (technical) debt, one kind that you take on with a solid plan to pay it back later and the other kind, e.g. most credit card debt or programming messes, where you're just getting yourself into trouble with no plan for getting back out or realisation of how much interest you're going to accrue. Yes you shouldn't do the latter, but it's still (technical) debt and the phrase is a handy tool for explaining why you shouldn't do these things to less technical folks. 3 I don't get. Ubuntu has both Firefox 3.0 and 3.5 available to choose in a simple list of software. His problem seems to be that he doesn't like the Firefox codename which is hardly the end of the world. Yes, it's like a DRM that ensures that you can always copy, edit, remix, and share the files that it protects. So maybe that's not a great analogy. “The food is terrible—and such small portions!” You can't seriously argue both that the GPL is too onerous and too easy to circumvent. The GPL rubs many developers and proprietary software houses up the wrong way as it takes away their power over their customers. This is illustrated nicely by this very article with Apple wanting to include compiler stuff in their software without putting it all under the GPL and how Google had no issue with the GPL as it didn't interfere with their business model even though their unique selling point is software based, just server based software. Similar applies to the 99% of businesses that use software, and even create it, but don't need to sell it. He doesn't mention the actual biggest reason not to do so, which is that Internet Explorer doesn't support XHTML at all. You'll only experience the yellow screen of death if you've already went to the trouble of serving the content as tag soup to IE and detecting Firefox to send it with a different mime type. In short that whole section made me think this guy was an uninformed crank, still desperately clinging to the dead end of XHTML and spreading disinformation in order to justify things to himself. That's not true. The browser doesn't validate the content and neither knows nor cares if it would. It does something called doctype sniffing to choose whether it goes into one of a few different modes based entirely on the declaration (or lack of the same) at the top of the document. "However, it is important to realize that the Quirks mode vs. Standards mode is predominantly about CSS layout and parsing—not HTML parsing. Some people misleadingly refer to the Standards mode as “strict parsing mode”, which is misunderstood to imply that browsers enforced HTML syntax rules and that a browser could be used to assess the correctness of markup. This is not the case. The browsers do tag soup fix-ups even when the Standards mode layout is in effect. (In 2000 before Netscape 6 was released, Mozilla actually had parser modes that enforced HTML syntax rules. These modes were incompatible with existing Web content and were abandoned.)" Quoted from (and far more details) here: http://hsivonen.iki.fi/doctype/ And it's not even an acronym, it's an initialism! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acronym_and_initialism It's about 2-6% in FLOSS communities. It can get up to about 30% percent in the computing industry generally but the number varies if you (don't) count managers, web developers, testers etc. Given the title there's a surprising amount there that are websites, webapps, Firefox extensions etc. They have stated repeatedly that Chrome is intended to spur all browsers and therefore the web platform onward. They could be lying, but if they're not then fragmenting the web platform in this way would be counterproductive. It would be better for everyone for their improvements to be implementable in other browsers. Wikipedia is amazing. I was going to write "For all its faults..." but I suddenly realised that Wikipedia has never been anything less than fantastic in anything I've experienced. All the bad stuff has been related to me 3rd hand and the vast majority of it seemed to be coming from cranks with axes to grind. I'm saddened that it isn't celebrated more, but take solace in the fact that it has, fairly quietly considering, become a fundamental part of the internet and our society. Maybe the post got edited, but you're replying to a suggestion to repeal only "software patents". This is not impossible, indeed many places don't even have them in the first place. I think most people think the non-linear aspects of money work the other way round e.g. progressive taxes take more from the rich because they will miss it less. "Investing" small amounts to achieve a big pay-off also hits the problem that large windfalls aren't psychologically or socially very beneficial. I don't understand this one: "Beware the stale game. People often don't realize that scratch games aren't finished when someone wins the biggest prize; the tickets are left out until they're all sold. That means you might be buying a ticket to a game in which there's no chance for a juicy payday, says Chris Gudgeon, co-author of "Luck of the Draw: True-Life Tales of Lottery Winners and Losers." Gudgeon's advice: Avoid scratch games that have been lingering near the Slurpee machine for ages. "If you're buying the scratch-and-wins, particularly the seasonal ones, don't buy a Christmas one at the following Halloween," he says. "There's a very good chance that all of the prizes are gone."" Surely, unless you have an information channel that tells you when the big prizes are claimed, the odds of the jackpots going early or late are just the same? And if you do have such an information channel then, in the cases where the jackpots haven't been claimed it would make the odds better for the last remaining tickets. It's no worse than Mac OS X 10.6. For a company that gets big props for marketing that's an awkward name. Having 10 in the name twice would be crazy even if you used the same numeral system for both. "Armour" is a better translation I think. More detail: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panzer#Etymology Well, you could pronunce the first one as "Ecks" which I think is the obvious, yet officially incorrect, response to someone unaware of the background. If you've got two OLPC XO laptops you can measure the distance between them using a similar techique: http://wiki.laptop.org/go/Acoustic_Tape_Measure That's nearly 5 years old. Surely modern linux mobile phones are in the same ballpark regarding size despite being much faster. You're probably experiencing the placebo effect. If you care there's software that will let you double-blind test yourself to see what bitrate is transparent for you. LAME above 165 should be transparent (i.e. sound the same as the source) for most people even with good equipment. Any stats on likely percentage improvements over just doing 1)? I looked into the same dongle (also for a Macbook) and the general impression I got was that it was maybe better than Apple's Quicktime on slower machines but that you could easily beat it with open source encoders. The only reason it is difficult to make the comparison is that the software encoders generally didn't take the same shortcuts as the hardware encoder because they didn't feel the quality tradeoffs were worth it. This was a while ago, but I have no reason to think the software encoders haven't improved faster than the hardware. edit: rereading your post I see your main problem with the software solution is "spending hours or days compiling and tweaking a delicate chain of open source software". I can't help but note that if that is the case then you're doing it wrong™ . I was watching a interview with the guy that suggested the idea with On2 to release their VP3 codec as the basis for Ogg Theora. He used the descriptive term "scorched earth" as one reason for doing so: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scorched_earth In other words, you can undermine your competitors by having a free version. An open source version takes this one step further. "Mandate lower drug prices in some other way and say goodbye to future new drugs." Or find new, different, better ways to promote and reward invention and say hello to lots more future drugs. Patents are broken, even if you agree with them in principle. See software patents for an area where they are broken beyond repair. Medical patents distort the market a great deal. See the comments on the original article for various dubious schemes that only make sense under the current patent regime. No, but if you ask this question on Hacker News you will get a muddled and slightly paranoid sounding synopsis of Gary Taubes' book on this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Diet_Delusion Probably best to go straight to the source. I'm hoping it's a bit more naunced than the "biology is hard, nutrition is complex, therefore theories proposed by science journalists from outwith the field are more likely to be true" type stuff that you see bandied about online. How does Seth Roberts tie into the "calories aren't the whole story" theme? I thought his theory was about tricking the body with taste-free calories in order to dampen hunger pangs. If so it fits neatly within that theory since less hunger means less eating means less calories. In fact since it's billed as an "eat anything" diet, doesn't it contradict Taubes who targets refined carbs as the real villain? That's actually a very concise yet accurate summary of the rule which is widely, almost universally, misquoted and misapplied. As in this article, for example. Short term memory lasts for seconds. The mnemonic tricks discussed in the video are not for short term memory. Mnemonics are interesting stuff though. Memorizing the order of a pack of cards (once you know the techniques) is not hard and worth doing just to surprise yourself. Of course doing it really fast or doing 10 packs is another matter. I don't really see the connection to story telling except in the most tenuous of ways, though I think that is also a powerful technique for delivering presentations. " For fractions, we say three fifths. The Chinese is literally, 'out of five parts, take three.'" You could also say that three-fifths is literally "out of five parts take three" too, just more tersely. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that in Chinese languages the meaning has not atrophied to the same degree or is more verbosely specified (which kind of counters the brevity argument they use for integer digits). I see how that sentence is ambigious. I meant that you have it correct. The two key elements being "short term memory" and "items (variously defined)". This article thinks it applies to long term memory, and most people don't realise you can 'hack' this by chunking 'items' into bigger 'items' (e.g 7 two digit numbers have 14 digits total). > make me a sandwich what? make it yourself > sudo !! okay You should sumbit that link on its own. An insightful look into a dying business model, built on complete disrespect for the customer, and being replaced by internet based businesses that provide better service and lower prices. Is it bad if I just flag techcrunch articles because the headline sounds stupid? If I actually read too many of them I think I'll start flagging based on the source, and that's worse. Slight tangent: why does Android use a VM, but not a standard JVM? As said in this article: [C/C++ is better than Java when] very small footprint is required (these days that does not include most phones). You can get JVMs that run well in a few hundred KB. The situations where a VM, but not a JVM are sensible seem to be totally squashed between C/C++ on one side and the JVM on the other. There was some theory that it was to do with licencing ( http://www.betaversion.org/~stefano/linotype/news/110/ ) but the argument got a bit obscure for me. Something along the lines of Google couldn't officially call it Java because it wouldn't meet the licencing requirements of the test suite. But not being able to call it "JavaTM" seems like a small price compared with having an incompatible VM. He goes a bit fanboy, and it's perhaps a tad US-centric, but the basic gist is correct. Some of the points seem a bit of a stretch, but only because they're obvious once you realise you're selling a tiny, internet-connected computer (which can also make phone calls). One big thing that Apple made easy that he misses is the ability to upgrade your phone software through iTunes just by plugging it in to your computer. I did it a couple of times with Sony Ericcsons and the process was positively baroque. One relevant failure to note, Apple tried to sell the first iPhone at the market rate. US carriers obviously didn't like that and now we are back to subsidies that are opaque and confusing to consumers, just the way they like it. (Note the exact same happened with iTunes and the Music Industry. Everyone else caved to them and progress stagnated till Apple shook everything up. Couple of years later, once the immediate threat of everything being DRM encrusted WMA has faded from people's minds, and Apple becomes the evil empire.) I've seen this contribute to severely damaging a GPL'd web application community in a slightly different sphere. They sent threatening letters to anyone hosting, supporting, reselling etc. the software claiming you couldn't use their name. They sold licences to allow you to do so. I'm fairly certain it wasn't even legal since the whole point of trademarks is to prevent confusion. Claiming to repair Volkswagens doesn't mean you're claiming to be Volkswagen. I can't tell if this is making exactly the same mistake, certainly the examples given elsewhere in this thread by cousin_it seem to be conspicuously missing any activity that makes money, even a training course, using the name Drupal. I see an update to that post which includes language suggesting you can make money from Drupal, but unless you then invest all that money back into Drupal, you can't use the name. Very short sighted. I've only just heard of AST but from what I've read they buy patents, make sure their members have appropriate licences, and then sell them on. If they sell them to patent trolls, which I don't know if they do but seems quite likely, then their members are protected, but no-one else is. OIN appear to hold onto the patents for defensive use, but also taking them out of play for trolls. On the other hand, the head of AST seems to also run a business based on providing information to fight back against patent trolls (PatentFreedom) so it would be a bit of a poacher/gamekeeper move for them to sell to trolls, particularly after they called out IntellectualVentures for doing the same. But maybe patent freedom (for those who can afford it) is their real business plan. I'm not saying that's "evil" but it doesn't do anything to protect anyone who's not playing the game in the same way patent reform would, and at the same time reduces the need for patent reform amongst the biggest companies. The word "evil" gets bandied around far too easily, but if I'm reading you right then you acknowledge that Microsoft may have planned to feed ammunition to patent trolls, you just dispute whether that is "evil" or just "good business". I'd say it's a pretty shitty thing to do and, while you can't prove what the motive was, Microsoft has a history of doing equally shitty things to damage its competitors (and collaborators!). Any comments on this bit: "This policy - as well as the accompanying website - may be changed at any time. You accept that all licenses accorded under this policy are non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable, revocable at any time, and subject to changes in policy. Hence, changes in this policy may cause permissions to be revoked or made dependent on additional obligations." It's called a snowclone. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snowclone What he said. Apple would not design iTunes like this, if not for the need to deliver it on Windows. It breaks many of its own design rules. The saddest part for me is seeing the open source desktops head down the same path when this could be a key differentiator for them. Like Apple they bundle a full working desktop with apps that can work together and build on the same libraries. But they don't. Instead the future appears to be continuing with the totally inappropriate iTunes clone but switching to one that comes with it's on Mono VM and is becoming an independent development platform. It's latest feature is built in photo management! When I read that it was one of those satire is dead moments. Text copy worked for me. (Firefox 3.5, Ubuntu Jaunty) The full page version has a (pretty good) search function. I'm not sure why they don't have it the embedded one. Even if you just got taken to the results in the full version. I mispoke when I said "can't use the name". I meant to say "Drupal claim that you can't use the name without applying for a revocable licence and paying a fee". This still isn't ideal if it is being implied that the licence and fee is necessary when (in many cases) legally it isn't required. I believe under UK law falsely accusing people of trademark infringement can open you up to lawsuits in return. John Resig's Deep Leap: http://deepleap.org/ For those in the UK: http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00m82h7 First episode of the 3 part series already broadcast and now available to view online. Good read, though not really about the OLPC. Cites a bunch of studies that show that introducing computers into schools in a cack-handed manner doesn't help. Tends to suggest this is the computers fault rather than the people rolling it out though. "The World Bank studied a program in Colombia that increased the number of computers in schools ... and found no impact on student outcomes ... it was clear that the teachers simply weren't using the computers" Found the info about the rise of private schools in slums and the impact of deworming (in both Africa and the US) surprising and interesting but I'm not a big fan of "you can't provide computers/open source software/better government until you've done X". Why not do both? In fact why not do anything that's shown to help, and prioritise by ROI? Also interesting to see one of the easy and effective education reforms (grouping by ability, not age) is referred to as 'tracking'. I recognize the buzzword because the 4th series of the Wire mentions in passing that this is politically frowned upon in US schools. Not a great article but the figures are what I find interesting. It seems these 'low power' distributions are often run on guesswork, prejudice and rules of thumb. There's no scientific framework for measuring the actual impact of certain decisions. If such a framework existed then any Linux distro could use it and it would catch stupid bugs in shared infrastructure that suddenly starts eating memory or CPU and let people focus on areas ripe for improvement. Similar things have happened with identifying power hogs, browser memory usage, or things slowing down the boot process. Often there are many stupid bugs that can easily be fixed without having to throw everything out and start again. LXDE based Lubuntu seems to do better in this regard than the XFCE based Xubuntu but I'd still like to see it formalised to the degree that you could make informed decisions about the tradeoff between different browsers or whatever and see standard Ubuntu get 10% "faster" or "lighter" with every release rather than slowly bloat up till something breaks and people start to notice. The less L/Xubuntu has to diverge from the mainstream the better for everyone. Wow. Epic. Even if you're put off by the software licence politics stuff at the start, hang on for the personal reflections on the craft and culture of open source software development. The somewhat confusing thing is that people focus so much on "losing weight". Even if exercise makes you hungrier, it's been shown quite conclusively to make you healthier . If you really want to lose weight without regard to any other factors then take up smoking as it reduces your appetite. Or just cut off your legs. Certainly don't build up any muscle mass as that will only make you heavier. You might be intersted in the Let's not get so feckin' hung up about swearing essay by David Mitchell: http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2009/jun/28/david-mi... excerpt: Is saying "fuck" offensive? That's not the same as asking: "Is 'fuck' a rude word?" Everyone accepts it's a rude word - it would hardly be used if it weren't. The disagreement is about whether using it (and other swearing, but "fuck" is the Gaza Strip here) is an offensive act. I don't think it is. I don't think it matters a shit, damn or piss if someone says "fuck" or how many times they say it. My friends and colleagues unthinkingly use it all the time and, as far as I can tell, it hasn't resulted in the poisoning of their souls or their becoming unable to express themselves because of the effect of linguistic inflation. Wanders a bit and is fluffy in parts but many good points, particularly: This may be hard to hear, but: many artists who claim they just want to eat and pay rent are lying (perhaps to themselves). Most artists don't want a living wage — they want to win the lottery. Suggest to most filmmakers and musicians that "success" is about $75,000 a year, and they'll turn up their noses. You call that a jackpot? They're only in it for the millions, baby. If that means working a day job and remaining obscure, so be it. Millions need to be poor so that one can be rich; they're willing to do their time being poor, so that one day they can be rich at the expense of others. Their turn will come, they think. I suggest playing a different game entirely, because the lottery is a tax on people who are bad at math. But those kinds of artists want to play the lottery more than they want their art to reach people. I've had similar thoughts about startup culture. Do people want to run some obscure online business for the rest of their lives and make a decent wage or do they want to make a big splash and retire at 25? You can make similar arguments about decisions to work on open source or proprietary systems, do you want a living wage or a lottery ticket? Maybe you did read a different article because if I had to sum it up I'd say "people shouldn't give money to artists because [they|it] are special". If your friends were buggy whip makers in the age of motor cars you'd tell them to give it up. If they responded "but buggy whips are my life" then you'd be well within your right to say suck it up. Just like if someone wanted to work 2 or 3 days a week to spend more time with their kids, or take 6 month holidays every year to wander in the Andes. Everybody makes career and life choices, everybody gets to live with the consequences. I thought by giving money she meant in return for "work" as she defined it repeatedly throughout the article, not as charity. But on rereading I guess the second half could be talking about charity or patronage. I don't think looking after kids or climbing remote mountains is easy, but I think they may be rewarding in ways other than monetary. I also think society benefits from these things but if we're talking about society's benefit then copyright is the wrong tool to reward artists. But I stand by my point, doing something artistic that may not pay off financially,regardless of your hard work or skill, is a choice just as buying many lottery tickets is a choice. Many people choose careers that they know in advance will not provide financial security (and this includes some artists). Save your sympathy for them, not the ones gambling without understanding the odds. I don't think art or buggy whips are useless. But if my sole goal was to generate income, I'd not start my business plan with either. Luckily for everyone, most people's goals include factors other than profit. Hence symphony orchestras and philosophers exist despite lack of potential upside on their time investment. It's not a hack. He's taking the piss. Citation needed. I was under the impression that Africans had more genetic variety between them than they do when compared with the rest of the world. I'm also intrigued as to what this computer would make of Australian aborigines which apparently are genetically on the far side of Africans from Asians despite both being "black". The first couple of paragraphs are real stretches. The rest are vague anecdotes. I don't know if he's got a point, particularly as I'm not in the US, but if that's the best he can come up with then I'll assume not until I see something more convincing. In other words, the only way to do good, efficient, and system-level and portable C++ ends up to limit yourself to all the things that are basically available in C. In amongst the snark, this seems insightful. Isn't the whole point of Chrome to take advantage of OS level protection mechanisms so that stuff coming from the web doesn't get the chance to mess with your machine. I believe they're doing completely different things in this regard on each OS, basically building sandboxes from scratch. Most of these just seem like standard bad design or human stupidity. I think there may be a "paradox" but I'm not sure it's well sketched out here. I don't think he understands what codeplex is. That however is not his fault. It follows the standard microsoft practice of using confusing names that refer to multiple different things. Compounding this is the fact that there is no sane reason for Micrsoft to be creating such a foundation. Doesn't this undermine the last advert with Kylie? I thought she'd actually done the stuff in that one, but in this one it's clearly not her work. Are we supposed to re-think our impressions of the first one? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rhre2C4THT4 As long as your software is "Free Software" then Stallman would use it. It doesn't need to be GPL, or even necessarily "compatible" with the GPL to be "Free Software" (a common misconception). You (like many others in these parts) seem to be avoiding the GPL, to the detriment of your business, and for no practical or pragmatic purpose. Personally I have no time for such zealotry. The other option is to fail-safe: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fail-safe I think this is actually better. This is the secret source which is referred to in order to create, but doesn't include, the PAF file which maps postcodes to addresses. The PAF file is however easily available, though under a licence, and therefore is regularly leaked. http://www.royalmail.com/portal/rm/jump2?mediaId=400085&... It's worth plugging all the ways in which UK citizens can contribute to independent reverse engineering this info in a clean room manner: If you've got an iPhone, Android phone or other GPS device: http://www.freethepostcode.org/ If your house was built before 1940 then locate it on an out-of-copyright map: http://www.npemap.org.uk/ Just type in your streetname and postcode: http://postcodedb.sourceforge.net/index.php?p=submit Identify the location of nearby postboxes: http://www.dracos.co.uk/play/locating-postboxes/ You can see the results here: http://old-dev.openstreetmap.org/~random/postcodes/ Click on the names of the three different sources in the top left to compare or use the + sign in the top right to switch the underlying map as well. Ironically they're trying to subvert their own contract terms. They've agreed to broadcast unencrypted "free to air" content, but now they're trying to encrypt the program guide data in order to force set top box makers to pretend(!) that the data really is encrypted by rendering their products useless if they dont. It's yet another new low for DRM. Hopefully the regulatory body will reject this bit of tomfoolery. More info here on the tech-savvy MP's blog (particularly in the comments, which refute the fear of this making set top boxes any more obsolete, and provide other details): http://www.tom-watson.co.uk/2009/09/personal-video-recorders... Are they still claiming copyright on the books? I was a bit disappointed to see this previously, but a quick looks doesn't show it anymore. Maybe they relented? I've read this story elsewhere and as a UK citizen where this alternative to parking meters ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pay_and_display ) have been standard for a couple of decades it's somewhat amusing to read of the confusion and chaos that having to walk to the ticket dispenser and back to the car can cause. This story is not about "the man behind Tetris" and I am dubious of several of the claims made. "Henk didn't invent Tetris, but he's the entrepreneur who went into the Soviet Union to win the rights to the game, and he's the man who made it a world-wide phenomenon" The three statements above are true, dubious and false in that order. Depressing but accurate reading. Even the standard "pairing sucks" advocates in the comments agree that these things are what is stopping the average IT shop from being productive and professional. And, while as I say it's depressing, it also kind of makes me feel better to know that most everybody else is in the same boat. I was slightly boggled to read the bit about Alan Greenspan and thought: "wait, are we talking about that Alan Greenspan?", turns out we were. You've apparently been thrown off course by the love-it-or-loathe it reaction to pairing, but you're actually agreeing with the article. He's listing why it isn't feasible for most situations. (Though most people seem to interpret this as reverse psychology, though I would suggest any appraisal of the general practice of software development that doesn't portray it as almost totally broken is far from accurate). But really I could write a long (sometimes contradictory) list of things that would help people program better that would get similar levels of reaction: * use vi * use emacs * use an IDE * TDD * unit testing * any kind of testing * writing documentation * using the highest level language possible * using C++ * using anything but C++ * source control * distributed source control * avoiding gotos Judging by the slightly over-emotional responses in this thread to pairing you only need to find one good bit of software written without these tools/ideas and you can ignore them totally. Apparently, in your case, an individual not liking something, or it being hard, or requiring investment or not being suitable for all sizes of teams rules it out, which covers most of this list. I would suggest doing hard things you don't like, which require investment and need to be applied appropriately to your context is a pretty good definition of "profesionalism", something sorely lacking in most software development shops but on the other hand just because it fits that definition doesn't mean it's the right thing to do. I think that pairing, like many things in this list, can be appropriate and useful but I'm not about to burn anyone as a witch if they don't like it or practice it. I was under the impression that Arial was a cheap knock-off of Helvetica. They took a similar font and reshaped it so it could stand in for Helvetica. Clearly this is uninspired, much like a KDE theme trying to recreate Mac OS X. There's no actual law that says such a knock-off must be inferior to the original but a) it's off to a bad start, and b) even if it ties with the original it's got the taint of being a rip-off motivated by greed. The full history of Arial, from a link someone else posted: http://www.ms-studio.com/articles.html Note that Red Hat has in turn commisioned a font that is "metric compatible" with Arial: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberation_fonts The link I provided above covers this and suggests that the foundry that created Arial didn't want to be a blatant pirate, so instead did just enough to pretend they weren't ripping off Helvetica. "What is really strange about Arial is that it appears that Monotype was uncomfortable about doing a direct copy of Helvetica. They could very easily have done that and gotten away with it. Many type manufacturers in the past have done knock-offs of Helvetica that were indistinguishable or nearly so. [...] It’s quite possible that most of the “Helvetica” seen in the ’70s was actually not Helvetica. Now, Monotype was a respected type foundry with a glorious past and perhaps the idea of being associated with these “pirates” was unacceptable. So, instead, they found a loophole and devised an “original” design that just happens to share exactly the same proportions and weight as another typeface. This, to my mind, is almost worse than an outright copy. A copy, it could be said, pays homage (if not license fees) to the original by its very existence. Arial, on the other hand, pretends to be different. It says, in effect “I’m not Helvetica. I don’t even look like Helvetica!”, but gladly steps into the same shoes. In fact, it has no other role." I wonder why he didn't include the much more interesting reason for a river to meander, instead just footnoting that he was wrong. (Maybe that was a later edit after it was pointed out to him.) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meander I got pulled up short by that ending too. Most of the piece seems to be about the benefits of keeping it simple and doing the obvious thing that will work rather than outsmarting yourself. All well and good advice, easily applicable by anyone with the confidence to face down blowhards that would rather things feed their leet-programmer ego than actually meet a customer's need. But then it goes into not writing tests and doing complicated bit-munging to save a bit of time or space (both of which you think would be the opposite of the previous advice of keep it simple and accept your own human failings) and which is stuff that you can only get away with if you are both talented and lucky. If he dropped the last paragraph and the bit about not writing unit tests (which, the theory goes, will save you time assuming, again, that you're not a lucky genius) then this would hold together somewhat coherently. But all that refactoring will be easy because of the comprehensive unit test suit you wrote. Oh wait... I don't get it. Are Intel saying Moonlight sucks? Too big or bloaty? The wrong licence? Too Not-Invented-Here-ish? Why wouldn't it be in the best interests of Microsoft, Intel and Novell to work together on this? I think you're wasting to time replying to the alleged "argument" of someone who can type "MP3s in an Apple AAC format" . Clearly they've not got the finest grip on the situation. Moblin originally was an Intel/Atom thing. They've sort of handed it over to the Linux foundation so you'd expect it to grow from there but while Intel have made that move to avoid looking predatory, you can't really expect them to put in the man hours for other architectures. Really? Generally the need to put secrets into your code, as required by DRM, makes open source and DRM mutually exclusive. But that wouldn't stop a proprietary Silverlight for Linux (which this may be) from working with DRM. Interesting, though I found this comment section hilarious: "The new bricks -- which the Brick Industry Association says are not actually bricks -- will sell for the same price as traditional clay-based ones. The Brick Industry Association says there is also no proof that products using fly ash will last as well as traditional brick." Some classy FUD there from the BIA. You don't actually say that no real developers use TDD, but you seem to imply that by focusing on the fact that the teachers, authors, consultants and trainers that promote it "loudest" are earning money via the teaching, authoring, consulting and training in which they loudly promote it. Bit of a catch-22 there, no? Since if their job involves communication about programming topics you automatically ignore the message and you'll only listen to those not trying to communicate. Luckily, I just finished reading this article by one of the Twisted guys in relation to the recent release of Tornado which, in passing, sings the praises of TDD, basically calling it essential for the work they do: http://glyph.twistedmatrix.com/2009/09/diesel-case-study-in-... It still seems excessively ad hominem to me. I don't know about the specific people named in swordmanship but generally in sport the best teachers, coaches and managers will not necessarily be the best at the actual sport. Maybe that doesn't apply in the martial arts though. And that's at the top level. For ordinary folks I'd suggest that the advice given by a legend may be inspirational, but that pragmatic advice from a standard teacher which is aimed at their level (e.g. "walk away from bar fights if at all possible") may be more appropriate. So I have no problem with methodology suggestions provided by the less than leet . Also, your reply suggests you unit test, you just don't write the tests first. Which means, compared with the average programmer, you're like Greenpeace complaining about PETA and while you see a big difference the 'average' person just lumps you in together under the general heading of "extremist weirdos". Read this and tell me whether it says "Mono and de Icaza are evil" or "I think Mono is the wrong approach and here's why": Why free software shouldn't depend on Mono or C# by Richard Stallman http://www.fsf.org/news/dont-depend-on-mono Some quotes: "This is not to say that implementing C# is a bad thing. Free C# implementations permit users to run their C# programs on free platforms, which is good." "The problem is not in the C# implementations, but rather in Tomboy and other applications written in C#. If we lose the use of C#, we will lose them too. That doesn't make them unethical, but it means that writing them and using them is taking a gratuitous risk. We should systematically arrange to depend on the free C# implementations as little as possible." Also related, the next news article: http://www.fsf.org/news/2009-07-mscp-mono People really like to attack Chris Anderson and his lightweight business-IT theories. I don't really understand why. My best guess is that he's a pretty good self-promoter, and as with Apple, people who can't promote themselves can get into the spotlight by attacking someone who is already there. Traitor doesn't mean "evil". If you understand (not necessarily agree with) the reasons Stallman gives for being cautious about Mono/C# then you'd understand why someone who'd done so much for Free Software in the past, who is now driving Mono, could be described as "basically a traitor to the Free Software community" i.e. someone who used to promote their ideals, but now threatens them. It seems strange that Stallman, widely regarded as some kind of maniac, regularly gets grief for single word choices or off-hand comments. Would this be a discussion if he'd said "his actions no longer align with the best interests of our community"? If he's really that crazy why didn't he go on some venomous tirade and character assassination like some political shock-jock? Seems entirely built around the straw man argument that Free Software doesn't want to interoperate with standards created by proprietary companies. I'm not sure you could be any more wrong about something, unless you were actively trying to do so. Even then it would take effort and a certain twisted kind of mad genius. Just seems to come naturally to Matt Asay though, he can churn this nonsense out week after week. There's a few misconceptions here, first, though kind of off-topic but you can pay people to produce Free Software, lots of people do. Two other misconceptions: He didn't call anyone a "traitor" for producing proprietary software, nor did he call anyone a "traitor" for stopping producing free software. That's kind of the point of using that specific word as it wouldn't apply in those circumstances though some people seem to be taking it as just a general insult. He did use the word to describe someone who used to be a leading light of the Free Software movement. Remember de Icaza is the guy who started Gnome because the QT licence meant that KDE wasn't "free" enough, even though it was open source i.e. what most folks round here would call a Free Software zealot. He's now, amongst other things that the FSF find dubious, advising a project specifically set up to create open source software which isn't copyleft with the clearly stated aim that it can be used in proprietary software. This is promoting Open Source (though only as a subordinate of proprietary software) but not Free Software which, for some people, is a very important difference. If you don't understand that you could dedicate your life to the business success of open source and not impress Richard Stallman then you might want to read this: http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/open-source-misses-the-point.h... Someone asks in the comments why patents work better in pharmaceuticals. A book I read recently claimed it all came down how precisely and clearly the patent is defined and delineated. Imagine you moved into a lush valley with a new town in it to do business. If you found all the best spots had been taken and fenced in then that would kind of suck. Imagine now that people had secretly claimed land, and done so in a way that even they didn't know what the boundary was. "That land over there" or "the thickest part of the forest" and yet these secret, vague claims could be legally enforced. Imagine investing money to build on that land, trying your best to avoid accidentally stepping on anyone's property. The first case is chemical compounds, it's either got those atoms in that arrangement or it doesn't. The latter is "selling shoes over the internet" and other alleged software patents. Though having said that I think patents are still broken and lead to the promotion of some very strange behaviour in the medical field. But in software they are appallingly bad. Yeah? So how come British Telecom's got the patent for it: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2000/06/19/bt_claims_ownership_... I think you'll be entertained to read through his archive, "not even wrong" is a very apt description of most of it. Feel free. As much as I like fact-based smackdowns, this seem a bit thin to me. Particularly the big conclusion: “The U.S. has had one spectacular achievement in preventive medicine,” he says. “It has had the largest drop in cigarette consumption per adult of any developed country since 1985.” But didn't we just learn, a few paragraphs back that: "For four decades, until the mid-1980s, per-capita cigarette consumption was higher in the United States (particularly among women) than anywhere else in the developed world." So the one big comparative success in preventative medicine may just be a statistical fluke based on the larger number of smokers. How do the stats compare if you ask what percentage of smokers quit? If the percentage is the exact same the US per-capita drop would be higher simply because more cigarettes were smoked intially. I'm also not sure being "more likely to recieve medication" for a short list of problems is necessarily a good thing if lifestyle changes could have a better effect (both from the perspective of the patient and of taxpayers funding the treatment). He also used to be a video games reviewer and is doing a one off Gameswipe as part of BBC Four's Electric Revolution series about the rise of technology in the 80s: http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00n1j8q I was expecting him to link to this hilarious "remix" of the video: http://www.cabel.name/2009/09/windows-7-party.html I cycle, but red light cameras have recently been part of a scandal where they slowly reduce the amount of warning time before the light changes. This simultaneously increases revenue and endangers everyone on the road. Speed cameras seem to go through a similar process, but are now (at least where I live) referred to as "saftey cameras" and brightly decorated so that you're slowing down at accident blackspots not getting caught out by sneaky placement. I was unaware of the ahead of time compilation stuff, anyone got a more expansive link on that topic? edit, found one: http://lists.macosforge.org/pipermail/macruby-devel/2009-Jul... Off-topic: anyone else sick of slideshare? Why exactly do they need flash to show a series of images (most of which have images of text)? And the de-bunk has been de-bunked in turn. The only people who don't like talking about why better solutions failed in the market place are free market fundamentalists. The source of all this alleged debunking was an article by economists: http://dvorak.mwbrooks.com/dissent.html Dvorak on the iPhone makes no sense to me. I touch type Dvorak and I have no idea what the keyboard layout looks like. I use standard QWERTY keycaps. My fingers know, so I don't have to. On the iPhone you're not using the home row and touch typing, you're peck typing either with one finger, or two thumbs on a soft keyboard that can reconfigure at will and guess what you're typing, but that has no physical feedback on position. Clearly something other than Qwerty or Dvorak, something designed for this technology is the way forward. I think studies have shown that for simple touchscreen or stylus keyboards a simple A-Z grid outperforms Qwerty. I'm hoping the Android approach lets some innovation happen here. "And Microsoft’s competitors are doing exactly what Microsoft is prohibited from doing – bundling an operating system and a browser." Yes, and ordinary people are allowed to step within 200 yards of schools. Other people, those tried and found guilty of certain crimes, are not. I despair that even tech journalists can't grasp the basics of what is one of the biggest tech news stories of the last twenty years. Do you have links to a fuller explanation of the problems with the AGPL? A quick Google returned nothing obviously interesting (except this very discussion as result #2). You were supposed to double-click to follow hypertext links. This meant you could single-click them to select them and perform other actions. Apparently Mosaic messed up this system and everyone else followed. At least I think I recall reading that somewhere. Googling for web, double-click, link etc. gives you nothing of any use. I was going to point out that the demo image is misleading because the Mac's rendering would look better than Photoshop even without subpixel anti-aliasing (which is plain stupid for the web, minimal gain with possibility of looking much worse in certain circumstances) but I don't have to: "Even when subpixel antialiasing is turned off (Appearance panel in System Preferences), the rendered text still looks better than that from Photoshop, Flash and JavaScript." -- the author, in comments This would allow transparent backgrounds too, which seems to be the number one request. I'm guessing it would be fairly easy to replicate this cross platform using the standard linux text rendering stack. Mac text rendering isn't really about better technology, they just make different decsions. Decisions that those used to Windows text rendering hate. I on the other hand love it and set my Ubuntu boxes up the same way. I think this should be the default on Ubuntu but people get really attached to the text rendering they are used to. There's been a rash of stories recently about Microsoft's data centres which all seem to present their technology as cutting edge. Sun has been selling such containers for years, I'm fairly certain Google and IBM had the lead on chillerless datacentres and using outside air for cooling. Having a PR campaign that boasts about "cool" technology that others introduced and publicized before you did seems an awfully strange strategy. From the other story: "For a start I was 15kg heavier than my brother." but... "Of the thousands of twins enrolled in the research program only 10 were more different in weight than us." So it seems that in general twins weigh roughly the same. You probably want to turn hinting off . Hinting follows the Windows philosophy of moving the letters about so that they fit the pixel grid better. Apple tries to leave them where they would be on a fictional perfectly hi-res display (or printer) and applies anti-aliasing where it doesn't fit the grid. The former is sharper but not true to the actual shapes, position and kerning of letters and words, the latter is considered blurry by some, though less so as the DPI increases to iPhone levels. Compare these Windows, OS X and Ubuntu screenshots I found on the internet: http://rewind.themasterplan.in/wp-content/uploads/2007/07/sn... http://rewind.themasterplan.in/wp-content/uploads/2007/07/sn... http://rewind.themasterplan.in/wp-content/uploads/2007/07/sn... From this article: http://rewind.themasterplan.in/2007/07/15/sexy-smooth-fonts-... Apple buy map service. To compete with Google? I think that's what they were aiming for. The OpenStreetMap project does stuff like this: They've just started stitching together aerial shots from small planes into flat "satellite" images that they can trace map features from. (Yahoo also lets them trace some of theirs, and the bought some for coverage in Palestine but this lets them fill in the gaps): http://www.cloudsourced.com/2009/09/22/openstreetmap-takes-t... Flickr just announced that you can associate photos with streets, buildings etc in openstreetmap via machine tags: http://code.flickr.com/blog/2009/09/28/thats-maybe-a-bit-too... There is an OpenStreetView but they've only just started, not much more than a domain: http://openstreetview.org/ So "I have always insisted that our children run a Linux distribution on their laptops just to minimize the impact (on us to cleaning up) of automatically downloaded and installed viruses and trojans" and "running a Linux-derived operating system will indeed protect many users from the automatic installation of many OS-specific (read: Windows) targeted viruses and worms" But Linux is not the answer to security problems? Oh I see what you've done there, it's not THE single and only answer to every security issue. Maybe the author should have used that as the headline and given fair warning that nobody needed to read it because it's only stating the obvious. I really like the BBC and the openess of their blogging. I generally agree with Cory but think he sometimes goes too far, however ... Every time DRM comes up the BBC embaresses themselves with their shifty and/or nonsensical stances. It is genuinely appalling so I'm glad to see them taken to task. The free advertising this generates probably earns more than the engineering time costs. Pop Quiz. Whose website is this quote from: "Read it free online Absolutely free. The complete book. 16 chapters and 91 essays. Completely free to read online." http://bit.ly/the_answer_is "Eat, Drink and be Healthy: The Harvard Medical School Guide to Healthy Eating" by Walter C. Willett is very down on milk. If you need the calcium for osteoporosis or whatever then there's better sources, up to and including supplements. You're no longer chemically addicted, but you're still fighting the habit you've formed. Some people are chemically dependant, some smoke through habit, most are a combination of both. Knowing which applies to you can really help you quit and there's questionnaires that can pinpoint which you are. Sample questions: Do you smoke a cigarette when you wake up? (low nicotine in the blood) Do you smoke after a meal? (force of habit by mental connection) And for those who want the opposite, for Ubuntu fonts to look just like Windows XP: http://sharpfonts.com/ Isn't this just a parent-targeted rip-off of Everything Bad Is Good for You: How Today's Popular Culture Is Actually Making Us Smarter ? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Everything_Bad_Is_Good_for_You Isn't this review a bit harsh? Didn't Steve Souders basically invent this field, do a great deal of research and testing in order to find out what actually made a difference and then publicize it? If I was wanting to be harsh I would suggest buying this 2 year-old book, when both Yahoo and Google have automated versions of the same checklists, was the real mistake here. http://rentzsch.github.com/clicktoflash/ This lets you play Youtube videos via Mac OS X's built in decoders in Safari. Plus it's a general Flash-bocker. I love it. You can already rewrite Youtube pages to play the exact same video via HTML5. I linked to the plugin you need elsewhere in this thread. So Youtube in flash is already "far too easy to download" and Flash's "encrypted" streaming mode has been broken too, though it turned out not to be that protected anyway. I learned a new word: exfiltrated http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/exfiltrated Also, "deregulation" is a buzzword intended to frame the debate and make you believe that they are reducing regulation and therefore creating some kind of free market. Most so-called deregulation could be better termed re-regulation, it's just changing the rules to benefit different parties, not abolishing them. (Having said that, btilly above uses deregulation in its new derogatory sense, much like the euphamism downsizing had to be replaced with rightsizing once everyone realised it still meant redundancies. Relatedly the depression was named that by people who thought it wouldn't be as bad as a proper recession, now depression means a really bad recession ) It was the simplest thing that could possibly work , and it did. Another popular success in britain is the group of companies simply called the Co-operative: http://www.co-operative.coop/aboutus/ Note the cool domain name: *.coop So the general conclusion, from various programming legends, seems to be: • (semi-)automated testing for any complex code: essential • unit tests for any long lived code: great • TDD (writing the tests before the code): good in theory but alien to most folks • tests speed/slow you up/down: open question (though it would seem logical that there will be certain projects that benefit more than others, e.g. the longer lived the code the longer you can earn "interest" on your initial "investment") Yet there still seems to be a general reaction here of "I'm too smart and/or busy to write tests" and the corollary "Anyone who writes tests, or advocates testing, isn't a good programmer". Seems a strange disconnect. I was amused by his comment on Knuth: "So Knuth too disagrees with the notion that unit testing always makes you go faster. Maybe he too is living in the stone age." This follows him describing writing a program, in pencil, in 1977. I got all this directly from the linked article: Zawkinski: created automated tests for a complicated corpus of quasi-standard email headers that he triggered manually. When he rewrote the mailer in Java he unit-tested because it was easier in a Java OO environment. He says there's specific areas where unit-testing would have sped them up, but that they were under so much time-pressure, with short-term ROI horizons that they didn't bother, they just went with the gamble of "getting it right first time". If they had more time then unit-testing was "certainly the way to go". He specifically states that they traded quality for a ship date. Fitzpatrick: Does "a lot of testing". Tests anything half-way "clever" because others will break it. Forces people who work for him to write tests. "At a certain point, people realize, “Holy crap, it does pay off,” especially maintenance costs later." Joshua Bloch: automated testing of transactional shared-memory with a "basher". When it failed at high concurrency he had to use unit tests to locate the bug, which wasn't in his code but the underlying Solaris assembly code. This was early 90s and he implies that finding a bug in such code today would probably result in the engineer being shouted at for inadequate testing, though perhaps not in concurrency areas as testing those is still an "art". Argues that writing an API before the code, which he does, isn't technically TDD though I'd say it's in the same ballpark. Knuth: is "a fan of after-the-fact torture tests". The blog author interprets the other comments as anti-TDD, though they seem unrelated to me. Joe Armstrong: Actually does TDD. Norvig: "I think test-driven design is great. I do that a lot more than I used to do." I don't understand how you could have come up with a different reading. The originally post seems to be half-heartedly questioning TDD (without much support from the quoted sections), but that is on the far end of a continuum that has automated tests, then unit tests, on the way towards it. Which I thought I made clear with my list where the near end of that spectrum (automating tests for complicated areas) is better supported than the far end (TDD according to the book). Many responses I see here seem to reject testing entirely. (edit: just to be clear when I say "automated" I mean they wrote a program to test their program. It doesn't necessarily mean that they run it on every change, or check-in or whatever. I just mean it runs and says: pass or fail without a human being having to examine the output, though that output may be helpful when it does fail.) I think this is going nowhere but, some points: I assume that anyone who does TDD thinks unit tests are a useful tool, and that anyone who uses unit tests thinks that automated tests are a useful tool. That seems logical. Regarding thinking about the API, that's not "thinking about the code", it's thinking about the code that's going to call the code. Unit tests are also code that calls the code. Orthodox TDD theory claims that by writing code that calls the code first you are in fact designing good APIs. Seems related to me. JWZ's comments on speed are all over the map, probably because he's not talking about sustained speed of development, but a very short shipping deadline based on market forces. A sprint versus a marathon. I think his comments strongly support unit testing in the marathon case (which surprised me based on other things I'd read). If you have to do something because nothing else works, I'd call that "essential". Regarding TDD, which seems like the real sticking point, as opposed to unit-testing or automated tests. Two of the six actually claimed to do it personally and like it. Two of the others seemed so enthusiastic about unit-testing that TDD didn't seem like a big leap to me. One designs APIs by considering calling code first, which as I said above, reminds me of some elements of TDD. The last one was talking about writing code in pencil. It didn't seem relevant, though the blog poster thought it was. I didn't say they did TDD, by the book, 100% of the time, or that they thought it was suitable for every task. But if someone actually says they do TDD then who am I to argue? I intially commented mostly because of the dissonance caused by the article quotes being very pro-testing, and even had two people flat out claiming to do TDD and yet the overall tone of the original post commentary was anti-TDD, and many comments here (and in previous related posts) were anti-testing in general (not specifically TDD, which I believe the true faithful don't even like referring to as "testing" since it's actually about "design"). That anti-testing feeling seemed to be drawing inspiration from these same heroes, who when I read their own words, struck me as very upbeat about testing. I found it ironic that the latter half seemed to be describing Stallman's tactics as "FUD" without actually using that term. This tactic being famously employed by Microsoft. Of course, another layer of irony is that before Microsoft became the safe choice, this was a favourite tactic of IBM, who are now considered an open source friendly company. You might be interested in this link: http://www.cyclehelmets.org/1019.html "Many people who wear helmets can relate their experience of a crash which leads them to believe that a helmet 'saved their life'. This is a very common experience - very much more common, in fact, than the actual number of life-threatening injuries suffered by bare-headed cyclists. Yet there is no evidence that helmets save lives or prevent serious injury at all across cyclists as a whole" The PDF linked at the bottom is good too, it's written by a guy that runs a cycle helmet testing lab. http://www.cyclehelmets.org/papers/c2023.pdf It's an in-depth piece and I don't want to do it an injustice by over-summarizing but here's my take: helmets by design and because of basic physical limits on their size are good for when you fall off a bike onto a flat surface at low speed, not for collisions, certainly not getting hit by speeding cars. Therefore they make a lot of sense for children learning to cycle or others prone to falling off, and much less sense for average cyclists. I get a similar feeling when the word "zealot" gets thrown around. Another similar, and superficially easy, improvement in the level of conversation would be if, instead of claiming X "sucks" or "rocks" in absolute terms, people ranked things against other known items. For example, if you think unit testing is generally good but TDD is a bad idea then give some context to that: is TDD worse than no unit tests at all? Is it worse than low unit test coverage say 20, 30, 40%? Or off at a tangent TDD makes Java programming feel like Ruby (or vice versa), just something for people to intellectually grab onto in terms of scale. I ask because not unit testing at all seems (to me) to be further from unit testing than TDD is, yet from this current discussion it would appear that unit test fans have more issues with the latter than the former. One of the comments on the original post claims open source apps don't count because they "are not subject to many of the challenges the average developer faces in a corporate environment" so it appears TDD fans can't win either way. But since you're looking for open source success stories there was some very positive noises about TDD from a Twisted dev recently: "I would strongly recommend at least practicing some TDD, too. Learning how to write tests was useful for me, but practicing TDD really expanded my design skills in a bunch of surprising directions that were almost unrelated to testing. I originally felt as you do, that I wasn't disciplined enough to do it; now I feel like I'm too undisciplined not to do it ;-)." From: http://glyph.twistedmatrix.com/2009/09/diesel-case-study-in-... Though he specifically states that Twisted didn't start out TDD, which he regrets, but maybe that disqualifies it. Regarding Rubinius (and JRuby that was listed in the original post) I'm not sure trying to create a spec for an existing language implementation and then try to meet it would count as "true" TDD if people care about such differences. But maybe they do TDD for other bits lower in the stack, I'm not sure. I recently submitted a story about the launch of AcaWiki: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=864056 It's a wiki where people can summarize published papers (both publicly available and paywalled). Seemed like a good idea, both for people to practice summarizing what they've learned and for quickly finding relevant papers. There's only two CS papers so far: http://acawiki.org/Special:SearchByProperty/Subject/Computer... Actually looks like there's three now. The AOT compilation in MacRuby relies on the ObjC 2.0 GC, that's why you can't use it right now to create iPhone apps. Wasn't there research published recently that showed that not only were people writing more (via email and texts) but they were writing better too and in particular they were good at kairos , which means students today should be better at varying their tone for different audiences (like imaginary 19th Century correspondents) than we were as kids. There's an overview here: http://www.wired.com/techbiz/people/magazine/17-09/st_thomps... Though I'm impressed with the creativity of both the assignment and the "marking" scheme. Yes, the GNU FDL was what Wikipedia was (and mostly is) licenced under. They've shifted to a Creative Commons licence that achieves much the same thing because the GNU FDL has some awkward requirements from it's history as a software documentation licence from the pre-web era. One possible flaw/getout is that "Conferences. Open source. Blogging. Twitter." are happening more and more during work time. As is this comment for me. How is your comment any less platitudinous than the agile manifesto? You could call it the Pragmatic Manifesto: * What software development needs, is what it has always needed: pragmatism! * Where it is pragmatic, it is good! * Where it is not-pragmatic (dogmatic), it is bad! Making a stand for pragmatism , and against dogmatism is basically saying nothing because what you define as pragmatic can be called dogmatic by others and vice versa. It's politician speak, using a vague word with inherent positive connotations to describe your own actions, and one with negative connotations for anything you dislike. Even if the stuff about not being able to look at the source was true, they're testing against RubySpec tests which are written by people who can and do look at the source, so this post seems nonsensical. edit: on a reread I notice the author actually disses RubySpec as being a "long way from completion" and then praises IronRuby for meeting 97% of the same (allegedly limited) tests. It generally means "apparently useless activity which, by allowing you to overcome intermediate difficulties, allows you to solve a larger problem." -- definition taken from Wiktionary (which claims the etymology comes from a Ren & Stimpy episode). http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/yak_shaving But in this case the blogger seems to be misusing it to describe needless wheel re-invention by corporate IT programmers who could either have used an open source solution or bought in the tool that the blog post advertises to solve the problem. I wouldn't use the term in such cases. More accurate usage of the term would be finding yourself updating your entire system to support some obscure dependancy of the open source PDF library you decide to install, or spending time trying to get a software purchase authorized via your office bureaucracy. "why didn't Next take over the world" You could make a strong argument they did. Next and Apple is often cited as a case where the bought company took over the buyer. Netscape and Collabra is another, less successful, and recently modish example. (not a fan of the great man theory in general though) I think they created basically all of the GTAs, though they got bought out and changed their name: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rockstar_North Flicking a switch I expect to work. Pushing fat guys in front of trains seems a bit cartoony and far less certain to save anyone in reality. I think that the confusion around whether it would even work is enough to muddy the results in that case. Crash-only software: More than meets the eye by Valerie Aurora http://lwn.net/Articles/191059/ From the conclusion: "Properly implemented, crash-only software produces higher quality, more reliable code; poorly understood it results in lazy programming. Probably the most common misconception is the idea that writing crash-only software is that it allows you to take shortcuts when writing and designing your code. Wake up, Sleeping Beauty, there ain't no such thing as a free lunch. But you can get a more reliable, easier to debug system if you rigorously apply the principles of crash-only design. " Also, of interest I believe Snow Leopard simply kills (i.e. crashes) any software that signals it doesn't have state in order to speed up shutdown. Unfortunately it has been decided (in the rest of the comments) that we're not allowed to do anything about, or even comment on, any of these problems, even if done by Western companies in foreign lands, because to do so would be cultural imperialism. "The GPL Is a License, not a Contract" by Pamela Jones http://lwn.net/Articles/61292/ Basically, if you want to do something that copyright forbids then you can't, unless you get permission. The GPL (and other share-alikes) gives you permission, as long as you obey its rules. Break the rules and you no longer have permission, just as if you were paying a monthly fee for permission and then stopped paying. Can you use this as an external monitor? A few folks, including this article, make it sound like you're buying a monitor and getting a computer for "free". But if it's like previous iMacs then you're buying a monitor that can only be used with the "free" computer. If that is the case then that's a good reason for Apple getting a good deal. There's no way for this to cannibalize sales of actual monitors, unless the buyer was planning to weld it irreversibly and permanently to a Mac mini. Which also renders any price comparison moot. It's a thing unto itself, only really directly comparable with other iMacs. If you can cycle your commute then you're getting fit and can save on your gym time (and membership fees). There's two questions here: 1. Does it work (i.e. trigger standards mode) in all browsers 2. Does it specifically identify content as HTML5 (as opposed to 6) i.e. versioning For 1, html5 puts versions of Firefox into quirks mode so it's no go. For 2, versioning HTML5, I'm going to take a handy shortcut and assume that if Microsoft supports something it's probably bad for the internet. There's a comment from Hixie here that touches on both issues: http://annevankesteren.nl/2005/07/html5-doctype#comment-4391 I keep seeing people saying "I'll support it when IE10 does" or similar. Is there a single good reason why anyone producing a website in HTML4 or XHTML couldn't move to HTML5 today? If you avoid the new stuff (which you couldn't use with those formats anyway) then as far as I can tell you'd actually be using something better supported by IE6,7&8 than HTML4 and especially XHTML since a lot of HTML5 involved reverse-engineering and minutely specifying the real-word behaviors of those browsers so that other, more active, browser developers could more accurately copy and interoperate. Maybe someone needs to have a validator target called "HTML5, the IE-supported subset". Sadly I've yet to see an ARM system with a Linux friendly graphics system. They all seem to use PowerVR stuff, which is the sames stuff that Intel used to stuff up their previously unblemished graphics suppor on Linux. I'm fairly certain that this is a common misconception, which was true at one point in time but no longer applies but I'm not really expert enough (in fonts or Linux) to sound confident in that. Basically, my take is that you need the fancy expensive typefaces and the patented hinting if you want type to look really good at small sizes and without anti-aliasing i.e. Windows before cleartype or Macs before OS X. The vast majority of people don't want that, they want OS X style rendering, particularly if their monitor is 95dpi or up. Admittedly there are a vocal minority of geeks that grew up with the former type of font rendering, but even they seem to limit this preference to coding fonts and even they seem to be leaving this behind as dpis go up. If you want OS X rendering on Linux you can have it today, without patented code, or the need for meticusously hinted fonts (which makes them much easier to produce as open source). It basically involves going into the advanced Gnome font controls turning off all hinting. Voila! "Blurry" Mac OS X style font rendering. You can add sub-pixel rendering to taste. You can also make it look like XP, which I personally think is a bit retrograde and ironically this does require well-hinted fonts (like Microsoft's) and patented code. There's a how-to here: http://www.sharpfonts.com/ I don't install the microsoft fonts and still HN looks like much more like the Mac OS X example for me on Ubuntu 9.10 with Chromium and Firefox. I thought the patent issues were mostly about these older Apple patents: http://www.freetype.org/patents.html I'd not heard about these subpixel patents, but I'd be happy to have them removed from Linux as I honestly don't think they add that much in Mac OS X style font presentation, as opposed to Windows Cleartype style. This seemed a bit harsh, but (after consulting Wikipedia) I'm guessing you're trying to say that even after doubling to 16, it still sucks compared with "common RISC processors (which typically have 32–64 registers) or VLIW-like machines such as the IA-64 (which has 128 registers)." I'm getting right sick of the British Library being a Microsoft shill. I've just been reading, again, about their involment in the embarrassment that is the ISO approved OOXML. The CELT developers themselves say "CELT brings CD-quality sound to VoIP-style low-delay applications" but it would be easy to get into an argument about what "CD-quality" means. On another note, as the other poster stated, AMR is patented. Not everyone includes that in their own personal definition of "proprietary", but the two words are synonyms. After I wrote that I recognised the ambiguity and I was going to go back and edit it to say something like "actively enforced patents to generate licence fees", but I thought it was obvious enough as it was, given the context. They are making their own "swf viewer". It's called HTML5 and it's the reason you can't find any Flash on their own webpage, or on their iPhones. Sold in ? All the graphs are hilariously bad for a site with tech-geek audience. They only just stopped using a translucent 3D pie-chart. But it's still tilted, drop-shadowed, single colored and, most importantly of all, a friggin pie chart in which we need to eyeball differences between several items less than 5%. Just give us a table of figures and a bar chart for love of tufte. If you want to be trendy make it sortable with javascript. And it's the trends that actually count anyway! I truly dispair every month when they wheel this out. No, 10^9 is a Milliard: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milliard I was also joking. "Billion" suffers from the same problem as "Gigabyte". It has two mutually exclusive definitions (10^9 and 10^12) so you can't use it without the possibility of some confusion resulting. Firefox got it's big push when the geeks forced it on their friends and family. Linux is probably nearing that point. It's probably acceptable for the ordinary punter already, but whichever family member does their tech-support is probably happier in Windows or Mac OS X. That's not really true. The overlap between Firefox users and Netscape users is minuscule due to the massive growth in web usage (and the fact that netscape pretty much died before Fireox took off). There's a nice graph that shows this (and the fact that IE usage has always been growing, though it has now slowed to a standstill) here: http://www.flickr.com/photos/asadotzler/3421742213/sizes/o/ The worst I can say about monopolies is that they destroy economic value. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monopoly#Monopoly_and_efficienc... Microsoft has removed Billions from the economy, even above the Billions they transferred from others to themselves. In more prosaic terms, monopolies "make articles scarce, make them dear and make them bad". All in all, not good and while it is generally recognized that Microsoft makes things shoddy and expensive compared with a free market, I find it a shame that it's not better recognised that they have limited the spread of computing technology. Unless I'm misunderstanding something, that is what these type of tools do. That appears to be the standard way to present performance improvements. Have a look at any recent announcement of javascript advances or other ruby improvements. But I agree it's somewhat confusing. I thought the iPhone didn't support those kind of barcodes due to physics based limitations of the camera/lens. If they're doing something really clever to read these barcodes it makes some sense to not just give it away. The Apache licence does give them that option. I'm amused by the two strong themes in the comments, which I've seen before when geeks are confronted with new devices: "If I'm not in the target demographic, then the people who designed it are idiots" "It doesn't make sense to pay more for a device that does a small number of things well, when you can buy something else for less that will do a large number of things poorly." Quite a good review, I'm intrigued by the hackability and I'm quite pleased to see people from the free software community (as in the recent litl webbook announcement) delivering actual products based on those tools and, in this case, free content too. It's a big story currently in the UK so this article doesn't try to cover it all just one minor element. Namely, that politicians have been claiming that even if they take advice from scientists, then the politicians are still the experts in how people will react to changes in legislation. Which is clearly false. The basics details of the actual story are here: http://en.wikinews.org/wiki/Political_fallout_from_the_sacki... and here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Nutt#Government_positions You only need a UK TV licence to watch live TV online, not replay things that have already been broadcast. iPlayer Doesn't Require A TV Licence... Yet : http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/bbcinternet/2008/01/iplayer_does_... When did OpenOffice become a shorthand for 'bad usability'? I mean they're basically just cloning Microsoft Office (There's a joke there but I'll avoid it). I can think of a bunch of problems with OpenOffice but I've never felt they had a particular problem with usability, not compared with Microsoft Office nor with your average Windows or Linux app. Don't get me wrong there is always room for improvement and they used to do some crazy stuff years back (like have their own desktop) but I'm fairly certain that's in the past. I enjoyed the This American Life clip, even though I've watched it before. However, I feel it somewhat undermines his thesis that in my school, if there was a fight in the playground it would not be unusual for the bystanders to spit on the pair scuffling on the ground. People can be dicks, with or without video technology being involved. Maybe you've got a point, but you've not presented any evidence. DivX and Xvid and most "open-source" video codecs infringe on the same basic patents and so require patent licences from MPEG-LA. The question at hand is whether the same amount of companies (or simply enough) would have invested in video codecs without the ability to create monopolies via patents. And the "regulation" in this case is for China and other developing nations to pay a tithe to more developed nations because they got there first and planted a flag on some unclaimed (intellectual) property. You should have your INTP badge revoked if you believe in the blatant quackery of Myers-Briggs. Just read about its history and development. You don't need to read the criticisms to see it's bunk. The results vary so much because a fundamental tenet of Myers-Briggs is that Intro/Extroversion and all the other things they claim to measure aren't normally distributed. It's as if you measured height and had to classify everyone into tall or short because your theory suggests that no-one is average height. Obviously most people are going to be actually hovering around the average but the minor variations in height and measurement combined with an abitrary cutoff mean that one day large chunks of people will be "tall" and the next they'll be "short" and vice versa. And yet, based on your testing, one day you'll be telling these people they'd be ideally suited to basketball, then next suggesting they become jockeys. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator#Sta... http://www.apple.com/opensource/ http://opensource.apple.com/ http://www.macosforge.org/ What exactly does that CEO think he is selling, for $10 dollars a month, to people who don't even realise they've bought something? Also, Firefox already gets snippy with Webkit because they bail on dealing with difficult corner cases (the page showing the HTML5 spec itself being a recent example), then trumpet how fast they are. Let's see how fast IE9 is when it actually supports the standards properly. I'm tired of this meme. I bought an iPhone because it's a browser with a permanent 3G connection. I use gmail, google reader, wikipedia, iPlayer and many other web apps that are simply saved bookmarks. Despite the initial app goldrush the few free apps that I've installed seem to be ad supported and are generally simple enough that they would probably work fine as Html5 apps. Obviously some apps, notably games, need native access but the initial bitching came from existing Mac developers with Cocoa experience. The big problem For everyone else was lack of access to iPhone hardware features via JavaScript. It is supposed to replace XP netbooks, at least some of them. I know geeks have trouble with "less is more", particularly when we're talking about computers but, for ordinary mortals, XP is a mixed bag of benefits (running Skype and a thousand other native apps) and costs (running all sorts of malware, and various equally nasty bits of software to keep you safe from the malware). Anyone normal who's switched to a Mac from Windows, or put the money they would have spent on a netbook on an iPhone touch has made the similar tradeoffs. Less traditional PC apps but better at doing the things they care about. Google has said that whenever people use the web, they make money. They're behaviour so far (Open Source browsers, deals with Firefox, apps for iPhone) suggests they have no real need or desire to lock people into their client software, when they can lock people into their server software which they access from any modern browser, on a phone or a PC. The answer to that question is "yes", but that's not the question they ask in the column. They continually ask about how to sell software after making it open source, which is (or at least should be) stupid by definition, but some people are too steeped in the old ways to understand how crazy that sounds and start asking the real question: "If it won't let me make money by selling software, then how will it let me make money?" Who was it that said the easiest way to make money from open source is to use it? (One of the MySQL guys I think) PS why is there " a session entitled, "Is Open Source Old News?" at the Microsoft PDC (Professional Developers Conference)" The mixed messages on Open Source from Microsoft continue. Just reading through the chromium OS documentation and they at least claim that in future versions you'll be able to log in with an openid instead of a Google ID and use non-Google web apps. This just shows how ingrained this mindset is. Even Gruber doesn't think there is anyone right now who only needs one or two bikes. Apparently the world consists only of people with two computers. Nobody has a single computer that is overseeving their needs and it is inconcievable that there are people who simply haven't bought one yet, perhaps because they are overwhelmed by their complexity. Why does it say [scribd] in the Hacker News title? Okay, then there's two issues here: 1. Adding something in square brackets after a title looks like a format hint (e.g. [pdf]) and not a seperate, clickable link 2. With Safari (Mac and iPhone) the second link just gives me the PDF file on the arm.com site. Is scridb unsupported on these platforms? Is its purpose purely adding a redirect? What value does this add? One big issue with this is that fair use is a US concept and is much more reasonable than many other countries. The UK is fairly black and white about copyright. About the NIMBYism: that was just one more part of the article that sounded like a press release from the US rare earth producers. Basically, they want protectionist policies to avoid foreign competition and they want exemptions from environmental legislation. So just the same as every other business in existence . Every business has its pet bogeyman to scare legislators (or to give legislators plausible cover for their actions). I'm sure China will play this role well for various groups. I think you've been misled. That's an international company's website that is using "fair use" as a catch all term for similar legal concepts. I don't think that page is specifically talking about UK law (e.g. "The actual specifics of what is acceptable will be governed by national laws, and although broadly similar, actual provision will vary from country to country." ) and I believe the 2004 date is just when they updated that page. I coincidentally just attended a briefing on copyright given by our lawyers on Thursday and the basic message was that the exemptions are complex and incredibly tight and have gotten much tighter recently (particularly "non-commercial" is a shadow of its former self). From Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_dealing "Fair dealing is an enumerated set of possible defenses against an action for infringement of an exclusive right of copyright. Unlike the related United States doctrine of fair use, fair dealing cannot apply to any act which does not fall within one of these categories. In practice, common law courts might rule that actions with a commercial character, which might be naïvely assumed to fall into one of these categories, were in fact infringements of copyright as fair dealing is not as flexible a concept as the American concept of fair use." The fact that "fair dealing" is a list of narrow exemptions in the legislation, rather than a general concept is why we're still waiting for new legislation that will allow us to legally rip CDs to put on our iPods while in the US a judge can decide that it is "fair use". Did the Xbox break even? This seems a surprisingly hard question to get a straight answer for. There's regularly stories about it being "profitable" but they generally mean that they stopped making a yearly loss. Seldom, if ever, do they ask if and when the cumulative yearly profits gave a suitable Return on Investment. There was a show in the UK where they trained husbands like dogs. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/4457416.stm Interestingly, much like Super Nanny (and I believe Dog Whisperer, though I've not seen much of it) they generally showed that "bad" behavior in the Husband (Child/Dog) was often a direct result of the behavior of the Wife (Parent/Owner) and much of the changes involved the Wife (Parent/Owner) changing how they deal with things rather than directly changing the Husband (Child/Dog). One example was a husband who never helped with the chores. The cameras revealed that every time he tried to help his work was immediately criticized and often redone afterwards by the wife. Confronted with video evidence the wife realized the counter-productive nature of her actions. This however didn't stop a reverse-sexism backlash as seen in the link above. Reading this article (which expands on a point from Lockhart's Mathmatician's Lament ) it suddenly struck me that, despite very nearly studying math at university, I had never actually been taught maths. "I was wrong about Web apps being able to replace native apps right now" Strange, as I'm fairly certain he didn't say that. He said the lower end could be replaced with web apps right now and if Apple opened up more API's to web apps then many more apps could too. Which is true. Also, Apple's "App Store" for Web Apps: http://www.apple.com/webapps/ I own an iPhone but don't really follow the development side of things so maybe you could answer a question: A short while ago all the iPhone devs were complaining that their apps were being overshadowed by total crap that was being churned out and sold at 99c. Did that get fixed? Because that seems to be the downside of the easy charging of consumers, yet no-one has mentioned it during this recent storm in a teacup. At last an opportunity to get this question answered: Surely "Trust but Verify" is a joke? Or at least a paradox. If you trust someone then you don't need to verify, and if you verify then you aren't trusting someone. And yet many people, such as this post and Ronald Reagan use it as if it just a simple slogan without a dark double-meaning. Is it just me? I don't see how someone who "trusts but verifies" would act any different from someone who "distrusts and therefore verifies" apart from (falsely) telling the person being checked up on that they are "trusted". Any Russians want to comment? Isn't this (and many other similar points) just a generalisation of: "Apple has spent time and effort making native apps work seamlessly, they haven't bothered for web apps" This applies to missing APIs for photo upload, bugs or missing features in Webkit (even stuff that's there but not widely known), user "installation", even payment. If that is the case then you can say "webapps are limited (currently (on the iPhone (compared with native Cocoa apps)))" but that's a completely different statement from "webapps suck". What's odd is that Google isn't banging this drum hard for Android, but they are for ChromeOS. I simply can't take any Wikipedia criticism seriously. The mainstream media isn't going to publish anything about Wikipedia unless it's got a hook. "Online Encyclopedia Still Surprisingly Useful" just isn't catchy enough. For non-mainstream criticism, it generally seems to be, well lets say, "kooks". I actually seek out new criticism in the hope that it may be enlightening. Most recently I saw a blog comment from someone who wrote a column in the Guardian newspaper about Wikipedia's problems and how it is a cult. I literally just remembered this, and Google'd for it and found this: "I'm on Wikipedia, get me out of here" : an article complaining about his own Wikipedia article. http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/2006/sep/28/wikipedia.w... Which has a link to all his articles (which seem overwhelmingly to be Wikipedia criticism): http://www.guardian.co.uk/profile/sethfinkelstein And a couple of results down a story about his conflict of interest in this particular story: "Seth Finkelstein, The Guardian and Wikipedia" http://blog.shankbone.org/2009/04/20/seth-finkelstein-the-gu... You really couldn't make it up. I'd love to read some actual thoughful criticisms but just can't seem to find them. Links are appreciated if you're aware of any. I heard recently that Arnie offered to do the voice for the Terminator in the German dub of the film of the same name. They said no because his accent made the killer robot sound like a farmer or country bumpkin to German ears. Though strangely, the "winners" in these things are usually accents that would generally be considered low-class in a similar manner to AAVE e.g. Scots and Geordie accents. It's very easy to build a spam-filter that stops all spam simply by dropping all mail. Similarly you can easily avoid false-positives by letting anything through. What's really tricky is to create an algorithm, or a process involving humans, which keeps both false-positives and false-negatives within tolerable limits (and also what ratio between the two is desirable). I've not noticed much complaint about nonsense and spam in Wikipedia which I assume means it's being dealt with by the very same people who are complained about when they delete something valuable. I have experience of a similar project (where I generally argue for less drastic policing) but it seems rare for anyone in these debates to acknowledge that there is a balance and that any attempt to enforce a standard is going to have a negative impact on contributions, and vice versa, any attempt to make it easier for newbies will probably lead to more mistakes and vandalism. There can be a third way but the most active commentators seem to polarized to contribute to furthering that. There was a similar article based on (I think) the Mac chrome bug tracker. Basically Gears stopped working and the Google developer said, in the future they were supporting native HTML5. This shouldn't be a surprise as in the past they've said Gears is just a way to get HTML5 into browsers that wouldn't otherwise support it. Some of it seems a bit ill informed and fanboy-ish though. I'm not a JVM expert but claiming, for example, that "Hotspot [is] available wherever Java is available" is clearly false. Maybe he means JIT when he says Hotspot, but that's not true either. The Zero and Shark projects are currently trying to bring OpenJDK and then a JIT to the platforms that Sun doesn't directly support (and even then doing it in a hacky way, as doing it for real i.e. rewriting Hotspot would be too much work): http://icedtea.classpath.org/wiki/ZeroSharkFaq And I'd love someone knowledgeable to compare the "free upgrades" you get from JVM updates to the same effect you get from GCC or LLVM improvements, Profile Guided Optimisation or updates in underlying libraries and OSes. In general the summary could be "We build our wacky idiosyncratic language on top of a mature, well-engineered, portable system that was designed and built to do something else". Matz also built his Ruby on top of mature, well-engineered portable systems (Unix etc.) and while Ruby is cool and benefitted from building on that base, it wasn't magic pixie dust (or people wouldn't be so keen on JRuby). From the context he seems to just be talking about code coverage as a metric, not TDD (though maybe he goes into more detail in the book?). TDD claims to lead to higher coverage but I guess they'd claim to help you avoid missing logic paths too. Since you start with tests and then write code so that you've always got high coverage. If you've not written a test for it then you can assume that it doesn't work. The alternative is to write a bunch of code, then add just enough tests to keep a coverage metric happy. Lazy competition isn't what makes Chrome fast , it's what makes Chrome exist in the first place. By shifting people's expectations of speed, security, stability and capability in a browser upwards they also move the lower bound that Microsoft can lag behind (in order to prevent the internet undermining their monopolies) without publicly embarrassing themselves. It's like a technical version of the Overton Window: http://www.correntewire.com/the_overton_window_illustrated I think the "suit to an interview" case is a good example because that quite clearly is not a case of dressing "well" or "properly" but rather of conforming to the irrational (neckties!) dictates of people who are going to give you money, but who would otherwise would never be considered fashion or style authorities. Yet, most people offering it seem to be implying that the language you use at an interview is somehow "better", more "standard" or clearer. I immediately think of the situation of two "dialect" speakers at an interview, both using a different form for "clarity". If these two (or two doctors etc.) can't speak to each other in their own dialect, which I'm guessing most folks of the above option wouldn't think proper, then where does that leave the clarity argument. (I'll also note the circularity of excluding people who don't talk in a certain way from something, then claiming that you need to talk in a certain way to become part of that group). But I have to wonder why this isn't just a contribution to the original thread. Surely a command line browser like lynx, links, w3m or whatever would achieve this (and more since you can read the original page too)? It might also prod pg or whoever to use better markup so you don't see "[greyarrow]" as link text instead of "upvote". Is that the standard twitter site, the old m.twitter.com site for mobile phones or the new mobile.twitter.com for webkit based phones? This is an area where webapps should already be competitive. "specialized touchscreen device" = color ebook reader? iphone or ipod touch competitor? They've publicly stated it's "unix-based" or some such nonsense, so it's linux. I'm pretty sure that's just nonsense. They tried to say something about it only having Wi-Fi and then just lost the plot. Also these days you can bridge from 3G to Wifi via external devices which makes this slightly less of an issue. It would be more accurate to say "warmest since instrumental records began" (160 years ago). Otherwise you're just playing into the hands of the dinosaur deniers who seem to have found a new branch of science to attack. And there's the possibility that gobal warming could shut off the warm water that comes to the UK from Florida. If that happens the UK would have weather more suited to its latitude (think Moscow) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cities_by_latitude#60%C... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shutdown_of_thermohaline_circul... Of course, there's a chance it might go the other way and we'd get an extra rise in temperature. The actual article is pretty good. I just think the title in particular, probably due to headline length restrictions, draws a fairly arbitrary line between on record and not. We know what the temperature was like before 160 years ago from lots of different sources. Indeed that's a big bit of climate science right there. To act as if there's a big discontinuity between those and recorded temps is a bit simplistic. After all those man-made measurements can be off for a million different reasons too, so you still need to do some science to e.g. average them and throw out crazy outliers because of malfunctions. See point five, here: http://www.informationisbeautiful.net/visualizations/climate... He also has the sources and data available, see the links at the bottom. I wonder if they intentionally put in the translation of "Sik - cool" in the sidebar to emphasise how ridiculous the opening contention of this article is. Or is "cool" no longer slang, daddy-o? Very nice. Now they just need to add the ability to sort the table by clicking on the column heads (and have that reflected in the charts). I've not looked into NaCl much but maybe someone can answer me this: running "real" code in a browser but sandboxed for security? Isn't that Java? This seems particularly key when they're talking about running Chrome OS on ARM. I'd suggest the author's (mis)conceptions about the limits of browser based apps is 7 years out of date. It's not even an explicit argument, it's just an unspoken assumption that web apps aren't the real thing. Actually, maybe it is explicitly stated: "But the browser, being a viewer of HTML5+CSS+JavaScript is not capable of ‘blowing you away', so we have to move beyond it." But, every negative point he raises about web apps (which aren't many or particularly fundamental) is being worked on feverishly by Google (and Apple, and others). But even if you take his argument seriously, he's only saying that rich-client will be thin, platform-specific wrappers round the APIs of what are fundamentally cross-platform web apps. Hardly a resounding victory. Another key finding is that your subjective impression of productivity will be wrong if you exceed 35 hours per week. You'll think you're more achieving more even as you dip below the average productivity. For the more Machiavellian among us, he also claims you'll be rewarded by management more on appearance of productivity (i.e. long hourse) than on actual results. A recent study claimed that (at least in written text) youngsters were actually better than previous generations at writing for a particular audience and switching modes appropriately ( kairos ). I find it amusing, but unsurprising, that something that gets people all upset (txt messaging and email "slang") is actually shown to enhance kids skills. I really wouldn't be surprised to hear the same about spoken slang. Let's not count our chickens before they hatch: "Harry Metcalfe, who helped sites get at postcode data, said he was "cautiously optimistic" about the decision to open up the OS data sets. "The 'how' is terribly important, quite easily the difference between a fantastic data release and a waste of time," he said. He said it would "possibly" be enough to help websites that want to use postcode data. "Maybe probably." he said. "It will be if it's done right."