I know this isn't the right place to ask this, but why is there no down arrow for submissions/comments? And why when you upmod something does the arrow disappear! Where's the undo? Here's a work in progress of mine that uses long polling and keep-alives. http://www.zchatter.com It works quite well.. pretty much like having a conventional tcp/ip connection for receives, (interlaced with HTTP traffic), and using a separate series of POST requests to send data to the server. I disagree... users love seeing new features. If they don't work so well, they don't care. Most likely they'll enjoy them and feel privileged they are getting to use them before they are really ready. They'll see the potential. They'll start imagining what it'll be like once it's finished. If it's a cool, innovative feature they haven't seen before, they'll see it as proof you're a cool place to be. Even if half of it doesn't work. Get features out often. Of course make sure they don't break anything else, or reduce the users experience, but users love to see a site evolving and changing with them on board. Could also be an cause and effect mixed up - most websites are designed in an F sort of arrangement, with important stuff at the top, and the left side, and some important stuff half way down. Have they been designed like that because that's how users naturally read stuff, or has it just become the 'norm'. Apart from a failed startup? Seems to be power in general - my MacBook power supply had issues, and apparently it's very common for the casing of the wire to start melting and burning, which is what happened to mine... Quite worrying really. What??!?!?? Explain your workings please. "Can I reformat my iPod and install something else?" Erm yes, of course you can. There's a thriving open source community for iPods replacement O/S and software. Of course. Using the 'standard' firmware on anything is just downright boring. Most firmware uses like 50% of the hardwares capabilities. I'd like some automated rating of video feeds. Write some software to rate how 'interesting' a feed is currently. Start with the easy - is much changing? is there any audio? Then move onto harder things - how many people are viewable in the video. Then maybe you could display the feeds in order of current 'interestingness'. Otherwise trawling through them gets a bit tedious. Is anyone else really really bored with facebook and all the news stories/hype/hyperbole surrounding it? I agree. I'm bored of the over-hyping. Erm since when were 'ajax' or 'html/css' considered programming languages? People are incredibly fickle. Wasn't myspace around this 'hype' status last year? What website will be next year? Probably not facebook. I used to use desktop email. Pain in the neck - what about when you're using a different PC, what about when you're upgrading to a new O/S, what if you're at an internet cafe and just need to find that email... GMail is excellent. Well thought out interface, and it just works. How much money are we talking? I was under the impression that writing facebook apps is not really a way to make money. After all it's not a simple task to incorporate adverts. People on google are looking for stuff. They'll click on ads if it looks like they'll find the stuff. On facebook people aren't looking for stuff. They're looking for interactions..... with other humans.... not with adverts. Sure, if you can build a big app and then sell it to a company that just wants to 'brand' it and get some exposure that's cool, but I'm pretty skeptical you can make a 'surprising amount of money'. Care to share some examples? Agreed. Using jpegs for what are essentially screenshots makes me sad. jpg is for photos. png/gif is for other graphics. The usual is more like 20-30% override for advertising networks. Still a fair chunk of change though. Surely you can share ballpark figures :) easy to test because it doesn't do much... Only works in the preview though, when you view the page normally all the script/style is stripped out looks like. Saying the user registration is good speaks volumes :) No real product or reason to use it, but at least it's easy to sign up! If all you want is a preview functionality, how about Hardly rocketscience is it... jedit 'professor' comes across as a total dick to me. If he thought the valuation was too low, why didn't he say that instead of insulting people and pissing them off. Talking up the complexity just doesn't cut it for me with this. It's a simple little thing. No way are there "500 different things to do". Maybe 500 lines of code :) Why not open source and let hackers on here help ;) Google never spiders everything . I'd be really surprised if google had caught every single story that had been posted here. OR the flip side - a web consultancy that advises countries on how best to learn English ;) Anyone else find the "COOL multimedia buzzcloud" on that page deeply un cool? I want those 3 minutes back I wasted reading this!!! The music was really quite irritating. Aiming was very hard to get right. Gave up. I don't get it personally. What problem does it solve? How is it better than gmail? Why do I need it? Listing "It extracts phone numbers" as a feature seemed to be scraping the barrel a bit to me. Gmail extracts loads of things. Heck it even recognizes parcel tracking numbers and provides a link to track them afaik. Am I right in thinking it plugs into outlook express? eugh eugh and eugh. I forgot to say desktop email is pretty much dead or soon will be. Who uses a desktop email client these days? "I realize that many of you don't use Outlook anymore and have moved on to Gmail or some other better way to do mail." For me that says it all. Maybe it'll be useful in corporate environments that force people to use outlook, but beyond that I'm not so sure it has much of a shelf life. Could always have a downvote, but weight it as far less than an upvote. Personally I miss having the option of a downvote. Yes I agree downvotes can be an uninformed reflex, but removing any voice of disagreement seems overly harsh. I'd say have upvotes that count as 10 points, and downvotes that count as 1 point or something like that. Here is why we need a down arrow. So what happens if something stupid or banal gets voted up to the front page. What if it's something that I don't think is relevant or useful. Should I upvote every other article to express my opinion? :) People who agree with an article/think it's important/useful have an immediate way to express that in a useful way - an upvote. You don't have the same capability if you strongly disagree with an article, see it as unimportant, not relevant, or off-topic. I still think that's a shame. Not gonna happen IMHO. Facebook is about interacting with other people. Not about clicking on adverts. Google on the other hand is about finding stuff, which can sometimes be achieved by clicking on an ad. And make a lot more money ideas are easy. Executing them is harder. Interesting post. Shame there isn't any discussion of advertising revenue though. Users that choose not to pay can still generate a lot of revenue from advertising. Microsoft..... desparate? ah ok sure. Perhaps it's some sort of dating/matchmaking system. I can see that working, although that's a pretty crowded market already. true :) ok, ideas are easy. Ideas that could potentially make a lot of money aren't too hard to come up with. Ideas that could be the next big thing, are also within most peoples grasp. Still think coming up with the idea is maybe 5% of the work. It's almost as bad as people who register what they think is a great domain name and think that's their website pretty much done now. Yeah arithmetic is so hard most calculators have bugs in them... oh wait a second... some of them seem to be hidden at the bottom of the timeline. I can see the very top half of the text, but not the whole lot. (FF+Mac) I like JSON. Easy to read, easy to work with. I agree. My first thought was "Hmm lots of big adverts.. what else is here?". Then I read and realized. I agree... I like facebook for 2 reasons: It lets me find old friends I've lost touch with, and it shows me what they're up to every now and then. The rest of the crap (Feeding virtual fishes, 'poking' each other), they can keep. The whole 'myspace' mentality of 'requesting friend' then adding ad infinitum - I think that's the weirdest thing. People who religiously seek out 'friends' to add etc. When you have hundreds or even thousands of 'friends' they become meaningless. Couple of years and we'll have all pretty much forgotten about facebook IMHO. It'd be a gross miscalculation for them to believe they're the next google. They should take what they can while they have the hype. Odd... Personally I see Mac as gorgeous on screen fonts, and whenever I have to check things in IE on Windows XP the fonts look like some kid knocked them up in paint shop pro on a lazy sunday. Maybe I'm missing something, but I've not seen nice fonts on windows yet. It's funny how much people these days think defrag does. Defrag does ONE thing, and ONE thing only. It speeds up your hard disk access a bit by making sure files are sequential. It's not going to fix all those driver issues windows gets, won't fix the crappy registry, won't remove all those hidden programs that start up automatically making it take 20 minutes to boot. It won't remove all the IE add-on bars that somehow got installed with some other software. It won't remove all the spyware/adware/viruses. Reboot hourly, reinstall O/S daily. Replace computer weekly. Problem is most PCs that come with windows, also come with the manufacturers own selection of 'shady programs', trials, adware, etc etc designed to make them some extra money. My first thought also. I'd like to be able to block pages by keyword also... or just have a 'community driven' approach - have adults install a toolbar say, and have them mark pages that are suitable for kids. I know it's a radical suggestion, but something that works for me is actually spending time with your kids, and 'sharing' the computing experience together - that way you can make sure they stay on safe sites, and you get to teach them stuff/spend time with them. It's kinda fun :) Being evil would be replacing adsense advert blocks with your own publisher code :D I'm sure if not illegal that would be highly evil. Children click on adverts, but do they 'convert' - leads or sales. If they do not, that click revenue is going to diminish quickly as advertisers start to realize. Sure - I agree. But as far as I see it's harder to get 'branding advertising deals', than results based advertising. maybe the missing '/' after http: ? http://finance.google.com/finance?chdnp=1&chdd=1&chd... I'd love some numbers on that: Does 'active users' actually equate to profit? I hear clickthrough rates for advertising on facebook is something like 0.05% If 100,000 users were active, that would equate to 50 clicks on adverts, which is probably going to make enough money to buy a coffee or something. Definitely. There are a few things to bear in mind... 1. Make sure your landing page is relevant to your keywords. If it is not, Google will give it a bad score, and your minimum bid will be raised, and you'll get less traffic. So make sure keywords appear on the landing page as you would for SEO. 2. Make sure your ad-copy is good. You can create loads of differently worded adverts, and Google will work out which one gets the best CTR, and show that one the most. So spend a long time experimenting with different wording. It's sometimes surprising what changing a single word can sometimes make. (If your CTR is too low google will also reduce your quality score, and so increase your minimum bids). If you pick popular keywords you can have traffic coming within about 30 minutes I've found. Spend a while using the keyword tool, and adding your own variations - as many as you can think of. When you start getting traffic on some keywords, expand that avenue - use the keyword tool to find other similar keywords. How many keywords do you have and what sort of sector are we talking here? $5 is quite a lot unless you're doing finance/law etc Have you ever endured MSN adcenter? Yahoo? Google adwords is a dream compared to them. Also the desktop adwords editor is excellent - makes big changes easy to do. http://www.google.com/intl/en/adwordseditor/ Completely depends on the sector though. Some things fly on the content network (adsense), some things die. "when I find a bug in my software" Hrmm... for me, mostly it's a case of finding bugs in IE, and creating work-arounds in my own code. Nothing major here, you can already do this with a hidden iframe if you like. Or another way for sensationalists to moan about being spied upon? Seriously... They already know you searched for "X". What difference does it make if they load some stuff in your browser cache. What extra information does that give them? How is this spying? True, so the top result may know that you searched for them even if you didn't click on them. I'm at a loss to see how they would use that information in a bad way though - all they have is some server logs telling them a person from the IP address a.b.c.d did a search for them, and google suggested the browser prefetch their page. I know it's the principle and a slippery slope and everything, but I'm not sure how an IP is of any use - especially given the number of ISPs that use dynamic pools, or web caches etc 'installs several cookies' eugh please Thanks. Cookies get set. They're data the server asks the client to remember for it. The word 'install' suggests something much more. I'd say because for most people it'll speed up the responsiveness of their browsing experience, and they won't really care if a website sets a cookie or logs their IP address. If you're doing something you don't want to be spied on, anonymous proxies work well. Not sure about the intro, but when I found the secret key combination to skip it..... WOW! All my dreams came true. I shall use this site every day. Wow you must be fun to work with I don't think it's a great argument. Perhaps Apple will beat Nokia in America, but since America is about 5 years behind Europe/Asia in mobile technology it's pretty irrelevant anyway. "If Microsoft and Yahoo want to add Twitter functionality to their communication and publishing tools--which is now a competitive imperative--they can build this functionality themselves, or...buy Twitter. The first option, by the way, has failed miserably in the past. For example, Yahoo's soft-phone VOIP service is nowhere compared to Skype (which is saying something, given that Skype isn't exactly knocking the cover off the ball)." I don't think you can really compare writing a 'twitter like app' with a VOIP service. Rewriting twitter would probably take a day or 2 surely. Why is this interesting? Yeah we're all sinners. Seriously - 'man made global warming' is turning into a cult. It's a very scary movement that is trying to restrict what 3rd world countries can do. Kinda reminds me of the 'year 2000 bug'... "Oh no the worlds computers will blow up!!! You better all spend loads of money on fixing it" "Oh.... nothing much happened... well thank god we spent all that money 'fixing' it." If you have some intelligent argument to make, go ahead. However, it doesn't look like you do. At the moment you look like the person with his fingers in his ears spouting out endless "If X then Y", that you seem to think somehow 'proves your point'. Did you read the article? Read any other scientific articles on the subject? Or are you just a 'believer' Cambridge has a lot of tech companies on it's science park these days. http://www.cambridgesciencepark.co.uk/companies.php MySpace really hurts my eyes and brain. Whoever admits to creating it should be hung. Amazon sells stuff. Google makes money from a fantastic advertising business model. What does facebook do again? No one clicks on adverts on facebook. Just wait until Axe realise their ROI is practically 0. Perhaps they can make it work, I don't know. I do know that when I started seeing adverts in my mini-feed I thought "For god sake it goes downhill now, I don't think I shall be using facebook much longer" 'we can make stupider investments than you'? ;) Just to add: Google made a great business model by placing relevant adverts along side natural search results. People click on them because in some cases, they are what they wanted to find. Facebook advertising 'Axe' in my minifeed (Which is supposed to tell me whats going on with friends etc), is totally wrong. It's like a popup. It's in no way relevant. No one will click on it/care about it, and it'll just drive users away to whatever's next. I don't really see what problem is solves... maybe I don't have such a passion for books. Sounds like unless you want really detailed information on out of print books, what already exists is good enough. Am I missing the killer feature? ie the things that are dying out... In time the O/S will be pretty irrelevant - like desktop software. Aaron Swartz is to ycnews, as xkcd comics are to reddit. Instantly upvoted to top page all the time. It gets boring on both sites IMHO upvote everything else - kinda works(ish)? If they're taking your money, they're going to be helpful ;) But agreed. Far better customer service than microsoft or yahoo. Worrying title, but then you read "We've been made aware that a small number of Web sites attempt to trick Mac OS X users to install malicious software on their Macs," So not a security hole, but a website with a .png of the software update box or something? A larger number of websites/phishing emails try to trick you into entering personal details... just one of those things. ah ok, still though - requires the user to make a mistake. I'm not too worried about that sort of thing. If I make a mistake, I only have myself to blame. If something can infiltrate my computer without me making a mistake, that's the time to worry... I really hope that if multiple cores increase, they are done in a way which hides them from the programmer. For example a 32 core CPU, but that appears as a very very fast single core. That's where the concurrency/'threading' issues should live, not in everyones code. Threads are usually the problem IMHO not the solution. I don't agree with the suggestion that javascript will need threads either. Javascript works extremely well in a single thread. There isn't really much of a need for threads. Having multiple cores doesn't change that, it just means you might need some abstraction layer like I described above, that utilizes all cores, whilst appearing as a single core. I'd agree about applets. They look ugly in the main, trying to make them not look ugly and out of place is very hard. Startup time is very slow, and they do stick out like a sore thumb saying "1990s! 1990s!" If a website is slow, and looks ugly users are going to be less likely to use it. Cambridge does seem to have a lot going for it with the science park etc (I'm based not too far away in Ipswich). Would be interested how other peoples experiences have been regarding getting funding though (I haven't got that far yet). Same here regarding webcam. Webcam didn't light up. (MacBook) But the 'startups' that get posted here from him are lame IMHO An on line book library catalogue thing? A text based wiki thing? I mean come on. Credit where credit's due, and it's certainly not due IMHO. Point taken. Perhaps all the 'publicity' is actually unwanted. Perhaps he doesn't consider himself to be 'all that'. Do we really need to blindly upvote any article that mentions him? ;) ok enough... Sure. Re-reading my comment it does sound a bit harsh, and I agree - the idea doesn't have to be earth changing to be wildly successful. I guess we'll see in time what becomes of his startups. Sounds good to me. Would be great to meet some like minded hackers. I agree. Most of the time I solve problems when I'm in the bath, or asleep, or doing something other than coding. Getting in the zone and actually coding solutions up is great (Usually happens late at night when everyone else is asleep for me), but as you say, you need that downtime to think about the next problems. Please don't group Java together with .NET :D I like forums, but for some things they are a bit stale. It's like having a pen pal as opposed to going down the pub with some friends. Some great ideas are born from discussions at the pub over a drink. I created #startups on irc.freenode.net so feel free to come and chat/hang out there. Yeah I agree. For question/answers a forum is probably better suited. Chat is good for brainstorming and socializing/networking though. Java and C#/C++ are very similar languages as far as I know. ASP.NET seems very similar to PHP. .NET just sounds a horrible mess. VB.NET? why would anyone touch anything that has a language 'visual' 'beginners'. Don't those two words hint at anything? Comparing Java (the language) to .NET (the system that lots of m$ languages run on) doesn't make much sense though IMHO. You don't know?? Inconceivable! Microsoft really seem to be moving backwards rather than forwards judging from the decision to change the renderer for outlook 2007 from ie to word. It is a matter of taste and opinion though. We had a programmer at our office who used to use strings for everything. Any datatype, he'd use a string anyway. He thought it made things uniform and easy. So he'd probably feel the urge to rewrite everything. That doesn't mean it's bad code, it just means he has issues :) Try using a desktop whilst sat on the toilet. Or am I the only one...? I'm not sure it's incredibly fast, sure it uses auto-complete and ajax to load things instead of a page refresh, but it seems a similar speed to conventional web based dictionaries to me. This is something I've been working on for a little while now. Screenshots: IRC plugin: http://www.mibbit.com/mibbit.png Telnet plugin: http://www.mibbit.com/telnet.png Jigsaw game: http://www.mibbit.com/jigsaw.png It's just running on my home ADSL at the moment, so if you can't get into some of the IRC servers that may be why (I don't have an i-line yet). The site should work ok on FF/IE, and mostly ok on Opera bar a few cosmetic issues. Probably doesn't work too well on anything else at the moment. I have lots of big ideas for it, but would be interested to hear any early feedback for it so far. It's a kinda ajaxy framework. Currently the plugins are - IRC client - Telnet client - Multi player jigsaw game heh I wasn't that bothered about the 'suggest' feature. You still have to wait for the definition to appear. Still cool, but I'm not sure it's much faster (Assuming you don't care about the suggest functionality). Thanks for the feedback, I'm a programmer, not a UI designer ;) I do plan on getting some decent UI design in the future. To play games/connect to other IRC servers/etc etc just click on the 'welcome tab' again. Not sure about the scrolling messages, the chat output will scroll as long as the scrollbar is at the bottom. If you resize the window that can sometimes affect the scrollbar position so it could have been that. I should have explained, this isn't something I'd show end users, it's just an early stage hard to use prototype. Yeah nice game. Might code up a plugin of that :) thanks. Sure. I should have made it clearer. This isn't something I'd show users, just some early toys I made. I find it really surprising some people don't use the apps they are developing. If you're not using it day in day out heavily, how can you know what's likely to irritate users. Use the app all the time, if it's slow or buggy you'll soon get irritated by it enough to fix it :) As a developer you should be one of the biggest users IMHO innerHTML is also really really evil. Apart from making for horrible ugly code, it plain doesn't work for many things (tables/forms have issues). I'd take many of the points with a pinch of salt. Use profilers, and other debug methods to find out what works/doesn't work in your code. For example the point about event listeners vs setting node.onclick. Perhaps it is marginally quicker. But will the user notice unless you add 1,000 event listeners? Unlikely. Might not even notice then. It all depends on where and how it's used. Also obviously you can't use .onclick if you want several event handlers attached to the same event unless you do that functionality yourself. I really wish people would stop this fad of rubbishing the reader in titles. "The best X you've ever seen" "Everything you've been taught is wrong" "Why you're wrong about everything" "10 things you don't know about X" "Why you'll never amount to anything" "All the code you write is rubbish. Here's how to do it." etc Most of the time the article doesn't live up to the claim in the title. Security issues, and often not the right way to do things, but not sure of massive performance issues with it. I agree, although playing online poker is kinda fun. Watching a tug of war between 2 currencies? Doesn't really have the same appeal. Sounds like a great idea to me. Anything that cuts down the repetitive questions is great. For instance in ##javascript, half the questions posed end with the answer "Use a closure". These are public channels anyway, archiving them seems fine to me. I'm surprised google hasn't got in on this yet. cool talk! Is there a way to full-screen archived clips in the player? Yeah I do agree to a certain extent. Forum posts are obviously going to be archived, and examined, and remain public. Chat-rooms seem more of a grey area to me. I can see enormous use to archiving and mining the data, but on the other hand it does look slightly creepy being able to search and find some inane conversation I might have had months ago when I was in a silly mood. I agreed with you right up until 'Microsoft'. You can also use www.mibbit.com to connect ;) Agreed. Although tagclouds still need to die :) Would people use it though? Surely it's a... "I want to watch the rest of this video" vs "I'm going to click on this toaster and see special offers for toasters" Seems like either the video will be so boring people will want to escape via adverts, or the video will be interesting and no one will click on 'ads'. Perhaps I'm missing something. Good idea. Work in progress... http://www.mibbit.com/irc.freenode.net-startups Actually works now, but only for that server/channel at the moment. Also my ident server is down so login is a little slower than it should be. It'll log you in either with your mibbit username if you're known, or with a random mibbit session nick. "The best is yet to come, as Advertising rates will increase and I think Microsoft will become a leader in the space as they are innovating and Brian McAndrews who leads the Advertiser and Publisher Solutions seems to know what he is talking about." That is simply laughable. Ask anyone who has used msn adcenter vs google adwords. Microsoft have absolutely no clue whatsoever IMHO. JSON really is so so so so much nicer than XML. Checking 'this instanceof' on every single call to the function seems a bad idea to me, not to mention having the function call itself again to construct the object. If you use the function as it was intended, you won't have problems. I have to say it's not been a 'debugging nightmare' for me... >> "So there you have it: A simpler syntax for classical-style object instantiation that easy for end users and is more robust and resilient to misuse." I guess if you do prefer classical-style, and are prone to misusing things, it could be handy. Far easier just to make your constructors start with uppercase. function Foo() { // This is a constructor, starts with 'F' function foo() { // This isn't a constructor It's not the money though. If microsoft offered far higher rates for publishers, and far lower rates for advertisers than google does, I'd still be reluctant to use microsoft. The main blocker is that they simply cannot write webapps. The interface for dealing with adcenter is amongst the worst webapps of all time. It's a very very slow painful procedure to get anything done at all. Things you can do in adwords in 5 minutes can take hours in msn adcenter. Facebook is quite like the emperors new clothes IMHO I'd rather slow sustainable growth, than hype filled growth. Facebooks growth is hot air... which at some point will all come pouring out. The comparison shopping sector is a madly crowded one. What you have is an interesting innovation, but it depends how you're going to get users and steal market share from the other gazillion comparison sites out there. Still amazes me you can get patents on such things. If you touch a screen with 2 fingers, and draw them outwards or inwards, what other thing could they conceivably control other than zoom? Amazing :) This is a really really old page. Interesting for historical reasons, but the limit isn't really there any more. I'd say IE is pretty much a lost cause. I doubt it'll be years before it's implemented/deployed. As you see a lot of it is supported already and it's not even finalized. I think that's pretty good going. IE users are always going to have a massive disconnect with the current innovations and technologies, I think the best thing to do is to make them fully aware of what they are missing out on. Sure. It's not a hard problem any more, but as you say, a lot of web servers still haven't had the pressure/motivation to fix it yet. Presumably some of that is due to so much being built on top of apache etc, they have come to rely on 1 thread/process per connection, so it's hard to change from that. I learned to program on the ZX Spectrum (Awesome home computer). The spectrum had a great(ish) keyboard, where each key also had about 3 or 4 BASIC shortcuts on it, which you could get with various shift keys. Also it would recognize when it was expecting a statement, and just use the statement for that key instead of the letter. For example, to type "for f", you would press the 'f' key twice, as it had the shortcut 'For' on it, and also was the letter f. Similarly, to type "next n", you'd hit the 'n' key twice. Perhaps why you sometimes see f and n in for loops. But surely these elevators, from the users point of view, are inferior. What if they change their mind about which floor they want once they've got in? What if they see a closing lift and jump in, not realising it's not a general purpose lift, but one that only stops in certain predefined places. They'll have to get out at the next stop and start again. You have to ask yourself why these lifts are a good idea for the user. If they reduce wait times by 10% I doubt the users of them will care. The convenience of being able to get a lift to stop where you want it to from the inside is more useful IMHO I really can't see them becoming common place. I'd say spend a day, competing. See which one can get the most features, in the least lines/simplest/easiest to maintain code. Why? I'm not convinced this is the number one criteria... Am I missing a joke/reference to something? Why not join networks? There are several around that are free/cheap to join, and you only pay for results. Additionally google now does CPA as well as CPC, and you can target specific websites. eval isn't slow. It's fast. That's why the JSON decoder at json.org uses it. It simply makes sure the input is 'clean' - eg simple json notation data, then evals it. Similarly, surely this could land you in big trouble: dd if=/dev/urandom of=testfile bs=1024 count=1024 You could end up with a copyrighted mp3 file, some trade secrets, various passwords, credit card numbers, etc And another point... "Converting PI to binary" What?? What base is PI in to start with? Surely the title should be "Calculating PI and storing as binary" or similar. I think hardware makers should just chill out, relax, take a few weeks off, and maybe even help out with software. It's not like current software usually utilizes anywhere near the full potential of given hardware. Surely part of the fun is squeezing every last drop of performance out. Making hardware do cool stuff it wasn't exactly designed to do. Ah well :) I too don't quite understand the mentality of people who have 5,000+ 'friends'. You're from the past aren't you. Completely agree. This is why I wrote my own java webserver 'framework' for my current project. Most existing frameworks are designed to cover a million use-cases. Which makes them non-optimal, and overly complex. "How you can write a fully featured, bug free framework better than an entire web community?" How can a small startup team write software better than an entire corporation? Sorry, but bigger+more developers isn't necessarily better. Gmail does use comet. For the chat. Sounds like focusing on technology, rather than a clear problem that you have a solution to. Comet technology (If you want to call it that) is fantastic. I wrote http://www.mibbit.com using the techniques, and you can bet it loads a lot faster than flash/java applet/anything else. Also these days with browsers on far more platforms, you're not guaranteed flash support. (Not to mention it being proprietary/slow/etc) Focusing on comet though seems like saying "I want to do a web2.0 startup" or "an AJAX startup". They're all just buzzwords with little substance. Does look like you've got a great system, just need the killer app now :) Yes try the telnet app at http://www.mibbit.com I hate using these buzz words, but comet allows the user to get data as soon as they should get it. It's a technique that's been propelled to 'buzzword' status, when it probably shouldn't have been. It'll certainly completely change how websites work though, making them far more responsive and interactive. On the ever expanding TODO list ;) Looked into it and it's not too hard to incorporate. It's already used in applications. IMHO It doesn't really need a 'buzzword'. It's just a common technique. Thanks for the feedback, and agreed about /list. I'm thinking of the best way to present the /list data at the moment, I'd kinda like a hierachial system... computers -> linux -> #ubuntu Probably user generated categories, but not sure yet.... ah well, it's on the todo anyway :) You don't need to give everything a label, one reason I don't like design patterns. The idea behind Comet is an astoundingly simple one. It's using as many techniques as you can think of to emulate a continuous connection from client to server. That's it. If developers can't "invent" it themselves, they aren't a very good developer. Giving them a ready made buzzword won't fix that :) If it was an astoundingly clever algorithm, sure give it a name. But put 10 good hackers in a room that have never heard of or used comet before, and ask them to make a responsive app with javascript, I bet all 10 will 'invent' comet. A lot of spam websites I've seen have slightly similar colour schemes. You know the ones with a ton of text, with selected words highlighted with a yellow background.. ok so it's orange, but it's the only thing I can think of. And I do think there is just way too much text on the front page. I agree actually, make the 'sign up' a simple username/password (preferably with the username checked as you type it for validity and availability. Make that as simple as possible, then have extra user data on a user prefs page. Repeating the password seems stupid to me. Surely it's not just me that uses copy+paste for such things? I would agree, but some people aren't keen on giving their email address straight off the bat. You could be poised to spam them with a million emails. I think username/password, then fill in email etc in profile page, and if they don't fill in their email address, they can't recover their password and will need to create a new account. Depends on what they're signing up for though - how 'lightweight' is it, does it just store some handy prefs for the app, or does it store credit card details for instance. "Semantic Web" - like we need another buzzword. Maybe it's just recently been hyped up to buzzword status. In the case of XP->Vista it seems they got worse. "Prevent imagination overrun" Sounds like taking all the fun out of it. I guess TDD is ok if you have a boring clear idea of what code monkey thing needs churning out, but if you're just exploring, playing around and experimenting with what can be done with a tight development cycle I don't see how TDD can really work. It's like the kid who draws out and designs all his lego creations before he touches any lego, as opposed to the kids that just play around trying cool stuff. 15.3 mpg? Jesus christ get some better cars! Release early and often eh ;) Why use a laptop in 'desktop' mode at all? Last time I used a desktop was... well... years ago. no, discs, DVDs, blueray, HD-DVD... they are all dead. My MacBooks superdrive is barely of use anyway since it has stupid region coding on it so I can't play half the DVDs I own. I think it's great Apple have 'got it' as regards the future. In 5 years people are unlikely to be shoving discs into things. My reaction was: "fantastic news! No more irritating seek noises every damn time my macbook starts! No more tainted region coding infection! No more useless thing I never use anyway!" Great news. Why is this useful or interesting to hackers? Seems like Aaron doesn't like Daniel. Also seems like it belongs in a soap opera and not on ycnews. 1,000 daily users isn't too shabby, not able to make an income off that? Another term for this easy as hell simple technique that doesn't really need explaining anyway? I can already see the books devoted to 'comet' and 'reverse ajax'. I'm sure they'll sell, but you can explain it to someone in a couple of sentences. &#960; street? (3.14159th) edit: jesus christ ycnews doesn't do unicode? pi street? (3.14159th) Fix unicode. (pi) shouldn't be replaced with an 'X' and other unicode characters should work. Think more, code less :) Often I find the more time you spend thinking, the less code you need to write, because you end up with an elegant solution. Sure sometimes you need to churn out the boring code as well... I'd say use a laptop. I simply can't use an old style desktop keyboard - key travel is way too far. Is that necessarily a problem? There are more black basketball players than white. Does that mean there is a problem in white cultures? People do what they want to do, and what they're good at. You're saying white people can jump? ;) I was just saying I don't think it's a worthwhile idea to try and make everyone the same. We're not. Why aren't there as many women founders? Why should there necessarily be. Why aren't there as many male midwives as women... is that a problem? Sure if someone is actively preventing someone from doing something based on their race/gender/etc, then of course it should be solved if possible. I think the main thing is for people to grow up with self belief that they can do whatever they want to. That's terribly wrong IMHO. Very wrong. I used to think similar thoughts until I had kids. Girls and boys are just into different things. From a very early age. They have vastly different interests. Their brains work differently. They have different strengths. The key thing is that it's not just due to surroundings/culture. It's due to how they are wired. The fact is, the probability that a male will 'do a startup' is going to be greater than the probability that a female will. Why try to blame that on society? Why try and change that? "I believe the truth is that boys are girls are not wired differently, and their brains do not work differently." Do you have children? A girl and a boy? I do. I can tell you categorically that they most definitely without a doubt are 'wired' differently. Regardless of what you do. Treat them absolutely identically. Even before they have outside influences. Before they start nursery/school. Before society/friends influence them. They act very differently indeed. I didn't get that before I had kids. I thought girls liked dolls because people give girls dolls. They don't. It's a reflex. It's how they're built. Just like boys love cars and doing outside stuff. I seriously don't know what else to say here if you think men and womens brains are identical and work the same. But as I said before, why do you see it as a problem. It's a problem only if there are women who WANT to be founders, but cannot. Is the fact that fish don't have legs a 'problem'? Only if they long to have legs. (Please don't think I'm likening women to fish, but you get my point hopefuly). Likening it to a hardware dongle is seriously flawed. I don't get this recent spate of Apple bashing. If you don't like them, don't buy them. Personally, I'm getting my MacBook Air thanks. "Which is why, incidentally, Arc only supports Ascii." Is this why unicode is absolutely broken on ycnews? :( Seems a shame not to be even to use characters like pi in comments/titles IMHO Does a pound sign work? GBP edit: no it doesn't. Seriously, if done right unicode support doesn't have to take that long. Especially if you're building something without the need for backward compatibility. Just my 2c. The kind of apps I use (browser, text editor, shell), don't exactly tax the CPU. Even running XP and Ubuntu in parallels is handled fine on my MacBook. Sure the Air is marginally slower, but will I notice? no. I'm getting the Air for the backlit keyboard, the multi touch support, lighness, and lack of a dvd drive. 1. Spend time fixing major deficiency in language that prevents it from being usable. 2. Use language. Maybe I'm being harsh :) I'm sure it's great really, but these days people expect unicode support on websites. What??? I kinda like being able to talk about things as fundamental as money, without having to use (GBP). I'd like to use currency symbols for a start, what about math? I'd like to use pi occasionally. How about I want to add a nice 'tm' or (c) sign. People care if a website is using correct unicode characters or not. Perhaps they don't know/care because the majority of websites now are unicode, and just work. Users care if their name is zoe (with an accent on the e), or if they want to discuss prices of things in euros or GBP. I wrote a php forum a while back. You wouldn't believe the number of emails telling me that the gbp sign doesn't show up properly when they post a comment. "You want Unicode support? Write it in." Sorry but that's like selling someone a car and saying "Oh you want the chassis to be made of metal instead of wood? Well you can change that can't you." I disagree. If you're building something from the start, you decide on a good character set, and use it. Namely Unicode. It's a lot easier to do that than to try and fix things afterwards. Look at php. Dealing with Unicode in php is a major hassle because it wasn't designed from the ground up to support Unicode. It was added in later as a library. So now you have special functions for dealing with unicode, and all the hassle and verbosity that entails in your code. In Javascript or Java however, Unicode just works universally. I'd say choosing a character set is one of the first things you should do as a language designer - that's why I was surprised with the lack of support for anything but ascii which just doesn't cut it any more for real world applications. Saying that adding Unicode is a couple of days work for anyone interested sounds like a recipe for absolute disaster - see how php turned out. OK, he's giving us a car with a wooden chassis. Might be a great car, fun to drive. But it will probably need the chassis replacing unless you want to crash. I don't think expressing yourself in your own language using your own currency symbols is quite the same as using html. Nice try, but no. Reminds me of myself and my brother playing monopoly as kids. He suggested he start with all the property, and I start with all the money. I was young... 6 maybe, so I thought wow yeah heh I'll take all the money. Sure, MS have cash from their dying desktop, but they still can't build web apps, or compete with google online. I'd say yahoo are almost as bad. XML..... why??????????????????????????????????????????????? Until it supports Unicode instead of translating my unicode into random entities/replacements, it's still a prototype ;) A great, usable prototype :) raw text or json is even more extensible than XML. And about half as verbose, less prone to errors, easier to write parsers for etc etc.... So streaming a friends music collection to your PC is fine, but streaming it to an ipod isn't? I'm not sure the legalities of this hold water personally. Such muddiness when it comes to this sort of thing. The person saying WTF should have a weight depending on how many WTF's they get for their own code. Like googles pagerank. eg bad coder gets tons of WTFs, is a bad coder He WTFs at everything because he has no clue, doesn't understand, but his WTF's are weighted low. I agree (Probably because I grew up with abstractbill hacking on the same home computers ;) ). Tip the lego out and play around with the interesting gears and see what you can do. Throw away the manuals that tell you how to build exactly the same car that everyone else is building - obviously skim through them, or look at them every now and then to see how things can fit together. Sure find out from somewhere how a differential gearbox works, then play around trying to build one. I like to have the manual for reference - 'The definitive javascript', or the ARM7 manuals or whatever reference is needed, and sometimes dip into those in the bath or before bed. But 'learn the language' books don't seem to make much sense to me. Exploring is so much more fun than "designing using approved methodologies like everyone else is, using the same framework/libraries as everyone else is". IMHO you're likely to end up with a far better result as well. I just don't understand people who don't have that tight feedback loop. People who write a program from scratch in one or two hits, then execute it. That's like recording yourself playing a piano concerto with earplugs in, then listening back to see if it sounded ok. Better to have the feedback earlier so you can adjust. Anyone care to sum up the advantages of continuations in a web backend over say just a session? heh fantastic. I take back all that I said. Nice one ☺ HTML5 seems more use in the real world to me. And getting rid of the need for flash by having built in browser support for video/audio is a great step forward. Who voted this up? I'm not sure it really merits a reply to be honest. I did read the article... Web development these days is probably the easiest it's been, the only issue is IE, and that seems to be declining in usage thank goodness. svn command line, why would you need anything else? YUI Compressor works pretty well. I disagree. If you're a clever programmer and can 'unobfuscate', you're likely to be clever enough to write it yourself anyway. Obfuscation is there to prevent non-clever programmers from stealing parts/the whole source code, and it works. Not to mention you can use webapps from your wii console, iPhone, etc etc. You get multiple platform support pretty much free. I need a downmod. I need 10 downmods for you sir. But alas ycnews in it's infinite wisdom has denied me a down arrow. Only when it's not US TV :) Seriously, TV in the US is absolutely nothing like TV in the UK. It's sometimes nice to have on in the background watching some classic comedy or music tv. Completely depends on the placement, site, what the user is likely to be wanting... Care to share more info? 1000 visitors isn't really all that many, especially not enough to draw big conclusions. It can vary a lot from day to day, month to month. For comparison though, a site I run gets around 2,000 visitors a day and the adsense on the site makes about $40 a day. Or just make the registration simple . Ask for a username and password and nothing more. Don't you think TV is a good source for information, a useful way to keep up with culture. If you want a startup to appeal to 'the masses', it helps to know what 'the masses' are into. I agree. Personally I think TV is a useful way of keeping informed about what 'the masses' if you want to call them that, are into. Removing yourself from what most people do doesn't seem a great thing to do IMHO if you're trying to appeal/sell to those people. What is it with all these ASK YC lifestyle questions? Are we trying to define success in terms of things like sleep/watches tv? Ah most hackers get 6 hours of sleep! I should too then my startup will succeed. Sorry, but seriously... A few are kind of interesting, but how many more of these questions are to come? I'd choose web development every time as the easier option. It just reminds me of the endless "Vote up if.." that plagues Reddit. I agree. You should NOT use 'for in' on an array. Secondly, if you use 'for in' on an object, the first line inside your loop will most usually be: if (e.hasOwnProperty(key)) This gets rid of anything defined on the prototype etc and would have solved the issue in the article. However, using for...in on an Array isn't good practice anyway. The reason that code works is because in IE you're not actually doing anything. All elements with IDs are already in the global scope. var bob = $('bob'); is a useless statement in IE. The issue comes when you do something more like this. var bob = "hello world"; Hi now bob doesn't equal "hello world". Your global has been clobbered. --- Similarly, it's surprising how many people fall into this trap: Well that's all great and everything, but you've just clobbered the submit() function on the form. before: form.submit = function() now: form.submit = Your dumb input element. See my post above for an example of an error that arises from this. The "right" framework/library is often 'none'. OK It's been a while. It may only happen when you start modifying the dom, or using innerHTML. End of the day though it's a bad idea and at some point you'll clobber variables you didn't want to. Not particularly, if you're extending your own objects, you could still get properties in a for...in that you weren't expecting, so hasOwnProperty is always a good idea. Regardless though, using for...in on an Array is bad practice and not a good idea. Just like having sparse Arrays in js is a bad idea. With multi touch and backlit keyboard? Downmod me because I'm stating a fact? Jesus there are some bitter individuals out there. I don't see a correlation between disabling JS and tech level personally. Perhaps people who think they are technically sophisticated disable JS... I usually take a bath instead of going for a walk. Sometimes a couple a day. Then a few minutes after I get in I have some idea, or work out how to solve something, so have to get out again to do it... How many more times sigh . The plural of Lego, is Lego. It's like Snow. Too right! Don't bother with email or phones either. They are useless :/ Occasionally I'm also known to perch my Macbook on the toilet, facing the bath, and watch a movie/lecture or something. I guess when I get a big office building and work there, I may have to get a bath installed in my office :/ Hmm now there's an idea. A wifi toilet that auto updates your twitter/facebook etc status. You could be onto something there... "sutro has just passed a 2Lb stool" "Please always refer to our bricks as 'LEGO Bricks or Toys' and not 'LEGOS.'" From the horses mouth. My original comment was perhaps ambiguous. You don't say "a Lego". Just like you don't say "a snow". "Some Lego" "A Lego set" "A Lego brick" Say after me... "There are fucking Lego bricks everywhere" Bad name. Taking a long word and removing the last vowel just doesn't work. It's not snappy enough, and hard to remember/spell. Unlike flickr it doesn't sound like a brand, it sounds like "coordinator.com" was too expensive. You haven't tried affiliate marketing much have you. One of my sites has around 1,000 visitors a day, generates $5k-$10k revenue a month. Some people spend way too much time worrying about which language to use. Just pick one that doesn't suck too badly for the job you need, and use it. I'm not so sure it matters TBH. What can you do in a native app that you can't do with some javascript and a pretty webapp these days :/ The days of native apps is ending. On the desktop, on mobile phones, everywhere. I'd rather be able to use the same app on my phone as I do on my desktop, as I do in an internet cafe, as I do on my wii, etc etc. Webapps are the true "Write once run anywhere". True, although hopefuly that'll just get exposed to javascript. In the same way that the orientation of the iPhone (portrait/landscape) is exposed to javascript. Have kids :D Does rescuetime show how much time you spend using rescuetime? Do you have to install it a second time to track that? ;) Since when was Microsoft relevant to webapp development? :/ But then you have to contend with IIS, more expensive hosting, a smaller pool of knowledgable people on the subject of windows hosting. Not to mention the less reliable operating system/webserver. OK I guess this could just turn into a flame war, but I just don't see why you would choose ms for web development, instead of all the free tools with great communities. Alexas graphs really do look nothing like graphs provided by sites :/ who to trust!... http://www.alexa.com/data/details/traffic_details/octopart.c... Seriously, cool graph + wd :) It'd be nice if they showed the error bars on the graphs. I expect they'd be pretty massive unless as you say the site is really up in the top ranks. Yes but surely alexa knows how many alexa trackees it has. It knows how much it's scaling that up to make an estimate of the real population. For example, a very big site, you have enough trackees to make a reasonably statistically valid sample. But smaller sites, you don't see as many trackees, so you set the error bars higher. Sure, I agree that the system is flawed anyway, seeing as how I don't know a single person who installs the alexa toolbar, and amongst techie sites it's usage is probably 0. I don't actually bother installing much desktop software these days. Just a good text editor, browser, subversion... Agreed. And if you keep your desktop light, you can switch to working on another desktop easily. There are some pretty usable webapps out there these days. http://www.mibbit.com of course ;) why install a desktop IRC client :/ why install an IRC client when you can just http://www.mibbit.com :) "Getting by under windows" doesn't really scream 'great coder' to me. EC2 is kinda cool, BUT * No static IPs - wtf? So email meant for my email server might later end up at someone elses machine :/ * No reverse DNS - So my machines look horrible. Once they fix those 2 things I'd try it again. Is ycnews now "37signals news" or something? :/ If it's of any use whatsoever in it's current state, release it, and get people using it. Call it alpha/beta/whatever, it's just a name. For me, the whole idea of openID is flawed from the start. Why would I want one point of failure? Why would I want to use the same login details for every site I go to? That's kind of a very bad idea. Sorry, but the whole openID thing seems like tech people making tech things that they think are technically impressive. Rather than things that are useful or solve problems for the average Joe. There are enough password reminder/generator addons/programs etc, and most browsers have such functionality these days. Am I missing something? Good points. So I guess the challenge is either to convince users that OpenID gives them some advantage to just using their same old login details, or convince website owners that it is a good idea. I guess we'll see how it works out... I did the same (Went to dropbox.com first)... very odd. If I owned dropbox.com I'd be laughing I expect... First of all, do NOT start by using a javascript library (prototype, jquery, etc). Learning a library isn't half as useful as learning the language. So, get a copy of O'Reily Definitive guide, Start working through that. Watch the Douglas Crockford lectures from Yahoo. Install firebug and start messing around. "Hrm I've read about the arguments.callee property. Lets play with that for a few minutes and see how it works" etc etc The main thing is just to explore, get down to the nuts and bolts, see how it all really works. Try things out, and see if they work or not. Site down? (404) I have had several emails so far today saying someones written on my funwall. They've written some spam message asking me to invite lots of other users which will write spam on their funwall... Facebook is just turning into a spam idiotic universe :/ Time to delete my account I think... sure they do. But the default should be "I don't want to get spammed to death". Also when I do login to my account these days it's just full with a gazillion invites to numerous applications which seem to have their primary function as "Inviting other people". IDK. Maybe it's just not for me... Diversify. There are about 10 great UK/europe based ad networks. Sure you have to do a bit of work yourself picking good adverts, and you might get paid per lead/sale more often than per click, but the average revenue is comparable or even more than adsense. Depends. Quite often you just need the country and that's enough. Doesn't look hard to uninstall to me, and I'd say for the average user when they type something in the address bar, they meant to type it into google. Seems like OpenDNS is fighting fire with more fire. There's no better feeling than solving a problem/need, and having people thank you for doing it. This is kinda old news. HD DVD and Blu-ray are dead. Apple have already done away with old cludgy disk drives with the Air, people will download and stream. It's not rocket science. DVD is certainly my last 'hard copy format'. After DVD, the natural progression is to go digital distribution. They didn't have to release an SDK and open up the platform at all :/ Something is better than nothing... $ web --version 3.4alpha You're a bit behind... This reminds me very much of the irritating adverts that highlight specific words it knows about and pops up adverts related to them :/ Completely unconvinced... http://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/youtube.com youtube is down is it? :/ Good idea, but an error like that doesn't fill me with confidence ;) Well I only bought one to be in the "in" crowd. It's actually the worst computer I've ever used and takes me hours to get anything done. But I suffer just so that I can be trendy :/ Throw it up and wait for the email complaints from customers :) Am I being downmodded because my sarcasm wasn't obvious enough?... Or just that it wasn't funny? :/ I have no idea who it is for. I'd rather be doing stuff than telling everyone about what I'm doing. Email, IM, IRC are for communication. Twitter seems to be more for "Announcing" rather than communicating. Maybe I'm just not well connected enough, but I really doubt anyone in the world cares what I'm currently doing day to day. The people that do care, I communicate with via more appropriate methods. Taking something that is free, (An IM client), and putting it, (wait for it)... on the web (gasp). Seriously though, they have a pretty good number of users, massive audience share. It's easy to kill if you only employ competent developers who don't trust any user input :/ Point taken, although I think the original article with its title of "Are macbooks just trendy", was already so idiotic as to not really merit any serious response. Shame there is no downmod for articles IMHO. surely just put some js at the top of the html, to remember the current time, then set some js to be executed onload, and calc the difference? Or are you not allowed to edit the code? :/ Very cool :) I just integrated it into a test version of Mibbit (IRC client)... http://media.mibbit.com/translate.png (Source on the right, auto translation on the left client) Have to checkout privacy and things like that, but it seems to work pretty well. Now I can go in a russian language channel and have a clue what's going on :) hehe thanks :) Glad it's becoming useful for people. Still a ton of work - logging, scripting, open API, skins, etc etc But these things all take time eh The other point I didn't see mentioned in the article is that reverse DNS lookups look a bit horrible, and you can't change the reverse DNS :( Google auto detects source language, so the only thing you have to decide is what to translate it into for sending Why do I need to sign up to use it? What reason is there that I need to create an account, give email address, choose a password? Either allow everyone to just use it, or at least show them a demo, or let them play with something. Dead as a dodo I think domains like these were important in web1.0 era. But who has ever gone to business.com. Who cares about it? It sounds old and boring. I'd be surprised if the number of people going to domains like perfume.com is increasing... If you look at alexa rank over 5 years it seems to have hit it's peak a while ago. Same with business.com. I think techcrunch was simply meaning the domain business is likely a shrinking market, and not a new and exciting growing market. Having said that, there's plenty of money to be made. Congrats on the sale :) So alexa is wrong? Wouldn't there be an argument to say that in the past people used to put 'perfume' in their browser address bar, and perfume.com etc, whereas now most people seem to think google is where you 'put stuff', and so aren't the google results for 'perfume' more important than the domain perfume.com? (Slightly off topic) Any heavy flash video just crashes my browser (This app did). Really irritating :/ (MacBook, firefox 2.0.0.12 defaults) Is this just me, or a known issue with flash right now? A farmer creates something. What do you create? You happened to be the first person to think of registering a certain domain name, and won that lottery. Well done. hehe never can tell for sure on the intraweb Married, and seem to have some curious small people running around breaking things. They scare me. "our initial launch went well, we were getting traction. we had three choices: angel, vc or acquisition." Call me absolutely insane, but isn't there also a 4th choice - "Make money"? :) Sorry, but why would you want to run Half-Life 2? Are you insane? There's work to be done. I can't help but think the hype over this is the beginning of the end... Better for the webmaster perhaps :/ Google Analytics is cool, but it slows down page loads something shocking. With more complex measurement, comes a worse experience for your users... Sorry, I don't want it :/ This is just getting ridiculous now Last time I used a desktop was in 2004 I think. Try using a desktop in the bath or sofa or toilet :/ Also desktop keyboards still just don't work. There's no way on paper that pizza.com is worth that much at all. But if you really want to be the person who owns it, I guess you'd be prepared to pay whatever it takes regardless. It's alexa rank has been pretty much nothing until recently, it'll drop back down to 0 after the hype of a sale wears off, so the owner will have pizza.com, but no traffic :/ That's different though. That is building a site and driving traffic to it. Those successes would have happened just as well with other domain names. Sure, the fact they were generic probably helped a lot on exit, because people rightly or wrongly still see them as a big advantage. Fact is, pizza.com doesn't get any traffic. They will have to spend a lot more money making it so that it does get traffic. For example, you could either spend $2.6m on a generic domain, and spend another say $2m on building a site/marketing etc, or you could register 'somethingpizza.com' for $10 and spend $4m on building the site/marketing. I'd put my money on the second option. But I guess it depends if there's someone else further down the line that believes it's worth say $3.6m, then you make a profit out of doing nothing. The ad revenue on a domain that doesn't get any traffic??? I'd be surprised if it made 5 figures a year to be honest. Jedit usually, but an editor is an editor. As long as it looks nice and has line numbering, it's fine IMHO I'm also unconvinced. The only time I hear about it is on here. Is it that much better than sending an SMS email or calling? Enough better to pay for?? Seems like a kind of useful feature you'd expect to be free with your phone. If your SWF file is over 200k maybe that's a bad idea to start with. Simply can't understand how you could be charged for incoming SMS. That is just perverse. Who would get a phone like that?? How can they be big? What's the revenue model for an open source webapp? I don't get it... You create some cool app, then some big player takes it as it's open source, installs it, and laughs in your face :/ Once you've established your own site as 'the leader' like wikipedia, then open sourcing would probably work fine. But open sourcing from the start seems a bad idea... Agreed. Even Apache supports a variety of other models with its mpm modules. You don't have to stick to the defaults even if you do use Apache. Still absolutely don't get it. Unless perfume.com is about to sell things on ebay :/ ebay seller tools != Affiliate marketing Oh well, good luck to you all :) Neither of them have any compelling features IMHO, But then I would say that wouldn't I :/ Also Huddlechat just goes to 'invalid page' when I try and sign in. I'd say if your entire app can be cloned in a day, it's fair game. Hardly rocket science. Take a look at http://www.mibbit.com if you're interested in more of a feature-rich webchat. Don't forget gmail. It has a list of messages on the right, list of folders/tags on the left!!! blatent copy of other email clients. Given the brief of "Make a webchat client", it's hard to come up with a different design that would work. Like an email client, it has an obvious design that works. It's a log of recent chat, with an input bar at the bottom. This is fast becoming a farce. I don't get it... svn commit file1 file2 somemorestuff Surely you just commit the files you want, and leave out the ones you're still working on :/ What am I missing? Then you have a mess whatever revision control system you use. You have to manually decide which changes you want to commit in the file, and which you don't. I still say it's better to avoid that mess in the first place. IMHO Google lost a lot of credibility by taking it down. For me, it's like Janet Jackson apologizing on national TV for showing some boob. In any event Google has proved the point - it is ridiculously simple to clone webapps like campfire. For me it's a mess. If I start to fix bug B on top of a half implemented feature A, I end up with a mess. I don't understand why you would work that way, and don't understand what git solves that svn doesn't. You still have to untangle the mess yourself. Surely a checklist is missing the whole point. Don't go through the list checking for each one, treat everything as evil, and only allow through what you know is good. Good point. Relying on other peoples code is horrible. Has to be done sometimes though ;) Call me a cynic, but I'm not sure these would stand on their own if it weren't for the language/framework/platform they trumpet. Would anyone care about campfire if it was written in say php? I doubt it. Blocking people who block ads is fine as well IMHO Email has become a broken platform for spam - similar to facebook. "facebook friends" != real friends How many people here use windows? I'd expect it to be a pretty small % these days. I think the norm is to descend into a competition with others about who can get the most 'friends'. I expect the average facebook probably has a few hundred 'friends'. Which makes the whole thing a little bit pointless. People are extremely fickle. A few years ago in the UK, everyone was on friendsreunited. Then they all moved to facebook/myspace. If there's a new thing with some cool feature, they'll all move to that. Facebook is just the current fad. I don't see that experience on facebook though. Email/IM/IRC/blog+forum comments - those help me to keep in touch. Facebook just spams me with invites and stupid boring status updates. It's like a very very bad webmail system with a shared address book. or you could spend your time making something people want :/ Yeah I agree, it's just a matter of balance I guess. That assumes someone actually makes an app which is worth using. Let alone paying for... I think there are quite a few exceptions, perhaps you just don't hear about them so much in the media and they sneak up :) Oh no! You have to make money ?? Well getting investment and perpetuating inflated valuations until someone stupid buys the company sounds a much better idea. I can't help but think "Does source control matter that much in a startup". I can see why git may be much better than svn for large groups of developers, but is git really that much better for small groups? Are people really spending much time on revision control? I wasn't questioning the value of source control at all. But for the average startup, is the value of git that much more than the value of svn? Edit: I wasn't meaning "Does using source control matter that much". Obviously it does. I was questioning how much extra value git could add over svn. I had an N800 for a while, but it was just unusable. The software seemed sort of thrown together. The keyboard didn't work well, and the browser was pretty tough to use. Having the multi touch on the iPhone also counts for a lot - zoom/scroll/etc Nice clear up, but still wrong/bad... The author swaps one problem for another. When people write if (foo==null) OR if (!foo) To check if something exists, they really meant to write if ((typeof foo)=='undefined') You can't check for a property existing by coercing into a boolean. That's horrible. What if it does exist, and holds a boolean. Reason enough not to use a 'session based web framework'. If PHP can do it... "Mowser lets you view the Web on your mobile phone." Which was relevent back when mobile phones didn't have fully functioning web browsers. Since the iPhone though, there's really no need for such a service :/ I'd say "Mobile web", yes. Browsing the web just as you do with a PC, using your iPhone etc, - growing massively. The distinction has just gone away. People want a fully functioning web browser on their phone, and that's what they'll use. Not some WML stripped down horrible to use thing. Why do some people want anonymity? Bad idea IMHO Privacy? Yes of course. Anonymity? Definitely not - just means people can do what they want without any come back. For me, it's more a question of responsibility. If everyone is anonymous, there is no accountability. There's no reason to be responsible. No reason to be well behaved. On an anonymous internet, you can just attack websites you don't like, post incorrect claims, abuse people and be a complete pain in the neck. Maybe I really am the absolute odd one out then. I use my iPhone to browse the web. Why would I want to view a 'mobile' stripped down version, when I can view exactly the same sites I view on my PC? The screen is big enough, zoom+scroll work stupidly well... I agree that more and more people will view the web on a phone, but I disagree about them going to sites built specifically for mobiles. /admin is obscure? :/ I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porcelin was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink, and when I came to I had a relvalation, a vision, a picture in my head. Seriously though... I think best in the bath or while asleep or while driving. Jesus that was painfully slow. I think it maxed out my 8Mb connection as well... It did look slick though. You don't do that sort of thing in javascript :) There's a couple of areas where things are different - event handling for example. Either you use a library, or you feature sniff. Certainly not browser sniff. Flash is pretty slow and inaccessible. I'd bet my money on javascript every time. The only thing missing is video/audio. Which should be there soon afaik. I usually have to try a captcha 4 or 5 times until I happen to guess right. They are just getting stupid these days. The old bait'n'switch at work ;) Do something a bit bad, get some publicity, then apologize profusely! "Were no strangers to love You know the rules and so do i" The only song you ever need. Endless loop. For new technology, it seems to me to be a land-grab. Grab the users who want X, then either figure out how to make money off them (As google did), or sell to someone who sees the value of your audience share. So... is it: 1. Find a problem - something's broken 2. Find a solution - make what people want 3. Price it 4. Get users Or 3. Get users 4. Work out how to monetize them I think either can work, and both have disadvantages. Charging up front sort of goes against what PG said in his talk (Great talk I thought) - about being nice and helpful and giving users stuff they need. Waiting until you have the userbase before you start monetizing means you don't have cashflow, and may need funding. When he asked "Would you really want to give up programming, and start sitting in boring meetings, just for some moolah" (Something like that), I was thinking "Well duh hell yeah. Then I'd quit, and do programming again". I'd say this is a good recipe (Not speaking from a lot of experience, but the theory seems sound to me :/ ): 1. Make it so good people want to tell others about it. It can't be an "hmm, yeah I guess that might be useful later. I'll bookmark it". It has to be a "Woahhhhh I've been looking for this exact thing for years. So have my friends I bet. I need to use this now, and tell my friends what I found". (A hard ask, but it's nice to aim for that 'wow' factor). 2. Make the base product free, and politely refuse donations. Ask people to simply tell their friends about it. I think people kinda feel guilty about having a cool product for free, so they become evangelists for it, and help you sell it. Having said that, it's good to get something to start off. Look at websites/domains that are related, and have been neglected... Send emails, make an offer, buy domain, get traffic. It's not a sure fire thing - some people still believe domain names to be worth millions whatever they are. But you can pick up some real gems. More likely to be sustainable traffic unlike tc/reddit/etc mentions. IKEA to other furniture maker: "Hey!!! We made a table first! You copied our idea. Ours has 4 legs as well. Yours is exactly the same. Take it down now." Huddlechat was kinda cool I thought :/ Just speaking from my own experience. If I say to myself "Yeah that might be useful", I bookmark it, and probably never get around to looking at it again. Good point about spam. Facebook turns your friends into spammers, which isn't helpful. Float is good. Also usually the deal is "Minimum payout $20" for example. Reward sites actually make most of their money by relying on the fact that most people earn a few rewards, give up, and never claim because they don't get to the minimum payout threshold. Not a great business, but that's how that sort of thing works... Launch it now, speed up development, start listening to users. Get the word out. "completed development"?? How did you decide it was 'complete'? Why would you use twitter for personal messages? It just doesn't make any sense :/ yes. Only ask for stuff when you really need it. Sure. It just seems an odd choice. It's like using a blog to do revision control, by posting your source code as a new blog post each revision. Each to their own though... Sure, but then you release, show users, and they have a completely different definition of 'usable' than you :) "people who think the iPhone is just one phone among many" The funny thing is, I use my iPhone maybe 5% to make voice calls. For me it's an ultra-portable PC, mainly used for email+web. So when people do say things like "It's just a phone", they really do completely miss the point. Is VC funding the plan then? I would think this was a great example of a business that just becomes profitable... Presumably you get commission for each purchase you refer? Or is it not setup that way? I almost spat out my drink when reading the title let alone the article. Surely this is satire. Mibbit.com is probably not a typical site - essentially only one page. Stats for last 24 hours or so though: Total sessions: 13,541... Average duration of visit: 66 minutes I'm pretty pleased with those stats, although these are only people who have javascript enabled. Maybe a billion people have it disabled, and bounce. I should probably check ;) Wrong. It's easy to think that keyboard typing would be better than touch screen typing, but try an iPhone. It's actually better than a small keyboard would be. It's not that much slower than typing on a laptop keyboard. You can choose more than one. A site I run shows adverts from about 10 ad networks. It's more to manage, but it's worth it to get the full range of offers out there. Also quite often you'll find advertisers are on multiple networks, offering different rates because of the networks differing cuts. "37s viewpoint is more about a sustainable "small" business. Both are valid." But IMHO 37s viewpoint has little to do with startups. Sure, we could all go and build a modest business that can grow to a small/medium size, and sustain us. But I'm guessing that would count as a failure for a lot of us. Don't forget "No, you don't have to sell to google for millions" Can we get a spam filter :/ 3 stories on the front page are from 37signals. Essentially saying pretty much the same thing - "You're wrong", "You're wrong", and "You're even wronger". Just gets a little tiresome IMHO. Congrats :) Nice to know that single founders can make it as well. Any hint about the sale price? Instead of 'ajax' which doesn't really exist, I'd recommend learning javascript. Don't start with a framework or library, just learn the nuts and bolts of the language. The incompatibilities between browsers are really really over-hyped, so I'd say using a library isn't worth it. At least until you have a solid understanding of all things javascript. What??? That makes absolutely no sense. Javascript works just fine in IE. It's really not. Compatibility issues are seriously way way over-hyped. A lot of them are gone, which is what you get when you make the cost of registering a domain pretty much free. IMHO it'd be far better to make the cost of registering a domain a few hundred dollars a year. As it is you can just register domains, slap advertising on them, and you make a slow profit. and it always means I go to basecamp.com or campfire.com and then remember... "First you download a dmg file which, when clicked, creates a virtual drive. On the virtual drive is the program, which you then have to drag into your Applications folder. Then you have to unmount the virtual drive and delete the dmg file from your desktop" "There’s no way that anyone could guess this procedure" You are kidding right? My wife guessed this. My 9 year old can do this. It's brain dead simple, and makes perfect sense - you can see what stuff is there before you install. You can read a readme sometimes before installing. I think it helps when trying something new, to have an open mind. Instead of just saying "eugh! this is different. It must be bad" "and what the hell is a keychain?" Obviously if you don't know what it is, it must be bad! Don't find out what it is, just assume it's bad :/ What the hell is a 'registry'? :P It may be true for people who have been 'trained' to use windows. If you start with a fresh person though, using linux is pretty simple. My kids all grew up using linux (No windows really allowed in our house). "Any moron can get around Windows with no prior instructions." Really not true. How often do people search and search for the right sub menu to change some hidden setting? What about the constant registry issues not to mention viruses etc 99% of the population don't download and install programs. Sorry, but they don't. So your argument makes no sense. For 99% of the population, as long as they can run firefox, office prog + email, they're all set. In which case Windows, Linux, OSX all work for the average joe. "There's no way anyone could guess this procedure" How is that not an obvious troll statement. Either you're just incredibly bad at operating computers, or you wanted to get a reaction from people and start a fight. Perhaps that's why mac is just a tad more secure. Would you rather a unified system for managing your passwords, or just have applications store them in plaintext files? When I switched to mac I was actually pretty impressed that such a thing existed. Call me a cynic, but I think you decided you hated macs way way before you ever tried one. Having used dos/windows for 17years, linux for 11 years, and mac for only the last 2, I wouldn't call myself a fanboy. I use what works best for me. Personally, I think dragging an application into your 'Applications folder' is pretty damn intuitive. I'm not sure quite how much simpler you could get. ok, it takes a couple of minutes to understand that it's mounted a disk image and you should unmount it, but after that you think "Yeah that's actually a nice way to do it". MythTV also runs well on OSX FYI. Debugging printer issues is just way to hard. Some manufacturers just don't see the importance of an error message. Why have useful information about why something isn't working, when you can just have a red light! Nice article. But did it really need to be delivered to me via flash? :/ Maybe a youtube video of a camera panning over a printed out copy next? Or perhaps a Doom level file where the pages are texture mapped onto the walls. I think websense blocks pretty much anything that looks remotely like you could use it for personal purposes instead of business. They seem pretty harsh. In other news, p2p killed off websites. This is just wrong and boring. For me, in a nutshell, Apple have extremely good taste. They make very well thought out products. I first used an Apple 1 1/2 years ago. Before then I'd just assumed they were a load of hype. Out of all the laptops I've had, (Toshiba, IBM, Sony, Dell, MacBook), the Macbook wins absolutely in terms of design, build quality, and functionality. The others aren't even close. It's a boolean for me... Macbook wins, all the others completely fail. Perhaps this is why you dismiss people like myself as fanboys. But there really is that much of a gap between apple and the rest. MacBooks are just simple. Nicely designed functional objects. When you then look at a Dell or IBM etc, they are a mess. With grills here, extra buttons here, some ports on the front, some on the side, weird slopes here, it's like the design was an afterthought. Just a shame I didn't try Apple sooner. It's the same with the iPhone. Name one other phone that has a usable web browser, and brilliantly thought out keyboard. It's not fanboyism, it's just common sense. "Their products, to some significant percentage of their user base, aren’t just computers or phones, they’re a lifestyle. Insult the operating system and you insult the owner." This is pretty offensive. IF (and that is a very big if), any other manufacturer came out with a phone that had a usable web browser, a laptop that didn't suck, or a decent mp3 player, then I'd buy them. No question. People really don't just blindly buy Apple stuff because it's Apple. I couldn't care less if it's Apple or not. People buy MacBooks, iPods and iPhones, because they are unquestionably the market leaders. They are the absolute best by miles in those 3 areas. If you think there is a better phone/pocket computer than the iPhone you really have to be kidding. Same with the iPod and MacBook. "I think people like Apple because Apple likes themselves so much" Stop telling me why I like my MacBook. I've told you why I like it. Please try and have some respect. I ran Linux on a thinkpad for a couple of years. I'd spend a lot of time dealing with idiotic things like hardware issues, compatibility, linux updates etc etc. That's not a good use of my time. Since moving to a MacBook I haven't had any hardware issues, or had to spend ages maintaining the o/s. THAT is why people like Apple. I don't know what you're talking about crippling for the media companies, obviously region coding is a complete pain in the neck, but I was pretty pleased when I hooked up my mac mini to the home network and could play all my backed up DVDs straight from frontrow without any extra hassles. Sure. I agree about idiotic DVD restrictions. Great that you can just install mplayer, vlc, mythtv or a hundred other solutions. I don't think windows media player is that much better to be honest. As for iTunes, I've only ever used it to play music and rip CDs, and even then make sure it encodes as mp3s. Does sound like a pain if you have to use dtrace a lot. Every 3 days to install iTunes updates???? That is just absolutely false. Don't make completely untrue statements like that, it doesn't help your argument. I have rebooted my macbook maybe 3 times this year so far, each time to install an update. Macports works ok, or just install from source. I agree every O/S has its issues. For me personally, OS X is the most productive and least hassle. Please try to understand and respect that. Don't just dismiss it and assume that I must have an ulterior motive, or must have been brainwashed. There are 2 things I do really hate about my MacBook: 1. The DVD drive is region coded, and has been region changed the max times, so I can only play half of my DVD collection in it. 2. I can't buy things from the iTunes US store unless I have a US credit card. Hello??? This is the internet!!! It's hardware. The crappy Matsushita drive won't release any data unless the region code matches the code the drive has locked to. No firmware replacements either. It's just so ironic that I can burn it to a new DVD as region free, and it'll play fine! edit: someone downmodded me for stating fact ;) fun fun fun Another pointless troll post. Takes trolling to a completely new level. heh that just fails though. I use the DVD drive in my macbook maybe once or twice a year. Same with the USB ports. Saving up for a MacBook air... I'm not really clear on how you think this whole 'fanboy' thing works. Do you think I have been brainwashed by Apple? You think I only bought an Apple to be in the 'in' crowd? No. I bought a MacBook, thought it was fantastic compared to all that I had had before, and kept using it. I played with an iPhone in a shop, and for the first time, thought to myself "wow. I would actually use the browser and email on this phone", so I bought one. I'm not arguing this to persuade you that Apple products are actually good, I'm arguing because by labeling people 'fanboys' you're effectively saying they have no clue. It's offensive. You obviously don't like Apple. You've made it clear you hate things like font smoothing ;) That's your choice, but labeling people 'fanboys' is just lazy. Arguing any more is pointless. It's like you calling me a fascist. Funnily enough, we have just recommended a mac mini to my mum+dad in law. Their current Dell is away being repaired after being infected for the umpteenth time. They are sick of it and just want something that works. Their usage is pretty much web/email/office, which the mac mini does without any issues. I completely agree there are fanboys. My personal definition would be "Someone who promotes an obviously dud product as being great, out of overzealous brand loyalty". For example, someone who loves Microsoft who argues about how much better the Zune is than other mp3 players, is quite likely to be a fanboy, because I think the overwhelming evidence is that the Zune is a dud product. Your mentioning fanboys on the blog wasn't trolling in itself, it was the complete generalizations of all Apple users that was trolling. "Apple has created a club, and the people in it genuinely look down on others for not being a member." The reason people get offended when you call them a fanboy is because you are effectively saying they are liars. You are accusing them of lying about their review of the product. Calling people fanboys is saying they are lying. That's why it's offensive. I just use whatever product happens to work the best. Don't care what brand it is. I agree, I expect the smartphone market to heat up quite a bit now, it'll be interesting to see who can match the iPhone. The iPhone has a qwerty :/ I can type almost as fast as on my laptop using the iPhone... I guess it's just a case of what you prefer. Depriving yourself of sleep for long periods of time is obviously not good. But pulling a couple of all-nighters a week when needed is pretty necessary if you want to get anywhere IMHO. it makes a clicking sound and zooms in on the key you press. I think that's pretty good. I find it a little harder to type on the iPhone when it's set to silent. I like to know when I've hit a key. Why not? It'd probably take a week or so to rewrite in a different language, similar to Reddit when they rewrote in python :/ Has ror become a cult or something? It's just a language, and if it doesn't fit well with the application, best to move on and try something else. I was under the impression rails was the backend and was tightly coupled to a db. Is that not the case? :/ By 'better backend', what do you mean? Having 10,000 servers doesn't say 'skillful' to me. Java would work extremely well. Java works pretty well for highly scalable network backends actually. Getting a higher salary is only relevant if you're working for a big company. * It's slow * It's proprietory * It's not supported on several platforms (iPhone, wii, etc etc) Javascript works just fine thanks. With HTML5 and the video capabilities flash/silverlight will become even less relevant IMHO Have to say, I heard that 3 years ago. And 6 years ago... Mobile is going to be big!!! Or, the next gen iPhone could just have gprs and expose that to javascript. In which case webapps could have all sorts of functionality included. Surely the most obvious monetization would be in collecting a commission for cable sales. Given the extortionate cost of some of the cables :) Thanks. Yeah I'm toying with implementing DCC, it'll probably get into Mibbit one day soon :) Probably have a parallel HTTP based file sharing concept as well for when you want to share something with the whole channel. I meant GPS dammit :/ How about splitting things up into 2 sections? "ASK" type comments, which are pretty much a forum. And a separate reddit news type thing. It seems like if these 2 things were separated, then what are essentially forum posts, would have a better chance of a response. Sure, but IMHO forum posts (ASK YC:) etc, are not really links. They're forum posts - I'm not sure of the value added by lumping them in with news stories/links/articles. By doing this, the forum posts don't seem to get the attention they actually deserve. Personally I think separating it and having a specific forum for startup topics would really improve things. Yeah one of the freenode servers seems to have. The easy solution is to try again - you get a different server each time. Hopefuly the admin will notice their mistake, or we will be able to get hold of them. I just don't get twitter. I saw some idiot who wrote an article using twitter. So of course each paragraph was 140 characters or less. Just because you can use a tool to do something, doesn't mean you should. IMHO, IM/IRC/email/blog all work far better for communication. Several exceptions to this. For example, links received in email, if you view the email via a webmail client gmail for instance, and click on the link, it will open in a new window. I think it depends on the % of users that will want to go back to your app after looking at the link. And with ajax type apps, the back button just doesn't cut it. This could be summarized as: "You can use XMLHttpRequests to send more code, and then eval it." It's a good idea, and can work pretty well in practice. Do things like this really need to be called out and given pattern names etc though? :/ Patterns suck. end users.. why? kidding :) ok. To clarify... I've seen many many articles showing how you can use twitter to do X. When it just seems that there's already a far more suited way to do X. I'm sure it's sort of useful for some things for some people, but I can't see it going mainstream. It doesn't sound particularly like she believed in the idea. I think in retrospect it would have been better to offer 50% and the same salary as you. Going forward though, I'd say definitely learn to hack. Also find people who might help not because of a salary, but because they think the idea is cool and want to be part of it. Still a shame people have to do this to implement blindingly obvious ideas. Either learn to hack, or find others who are passionate about the idea who can hack. Rather than people who are passionate about a salary. But doing both is a good idea IMHO. You can be a sole founder you know. Works quite well :) Most impressive thing about Twitter: Number of times it gets on places like techcrunch. I think there are examples on both sides that are successful. The iPod is fantastic design. Myspace is absolutely hideous design. 37signals advice seems like it comes from a really really narrow set of experiences. Best to take with a large pinch of salt I'd say. I agree. How about "semantic social bookmarking mashup ajax tool (beta)"? When you mouse over an item, the date disappears... Seems odd to me. I agree. I was just meaning it seems 37signals life experience is especially limited. It's funny how obsessed some people become with languages and frameworks, and how people using 'in vogue' ones are applauded, whilst those using perfectly capable but 'out of vogue' ones are looked down upon. I agree though, I think the "This is the best thing since sliced bread" phase is over for rails. microsoft way is not very sportsman like To answer the question you first need to define AJAX. What's your own definition, and why do you consider that convoluted and combersome? Macbook, or the new Apple wireless keyboard is really nice. Is this an automated response from adblock? Someone always says this in any topic about advertising. I'm starting to think it's adblock saying it, and not the user who decided to install adblock. And the people who install adblock and think it's great to reply to a topic about advertising with "Ads? What ads? I see no adverts ;)" Having a TV doesn't actually mean you have to sit there comatose only watching it and doing nothing else. I like a good comedy or music tv on in the background whilst working personally. I completely disagree. The blackberry doesn't even have a competent browser. No ajax support. For me also the keyboard is just unusable compared to the iphone. Pretty small screen also. Blackberry does seem to have quite a hold in corporates etc, but in terms of usability the clear winner for me is the iPhone. Also the email client on the iPhone is pretty awesome. "The architecture uses two thread pools: one to run queries and one to get record values. Applications must carefully tune the number of threads in each pool so the queries to overwhelm the gets. Using a query thread pool with 2 threads and a get thread pool with 32 threads it was possible to perform 300 TPS on a small EC2 instances. " This seems horrible design to me. Surely it must be possible to make it asynchronous and event driven - getting rid of the need for threads? The web. I just don't see the point in native apps these days when you can do pretty much all of it via webapps. I'm not sure of what can be added to something like gmail to be honest, Gmail search: fantastic, threaded conversations: fantastic, search for attachments etc: all works fine. For me, Gmail just works great. I'm not really interested in seeing a graph/analytics for emails to be honest. Obviously it makes sense for outlook, since that is a very very painful thing to use, but I'd be surprised if ms don't just fix search and add threaded conversations in the next version. Having more threads than you have CPUs is just sloppy inefficient overcomplicated programming :/ If you have control of all the pieces, and don't need to interface to things that block, there's no reason to use more threads than cpus IMHO. Not this old chestnut again :/ Buy a house. Now. In a stable or up and coming area. Do it. I know things. Surely arguing that renting is cheaper than owning implies that landlords make a loss - which I'm sure is very rare. This just proves there are way too many frameworks. It's certainly more tasteful IMHO, which should count for a lot. Spamming the CPU/OS with thousands of threads is just ugly. How can it not be? Networking should be event driven. It's like having a thread for each pixel on the display or each button... Well in technical terms, using threads can never be as efficient as not using threads. It can be equal, but not better. A lot of these things are a matter of taste though. If you think it's a thing of beauty to create 5,000 threads, then good luck to you :) Of course. I'm sure it's common in some parts that landlords make a loss in month to month terms, but then once the mortgage is paid off they own it and sell it, and it's gone up massively in price. Maybe that's their big pay day. I'm sure other landlords make a very good profit month to month also. But if landlords were making a loss in real terms over years, they would probably stop doing it. Hehe completely agree. It's good to waste your time on your own website. 1. Waste time on website 2. Get irritated to death by some bug/lack of feature 3. Go fix bug/feature 4. Goto 1 You're still looking at it in the short term. A decision to buy/rent should be made based on the fact you might actually spend a few years there. By which time your repayments will be far less than the rent you would have to pay. So it's like reddit/digg but without the voting? Amateur. I twitter my MOUSE position. why is this fun? Considering they have 10,000 servers+, I don't think "scaling" is that big a feat. So say they have every active user on at the same time (70million), and say they have 10,000 servers. That's only 7k users per server??? Not great IMHO Maybe if they only had 1,000 servers, then it'd be a little more impressive. "Facebook does not disclose the number of servers it operates. But research firm Data Center Knowledge puts the tally at about 10,000. The slug of cash will help Facebook buy approximately 50,000 more servers" 60,000 servers? Jesus christ. Are they planning to scale to take account of Alien users or something? I'd say 6-9 years would make you a reasonable junior hacker. Problem with the word is it's come to mean "quick and dirty solution". eg someone does a search on google, finds some code and copy and pastes it. This is not hacking. Doesn't sound much fun. If you've solved everything technically, what else is left to do :/ Maybe you should find some harder problems to work on. The good thing about moving apps onto the web, is that it gives centralized control, and gets rid of the concept of software piracy. Sure you could hack the website, or steal an account possibly, but that's easy enough to fix once found. I think 'software piracy' is such a broad term there's no easy way to have a blanket opinion on it. Copying DVDs and cover art and selling hard copies is clearly wrong. But say preventing a machine from emitting UDP packets so you can run 2 copies of the same software on a home network... Well, the only person who even knows about that piracy is yourself, and if you didn't do it, you probably wouldn't buy 2 copies anyway. In that instance there is no damage, no lost sale, and so I'd say it was ok. No contest. Pepsi. Coke has a very sinister aftertaste. Who thought up the name snotr.com? :/ Kind of an interesting name... what is it with the constant talk of scalability these days? scalability isn't to do with a certain language or platform, it's just due to good efficient design. I'm of the opinion that languages/platforms shouldn't force programmers to do things. It should be the other way around. That's a short term view. Microsoft still has a monopoly, but it's dying. Teaching children on windows isn't a good idea IMHO. It's unlikely to be relevent to them when they are older. "should the data fall into the wrong hands." What sort of wrong hands could make use of data like this??? They would know that a certain IMEI code was in a certain shopping center at a certain time :/ wow. So would about 1,000 other domain names. Are you seriously saying you think 'snufflebug' is the only one? Get a dictionary to generate random words like 'snuffle' and add bug on the end. There will be a few hundred of those .com's not taken for a start. And aparently still uses ns5.store.yahoo.com as a DNS server ;) Same reason most men don't want to be midwives? Palo Alto has taxis, cpk, cheesecake factory, that wraps place. All nice enough. Not to mention the creamery. Also it has a borders and Apple store. Out of all the towns in the area I'd choose Palo Alto every time. Is scribd an improvement for windows users or something? It seems that for most people here it's an anoyance and a worse user experience than just linking to the pdf. Does it solve some problem I'm missing? edit: Try zooming all the way in. You're in for some hideously unreadable fuzzy font rendering... why oh why. If you checkout the latest from cvs you can get a sneak peak at web 4.0 As well as up arrows, can we also have [BS] arrows? You scare very easily. Are the terrorists scary also? Go look at one of those charts of perceived risk vs real risk. True, but I think people are entitled to know the truth from scientists, rather than propoganda being thrown around by politicians in order to further their own agendas. Interesting. Then I got to the line "RateItAll, is the only consumer review site that shares revenue with its contributors" What about the other million consumer review sites? Get paid for your opinions? TipJoy could be pretty big though. Tough problem to solve, but fun :) One issue I see is what if you want to find new friends. What if you want to find interesting people in chatrooms. Seems fine if you have a group of friends and want to chat together. Or you can just cheat by leveraging off existing networks ;) Their product is so bad they have to bribe users to use it ;) There are a million cashback sites out there though. You can get cashback, or commission on anything you buy online already. Just seems a bit desparate to me. Well for me, it cheapens the product. It's like they feel they need to give people stuff to get them to use their product. IMHO they should concentrate on making a better product that people want to use without being paid to use it. This has been solved many times, many years ago. It's not a hard problem. A one step scaling plan would be "write it properly this time". Of course. But there are solid examples from web1.0 and before that did more than twitter, and scaled to more users. Twitter is pretty simple in terms of functionality. Same here. And the "Streaming document" progress bar is kind of irritating IMHO I don't understand why there should be any timeout for #1. Democracy sucks :/ That sounds understandable technically, but if there has to be a timeout, perhaps continuations aren't a great idea for this sort of thing. If that's the case, closures don't seem like a good idea in this sort of context. This is just getting ridiculously boring now. Twitter is broken. They have no clue. We get it. Who is? Seems like only people who blog a lot or are part of the web2.0 social elite circle. If I didn't read things like hacker news I would have no idea what twitter was. Why is there so much media coverage of twitter when the average person has no clue what it is, and probably never will? I'd say far more complex. Rails does not seem the best language to write essentially a messaging architecture in though. Surely the core of twitter has little to do with the web, and more to do with efficiently passing messages around - something that c or java could do like a walk in the park. I don't know though, sounds like lots of it isn't in ror already which makes the point a bit moot. Maybe twitter intentionaly break their system every once in a while now to get some coverage on blogs etc. Much like 'celebrities' release a dirty video or go into rehab. Oh I'm just kidding :) although... So if there becomes a call for it, I expect they could lanch an ISP arm and use their IPs. Or else lease out their IP space to ISPs that can't find enough IP space. The market will sort itself out and all will be fine. "Scientific evidence to date suggests there is no God" IMHO That's the truth, and the facts. Popular comedy in the UK (Armstrong and Miller) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cjf_u_Q-ho "Dad, why did you and mum get a divorce?" "The thing is Paul, it was all your fault" There's a whole series of these sketches with similar themes. Telling the truth in all instances to kids is idiotic :) One of my other favorites that I can't find on youtube/script: "Dad, why don't I have many friends?" "The thing is Paul, you're just not that interesting. I sometimes struggle to stay awake when talking to you myself." etc etc So what about questions like "Which of us kids is your favorite?" "Do you like my latest bit of art? toilet roll glued to a box" What about adopted kids? What about kids who came from really difficult childhoods. What about a kid that was the product of his mum being raped? Do those kids really need to know that? Are they emotionally developed enough to deal with such harsh realities? The OP doesn't seem to have had to deal with particularly hard questions at all. Say there was an escaped convict loose in your town, who had previously murdered several children. Your kid sees some vague reference to it on the news before bed time, and asks "What is that about dad?" Would you answer: a). Oh it's quite scary Son. There's a madman who sneaks into kids bedrooms and cuts them up. He's loose outside. b). Nothing to worry about, get back into bed :)