It's interesting that UI's started out program-oriented, then document-oriented, and now going back to program-oriented. Microsoft in the 90s Standard Oil "Pay them enough money and they'll start caring? Yea, right". We should tell the same to CEOs and bankers. It will have gone full circle when Facebook, Groupon and Twitter will have an IPO. VCs and other investors will get their money back and individual investors will absorb the losses of the collapsing pyramid. I agree. In the 90's bubble the public got let in earlier. Now VCs and investment banks squeeze all the value out before the public finally can invest. That's the problem with Microsoft these days. It's just plain boring. Windows 7 has been out for more than a year and no new features. I agree. It's just hard to stay interested when they update their stuff only every 3 years or so. Very true :-) I love Dell's site too. They could do something that my Windows folder doesn't eat up 30GB of my SSD disk. Or do something like an app store where all applications get updated in a uniform manner. They could make the backup program usable. There is so much that could be done. Sometimes I wonder what the 50000 (just a guess) or so people in Redmond do. I think reducing doctors' salaries is a good idea. This theory is one of the most self-serving (for overpaid executives) arguments I have ever heard. In the US he would get a boatload of money as retention bonus to stay on. It works pretty well though. Every issue is framed as a decision whether the country as we know it will be destroyed. Seems a lot of voters like this style. That would be OK if there was a functioning market for ISPs. But there clearly isn't. Most people don't have a choice of service provider and the cost of entry is too high for new competitors to come in. This is just basic human decency and I am sure Apple is not the only company doing this. I don't think it's a good time for some guy from Silicon Valley to praise some entity from Silicon Valley for doing great things. Reminds me of Twitter getting all the praise for revolutions while people were dying. Let's praise them when they spend some of their billions on earthquake relief. I always think the same thing about lobbying. The contributions to politicians are really small in comparison to the benefits received. Maybe we should make bribing more competitive to raise the price in order to make it less profitable? I don't think regulation will help (maybe a little). They will find other ways. The whole culture needs to change. As long as they can get away with blatantly unethical behavior nothing will change. Not sure how to achieve a cultural change though. The current system is very profitable for both parties. I think a third party or a press that reports facts and calls out blatant untruths may help. That's what worries me about nuclear power. A well maintained plant is probably very safe but there is an incentive for operators to cover up flaws in order to save money. Let's wait until more power plants get old. They probably should be shut down but that's the time when they are the most profitable and fixing problems is the most expensive. http://www.theonion.com/articles/american-people-hire-highpo... I don't understand why they can't give us a profiler that shows memory consumed by add-on and start up time by add-on . This shouldn't be difficult. Then everybody can see where the problems are. If I leave Firefox open during the day the memory goes up to 1.2 GB. The performance slows down at about 800BM memory. I have 8 GB so it's not a big deal but it still seems an awful lot of memory. It worked for them well for a long time. From what I hear managers there finally have managed to take over. They probably made the necessary changes in the 90s. While VS is good I think they made a huge mistake pricing Team System to up to $10000 per developer. The Express versions are nice but they don't contain a profiler for example. I don't think it's smart trying to make money from developers. Apple made the same mistake with the Newton when they priced the dev kit at $800 (not sure if that's accurate but it was expensive) while the Palm dev tools were free. I think the idea is good but such a system could probably be gamed easily. I am sure students would start to pad their resumes with great sounding projects without any substance. This is one of the few areas where bipartisanship works. Wall Street is the most important part of the economy no matter who is in power. That's the thing about lobbying. The ROI is very high. I think the compatibility with older browsers has always been a cheap excuse. It shouldn't be too difficult to have a setting that forces certain URLs to run as a specific browser version as you mentioned. I think that's fine if you spend other people's money. For boot strapped I'll always go for mediocre instead of failure. Sometimes you can use this for trade ins to Amazon directly. Last week I traded in a book that had several prices for $100. Amazon took it for $27. On other sites you can get it for $24. Cancelling the sale if you don't like the price sounds a bit unethical :-) It's definitely a real issue. I have been working at a desk since my 20s. Now in my 40s my legs go numb after sitting for a half an hour. The problem goes away when I am on vacation for a few weeks. I bet a lot of health issues would go away if people could spend less time sitting. I have tried different chairs and postures without success. I teach yoga classes a few times a week and I see a lot of people (age 40+) showing similar symptoms: numb legs and arms, lower back pain. I believe an additional problem is that if you sit the whole day the muscles at the front side of your body get too short and the back side too long. So when you finally exercise this imbalance may cause even more problems. Same here. Left leg goes numb. Daily exercise of around one hour can't compensate. I think sitting pretty much the whole day is a very new thing. I don't think many people did that before computers. I have read somewhere that the ratio of administrators to teachers goes up constantly. That would also explain the rise in college tuition. More and more administrators and consultants to pay. Wish I could find hard numbers somewhere. But as with all political discussions real data is hard to find.., I wonder what the nutcases will make out of that. - Why did Obaba wait that long? - What did they cover up by burying him so soon? After reading the article maybe it should be titled "Open source developers are like local musicians but maybe can make a bit more money". In general I don't believe that open source developers are rocks stars but the people who use open source. Pretty much all well known web companies use open source but don't open source their flagship products. E.g. Google. Facebook, 37 Signals Maybe it should be called "stage technicians". Working hard in the background so others can become stars. the right way would be to stop trade with china since they are the ones holding up that regime. Of course that won't happen. I think there is a noticeable slowdown when the wing goes back into normal position so the driver will know if something doesn't work. It may still be a problem. Yeah. It has been a mess for a long time. In the end, though, C/C++ is still the main API and it will probably stay like that. HTML5+JS will still be Windows only. "Germany’s approach, which Mr. Davidson said typically starts with acquiring a deep understanding of the problem before making the decision to act was exactly the opposite of the culture he saw both in his home country of Israel and in America." They should appreciate different approaches instead of calling them a "problem". It's ridiculous to tell the Germans to become more like America or Israel. The German strategy has its problems and so does America's. I think a lot of developers are simply getting tired of MS cranking out half baked technologies and abandoning them after a while. If you want to write a desktop app there simply is no obvious platform of choice. You have Winforms (abandoned), WPF (slow, future unclear, do fonts render OK now?), MFC (has been out of date for 10 years), Win32 (hard to use), Silverlight (direction changes every 3 months). They all have different problems MS doesn't seem to interested addressing. I wish MS would make a decision to bet everything on one platform (I don't care which), stick to it and make it really good. A simple to medium complexity WPF app will be slower than its Winforms or Win32 counter part. It will use a lot more memory too. There may be ways around this but why can't MS optimize it instead of forcing every developer to jump through the same hoops? Winforms did not replace Win32 and WPF did not replace Winforms. That's the problem. They can't drop IE8 because too many businesses are still on XP. I wish there had been a careful reexamination of standards based on new knowledge. More likely is that bringing old plants up to standard was too expensive. Or even worse, taking them off the grid. In my view this is the real danger of nuclear power: New plants are probably quite safe but they are very expensive to maintain when they get old. On the other hand, if you relax the standard they are more profitable the older they get. So at some point you end up with a lot of old plants that are extremely expensive to maintain or shut down. The real reason is that decommissioning old reactors is very expensive. Keeping them in service is much more profitable. There would be much more lobbying from the nuclear industry if they really wanted to build new reactors. The nuclear industry can't just drop their current equipment and move on to new stuff like the computer industry can. Getting rid of an old reactor is horribly expensive. While they are at it they should also make them state the actual price of the service instead of adding them on your bill. I am tired of having random charges on my phone bill. I am waiting for the day when there are laywers in single practice who charge rates of less than $100/hr like many other professionals do. I know some laywers who are complaining about tough times but they still think they are worth $250/hr. Somehow I doubt that these fixed costs justify $250/hr vs $100/hr. But I am not 100% sure. > I don't think they have that kind of manpower. So we give it only to financial services companies :-) AT&T plans don't include any free messages I don't think it would stop the deficits. Instead we would get a new Congress every 2 years with crazier and crazier representatives. The balance of power is all wrong in many areas. E.g.: There would be no Wall street without Main Street but they still get all the power. Main Street could exist without Wall Street. People with lots of money have the means to shape laws their way and to produce propaganda so everybody believes they are important. The same could be said for venture capital. It can get much worse. Right now I am with VIPYourLife. Their cheapest plan is 14.97/month. I can forward the calls from there but since I don't use anything else I hope I can get away cheaper than this. I thought Twilio is for web sites that want to integrate voice services. Can I use it only for forwarding a number? Twilio looks pretty cool. I had only heard about it but this looks very good. I have created a URL in the format http://twimlets.com/forward?PhoneNumber= number>& and entered it into my app under Voice/request URL. Option is "Post". But when I call my new number (I have created a new number with another account) the call doesn't get forwarded. Am I missing something? Never mind. Got it. I am impressed! I could have used this some years ago for an app I was working on. The Twilio approach other people have described here works. I haven't got my phone number ported yet but with a test number it works great. Looking at how things developed in other industries like movies and banks I'd expect laws to be changed so things will get simplified for big companies with deep pockets who can afford lawyers. Small businesses don't have a lobby so congress won't help them. The problem is that a lawsuit easily can take out a small developer. Even if the lawsuit is completely frivolous. I can't afford tens of thousands of dollars for a lawsuit. If I get sued my company is probably done. It doesn't matter if the suit has merit or not. That's interesting. From my subjective observations while traveling in Louisiana and in Switzerland I'd say people in Switzerland are living much better. Where does all that GDP go? How can you determine the value of the degree? The only thing you know for pretty sure is that without degree you will have a massive problem on the job market. Very interesting. I am always amazed how quickly browsers can update the layout when you work with jQuery to update CSS or the DOM. Good point! I should have phrased it "the right degree". I could have added "from the right school" too. It's the same as "Don't optimize prematurely". True, but also don't be stupid. Wait until it's done. It will be 200 or more. It's probably the industry that gets the biggest bailouts, the fastest, without any serious questioning and without having to make any changes. I would have been OK with the 2008 bailouts if there had been any serious reform of the banking sector. I think they should have reinstated some version of Glass-Steagall. I see an increasing unwillingness of companies to train people who don't have EXACTLY the right skillset. This used be different in the 90s. In Germany there is the word "Schweinezyklus". Pig cycle. It's mostly prevalent in engineering. It works like this: 1. Companies complain about not having enough qualified engineers 2. Everybody gets told to get into engineering in college 3. Boom crashes. Companies lay off engineers. The new engineering graduates don't get hired and are unemployed 4. Everybody flees engineering 5. Back to step 1. I think we are at the end of step 1 and 2. - I knew plenty of people who were top-notch developers who didn't find jobs back then. I don't think this cycle is evil. I just want people to be careful when they read stuff like this in the article: "Are you in college and bothered about the job market ahead of your graduation, should you consider switching majors? maybe. The industry is booming and doesn’t look like it will be slowing down anytime soon. In the middle of all the unemployment, maybe we can take solace in the never ending demand for Engineers." After a boom there is always a bust. And the bigger the boom, the bigger the bust. It will be interesting once there are no jobs for humans left because robots will be better at everything than humans. In theory, everybody could have a robot that provides them with everything they need. Nice site. Some thoughts: - The fonts are way too big. On my 13 inch screen it feels as if the site is constantly screaming at me. - How does the phone trigger work? I suppose it gets triggered when a call comes in. Do you port the number or how else would you know that a phone call comes in? If the guy had made 2 billion by accident the CEO would get credit for it and take a big bonus home. It again shows how messed up the system is. The big guys have all the upside but pretty much no downside. It saddens me that the best advice for so many situations is "Get a lawyer". Besides the fact that they are expensive I find it frustrating that society has become that adversarial. I would see an incentive for hiring people if I didn't have to deal with health care at all. I think employer based insurance is a huge drag on America's businesses. I would happily pay some percent more in taxes if I didn't have to deal with it. The comparison with politics is a good one! Working together but still keeping some distance is out of fashion. It seems most of America's leadership is too busy serving their egos instead of working on the things they have been hired to do. This guy assumed responsibility at least. The Wall Street guys in 2008 demanded retention bonuses instead. I don't propose suicide but I would like to see CEOs being a bit more shocked when their actions turn out to be a total disaster. I think it would be better for the country. The people who made the stupid decisions were rewarded pretty well. Weideking still sits on a few hundred million euros. This seems to be the new "free market". Another counter example is Singapore. This has nothing to do with envy and retribution. It's about an economic system that pretends to be a free market but is increasingly skewed to giving a certain class of people guaranteed rewards no matter how they perform. Not a healthy thing for an economy. It's a well run dictatorship. Probably the best environment for capitalism but hard to maintain over a long time. The financial sector or defense? They operate within a framework where they are pretty much guaranteed profits. Nice point! I come from Europe and you are right from my experience. You forget there are a lot of people who don't have the things you mention. I am not sure this is the whole story. The Wall Steet Journal lately seems to be on a mission to discredit any form of government. Of course it's different when they wear a uniform, do things in secret and tell us they are there to protect us... Dare to explain? Please don't make this into another democrat vs republican issue. They may be using different language but both parties are essentially the same when it comes to the things they actually do. Group insurance should be abolished. Take the whole country as one big group. It doesn't make sense to have small groups negotiate their coverage. I think it works if you have a very strong leader who has a good idea where the product should go. I do a lot of consulting where I don't see people but am always amazed how many issues can be resolved when the whole team sits in a room together. It's a necessity for a civilized country. I also think the real problem is that they are so cheap. Whatever I read about lobbying the ROI is huge. Obviously having politicians make it more expensive to bribe will have some serious problems too... I think the best would be to make all payments anonymous. If you like what a politician does you support him but he should never know who donated to him. I don't think you can generalize that. As far as I remember Obama got a lot of small donations in 2008 and as a small donor your donations are pretty much anonymous. You don't get any special access for your $100 or less. But people still donated. Maybe the big donors would go away but I am fine with that. I think this may be a good accelerator for real patent reform. Once the economy has come to a standstill because companies are suing each other left and right for silly patents people will see how ridiculous the system is. Unfortunately this will probably still take a while and be very painful. It's an illusion that programming will be a safe job. Robots will do most of that too. It's great if it worked for you. I did the same and forced myself into social situations for years. I became quite functioning socially after a few years but I never got really comfortable and in the end had to stop because I was completely exhausted. I also went through therapy with the same result and the therapist basically telling that I am a loser. Psychological problems are difficult. Most obese people probably know pretty well how to lose weight but they just can't do it. Same for alcoholics. "But we are so much bigger" seems to be the standard excuse for the US not looking at what other countries are doing successfully and learning from them. I am not assuming anything. As a recent citizen of the US I am just observing that the US doesn't seem to be willing to look at other countries and learn from them because somehow the US is perceived as special. Examples where the US could learn a lot IMO are: - health system - broadband coverage (argument "the US has low population density". But why does the coverage in LA suck then? It should be a dream for a competitive market. - murder rates - incarceration rates - poverty rates Reflexively rejecting other countries' experiences is hurting this country big time. Why is this always used as an excuse why the US is different? The US has ten times more people, hence 10 time more tax payers. If anything I would expect things to be easier for the US because of its scale. I don't understand why there is a VA. Just give them Medicare or another health insurance. I can see a need for facilities that can treat combat specific injuries but I guess most veterans can be served by the regular health system. Medicare for example. You are making some good points here. I agree about rational commodity markets. However, I am not sure everyday consumers are benefiting from cheap loans. I think cheap mortgages have driven up house prices, cheap student loans have driven up tuition. They certainly have a lot of experience with bribes. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_bribery_scandals#West_... I think the 2008 events have shown that the Fed's purpose is to keep the "financial system" happy. Regular citizens don't really count anymore. Treasury bonds? It's much easier and faster to use existing infrastructure than having to build a new one. Not only that. Even the people who want to cut taxes all the time like Grover Norquist are against it. They want to make tax paying as painful as possible. The more information you have the better. You could still dispute the numbers the IRS. I fail to see any downside in such a system (other than for TurboTax and CPAs) Remove them from the job? I work in a company that does animal experiments and I have noticed that some of the scientists don't seem to have any empathy with the animals. They treat them like any other device they work with. In my view they could treat the animals much better without having a negative impact on the study but it's just not a concern for management or scientists. I never thought it about as a coping strategy. It's an interesting thought though. I know quite a few people who couldn't deal with animal testing anymore and did something else. I guess that leaves a certain kind of people. I still think there should be stronger rules for animal testing and how the animals are being kept. The cost for better treatment would be small compared to all other costs. I bet somewhen in the future people will look at animal cruelty (animal testing and meat production) the same way we look at things like slavery or chopping off a thief's hands now. I think that employer based health insurance is the real problem of the US system. It sets up all incentives the wrong way. Isn't "asshole" as negative as "bitch"? Woman or man, you probably won't be loved by everybody. Maybe success is a combination of factors like birth, hard work and luck? I am always frustrated when people want to reduce an issue to only one contributing factor. Correct: sex, race, looks, parents, place of birth and so on How do you conduct a trial for a preventive drug? Just wondering. It seems quite difficult to set this up. Who wants to take an experimental drug for decades? And if it's a rare disease you need a lot of people. I think after 2008 it's pretty clear that executives personally don't have to fear any consequences from wrongdoing. Either someone way down the chain of command goes to jail or the shareholders pay for a settlement. I think the maps are very good but all Android maps I have tried that use OSM have terrible search interface. In Google I can type in "IKEA Burbank" and get the right result. I can't do that in any of the OSM apps. I also need to know in what city a certain street is. I can't do "1234 Foothill, Los Angeles" like in Google but I need to know that this number is in Glendale. If they fixed this I think adoption would go up a lot. California is perfectly positioned for going into renewables if it actually tried. I live near Los Angeles and there are only a few days during the year when we don't have sun. There huge open desert areas tat could be covered with solar collectors. If any area in the world can make the transition it's California. It' not "almost as though" but they are meaningless terms (and harmful to political discussion in my view). American politics likes to force every issue into the "liberal" or "conservative" category but reality is much more subtle. Sure, they had some left-wing traits. And they had some right wing traits too: The belief that Germany is a special country is pretty similar to today's conservatives belief that the US is exceptional and blessed by God. My point was that by figuring out whether the Nazis were left or right wing nothing is learned. There are left wing and right wing democracies and there are left and right wing dictatorships. Left wing governments have killed a lot of people and so have right wing governments. You expressed my point much more eloquently than I could. Always watch people actually do. Not only what they say. If the area argument was true then areas like Los Angeles or NYC would see cheap prices and great coverage. I would take an LA only plan if it were cheap. I think a lot of people would. And why do roaming fees have to be outrageous? How about reasonable ones? This is just crazy. To have a healthy society these issues should be discussed a lot but without the fear of being punished for your views. I know why it's not being discussed. It's because US citizens have been trained by the parties to think that anybody with a different view is a bad person you can't even talk to without getting angry. This is not good for a healthy democracy. Their economics are close to liberals (not the american definition). I don't think there is an equivalent for the religious right. At least not in Germany What agenda is it pushing? I think it's similar to a drug lord whose family lives with them in a nice house. If the drug lord gets convicted the children lose their house/home although they were innocent. This will stop immediately as soon as they start going after white, wealthy people. As long as they stick to poor non-white people who can't afford a lawyer or simply don't have the legal knowledge to fight back, nothing will happen. The real criminals just use big banks for money laundering: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/apr/03/us-bank-mexico-... When you read the reports it becomes clear that they won't go after people like you. they go after people who either don't know their rights or simply cannot afford to fight back. If you want to do something about this then help some of the people in this situation take their case to court. Price transparency is the one thing I would have liked to see from ObamaCare. They should have mandated to open up all pricing and all quality numbers. It's possible that some people would misinterpret these numbers but right now you are in that crazy situation where you have to make decisions based on no data at all. With open pricing and data a market based health system might work. Maybe. I haven't had much success getting prices when I had a high deductible insurance. Most doctors won't tell you anything or they will quote you one price today and 5 times as much tomorrow. You certainly won't get a binding quote you can plan with. As far as I understand the insurance companies also negotiate pr-set prices with hospitals and doctors. But if you pay yourself they just make up prices and you don't know how much the insurance companies are paying so it's hard to negotiate. and even if they give an estimate it's not binding. I hope you have studied Pol Pot enough to make this comparison. I still think it's completely inappropriate to make such a comparison in this context. Will they kill children by slamming them against trees or killing people with shovels? Or will they "interrogate" people until they die? Will they kill 20% of population in 4 years? Your comparison is inappropriate and cheapens the suffering of people who lived under Pol Pot. Looking at the waistlines of people I am not sure this is profit :-) It seems to me that a lot of wild animals are smarter than dogs. Dogs' main ability is to "connect" to us and rad our intentions. On the other hand they are dependent on us and probably not very good at surviving in the wild. I also have a NeuroSky headset. It's a nice toy but not really useful. I can't imagine there being a technical reason. OCR is almost purely algorithmic and it shouldn't depend much on the OS. I think that's it. There haven't been that many fundamental breakthroughs in science in the last few decades. I think you are confusing capitalism with free and competitive markets. Capitalists probably prefer central planning and regulation as long as it benefits them. In boxing or other martial arts there is this phenomenon that you often like or respect your opponent after a fight. And that despite trying to knock him out. You certainly weren't planning on creating a social bond. I think there something that makes going through difficulties together a bonding experience. In my neighborhood (LA) the lawn sprinklers still run every night and flood the streets. I don't think it's right to doubt that these movements at least accelerated improvements. I am sure the South would happily have held slaves for much longer than it did. I remember when I was a kid car manufacturers claimed they would go bankrupt if they had to install catalytic filters. Only the pressure from the environmental movement build up the momentum for requiring those filters. Without the labor movement we would probably still work 12 hours six days a week. I'd agree with millstone Every few years MS pushes a new UI framework (MFC, WTL, WinForms,WPF, WinRT, SilverLight) and abandons it after a few years. Other than Win32 which is not easy to use there really is no obvious choice which framework to use. If I had to start a new desktop app for Windows I would probably go with Qt. I would not trust MS. I agree that going with Win32 + your own wrapper is probably best in the long run. As far as WPF/WinRT/Silverlight go, they are different enough that it's hard to exchange any code between them or port from to another. Win32 is the only API that can be used in the long run and is maintained and improved by MS. All the other APIs like WinForms, WPF, MFC, Silverlight, WinRT get abandoned after a few years. Yes, they still run but you end up with a codebase that uses outdated tools without a good migration path to a never API. It would be really nice if they would actually stick to something. With the exception of Win32 all MS "choices" are half-baked and will be abandoned after a while without an upgrade path. If I had to start a new desktop app now I would also go for Qt. I am tired of MS rolling out new frameworks and abandoning them a few years later. Good luck finding a company that uses Win 8 so you can actually deploy a WinRT app. And wait until they lose interest in WinRT too like they have done with every new technology quickly. Sure you can. But you are locked into a framework that reached its peak a few years ago. It's like writing HTML that's compatible with IE6. You can do this and it works but you are stuck in the past. WPF data binding is vastly superior to Winforms. That's a really bad comparison. Companies respond really well to financial incentives. Haven't they cancelled that feature? I remember getting an e-mail http://consumerist.com/2014/06/16/paypal-discontinues-mobile... Just wait until some terrorists use only mail to prepare an attack. Then probably every piece of mail will be read to protect us. Reading those letters wouldn't have prevented the attacks. I am talking about people avoiding E-mail or phone and exclusively using mail to coordinate attacks. I don't think it's fair to call bank bailouts socialism. Maybe call "socialism for the rich/well connected". I have noticed that too. It's pretty much standard that people take at least some prescription drugs regularly. Also the children of some friends know all the ins and outs of different pills. I don't think I ever had had a headache pill when I was the same age. I find meditation and strong exercise help quite a bit. I also took classes with a Tibetan Buddhist monk. He had pretty good insights into how the mind works. Not sure if that can be generalized though. My company has a technical track in theory but over the last 2 years I have observed that mediocre managers keep getting promoted regularly whereas only absolutely outstanding engineers move up. If you want to make decent money, management is the way to go. At least in my company. If you open source all contracts and all internal and external communication of banks then I am for legalizing insider trading because it can't exist. As long as working for a bank is the number 1 way for ex-politicians and regulators to make a few million quickly nothing will happen. And you can't blame them. Look at this guy: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/03/peter-orszag-citigroup... He went from making probably around 200k (my guess) to 3 million+. I would probably sell out for that money too. The pay differential between banks and the rest is just too much. Two reasons: - Do this for one or two years and you are pretty much set for life. That's pretty tempting - I don't think the bankers think of themselves as antisocial or non-ethical. These pictures usually get taken at 15-30 secs with a very fast lens (f2.8) and an ISO of 1600-6400. You need a pretty dark sky or a lot of post processing. Within 50-100 miles of the background is just brown. If you have a camera with manual control, give it a try. You need a wide angle lens, otherwise you'll get star trails quickly. Andromeda is actually larger than the full moon, but very faint. You wouldn't see much. Andromeda is the closest galaxy and even that is very faint. And you need some warm clothing! Once you live in California you start to forget that there are weather conditions other than sunshine and warm. It happened to me! I have been think about that too. Then investing would also be less of a gamble on the stock market. It tends to be cheaper? You may be able to heat way below regular room temperature though. I don't think it matters too much if an object has 60 or 70 degrees. When I was in military we learned to sleep on top of the made bed and only straighten it out a little in the morning :-) It doesn't seem to be a problem for skiers or hunters. I have done that for a while and, if you have a commute, there is no time left for anything else during those 4 days. It may be a nice option sometimes, but it's not viable for people with other obligations during the week. The real killer feature of Photoshop is YouTube videos and books. I am learning it right now and it's extremely helpful to watch tutorial videos. There is almost nothing for GIMP so if you don't know exactly what you are looking for, you are out of luck. After parking in DC I always thought there should be a "parking lawyer" service. You take a picture of the signs (sometimes 6 on top of each other), you upload it to the service and they tell you whether it's OK to park. Same here. Microsoft would have to deliver a phenomenal OS for me to switch back. I just saw this in the last project in my company: One group delayed the difficult decisions until the last moment and had to work nights and weekends to catch up. All other groups were on top of things and done way before the deadline. Guess which group saw promotions and gets recognized by senior management at pretty much every meeting? Seems the best strategy is to create problems and then fix them in the most visible way. I view IBM or especially HP jumping on a bandwagon as a strong negative signal for that technology. I also don't like that in the US you never can tell how much something will cost you at the end. I remember on my first trip I had one dollar left, bought candy and at the cashier was was told it would actually be 1.09. Same for cell phone planes and internet. There are always seemingly random charges added to the final price. You see something similar in congress in DC. A lot of internships there are unpaid too so most interns come from "good" families. If the risk was that low you would have thought that a lot of rich guys would have stood in line to buy up the banks' assets. Sounds like attendance maximization. I think this is the problem with a professional army. I bet Vietnam would have gone on for much longer if there had been only volunteers there. And the Iraq invasion would not have happened of there had been a draft. This may be true for some people but a lot of people I know buy a car when the old one falls apart. I took the risky choice twice and it didn't work out. I think it's just a gamble especially if you are an employee. As a founder you have more influence. To me that sounds much easier than an autonomous car that has to work any time, deal with pedestrians, things falling off other cars, rain, snow, ice and many other unpredictable factors. That number sounds really high to me too. 2000 of them of and you have a nuclear power plant. You could argue that they took something from other people by claiming a larger share of economic output for themselves. Something seems wrong when the largest share of economic growth goes to the top as we have seen over the last decades. And I believe this is not because of some economic law but because the top 1% have made the rules to their favor. there should just be one country-wide insurance pool. No company insurance pools or any other insurance through groups. that way risk gets spread out nicely. And I think administrative costs would be much lower. Not necessarily. There can also be private companies that offer insurance for all citizens. I don't see how insuring everybody increases complexity. If anything it should increase efficiency. Two more things should probably happen to make this work: - Eliminate employment-based insurance. Employers should be totally out of the loop - Have providers post the same price for everybody independently how they are insured Works pretty well in other counties A lot of the money comes from sources like pension funds. A collapse won't hurt retail investors directly but their pensions will hurt. If Uber at $20 billion is such a great deal, why don't Larry Ellison, Bill Gates or Warren Buffet buy it outright? The far left and far right there are much closer than you may think. I noticed the same in the last Avengers and Superman movies. After a while I had no idea what was going. I am not sure if the action scenes are just some cool looking scenes added to arouse as much emotion as possible without making sense. I think it's time to think about sending companies to "jail". If you are in medical devices the FDA can suspend all your sales for a while. Obviously shutting down a bank for half a year will be pretty complicated to do without hurting their customers but I think it's something to think about. How is the pay for manager vs tech lead? In my company managers get paid much better and have more levels to move up to whereas a tech lead typically has maxed out his potential for promotions. I think the omission of deterministic destructors is one of the biggest mistakes the C# designers made. The Dispose pattern feels like a band aid. No problem for him to take a paycut with his equity. How do salary raises get decided under this system? To me it looks like he wants to have top management, a few superstars, and the rest of the company are totally interchangeable. Does your salary get reduced when you change roles? "These are hierarchies of influence, not position, and they’re built from the bottom up. At Morning Star one accumulates authority by demonstrating expertise, helping peers, and adding value. Stop doing those things, and your influence wanes—as will your pay." Form the company's perspective this is probably a good thing but I think it results in a hyper-competitive situation for the regular employee. I used to box for a few years and competed so may I can add a reply: -Headgear is good to avoid cuts and bruises but it's cumbersome. It impedes your vision, moves around a lot. It doesn't protect much from being knocked out. -5 pounds difference is OK but when it gets to 20 you start feeling it. Especially if your opponent knows how to use the weight. Height/reach difference can also be annoying. -Liver shots are bad. You get hit, think you are OK, but after a few seconds you can't breathe and go down. I have never managed to keep going after hit in the liver. From my experience MMA fighters and kickboxers spar extremely hard. Boxers seem to be a little smarter that way. I expect that a lot of amateur MMA fighters will end up with brain damage from training even if competitions may be a little safer. The same happens with private insurance. I think your point would have been better if you had written "Medicare or health insurance" In a sense that's what google does. Some years ago I did a project that involved scraping and we got some letters from layers and got blocked from some websites. Make sure to know what the legal situation is, otherwise lawyers' letters can be scary. The housing bubble was beneficial for a lot of people until 2008 :-) " "All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others" 30 hours sounds pretty high to me :-) Ditto for phone plans. Base price + unknowable amount of fees From my experience it's quite easy to get a patent issued if you have enough lawyers on staff. I have been at brainstorming sessions at a big company where we came up with around 10 ideas within an hour and often at least one of them ended up being a patent. I experienced the opposite last year. after cancelling Prime my shipments became extremely slow. That's right. The shipping itself was fast but orders would just sit for days and sometimes weeks before being shipped. It would be cool to see NewtonOS on an iPad or Android tablet. With current CPU power this would be a great system. When I visited Apple a few years ago somebody talked about some cleaners having a 3 hour commute each way. At some point you have to think about whether hatred or revenge are productive ways to help victims. Maybe there are better ways. I think it will be a monopoly for people/organizations who have the necessary money. And they will probably create rules that prevents others from getting information. So we will have some information have's and a lot of have nots. OSXI Tijuana? Let's go international. With all that glorification of military and war since 2001 it's no wonder cops want to jump on the bandwagon. Anybody who can survive a few fights and keep going is a tough dude. the problem with boxing is that losing has a much higher price than other sports. I can challenge the No 1 tennis player every day and get only my ego hurt. In boxing every loss (and often even a win) comes with brain damage. Not earthquakes You will perceive LA humidity as much lower as DC humidity. Yup. TDD, object orientation, agile, functional programming and whatever else are all good ideas. In some cases they work, in others not. But it seems people have a tendency to make them into ideologies/religions that when applied correctly will solve everything. I guess it's a way to exercise power over people. No individual thought allowed. I think they will end up like airlines. Not a great business to be in. Totally agree with maxerickson. I remember some years ago there was a discussion whether banks should first check back with the consumer whether he really wants to open the account. Banks were against it because it's too much trouble for them. The banks could make a simple phone call and ask you whether you really want to open the account. Or send you a letter. that would stop a lot of "identity theft". The only reason they get away with this is because they can make your life hell and unless you can afford a lot of lawyer time there is not much you can do. I think often fix-it-teams are allowed to do things the regulars are not allowed to do. I have seen several projects where pretty much everybody (except maybe the top managers) knew what's wrong but wasn't allowed to make changes. Then some crack team (Accenture or "young people") comes in, gets permission to make the necessary changes and gets all the credit. As non-american leaving here for 15 years now I think that Americans like binary options. Good/evil, democrat/republican, socialist/capitalist. Often the media enforces that. I hate it when people narrow things down to one factor. Yes, speed can be helpful, but you still need to balance it with other factors like quality. Speed for its own sake can kill you quickly. In short, you need to know what you are doing and why. When I did my compulsory military duty in Germany I ended up being military police. We had a lot of interactions with American MPs due to the US military being stationed there. We always joked about how they behaved like movie action heroes, always ready to use force. We were trained to avoid confrontation at almost any price. When in doubt, retreat. I guess it's a different view on law "enforcement". Because the German cops are not push overs either. If somebody will attack them they will fight back. But by trying to deescalate first you set the tone for the interaction. Most of the recently published police violence in the US seems to come from really trivial situations, not from criminals. I watched the Sandra Bland video. The cop stops her for a trivial traffic violation (I often forget my turns signals too and I see a lot of people doing that too). She responds in an aggravated way. Instead of trying to defuse the situation he makes it worse by telling her to put out the cigarette. Why would you do that? This sounds like a pure ego-trip where the cop wants to assert his total dominance. He could have given her a ticket and just left. This makes no sense. North Korea and East Germany didn't do well because they stifled private enterprise. It has nothing to do with taking from the rich. Sweden has high tax rates and does perfectly fine. That's what I have observed as freelancer in a lot of companies. People who rise high on the technical track have to be exceptional (and often get let go to save money) whereas managers can be average and have more staying power. My advice to anybody who wants to have a long career and make good money is to go into management. this may be different for companies where there is more respect for engineers. What industry is that? In companies I have seen it's a matter of principle that an engineer can't make as much money as managers. They would lay off the best engineer in the world before giving him as much money as they make. Very true. From a certain level on managers have to be extremely high performing. But in the lower ranks it's easier to advance as a manager than for technical people. I have a piece of titanium in my orbital bone from when I ran over a little rock when inline skating. If this thing hits a rock you'll go flying. Really hard. > Maybe it didn't use to be a trauma - but in the time of more and more focus on grades and GPAs, forced student competition, "career days", CV polishing courses, mandatory unpaid internships, i.e., ageneral shift from the university as a place that creates politically mature citizens to a place that churns out better trained cogs for companies, education may have become trauma. This together with high tuition fees makes school a high pressure place. When I went to school in the 80s there wasn't this constant pressure students have now. If it's that doable why are there no funds that guarantee 8% every year? I would even buy a fund that gives me "only" 5% guaranteed. They can keep the other 5%. Somehow I doubt that in Russia young people "listen to state propaganda and prepare WW3". If you believe this you are probably victim of other state propaganda. I was in a conscripted army too. Technically I was preparing for WW3 but in reality we drank a lot of beer and waited to get out again. We certainly didn't think about fighting a war. I don't think Russian soldiers think differently. Winning the lottery is doable too. So is making $20 million per year as golf pro. When people give investment advice based on the 10% average return (which they do) then it should be a pretty safe thing and easy to achieve for everybody. Otherwise it will be bad advice for a lot of people. I also think that with today's CPUs, memory and displays the Newton would be a fantastic device. I sometimes play with my old MessagePad 2000 and really like using it. You should add that conservatives focus on the government messing up everything so nothing can be solved either. See the healthcare debate, That's what scares me about self driving cars. right now a three hour commute each way is not really feasible but if you could sleep in your car it would be very possible. We may end up with even more sprawl and more cars on the roads. That's something I have been wondering about for a long time. Wouldn't pure libertarianism require a huge justice system and give a lot of power to courts? In absence of regulation every dispute would have to go to court. I really would like to see a set of laws and government regulations that libertarians would support. Has anybody ever created such a thing? Would there be regulations on cigarettes, selling alcohol to 10 year olds or lead paint? Who would prove the harm if there is no EPA? Who has the money to go against big corporations and their paid experts? It took forever to get a shared understanding that smoking is really harmful. I don't want to be dismissive but most libertarians I talk to seem to live in a dream world and avoid real-world scenarios. I want to reply back but can't either :-(. I hope this is not considered a flame war. "Lawyers working on behalf of those bringing class-action suits against the manufacturers." Who can afford that? You will always be outmatched be by big corporations. "Not at all. It took forever for the justice system to overcome the massive lobbying and corruption that was protecting the tobacco industry from lawsuits over their fraudulent advertising. " In what way would the situation improve if there was no regulation? There would be even more corruption. Just look at the ratings agencies during the 2008 crisis. They were supposed to be a market based information source but in reality they were paid off. There is a lot that's wrong with agencies like the EPA but abolishing them and dreaming up market based solutions that are corruption free doesn't seem to be realistic to me. "Who would prove the harm if there is no EPA? The same experts who the EPA uses, or hopefully better ones. I would happily subscribe to a consumer reports for heath information, for example. This would create a market where accurate and timely information was actually incentivized." How do you make sure that your consumer reports aren't corrupt? And how do they get financed? Research into things that cause long-term effects (like lead or mercury or tobacco) is very expensive and not really viable for a company that needs to produce a profit short-term. In my mind, if you want a functioning libertarian state you need to strengthen public research and make sure it's not corrupted. So strengthen the EPA instead of abolishing it. That way courts and citizens have accurate information to determine if harm has been done or not. That's the question I always ask and never get an answer. Not sure but wouldn't a rover be difficult to land with the low gravity? I was thinking about the way they slam the mars rovers into the ground with airbags. That certainly wouldn't work or the rover would bounce around for a long time. But I guess there are other ways. It would certainly be interesting to see what NASA comes up with. The "How are you" or "How's it going?" thing took me a while to get used too. Now sometimes I say "Great" automatically even when somebody asks a real question or says "Hi". It's not exactly easy to make watch parts. The manufacturers already have the tools so they could produce them at reasonable prices. But for a third party it would be very hard and the volume is probably extremely low. Can you be specific when the "not following the constitution anymore" started? How about putting the advanced options into a menu or make them somehow discoverable? I hate it when after years I found out that something was possible but I didn't know that I had to press option+shift+ctrl while standing on one foot. It's OK to make advanced features less prominent but don't hide them. On mobile apps it's even worse. Swipe up, left or right? Nobody knows. Like all other trends it has a lot of good aspects to it and will come back in some form. Right now functional programming is the rage. Just wait until some functional programming projects fail. Then people will say "functional programming has failed". Happened with object oriented programming. There is no methodology that can be subverted by people who don't understand it. There are plenty of them in Maryland. They work great. The people making the decisions don't play with their own money. You make a lot of bonus while the cheat is going on and when it blows up you walk away with the money. Either the shareholders or the regular employees (through layoffs) pay the bills. Now if the decision makers had to pay back their bonuses that would be different. Here is another one from Swami Rama: http://www.swamij.com/pdf/swami-rama-beyond-biofeedback.pdf He gets credit for everything good that comes out of VW even without his knowledge. So he should also take the blame for everything bad that happens. It's ironic that people need to be protected from the shock of a diagnosis but it's OK to shock them with a six figure hospital bill... Look at the SEC people that move straight to Wall Street or the Eric Holder. I wonder if there will be a time when introverts are being viewed as a discriminated group. It's not OK to make disparaging remarks about people of certain races, sexual orientation and other groups but it seems to be OK to make negative remarks about introverted or shy people. When I hear about women having it difficult to make their way in tech professions I always remember how hard it was to be a shy teenager. I have a 2014 MacBook Pro and had the Yosemite Wifi issues. And looking at the Apple forums a ton of other people had them too. It has become better (from totally unusable) but Wifi still cuts out from time to time. I wonder if these problems were already apparent during the test phase. I have the same problem and apparently the laws of physics changed when Yosemite was released. Before it was fine. Does Linus ever make mistakes and does he receive the same treatment? I have seen lots of posts where he explains things patiently in a lot of detail. I just wonder if he gets the same tough treatment he gives to others when he is wrong. And if he takes it well. I am assuming that sometimes like most of us he is totally wrong. That'a a big problem. It's a huge deal and Congress can either approve the whole thing or reject the whole thing. That puts a lot of pressure on the single representative. It should be voted on in small pieces. The same should have happened with the ACA. There are lots of parts that could be enacted on their own. this is only anecdotal but in Europe I never had trouble digesting milk. The milk they sell in the US makes me feel bloated. It also tastes differently. Obviously that's not a scientific study but for me it's good enough to conclude that something is different. Is that in the US? In CA whole milk is much more expensive. I didn't conclude that. It seems the major difference is pasteurization and homogenization so I guess it's one of them or both. I should add that my observations are mainly about fresh milk from a farm. But even the ultrapasteurized milk they sell in tetra paks is better digestible for me. To me the main difference is that in Europe it's possible to get unpasteurized milk whereas in the US it's hard to do so. I am not talking about "H-Milch" in tetra paks :-) "The poor rising up against the rich" is pretty much most of history. Look at the american revolution, the russian revolution or the french revolution. When have entrenched elites ever given up power or let the poor rise voluntarily? Either the poor would stage a revolution or some outside invaders would come in. I think there is a point to that. But I am almost tempted to add github users to that list too. Recently I see a lot of young guys who seem to have forgotten that you can write algorithms yourself and instead they will spend hours and days looking for something on github. In addition in healthcare none of the 5 places will actually give you a meaningful quote. This might work. I have a high deductible plan and the only rational way to reduce costs is to not go to the doctor. Otherwise it's all guesswork since you don't have any information. You can't get any prices and no quality numbers are available. A website with binding/fixed prices, some kind of quality number or reviews and whether the doctor will take your insurance would help. Why is it impossible to show prices? Medicare and private insurances have defined price lists. They should just be forced to make them public. A system where one group gets charged too little (is that really true in the case of Medicare? I doubt it) which then forces another group to be ripped off in a hidden way doesn't make sense and hurts the country. The US has by far the most expensive health system as percentage of GDP and I haven't seen any statistics that show that the outcomes are superior. In some areas outcomes are very good, in other areas not so much. One place where health care is an economic disaster is the US. Absolutely. I have seen people coming in to work in the morning and their badges didn't work anymore. They had to negotiate with security to be allowed to get their personal stuff from their desk. I thought these days IPOs are mainly a vehicle to sell stocks to the public where the investors have pretty much extracted all likely gains already. Backstopping something like Twitter would cost a lot of money. The only drawback I see with OSM that none of the apps I have tried has good search capability. I would like to be able to enter "11077 Wilshire, Los Angeles", instead I have to click through state. city and then street which is tedious and sometimes impossible. The maps themselves are very good. Yes, I was talking about phone apps. Just played with Photon on their website: It's better but still far away from Google's capability. Like it or not, but Google is very, very good with search :-) I would recommend trying it yourself. I always had problems with my knees, wrists and elbows to the point where pretty much any kind of exercise caused lot of pain. Then I spent a month at a yoga ashram where all food was made fresh without any sugar. After two weeks the joint pain was almost completely gone. I am now on a low-sugar diet and my joints are still doing well. When I eat some sugar after half an hour my wrist and elbow start to hurt again. I have tried this a few times and the effect is totally reproducible. This experience makes me wonder how many people who have arthritis and other inflammatory diseases could reduce their symptoms with a low/no sugar diet. Keeping weight off is also much easier with low sugar. My advice is: Keep it a try. Stay off sugar for a month and see if you notice any changes. There is nothing to lose (besides a few pounds). How can I tell somebody about my personal experiences without sounding like an infomercial? And why do you call it placebo? I have gone back and forth several times with the same results every time. Maybe my body is different from anybody else's body and my results apply only to me. That's obviously a possibility. It took humans from 1903 to 1947 to break the sound barrier. That's a little more than 15 years. I don't understand why the punishment is not much tougher. People like prosecutors, cops and judges are entrusted by society with power over people's lives. Illegal behavior in such a role should be viewed much more severely. A government can't work if it doesn't operate to the highest standards. "Besides, most codes we wrote are merely prototypes that won't be used again." I used to work with scientists that said pretty much the same thing. Once their stuff started working we had to deal with a huge pile of very badly written code and make this into a product quickly. I am not advocating for doing everything perfectly from the start but I think scientists who write code should at least try to learn some basic software engineering skills. I am talking about simple things like writing a function instead of copy/paste the same 500 lines of code 10 times, using STL containers instead of heap allocated arrays everywhere, meaningful variable names or (my favorite) using variables for important numbers instead of putting the number 8 everywhere into the code so you don't know if 7 is "8-1" or really is just 7. Some of the scientists I worked with somehow took pride in not following any coding practices because they were scientists, not mere coders. I believe in this particular startup I worked for these practices contributed to the eventual failure since we had 100s of thousands of lines of prototype code that crashed left and right and nobody knew exactly what it's doing because there was almost no documentation. I think a little respect for engineering practices is a good thing for scientists and I don't think it impedes their creativity. Compare that to medical or aviation regulations. The legal system has the potential to hurt people as much as these industries so it should have the level of regulation. The only chance for the regular guy to make money for retirement is through the stock market. No pensions and polices like 401k and low interest pretty much leave no other chance. I am fine if Wall Streeters rip off each other but with the regular guy pretty much forced into the stock market I think there should be very tight regulation and certainly no insider training. That's my point. 401k pushes people into the stock market. I really hate "professionalism". Yes, it's not personal, but only because the persons who are affected by this, are not seen as persons by management. Carbon fiber can't be recycled. My "doctor" from the list also was an old guy. He examined me in his living room with 4 cats wandering around and jumping on tables. Very bizarre situation. I wish there was a good way to make it clear to the troops that even though you don't support their mission you still support them. Often cancelling a useless mission is the best way to support them. The "Support the troops" movement is a perfect way for politicians to hide behind the troops to suppress any criticism. The crazy thing is that this problem has been solved a long time ago. MS Money had the ability to download from different banks and then you had all the data on your hard disk. Worked like a charm ,but as it seems to be the trend these days with things that worked well, MS abandoned it. Mint is so primitive in comparison. A while ago I had to look up something about a 4 year old transaction. The bank had the data but for whatever reason would fight tooth and nail not to give it to me. That's my theory too. It seems a lot of software has peaked a few years ago and gone downhill from there: - MS Office peaked around 2000 - Gmail 3 years ago? - GMaps 3 years ago? - I would argue Windows peaked somewhere between 2000 and XP The same applies to managers. When an organization works well, they have the need to change things around just because. No doubt that Windows 7 or 10 are much more stable. They could have achieved that without making massive changes to the UI. My point was more about the UI capabilities. the general capabilities visible to a user haven't changed much between Windows 2000 and Windows 10 but they have made massive UI changes at least 4 times requiring the user to re-learn how to do the same thing. Another example: Visual Studio Version 2008 looked good, was really nice to use, easily customizable From 2010 on it turned into a gray, depressing mess with less features (toolbar buttons almost indistinguishable from each other, no macros, toolbars can't be customized by just dragging things) . Maybe it's "agile" but certainly not "Agile". You seem to have a total misunderstanding of how Agile methods work in practice. Not saying that Scrum is great but the points you are raising make no sense in this context. In Los Angeles you see quite a few of these. Big courtyard with one entrance from the street. Inside of it small houses facing the courtyard. It will be drone delivery. And nobody will dare shooting them down! If they still produce more than they cost you, then you should hire more people. There certainly is a threshold where people become too expensive but the questions is when this is reached. looking at sky high corporate profits these days I think people produce much more more value than they are being paid. I have been thinking along the same line too. The same people would probably have associated with Al Qaeda when they were stronger years ago. Do you have any consideration for the animals are suffering from this research? Just curious. Jira with Bitbucket Server works for us pretty well. You just have to resist the urge to customize too much and stick to the basics instead. BTW you don't need Greenhopper anymore. Jira Agile is now integrated into Jira software There is way too much money to be made for surgeons. I sometimes interact with surgeons through work and they all deny that money is a factor in making decisions. But they all like their sports cars :-) Companies "hack" their customers all the time but somehow it's unethical for customers to do the reverse? It seems to some people the "free market" means corporations can do whatever they want but not vice versa. It took me a while to realize how broken the process at my company is. You have to write your own review, review your coworkers, write your own goals. There is never any feedback from management if the goals are realistic or what their expectations are. At the end it's always "Keep doing what you are doing". I think the more inequality there is the more poor and rich live in their own worlds where they never see each other. That makes it harder to relate to each other. There was a time when X-rays were considered useless or nuclear physics. In addition, if you took a closer look at a shrimp on treadmills study and its rationale, you would often see the use pretty quickly. I always think that the immigration guys at airports get selected for being the most obnoxious a...holes they can find. I have seen a lot of instances of really bad behavior like berating tourists that don't speak English well for not filling out the forms perfectly right. I remember I wanted to visit a friend who was supposed to pick me up at SFO airport. I didn't know his address so I didn't fill the destination address field. The immigration guy just sent me back in line without listening to any explanation. Luckily one of the cleaners told me to fill in "Hilton, San Francisco"and I finally got through. I can't even imagine how somebody who has traveled less and speaks English not as well could handle the situation. It really gives the US a bad image. Let's hope the "gig economy" people will actually be able to get a safe cubicle job in a decade. To me it looks like this option is systematically being eroded. Pensions are gone and I think steady employment for good salary will slowly go away too. And the node.js hotshots who think there will always be high paying jobs for coders like them should have gone through 2000. The fall can be quick and deep. I believe the salary transparency requirement for CEOs was the best thing that ever happened to them. It's easy to negotiate a raise if you know what the other guy is making. This will be unpopular but I think all salaries should be made public. This would allow a lot of people to negotiate better salaries. I really admire a company like Atlassian that has real products, a real business and didn't take 100s of million dollars of investment without having any kind of plan to make money. There is way too much focus on "unicorns" that aren't real businesses but just an investment vehicle. I think Serial is perfect for an issue like this. Judging from the first season I believe they are making an honest effort to understand all sides of an issue. It won't give the ultimate, right answer but we need more of this kind of journalism instead of the cr.p we usually see in the media. They should compete by providing better conditions for ALL companies there not give subsidies to some well connected companies. Jefferson and Washington knew exactly that slavery was immoral. I think he is at a loss of words because the supposedly richest country has areas like this. That would be my first step for health reform: Require publication of prices and outcomes. Also: Don't allow charging of one price to one group of people (uninsured) and 25% of that price for another group (insurers). One price for all. Maybe allow for 10% discount but not the huge discounts insurers get. The human who drives a self driving car now should know what he's doing. These cars are prototypes now and whoever takes them to the road should be responsible. How old are you? The world wasn't really fundamentally different twenty years ago. Maybe try a hundred years. Have you been to industrial farming facilities? The only thing they are doing really well is to keep the animals alive as long as needed. They are a total nightmare without any regards to the well being of animals. I have trouble thinking about ways of treating them worse. I hope that with progress on synthetic meat this whole industry will go away. I don't eat meat but I am OK with people hunting animals for eating (not for "sports"). Same for cows living on a pasture until one day they get slaughtered. But industrial farming is just horrific. Before the wall came down, there was no graffiti in east Berlin. It was all gray in gray. Graffiti came only later. The communist states I have seen were very gray. Almost no colors. I think the article's point is to actually try to really understand the problem and not just jump in with a quick solution. May I ask what kind of businesses you have? I have tried this several times but never got to a point where the money really worked out. I always seem to pick the wrong niches. Or probably my selling sucks. I am not asking about specific details. I am just curious in what areas a small company/single person can make money on that scale. I don't know how a flat organization works in practice but to me it sounds like you end up with top management secure in their jobs and having their equity and everybody else has to constantly struggle to stay relevant. This may work for some people but most people prefer having some security in their position. The question is how much inequality. Some is probably good. I definitely think we don't need more. The rewards for startup investors and founders are already plenty. Isn't that the strategy these days? Extract as much value from a company and only then go public? I think it still matters. We have already reached a state where the top x% live in a totally different world than the rest of the population. If their worlds diverge even more it will be pretty hard to find any kind of political consensus. It's not about envy. It's about not getting one's fair share. It's hard to explain why corporate earnings soar, executive compensation rises but average salaries stagnate. It's basic fairness. Envy has a very negative connotation. You use the phrase "fair share of someone else's property". I am not talking about getting a share from someone else's property. I am talking about the elite deciding they should get a larger share of the gains the economy produces. When people in a company complain that their CEO makes more and more money while their salaries are cut it's not envy but it's a basic question of fairness. Nobody wants to take away from the CEO. They just want to have a fair share of the earnings of the company. The stuff they sell is quite good. I much prefer paying form something decent than getting crap for free. The USA for example? I am so tired of hearing "xxx is bad". It's always the same story: - It starts out as a good and useful idea for certain problems. - Then some people elevate it to the solve-it-all method and if you do anything else you are a bad person. Almost like a religion - After a while nobody remembers why this thing has been invented and people just do it because they have to without any understanding why I have seen this happen to: - OOP (works great for a lot use cases if used in moderation but not all) - Flat design - Scrum/agile - MVC - Javascript - Goto - Loops (everything has to be a closure) Right now functional programming is cool. Just wait until the people who have messed up OOP get onto the FP bandwagon. Clueless people will start doing FP and things will go to hell. In the end you need to know what you are doing and why. There is no magic methodology that will save you from that. I also don't find it very elegant but it's the first tool my team actually uses to create some kind of shared document repo. There are a few shortcomings MS could easily solve but like most tools these days they just fiddle with the UI without adding functionality. But overall I find it very useful. There are plenty of areas in the Us with high population density and they still don't have good infrastructure. They Us has just given up on planning for the future. Transportation infrastructure in Switzerland is actually quite difficult because you have huge mountains everywhere. Unless they are Formula 1 drivers from another country :-) I guess they could use the train tunnel as particle accelerator during downtimes :-) Defense is a pretty inefficient way to fund R&D. I don't know the numbers but the percentage of the defense budget that actually goes into R&D is probably pretty low. Somewhen in the last decades the decision has been made that the majority of gains should go to the top earners. An easy way for demand to rise would be if wages didn't stagnate but went up with productivity. The top earners won't spend more money if you give them more. And new products won't be bought if no one can afford them. I don't know how you could enforce this. But as I wrote before, as long as the elite keeps capturing all gains from productivity for themselves, demand will stay low. Maybe there are tax schemes that encourage paying higher wages but I don't know. I think we should strive to avoid 0.1x environments. I work in a cube farm and there are plenty of days when my neighbors are so loud that my productivity goes to 0.1x or less. When I work at home on Fridays I often get more than than during the 4 preceding workdays. Add to this constant meaningless meetings where everybody is late and unprepared. I often hear "I will work tonight or on the weekend so I get things done". I don't understand why everybody seems to accept that the workplace environment is bad and nothing can be done. I have raised this to senior management quite a few times but they just shrug their shoulders. Same here. I have worked on projects where we had a very good understanding of where we wanted to go and had autonomy to make the right decisions. We cranked out a product in 6 months the company is still living off 15 years later. That was with 3 people who could be rated as 10x for this project. And I have worked on projects where nobody knew where things should go but a lot of people had a say in what not to do. So we all ended performing at 0.1x. Everybody deciding their own layout won't work IMO.You can't just put up walls as you like. There need to be fire escapes and stuff. In my company senior employees seem to view offices as a reward not as a productivity tool. I am trying VirtualBox from time to time but so far VMWare wins every time. It's faster and has better hardware compatibility. Writing a good consistent API for things of a certain complexity and maintaining and extending it for a long time is an extremely difficult thing. I have been doing this for a few years now and it's humbling to see how something that looked really smart a while ago is causing you major headaches now. I have heard a lot of similar stories from credible people. Is there no department that people can complain to? It seems there is no interest in making sure that cops and prosecutors do a good job. You would think that somewhere up the chain people would be horrified by this lack of ethics. I guess this bad attitude trickles down from DC. I have the feeling we would have to bail out a lot of banks. I worked at a startup where we had a few people from MIT and Stanford. When investors came visiting they would be introduced "this is Mike from MIT" where other people who were at least as qualified as the ivy leaguers would get ignored. The VCs seemed impressed. They didn't even need a network. The name of the school was enough to stand out. Result is that the Stanford and MIT guys would often start their own VC funded companies. Elite institutions are a very powerful brand. And their reputation gets amplified in the media with headlines "Yale researchers discover...", "MIT develops..." Sorry, I am not familiar with what exactly ivy league is. I hope you will agree that they are the elite schools for tech. I think you are onto something but lowering student loan rates would probably just cause even higher tuition. How about incentives for companies to pay their employees better? I know it's sacrilegious to even think such a thing... I am not an economist but I am pretty sure you could design tax policies that make it more attractive to pay higher salaries for the average worker or maybe give them shares in the company. Can you imagine how much demand there would be if average wage growth would have kept up with productivity? People who make 30000/year would spend much more if they had 40000/year. I don't think a CEO's behavior will change much if he has 30 million or 40 million. Obviously this won't happen but it's a thought that should be brought up from time to time. "This may help raise demand for labor, but pay can never go higher than productivity, which usually requires capital investments." In the last decades pay for the average worker has not kept up with productivity. How would more demand reduce capital investment? If anything it should make it more attractive to invest. Supply and demand? I hope that there will be a major breakthrough in propulsion in the next 100 years. With current technology there are pretty hard limits to what can be done in space. I work with a lot of young guys who are stressing about their loans. You make a good point. What are they supposed to do? These days you absolutely need a college degree to have a chance in the workplace so you have to take the loans if you like it or not. No options besides having a rich dad. What I find fascinating that the most anti-government people (usually right wing) are usually for these deals and the more pro-government people (usually left wing) are against these deals. At least this is my observation. Scott Walker for example signed a stadium deal in Wisconsin and campaigns on small government. The first thing I'd do is to take away the tax exempt status of the NFL. That's great but it's not really something the student has much influence on I am immigrant and I like the idea too. Ted Cruz's call for a very high minimum salary for H-1Bs is also the only thing I will probably ever agree with him. Nobody takes about "taking from rich and giving to the poor". How about at least stopping giving more and more to the rich? Does the market still function as a market if everybody uses index funds or robo advisers? The market should reflect the opinions of participants about individual companies but with automated tools the market seems to get disconnected from economic reality. Opening a store is not exactly cheap. There are no VCs that will front you the money but you have to risk your own. The anarchist position is totally self defeating. We live in a complex society so some systems are needed. You can't do without a functioning justice system, functioning infrastructure, a financial system you can trust not to steal your money and other things. The market can't provide these things without some rules. I really wish people would start asking for government accountability instead of wanting to abolish things that don't work and thinking that there is some magic fairy that will jump in and make it work. Getting systems to work well is hard, never-ending work and there are no simple solutions. Most of us here build technology systems so we should know this first hand. I am just wondering if those opportunities would be more about exploiting weaknesses in other algorithms and less about identifying good companies. That's the same fantasy like extreme libertarianism. How do you build a power grid? How do you build national defense? How do conflicts get resolved? I have never heard a real answer to those questions. I see the same with new guys. When they need to calculate the intersection area between a few rectangles they spend hours looking on GitHub instead of writing 50 lines of code. And they have no idea how even a simple linked list implementation could look like. There seems to be something in the training that tells them it's not cool to implement things themselves, instead only libraries are OK. It's also a culture of no training. That's how it usually works out though. I always get in trouble with management when I try to anticipate things we will probably need in 6 months before making design decisions. A lot of people think that Scrum means not looking beyond the end of the next sprint. I like offices with 2 to 4 people. They don't even need to work on the same things. I have developed lots of good friendships with people in such environments. In open office I rarely talk to people because it's so loud. Sitting in an open office layout gives me a sense of disloyalty to my employer because it's just plain disrespectful to not see daylight the whole day and sit in a noisy and dull environment. I have worked with a purely remote company for a few years and I would have stayed with them forever if the business had actually worked out. Interestingly I collaborated and talked to my remote colleagues much more than I do now in the open office. Obviously, to each his own. Some people like the office and some people like remote. I think it's a bad idea. Stability is good. At least he lives somewhat in reality compared to the other guys. Rotation is fine. It just goes on my nerves when management rotates people randomly to "improve collaboration". I am not aware that the VPs switch offices a few times a year. Do you have an amazon link for one of those? I know quite a few humans in the business world that I think don't really have empathy but have learned to behave as if they had it. Rogan was way too nice with Armstrong IMO. If we didn't view people like Armstrong as role models there wouldn't be much of a problem. But as long as we tell children to view people like him as role models then they better behave ethically. Unless you want to raise a generation of psychopaths. Upper case names like MCIWNDM_SETTIMEFORMATA are constants. Once you work with it a little it makes complete sense. The keyword is "well-tested, heavily used library'. Especially in the web area I see a lot of imported libraries from github or wherever for doing simple things. In the end you end up with dozens of dependencies you don't know how and when to update. My rule of thumb is if the stuff we need can be reduced to a few functions, it's better to copy so you at least know which code you are using and don't have thousands of lines of code in you repo where you don't know if they are ever being used, Balance is good. Unfortunately ideologues have taken over software as they have taken over politics. The generations thing is the same nonsense as "liberal/conservative". It's a lazy way of trying to understand dynamics in society. Sikulix looks pretty good but it seems it takes screenshots with the OS. For us the tested device is a black box so we need a camera. Copying gives you stability. I work in a regulated environment so every change has to be scrutinized. Updating a library like jQuery is a big deal. If you use 10 libraries of decent size you will most likely rarely update them because it's too much work and risk. By isolating out parts you actually need you have a better chance of making updates with reasonable effort. Not saying this is for everybody but a lot of dependencies can be a killer. ah. One level of indirection. That can work. I know plenty of people who want to port everything to JavaScript. When you ask "Why?" they don't know. That's an ideology. I don't know about your situation for most people the salary increases of the last 30 or so years have gone to the "rich". Vacations also can bring interest in your work back. I used to do freelancing and take off at least 8 weeks a year. When I worked I was really interested in my work and put a lot of effort in. Now I work in a corporation with only 3 weeks vacation and it's just one big long never-ending drag of the same thing again and again. The quality and creativity has gone down a lot. I just don't care that much anymore. Kaiser Permanente in California has a website with all records. I went there to get a blood test and the results showed up on the web site over the next few days. I could check the values myself for abnormalities even before talking to a doctor which was very nice. I think Vancouver's problem is that they don't have a strong economy otherwise. Berlin and new York are bad but at least they offer well paying jobs. That's what I gathered from a coworker who used to live in Vancouver. Totally agree with that. The only way to get better pay for most people is to be a "leader" no matter you are suited for it or not. Especially in the US there seems to be this emphasis on leadership. There is not much respect for people who are doing a good job. Unfortunately all the money is in leadership. Servants get paid as little as possible. A citizen needs to have access to the law in order to behave lawfully. There needs to be free and easy access. A lawful society can't run in any other way. Maybe they say that. The pay is still with managers. I really hope commuting will go away. It's such a waste of life to sit in a car hours per day. We have some scripts in PHP and yes, PHP 7 is a big step forward. In some ways it's more advanced than C# in terms of language features. It's still ugly but you can do very interesting things with it. Regarding making sure people are working: In my sh.tty open office layout it's pretty much guaranteed that nothing of any complexity will get done. The only thing that can be measured is pure attendance. Traits, closures don't capture everything by reference Isn't that where we are heading generally? Working gets turned into a commodity and only the people with capital receive economic gains? Although leaving early creates an incentive for the company to abuse their workers before their shares vest. It's not inevitable but it would require some major changes in policy. Not sure if it's planned that way but concentrating property is one way for powerful to keep their power in the future. It's pretty safe to assume that in some decades you can have a robot that will be able to provide with your basic needs for free and live autonomously and not have to buy many things anymore. The way to get around this for the powerful is to own the land and intellectual property so people will have to pay rent (tribute?) forever. This sounds a little extreme but I honestly thinks it's where things are going without major changes. I would advise people not to lend money to friends and family. I have done it several times and every time it led to problems and a lot of pain. From my experience even that doesn't work. People will feel guilty about not paying and resent you even if you stay quiet. But they also won't pay. At least that's my experience with two members of family and one business partner. Yesterday during a design meeting somebody mentioned there are patents about uploading log files from a device we would be violating with a solution we had cooked up in 5 minutes. Totally insane. Unless somebody comes up with a simple idea for determining whether a patent is real innovation I think we should give up on patents or make them very short term like 2 years for software. It would require changes to a lot of business models but I think in the long run we would be better off. In the US they are more likely trying to evade the "credit card company tax". For a small business that has transactions in the single digit dollar range those are quite substantial. Yes. The prices of 1) and 2) are at historic highs though. Even if the interest rate is low you still have a lot of debt to pay off. Anybody who thinks he can take a centuries old document and claim that he knows its one and only meaning is just dishonest. That applies for the US constitution and most religious books. Maybe she is complaining too much but when I was in my twenties people actually were paid OK money even for "low-end" jobs (even startups offered better stock options compared to now). I think it's just disrespectful when a company pays its people starvation wages. I guess this is another side effect of inequality: Companies want their workers for free while spending insane amounts on offices, executives and buying other companies. Together with student loans, sky-high house prices and employers wanting them to work for almost free, I understand that people in their twenties are down on the system. Things have changed. In the 70s and 80s there was a spirit that things should become better for everybody. Then things changed and the motto was that the top people should take as much as they could get. Even during the dotcom bubble there was a sense that this would be good for everybody. Obviously that was nonsense in hindsight. But now people have totally given up on the idea that things should improve for all of us. If you somehow didn't luck into the right job it's your problem that you don't make money. Programmers watch out: Right now we are riding high but our day will come too when people will tell you "Who could be so stupid to learn coding.". I am talking about the 80s Somewhen in the 1990s and 2000s I noticed a trend that even companies with tons of VC money wanted to get labor for free. I started freelancing in the 90s and back then in general companies accepted that they had to pay some market rate. Then slowly a lot of them started lowballing like crazy. The latest trend seems to expect that job applicants spend hours, days or weeks working for them for free before being hired. That's what probation time is for. Unfortunately tech people are OK with being exploited. I don't see too many lawyers or MBAs working at minimum wage or working for free to "get exposure". Mundane looking stuff like this is probably the real challenge with long term missions like a Mars mission. Could you make any meaningful observations if you flew through a neighboring stellar system at that speed? Seems you could reach Proxima Centauri in between 10 and 20 years that way but you could not slow down. And once the condition is over they quickly revert back to being normal people where it's hard to imagine they could commit such atrocities. How about "think for yourself"? I notice that when you discuss something with a lot of partisan people they come to a pretty balanced view if the party leadership hasn't already staked out a position. But they will make a 180 turn as soon as soon as the official position is out and be totally opposed to the view they have developed previously. Totally agree. That's why I register as independent. I like the metaphor too but I don't think it's direct enough. The original seven habits had very direct advice "Sharpen the saw", "Being with the end in mind" so I think "Think for yourself" fits with the style. I wish they would still do duels. That would get rid of a lot of crazy people in politics. Trump would certainly be very busy... The problem is that they didn't develop their views by really thinking about the issues. They got some focus-group tested soundbite that sounds good to them but they don't really understand it. It's hard to discuss then. I think plenty of people are content with a secure job with OK pay, interesting work, enough vacation and be treated as adults with respect. They don't want ultimate satisfaction. That goal is very attainable. I have never heard people demanding a ping pong table. Same here. I wouldn't be surprised if Xamarin died slowly. I remember when I ran into this the first time with my C++ code. It took me quite a while to understand what's going on but it was a good learning experience. I don't do graphics anymore so not much floating point needed but I am still not sure how to do floating point comparisons in a stable and efficient way. Look at Winforms, WPF and Silverlight. They are all .Net and all abandoned. I wouldn't bet my long term future on Xamarin. Are there any built-in functions that do floating point comparisons with rounding? Calling abs many times seems incredibly inefficient. The E-cat definitely triggers all my bullshit detectors. Has there ever been a case where somebody had this fantastic invention but never let anybody take a close look but the invention was actually legitimate? The only one I can think of is the Wright brothers who didn't show their flyer for years until the patents were finished. None of these are good technologies if you want to stay up-to-date. You could also write your site in IE6 compatible HTML which was quite mature but that seems a really bad idea. I have been away from C++ for a while. Has there been any progress in making it easier to link different libraries together? In C# it's so nice that you can just reference another library and you are all done. When I used C++ last time this was always a huge ordeal. I meant compiling C++ code into a shared library like a DLL on Windows and be able to use the classes in that DLL from other code. The same way you can easily call C code in different libraries. Yes, that's it. Thank you! This is the one thing I really like about .NET. C++ would be so much more accessible to beginners if it was easier to integrate other libraries. Even integrating something as common as boost is quite hard with Visual Studio on Windows. Great idea! Salary increases will certainly not happen. Most likely the opposite. That's not my experience. My company transfers people to India to be point person with an outsourcing company. After a year they get a huge pay cut "because India is so cheap". I highly doubt any computer company will pay people in Kansas City more than in SF. Other industries or the government might but not high tech. Reading this makes me a little sad. I know the preprocessor can be misused but I really miss it in C#. A lot of highly repetitive code could be written much more elegant with a few well written macros. They don't. That may be by design. They could implement more IP laws for example, patent everything and extract fees that way. I also find this strange but it's common in the US. The families of crime victims often have a say. "Free market" people are very happy messing with people's freedom if it suits them. Just look at IP laws. The "free market" people were also very happy to get bailouts during the financial crisis in 2008. They wont as much state intervention as everyone else. I am often in the same position. There are only more or less bad options, no good ones. Even on Windows only it's hard to pick a good toolkit for apps that can run from Windows 7 to App Store. I haven't used it much but Qt seems to the best option at the moment. A lot of people in law enforcement, prisons, CIA and defense industry probably also did a cost-benefit analysis and found that prohibition is a very effective way to keep their jobs. And in the interview you need to reverse a binary tree. Obviously you can't take his book as your only source of truth but it provides a lot of insight into how the Nazi system worked. I found especially the parts about Hitler very interesting. I am a little worried that they will get blown away by a competitor who is not as nice to people and can be cheaper that way. For a while the lack of wages could be compensated with cheap consumer credits. I guess that's maxed out too. I strongly believe that forcing wages up (within reason) would increase economic output. We certainly don't need to push more money to the top people like most republican candidates want to do. The money would "trickle up" because people would actually buy things and entrepreneurs could take advantage of that purchasing power. These loans are later often forgiven. We do the same. A monolith gets copied to all stations which then run different parts of it. That way they all have the same infrastructure code available. For years we have been told that the increase in CEO pay is linked to performance. That means they get a lot of credit when things go well and should take the blame when things don't go well. That's really hard to believe that there is not a national program for this. I wonder why nobody seems to care. And they created a product that is useful and fun to use. Amazon works quite well but from whatever I hear their work environment is not much fun. A profitable company can be a bad workplace. At least for the lower ranks. How is the pay at Zappos? How do you ever get promoted and/or get a raise? My cynical self suspects that this is the dream of company owners. The owner himself is safe in his position and the little guys have to constantly fight for relevance until they have been used up. It seems it's probably a good workplace to start your career but I doubt it works for a long career. It's interesting that one of the big role models in tech, Steve Jobs, was a total dictator. Exactly the opposite of holocracy. There is deep brain stimulation that plants electrodes deep into the brain to create a field there. The results are pretty reproducible: Turn on stimulation, Parkinson patient can walk, turn it off, he can't walk. That at least is evidence that the brain responds to electrical fields. Realistically I'd say double or triple your expense estimate. You are low-balling yourself. Everything takes much longer and costs more than you expect. Maybe the case has merit or not but I am really tired of just imposing fines. We have reached a point where big companies and banks can do whatever they want and the worst thing that can happen is to pay a small portion of their earnings. Basically they are outside the law. It's a law. A lot of laws are old and don't apply to the present anymore but the little guy still has to obey them. They can lobby for a law change but it's not acceptable that people/entities with lots of money can decide which laws they obey and which not. If the law is stupid then congress should cancel (delete?) it. Don't allow big guys avoid them but the little guy with no lawyers on retainer has to follow then. My point is that the little guy gets destroyed in the same situation whereas the big guy gets way with it. A while ago I did some reading about lawsuits against pharmaceutical companies that promoted unapproved uses of their drugs. There is a very good book about epo. According to that reading the main reason is they get small fines is that the government doesn't have the budget to go after big companies. They simply can't afford it and take what they can get. As long as the weather doesn't change, SF will be fine. I can only speak as an immigrant to the Us. The US has a culture of pill popping. Doctors are much more likely to give you strong painkillers than German doctors so the drug use is higher. I don't think it has to do with drug laws. It annoys me often in articles that they switch between units in the same sentence. I often read things like "Less than 40% of people did this but an amazing two fifths of participants did that". Most people have no idea how to compare the two. I bet a lot of people don't know whether a 1000 milliseconds is more or less than eight seconds. I am getting a little tired of the "F-35 is bad" headlines. There should be more context that tells us how common such problems are in general. I remember listening to a podcast where they said that SR-71 pilots had to restart their engine every so often. Same for the Concorde. Sounds really bad but neither of these problems hurt the airplanes' usability and were not really a problem. I firmly believe that military procurement is a mess but the discussion reminds me of the political discussion where Republicans jump on anything that goes wrong under Democrats and vice versa. The current political climate won't probably allow this but I would like to see an effort to outlaw this kind of weapons internationally like biological and chemical weapons got banned. I would add landmines to that list too. War should be hard and have a cost. If a country can wage war on the cheap we'll have a scary world. I totally agree that the F-35 project is a mess. But I would like to see a real analysis of the problems and not just jumping on any problem that sounds bad on the surface. Maybe a hard reboot is a problem, maybe not. I don't know. I had that happen with Infosys. They do exactly what you tell them to do, good, bad or stupid. You never get feedback that something doesn't make sense. So in the end you look stupid to your managers because you didn't write a good spec. Now I avoid dealing with outsourcers as much as possible unless I have 100% understanding of the issue and can describe it precisely. My experience is with Infosys. They definitely stream information from architect->tech lead->coder one-way. There is no channel back if something doesn't make sense. Pigs are not used to the conditions they have to live under in factory farms. Their life is pure hell from birth to death. It's not like dogs who have evolved to live with humans and are generally treated well. Just wait until they start selling your behavioral data for background checks, health insurance and credit ratings. Suddenly you are shut out of things and you don't even know why. When I was freelancing there were a lot of days when I didn't do much but then there were days when I got into the flow and worked 2 or 3 days almost straight. Most of the time this ended up at around 40 hours/ week on average but in spurts. This was probably the best work environment I have ever been in. I hate about the corporate workplace that it doesn't accept any kind of rhythm but treats you like a machine that performs exactly the same at all times. Nature is built around seasons and so are humans. They are not machines. I would much prefer to have a time sheet where I can do my 40 hours whenever I feel like it. Do you do this every day? I also used to go 12 hours straight but then there were days I would take off and not do anything. I am not capable of going 12 hours hard every day. I get into discussions like this all the time. With a little thinking ahead you can avoid getting yourself caught in a difficult situation later on. It doesn't mean you should implement the optimization but at least you should allow for it. That could mean a simple API wrapper that can later on be optimized or to do an analysis what would happen if the traffic increased 10x. Unfortunately looking further than the end of the next sprint is disallowed in a lot of people's minds. It's pretty sad that a lot of software "engineers" actively avoid any kind of engineering. I am not talking about actually producing code for "someday" features. I am talking about working towards a goal. Most projects know pretty well where they will be in one or two years (not everyone is Instagram who goes from 0-100 in a year). Based on that knowledge you can make reasonable decisions and trade-offs now. However, I admire your ability to write code without any forethought now that can be used perfectly in whatever form it will be needed later. Unleaded fuel has saved many lives and probably prevents a lot of crime. There are plenty of studies that show a correlation between lead and crime rates. You could also add shy people, nonathletic people, ugly people, disabled people and other groups to that list. "We aren't talking about making decisions" I was talking about decisions and not writing code and was pretty clear about that. On the other hand if you don't have plenty of money as a man of certain age you are pretty much toast too. The good thing is that there are plenty of men whom would date a woman their age and plenty of women that would date a guy who isn't rich. They are just not as vocal and live their lives quietly. You know the meaning of "simple", angry man? A lot of people are probably not into this because it won't help with their individual survival. I don't think many people care about the survival of the human species if they themselves are left out. Is Qt still a good platform for new desktop apps? I often have to choose a framework for new line of business apps on Windows. The choice usually is WPF but I'd prefer Qt. Last time I looked into it it looked a really well thought out framework. And I am one of the weird people who prefer C++ over C#. My only concern is availability of 3rd part components like data grids, reporting and other widgets. There are many of them for WPF but I am not sure they exist for Qt. Can Qt interact with .NET components? We have a mix of PHP and C# code (don't ask why). I'd love to have PHP just as another .NET language to make interop easier. Does anybody have real-world experience with large(ish) projects with Phalanger? I have never heard of employees having any kind of control over the company. I wish the reason was that PHP exels at this task :-) Nothing personal but I am sure you understand that we would be pretty nervous about making such a move. There are so many little weird behaviors in PHP that need to be replicated. We have thousands of files and running them would take weeks or months to verify that they still work. Definitely a very risky move.