Many colleges/universities existed before the Gutenburg printing press (see Oxford, Cambridge,University of Paris). Was there speculation at that time about how the book (the next big thing in information distribution) was going to put them out of business? When I first started coding, both reading it and writing it, I found that a lot of people wrote code in an unnecessarily complex way. Then I would decide to code it in the much simpler way I saw in my head. As I coded along, trying to add the features I needed, I would see a way to be even more flexible for only a little cost. Frequently I would go back and look at the "ridiculously complex" code, only to find that our implementations were similar after all. My understanding of the problem was much more sophisticated tho. This happened frequently, but in retrospect, as I practiced this more, I found that I was discovering the similarities between my solution and the already existing code much sooner. Eventually I learned to trust the other developers, that they had a more sophisticated understanding of the problem than I did. I also learned about refactoring and how that affects code shape (going through a similar process to that mentioned above). Other times when I find reading the code to be a problem, it is due to "future flexibility". Sometimes this is needed, others it is a waste. One thing to keep in mind tho, is that the "future" represented in the code may have already passed. I have some code I am frequently accused of "prematurely future-proofing", however in reality the changes the code was handled to design are now mostly incorporated. At the time the future-proofing was done however, life was hectic and "must do" changes were coming down the pipe daily and the flexibility paid off. Finally, there is the option that its crap code. I and most others have written plenty of that too. One thing that helps me in that case is to stop trying to figure out the code as a whole. Instead I refactor it as I go, since well factored code can lead to a big decrease in cognitive load. Best luck. Wait, you're actually saying that: 1. Someone still makes non-standard cd-roms? 2. Someone else still buys them? After learning you are person #2, why would anyone ever trust any other judgement you make? Speaking of strawmen... Please tell me which desktop you mean. Do you mean the home desktop? Or perhaps the administrative assistant desktop that needs access to the calendar, word, and email, (maybe the web too...). Perhaps you mean the desktops of the engineers, using autocad and a pile of specialized tools. And so on. Each of the above has different needs (perhaps even vastly different). A smart consultant/company/etc would go ahead and stop trying to use the same tool for every job. Some of those environments could probably switch to linux, and after a couple of months of "getting used to it time" everything would continue on as if nothing happened. The point is that "the desktop" has always struck me as a strawman to begin with. 1)Korea 2) I have yet to meet a cd-rom in this century that didn't just work with linux, no matter what it declared. After naming an asian company, then stating some vaguely related nonsense about talking inanimate objects, I will now imply there is some sort of link to your sex life: you are impotent. Despite your pretense of cleverness, I did in fact see what you did there. You pretended that my ad-hominem attack, which trivializes his judgement based on my disbelief of the existence and his subsequent buying of some obscure hardware invalidates his sweeping generalization about an entire industry (an argument silly on its own since driver problems are a universal issue), is somehow the same type of ad-hominem attack as stating random unrelated facts and listing the implications of poor reasoning, reductio-ad-absurdum. Well sir, you are wrong, my blatantly ad-hominem attack (which is pretty absurd in itself) is not the same as your poor attempt at using a witty question to counter it. Edit: the above run-on sentence is intentionally confusing and absurd. Im too young to know firsthand, but I recall during the .com boom here in the states one of the problems was that anyone who knew how to spell html could get a programming job. It was a hot field and people seeking the "big money" were getting programming jobs they didn't deserve. On the university side I knew several people who switched majors to business when they learned that coding involved typing (no joke). Perhaps the same is going on in India right now? From all accounts, programming is the hot job in India. I bet if someone put together a good summary of the "brilliant" people in a field, and had them talk about the level of talent when that field is the hot job, it would look the same as these coder stories. I think this article makes some good points. In fact there are times when I've been very frustrated at the "We can't to better than RDBMS" attitude many times. Particularly that time we were storing a tree in a table. Specialized data stores are very neat. I do however think there will always be a good place for the traditional RDBMS. For instance, there are times when I'm creating that I don't know what the layout of the data will need to be, and where the optimizations will be most needed, so I back an app with Postgres. Should I need to expand later, it will be easier as I have actual data to work with. I guess the point I'm trying to make is: unless you know for sure that your data will benefit from a different model (e.g. known performance needs, or a better conceptual mapping), not using an RDBMS seems like a premature optimizaton. Just because the frog in the pot turns out to be not literally true, it certainly demonstrates a point in a nice, succinct manner. Im sure everyone knows by know the frog will jump out in real life. Do you teach your children to ignore "its not easy being green" since no frogs can actually play guitar or sing? Or do you let them take the metaphorical meaning anyway? Can you please go over the cases when you would choose one over the other (BSD vs Linux that is). Even some bullet points would help. I've never found anything that didn't delve into a flamewar, and I have always been curious about such choices. I know many of my better ideas have been done over a weekend or afterhours for a week. The thing is that when its not a "complete project" these things are very easy to bang out. It's the next 6 months where the polish gets added. (side rant: and over those 6 months the frontend guys get all the oohs, ahhs, and credit, despite your having done the core work). I've been thinking about this a lot lately. It seems that hardware may be the New Way (tm). There exist some pretty exciting technologies for cheap, namely FPGA boards and SOC (system on a chip... and/or nano-itx). These make a very large portion of hardware design much simpler. We can suddenly apply software rapid development techniques to board design with the FPGAs. Further the SOC makes much functionality within a product just software development. Further, there are many exciting "hobby kits" which make gadgets very creatable and testable, since they allow for easy plug-and-play hardware creation. This sort of thing makes prototyping very very easy, and the rest can be outsourced pretty well. Sure there are complications that I know nothing of, but I think there is an abundance of supply chain for a lot of projects, making small hardware companies totally possible. A slightly different perspective on the above: I beleive there exists at least one market that can be exploited by putting together existing big components in fun new ways. I really enjoy looking at other people's code. I also enjoy them working on mine. I tend to approach the situation as "I can make it better". Sometimes I'm just blown away by what is there. Most of the time however fresh eyes are good, and I can refactor it prettier, or add edge case handling or whatnot. I also find maintaining my own code boring. In my head, I've already done all the interesting bits. Letting someone else work on it, then bring it back to me makes it interesting again, because it turns on all sorts of new ideas based on what the other person discovered (and I missed). In general the best code I've ever been part of has included passing code around the group. Ownership of modules was shared by at least 2 people, and everyone had input on it. Unfortunately this gets ruined frequently by the type of dev that thinks my changes to his code are an insult ("it was working just fine before, now its all weird, I don't know what you did" where before means before the spec changed). That feeling of not wanting to stop, while responsible for most of my noteworthy accomplishments, scares a lot of people. I have had several people who have tried to "fix" me because they decided that me being up most of hte night finishing something was unhealthy. They never seem to understand the idea of ramp up time, nor do they seem to understand the fickle mistress inspiration. There was one guy, a kind of mentor to me, who tried to tell me it was a moral imperitive to get up early and get to work, to show the bosses I cared. For some reason staying late didn't show the same thing, particularly if i took advantage of the flex time and showed up around noon. Fortunately this guy was not my boss, and instead I get to be productive in the way that fits me best. Fortunately this guy broke off the mentorship after I got promoted in spite of my "terrible scheduling habits". I worked in a place where devs were also top-tier tech support. This worked well, as we got to figure out what the problems were, got to help teach our users the capabilities of the system, and got to look cool when we fixed a problem in 2 minutes. This was for an in-house network appliance, so our users were pretty technical anyway, which definately helped. What did not help tho, was when the help desk got lazy and started directing tickets to us which had no place in our laps. Then it all went down hill. In short, its balancing act. Well, are you also including the fact that there is nothing forbidding repeated words? You sir are right. I should of course trust the officials and you as to wether or not I should know something. Those people didn't get to be official without obviously having the utmost concern for my well-being, and without wanting me to be fully informed of the important stuff. Who do I think I am, wanting to know something that someone else deems improper for me to know? I used aquasocks as my footwear for a long bike ride (70 miles each day for several days), and they were great, breathable like flops, but not nearly so many collision issues with panniers. :) I dont know about running, but I do know about barefoot. I have always been a "no-shoes" kinda guy. The less I deal with them the happier I am. Seriously, if it is a cold spring my friends will avoid me till the weather warms up. Unfortunately I live in Illinois, and we have those times of year where frostbite is the natural result of barefoot. So every winter I put on shoes :(. This causes me to revert to heel walking (a natural result of shoes). Once the shoes come off it takes about 2 days to get back into midfoot walking. This seems to me to feel more natural, and my feet just sort of do it. I presume this will be similar for you, maybe not quite as fast, but I am certain your body will have walking instincts for barefoot styles. HTH I'd also reccomend wearing flops as much as possible for your walking around shoes. Midfoot strike is not just a running thing, it's also a walking thing. Flops help this. Barefoot is better, but glass is a bitch. So here is my general thinking on this contest, with an eye on computational efficiency: 1. SHA-1 is done in 64 byte chunks, with the result of one chunk being the base of the next. Padding and length only factor in at the last chunk. This means you can half the number of computations (or even 1/3 it...) by computing the first block of a "prefix string" then going from there. 2. Cuda is good on integer ops. SHA-1 is integer ops. 3. All the combinations of Not saying anything the article says was wrong per-say Im saying that large amounts of computation can be factored out from the naive approach, large enough to be meaningful that is. Actually, if anyone has a good cuda card and wants to team up on the code writing email me: sophacles@gmail.com. We an use different random seeds when it comes time to running the stuff or whatever... I just think it would be fun! A simple criterion would be "capable of calculating the most results", which can be objective and meets some definitions of "best algorithm". I thought that shared mem of 16kb was on a per core basis? It's very possible I misunderstood, in which case: crap! Either way the, the algorithm I have in mind looks pretty matrixy, if you want I can keep you updated as I test things out. True. However I do not have copies of code I wrote in the past, but I can probably bang out all the interesting parts in a matter of a few days, from memory. It's not that I am that super of a coder or anything, it's that the interesting parts took a lot of thinking, therefore remembering. I think that's why it was 'steal' instead of steal. Right. I think the point is that someone wants me to work for them based on what I did for a competitor. This whole code stealing thing is silly when its really my ability to help them steal the ideas that matters. They already have the knowledge by getting me, code is pretty irrelevant. Of course the technical stealing is easier to prove with the code... I don't need to be a chef to know someone's cooking sucks. I don't need to a writer to know hack writing. Why does this guy need to be a programmer to know crappy webapps? Further why does his marketing mean that he can't have observed and lived the "do what you love and the rest will follow" message he presents? I call bs. Sure, the chef needs to go listen to other chefs about cooking, technique, ingredients, whatever. But I bet that same chef can go to non-chefs about things like book keeping, marketing, what customers want, etc. Further, plenty of restaurant owners, restaurant workers, restaurant enthusiasts and/or people who eat can totally get up in front of a chef and say: hey stop making crappy food no one wants it. Or even "this food that you are all making used to be trendy and clever, but now that everyone is doing it, its just sucky and boring. Here is something cool instead". Bringing the analogy back around, it is pretty arrogant for developers to think that the only person that can speak about the end product is another developer. Sure, I wouldn't listen to a marketer about what framework to use, but I sure would when it comes to declaring aggregators old-hat and sucky. Can someone explain to me why this comment was modded to -1? I mostly agree with you, but I have one serious doubt remaining. If the company in question was so broke, how could they hire a new contractor instead of just paying the current one? That action leaves a bad taste in my mouth, I think perhaps the original developer had good reason to want more than just the money they owed him for his contract work. It looks to me like there were lies involved, at least somewhat. So, the book Omnivore's Dilemma asks a question which I'm not sure is sufficiently answered by this study, but may be answered elsewhere (and I just don't know): Is it correct to treat food as a commodity. For example (ripping straight from the book here) is a carrot grown in Michigan the same as a carrot grown in Florida? There is a base assumption that we can treat the foodstuffs as commodities, but if this is not true, we cannot believe this study. If the organic is grown in already marginal land, while the "standard" food is grown somewhere fertile, is it possible to get these results, or possibly results indicating organic food is less healthful? I find this to be sadly true. I work for a university, writing software for research groups. I only have a Bachelor's degree, and many of the people I work with are working toward's ph.d.s or already have them and are doing post-docs. What they don't have is practical programming knowledge. I spent 3 hours yesterday convincing a group of grad students that the just because the library we are working with claims to be standards compliant does not mean that it is. I even wrote code to demonstrate how the library was broken and the simple steps to work around it. The other group members refused to believe the real life results, because the documentation and some ph.d. (who wrote the docs) said otherwise. The worst part of this is: it is not even a core bit of the research, it should be simple to say: hey this 3rd party thing is broken, but when we do foo, we get the behavior we want. I firmly believe every CS degree should include a practical component such as internships, or a demonstration of skills by working on OSS or similar. This would not only help cement the theory, but also help with practical issues like making code maintainable. Most current curriculums use throwaway homework assignments, encouraging and reinforcing ugly code. Woah! My birthday is at the end of august, and for the first time ever I know what I want and it's only July. I have a similar, but slightly different problem. While I know that CS and programming in general can be translated into useful math knowledge, I always mistrust my math. I suspect that i don't understand the math correctly because I understand it, if that makes any sense. The weird terminologies and reputation for being way hard always erode my confidence in my understanding. I know nothing of abstract algebra. In fact I don't even know what it is :). I do however view mathematicians in the same way I see the programming languages crowd: they like to play with these ideas and extend them for their own sake. The solve these puzzles and show that this principle is true, or that group of formulae can be generalized like so. It's up to the rest of us to notice when a particular problem fits some solution they have provided. Another part of this is: math is like alpha, and computer programming is blub, at least according to the math guys. According to Apple and AT&T , jail-breaking supports terrorists, or some such crap. woah, talk about alliteration, I wasn't even trying! One thing this guy doesn't mention, that I would think relevant to the discussion: Every language currently used by more than 4 people has a notion of FFI via C. This is nice as it allows for the old "profile it and write the slow bits in C" type programming. I particularly like that style of programming, because in the end, you only need to do C style intensity for a small bit of code. Over time, the number of these small, but useful bits accumulates, and the result is a decent, bottom up style library, without the pain of having started in C. (It also helps avoid the cruft...). He's not saying don't do anything. To use your metaphor, he's saying: Don't put a bandaid on it and claim you saved the man's life. Moving towards personal sustainability is OK, but there is no use pretending it is a major fix. It is more of a start, a way to get people thinking about the world they live in. After that the real work must be done, and not just harm reduction, but actively fixing the things we've broke. In fact the article points out one thing that struck me as particularly insightful: Current environmental thinking suggests we can only live in such a way as to harm our environment. This suggestion is way too convenient, as it reminds us all that we are sinners (environmentally). I think that maybe this sort of thinking is what bothers people about environmental types: it feels like religion, not any sort of fact based solution. Not according to the book mentioned, they are actual portable electric fences designed to be very light and trivially easy to set up. And... if you don't need lots of communication between nodes, I'd guess EC2 probably is the best way to go in terms of $/computation too. I write open source software for fun. No other reason. Your ability to use my software for stuff is a side benefit for you of this. Writing documentation is not fun. I don't want to fill my fun time with not fun activity. I will however take money for writing documentation (quality not guaranteed). In this case, I'm fairly certain your last sentence gets to the heart of the issue. The biggest motive of most people writing OSS stuff is: Fun. Documenting is un-fun. Since there is 0 obligation on the author's part and any benefit gained by others is a side-effect, documents won't get written, particularly to appease people who come in an demand better docs without offering any compensation. Good point. I wonder at what % utilization a cluster beats EC2 in terms of $/computation. Actually I'm sure there are all sorts of variables, and it becomes an optimization problem, but I think it would be cool to see an analysis of this in terms of $, computation power (time/jobsize or something), etc. The best index writers can't match a decent full text search. For that reason I fully support google book search -- It's easier to re-find information I already read. I have read books on google books, and then didn't buy them, but I wouldn't have bought the book anyway, particularly technical books. At least this way I may recommend your book to someone. You make a good point, however: 1. I have had many people become angry with my stance on documentation for MY projects (written with the above contraints, for fun, for me, if you want to use it: cool not my goal tho). That sort of entitlement ruins it for everyone. 2. It is still done for free, if you don't like the results offer compensation for your choice of improvement. If the work is all volunteer, some stuff that isn't fun won't be done. (debugging is more fun than documenting, since the former is required for something to work right). This is why most non-profits also include someone who is either paid or otherwise rewarded for doing the crap work. Strange -- I always just sort of assumed that since they are making big clusters, they could spend the extra $$ for a good multicast switch, and that MPI did ip multicast. (a quick googling shows me to be wrong...). Ugh, after reading that article I have that same feeling as when I accidentally stop the remote on fox news. This one time I had to work at a place where a postgresql install was not only the main datastore, it was also the main system message bus by abusing notifies. Further the enterprise message bus was a homebrew thing that was written to both pass messages and do RPC, oh and be the main way to monitor if a remote site was up or not. I think both of those count as well. For those who are curious: given these were linux systems, d-bus was the right answer for the former, and something like RabbitMQ or OpenAMQP, or even JMS solutions would be the proper answer to the latter. Oh man, I wish I had this at my last job half the team had over 50% of these symptoms, one guy had 90%. They believed, and had somehow convinced management, that they were great programmers! Some awesome practical examples from those guys below: Overheard statement "You know when I was in college I learned C. I just can't get the hang of these objects, so I try to avoid them". The guy who said this is now 34, and has programmed python for 4 years. A guy who would copy and paste 100 line blocks of code, and then occasionally thing "oh yeah, i need functions", and then finish out the current function by passing 12 parameters of state to current_function_2(). If you combined the func, func_2 and factored out the 100 line blocks it would be reverted with a commit: "stop making this so complicated". There was one guy who insisted that using templates was only for web frameworks, to use them to write system/config files (done frequently due to 3rd party daemon limitations) was an abuse of the templating system, and we should just use inline prints. The program was to be called with prog > /etc/conffile. One guy who decided that threads were so tricky, that he was the arbiter of thier use. My idea of a job queue and worker threads was "too abstract and hard to debug", so we stuck with the "tried and true" one thread per job method, all spawned at once. I could go on, but you're all prolly bored now :) tl;dr: i worked with the guys the article was written about Good question! The postgres solution was unexcusable, it was always used side-by-side with dbus. The other was around before any affordable[1] enterprise message busses existed, however as that changed the buggy solutions was still touted as "amazing new tech that keeps us ahead ofthe competion. No we can't switch to something else". [1] Affordable being defined as: this particular company could pay for it without going out of business. I have done this too, particularly in small projects. One thing I try to do in these situations is imagine what functions would be useful should I extend the program later. Anther trick is to imagine a different pardigm, i.e. coding it up as a state machine. What I gathered from the original article however, is a focus on those guys who will decompose long_function(params) into short_func1(params), the last line of which is return short_func2(params, 12 state params); . For starters howabout: 1. you read the bad list and thought "oh crap!" 2. the oh crap is no longer a problem for you, but remembering the code with that problem makes you wince. Cool link, cool vid -- Im so glad this wasnt some javascript thing taking the metaphor too far :). Seems like a waste of metal tho -- anyone know why this would be done? (other than to show off 1337 cnc skillz?) Thanks for the info. Why is machining stronger than casting? it seems to me that to make a billet you'd need to cast that first... As a related question: Is one method more energy efficient than the other? It's always nice to see someone do an honest self assessment, and then own up to it, even the negative parts. My current office-mate is like this, he sucks at coding, but is very broadly knowledgable in tech stuff, and very good at bringing ideas together, and getting broad strokes of what needs to be done fleshed out. I'm sure a lot of places will hire someone like this, but the job title is usually Architect or similar. As a tangent, if I was him, I would fess up to this at interview time -- any employer who doesn't want good self assessment from employees doesn't deserve someone like this. Thats not the only part. Near the beginning about 4 groups of women, and the ones who exercized a lot did not lose a significant amount of weight over those who did not exercise beyond normal. The heavy work out group did however report eating more calories. Then there are 2 or 3 pages about low intensity workouts being good because they stimulate calorie burn without stimulating hunger (with a tangent on brown fat in rats). In fact there are several examples in the article about compensatory eating, such as the women who would get muffins after jogging, canceling any extra calorie burn. My friends and I call that jabber :-P I also do this naturally. I call it "reading a movie" and it works best for: fiction, computer stuff, and to a lesser extend where I already have some knowledge. It also works when I'm not tired. When I start 'reading words' (your wife's inner narrator), I have to give up and stop for a while. When reading new and difficult stuff I'll usually read each chunk[1] twice, once for the words and once for the picture. This seems to be the best. I do notice that I have an above average reading retention in my peer group, but at a conceptual level. I am absolutely terrible at quoting, since the ideas are transferred, not words. Does the your experience match mine? [1] The groupings can be a couple sentences or a couple of paragraphs per chunk, depending on how unfamiliar I am with the topic. Well stated-- thanks. Quoting the article: "Fluent interfaces Now that's an interesting recommendation since it contradicts directly Stephan's suggestion of not using setters, because make no mistakes: fluent interfaces are setters in disguise. So, Stephan, which one is it? :-)" Functions are just goto in desguise. switch/case is just an if/elif/else in diguise. Objects are just structs with some fancy function calling semantics. So which one will you use? Fluent interfaces may just be setters in disguise, but they add quite a bit of value. I can do plenty of physical activity and labor without going to a store (an activity that I very much dislike, with the exception of the grocery at 3am when I'm the only customer). The point is I can now choose how to do my physical activity. Better gaming model: design a cargo box for the tunnel with web cams and laser turrets (or some other form of rat killing small arms). Working title: ratpocalypse, until something cooler is suggested. Dvorak has a reputation for publishing these screw-ups. It has been going on for years. The guy is the shock jock of tech columnists, or maybe a Bill O'Reilly, or at least that has been his reputation for a long time. This sort of history, going back years, should be taken into account when people judge the most recent actions. This is just common sense. Your personal ignorance does not mean you are correct to chide those who do know of Dvorak and his history. No, it's ok to call them incompetent. However it is ok to call self-admitted trolls jackasses, so you're safe :-P The python code mentioned is still susceptible to timing attacks. Not on the same scale as a bytewise, return on first inequality algorithms, but it's there. The return statement will take longer when the result value is 0, because then it will compare 2 lengths of strings. This could be enough to distinguish between correct and incorrect compares. Since the usage of zip in that case will only compare the shorter of the strings to the start of the longer string, you can still achieve the timing attack, since the only inconsistency happens on the final comparison. A better solution would be to check for length equality before doing the zip, or to pad the shorter of the strings compared to the length of the longer. Maybe also to just make the return statement: return (len(a) == len(b)) and (result == 0) which may be sufficient. Cool, I didn't know that would work in python in this case (testing shows it does). Thanks :) y/w. This actually brings up an deeper problem too: the vast majority of the timing attacks exist because of little algorithmic optimizations, such as return on first inequality. In most cases such a comparison is desirable, as it is on average 50% faster (depending on specific data characteristics). We as computer people do these sorts of things as second nature, because we have been taught that efficient algorithms are always best. In cases like these, even when I know that there is a major problem being fixed, I cringe at the inefficiencies. It seems also to be a cause of other types of security hole, e.g. "why should I check this data, it should have already been checked, If I do it here, it's a bad redundancy". Anyway, rambling thoughts aside: thanks for the article. Not really, if this attack is doable over the internet, which will have latencies randomly[1] distributed (in a normal curve), rand does not actually do anything, well maybe require a few more sample points to get that noise out. Heres one: http://crypto.stanford.edu/~dabo/papers/ssl-timing.pdf which is rumored to have been used a couple of times "in the wild". (edited to have the link i meant). this is pretty cool. If only xkeys would put out drivers for osx and/or linux to program their matrix boards :(. This has bitten me a few times. CS type journals should totally start requiring source, or at least links to it. I have more than once gotten the source used for a paper, only to find the claims of the authors were nothing like what the source actually did. Worse is that frequently there are leaps of "oh it will work like this" in the papers, which are show to be wrong by the code! Yes, used properly. He's showing ways that information can be misrepresented when using colorscales IMproperly. Also he's showing that there is no such thing as "the one true colorscale". If this product can replace roofing boards (usually plywood), would that mean no more need for shingles either? A close join with good caulking seems to me a reasonable roofing material. Other similar uses seem to exist in places where plywood is traditionally used but rots away relatively quikly. Could this also be used in lieu of pressboard for cheap furnishings? My big question tho is how much energy does this process use? Is it energy efficient enough to offset the wood/glue/manufacturing of plywood stuff? Except when we get our real job we will get the same starting pay you got. That's without adjusting for inflation. Seriously, My best offer out of college was for a programming job paying what my father was offered for an entry level sales job in 1979. However, we are paying 2000's prices on our college education. We'll be lucky if we get to have the inflation adjusted equivelent of 500K in retirement to lose. Fair enough, shingles + tarpaper (or polymer) seem to work as a pretty good waterproof layer, supported by plywood. I guess it seems to me that the polymer/tarpaper layer is more for keeping moisture away from the wood than keeping water out. The shingles seem to be for water.... so if the support layer doesnt need the protection, and instead offers an impervious barrier, why not use this plastic sheet in an overlapping manner (think roof slats for lincoln logs). It essentially becomes shingles + board all rolled up into one. Edit: it also seems that metal roofing does not follow the same set of constraings that shingle roofs do, which suggests to me that this plastic roofing could be very viable. From the article: "... around 50 micrograms (billionths of a kilogram)". Oh NPR -- I thought you were better than that :( Edit: njm below is correct, i misread that as "billionths of a gram)". I rescind my above frowny face and apply it to myself :( Hopefully this will lead to a better metric for digital cameras... like the: Low-light ISO eQuivelency Rating (LIQR), in which a higher number means it takes better pictures at parties, the pub, etc. :) In seriousness, this is cool it's about time a digital camera manufacturer realized that I don't want to be a lighting expert when taking snapshots. No, i missed the that they were talking about kilograms not grams. Once again my "no posting on the internet before coffee" rule shows its wisdom... and me my foolishness for ignoring it. Good spot. Funny I call all scientists who did important work by thier first name. I don't know why I do this, but I frequently refer to Dick (feynman) or Enrico, or Bertrand. Actually, if I were to hazard a guess, I would say it is to confuse a certain type of person, namely those that have very rigid thinking (a little lateral stretch is good for you once in a while). Perhaps I should make an exception for Galilleo and start calling him Galillei. :) Gah, this piece is fluff. I don't have a pile of poems memorized, I'll admit that. I don't have phone numbers memorized either. What I do have tho, is a very broad knowledge. I know enough about a lot of things to effectively search, and i can retain lots of stuff, I just don't do the details. Does this mean I am not as capable of coming up with something new, or that Im not as capable of coming up with something new in the same old ways? Because I have access to top-shelf knowledge of many fields, I can put ideas together that would have remained separate for lifetimes in previous generations, or is this synthesis different from some "one true creativity"? Another angle: How many of the tags you use to idendify yourself are actually group membership tags... e.g. pythonista, founder, etc.? How many of the activities you do only make sense in the context of people (productive member of society stuff)? Even more, how many of the things you do are because of the consequences for or from others (feed your family, help your friends, do something recognized as really cool)? Where "me" stops and society begins is always a bit fuzzy. Wait, you're saying this article, which is about the past, somehow requires prescience? So the now-past is different from the future-past? Can we compare the now-past with the past as it will be on 9/1 and somehow glean a way to make piles of money? Please add an academia option for employment. I work at a state school so I put government, but that feels wrong. Maybe, just maybe, this statement is not about the politicians. Maybe the comparison has to do with the part where there is arguing on the streets between "the sides" of the healthcare and stimulus debates. It could be about a certain charged tension one feels because you can't look anywhere without someone trying to convince you that "$issue is (good|bad)". Maybe its the blowhards on tv are raging about how unfair the other side is being, in a way that rivals election shennanigans. Heck the politicians are double-speaking about policy just the same as always, so I'm not even sure what your retort means. But you are probably right, that comment was about the politicians themselves. Only politicians can make it feel like election season. That's what smileys are for. :) Agreed. If you had been here, i would have picked up on the body language/intonation cues that it was a joke. But keyboards don't got that :( Becuase the university signs my paycheck, not the state. Some of the money to fund me comes from Federal grants, some from federal contracts, some from private contracts, some from private donations and some from state funds. (I work on several projects). So while the institution is subject to state regulation, and can be claimed by the state it is a separate entity. Thats why claiming government is wierd, it is not the only source of my income. Most people in academia have a similar mashup of funding. Oh man, modern SCADA protocols suck, mostly because none of them are modern. There are hundreds of small proprietary protocols, and a few larger "standards", such as modbus and DNP3. None of them are very good. Frequently they are designed to be run over serial lines (rs-232,423,485). The IP layer for these is mostly just "ecapsulate the whole thing in an IP packet (or TCP/UDP), and have some bad glue code for the networking". Sometimes there is no real IP connectivity, but instead it is effectively telnet to a serial port concentrator. Further, being designed for serial, many of these protocols (the state machine for the prot itself, not the implementation) can't handle multiple packet streams at once, opening easy DoS attacks (way less traffic than "flood the network"). Finally there is no concept of authorization or authentication, so anyone who can get a command to the right box can send a "turn off everything" or "change parameters to damaging[1]". To further complicate matters, these networks are usually cordoned off with firewalls, but there are all sorts of wierd exceptions, for vendors, engineers, consultants, etc. These may be through the front door, or via a cellular modem randomly attached to a device somewhere in the facility. The final complication is that SCADA networks and systems have lifetimes measured in decades, that $1B plant better work with no significant downtime if it is ever to be profitable. Of course with such big stakes, no one ever wants to change anything once it is working well enough, which does not help (sometimes with good reason, it will take a year of disassembling to get to that controller!). A big human factor I have not discussed yet also exists: The control systems engineers tend to scoff at computer security folks. They think security is easy... put up a firewall, sprinkle in some encryption and always have strong passwords! They flat out deny that there may be real world implications to some bug that is found, or they say "the firewall will handle that", or "its unlikely to happen". In all there is a lot of interesting work to be done here, as these systems are increasingly hooked to public networks for efficiency and business reasons, there will be more call for good security. And there are TONS of these systems, your building's hvac... if it is medium or large it is on a SCADA loop, power grid, traffic lights, factories, SCADA is a quiet giant, it is everywhere and no one seems to know it. [1] It is very much possible to tweak settings in control systems to ruin products, to run just outside of "safe operating range" and ruin a part in 1 year instead of 10, and other subtle forms of sabotage... I think I wasn't clear enough. You are absolutely correct in your assessment of those guys, 30+yrs of live system is a big deal. Its the guys these days who, despite the tech having moved forward, and problems having been found, and solutions to those problems being well tested, still insist that modbus is the way to go in new systems, "just run it over ip, it'll be fine, we can artificially limit concurrency out" (their method is DoSable in at least 4 ways). Sometimes "its been done this way for 30 years" doesn't mean "nothing better has been found", it means "there is a lot of inertia and stubborn-ness". Is this because the semantic web is completely unattainable, or because the definition keeps shifting (e.g. todays "normal web techniques" are yesterday's "semantic web")? In nyc 100K is a modest salary. Judging by cost of living calculators, it is roughly the same as teachers make where I live. So you're saying that we should not or can not learn from the experiences of others. The idea that most people are wired roughly the same holds no sway with you, and that only personal experience can possibly show you how things work. This means you never take into account reccomendations for movies, or books or restaurants. Never learn from others' mistakes right? Thats what you are saying. Of course none of the above takes into account the fact that you are biased to judging yourself well (my actions were of course right). Your analysis could be based on some flawed assumption (the happiness i get from X is the maximum of happiness, maximizing the little happinesses reaches a global maximum, not a local one, etc). Or that other people could possibly know more than you. Not that this comment matters, only your judgment and thoughts could possibly be correct in the end. Thank you. That made my day. You should make stickers, with a picture of turing. Across the bottom it should say: "Dude deserves a KCMG". Aren't they the same line? I have the 500GB in the same series (with the corrupted firmware) and the fix did very nice things for it. Also, I have never had problems with the 7200.12 (the newer version of the same drive) in a 1TB model. It seems to me that their business model, and their requirements, and their implementation solve one problem, and they do it well. The problem backblaze is solving is backups. Their front-end software sends a pile of data to the datacenter, where it is written en-masse. Should restore ever be needed, the data is then transfered back en-masse. Both of these operations have needs that are different from an S3 type service. Backup/restore can have latencies built in, can have slow seek times, etc. This allows them to take advantage of the lower end hardware. For example each of these "pods" only has 4GB of RAM. If I was doing lots of random I/O on 67TB of drives, I would want a heck of a lot more ram for caching efficiencies. One thought I had regarding that -- their client talks to a "main server" management system, which talks to each pod on using the tomcat layer. The "main server" then replies to the client with an IP or similar to send data to directly. Since this goes over the web, https is used for security. Since https is already being used, it is not so difficult to use it all the way for authentication etc. Not day to day, but I can send a vial of spit off to a company which will then tell me if I have any genes which increase risk for certain illnesses. I can then take preventative measure. For an old timey medical thing, which is really what you should be comparing your medical knowledge stuff to, not electricity, what is a practical, day to day, benefit of antibiotics? (I would argue the curing your sickness is a special occasion benefit, even less day to day than preventative measures taken from the genome thing). One of the big problems with this article, and it also applies (albeit slightly differently) to the singularity folks, is this: You are comparing normal existence today with front edge people of the past. This is easy to accidentally do, because it is much easier to see the people who really jumped all over lighting, and telephone in the past when looking from now. Further it is much more common to write about those people than it is to write about the smiths, who not keeping up with the Joneses, didn't get the telephone for another decade. There were plenty of places in the us that only used outhouses into the 70's. Horses were used for plowing and whatnot into the 1950's (tractors having been around for decades at that point). My point is, in 50 years we will be writing about the curve the internet took, and my children's kids will grow up believing everyone did this internet thing fluently. It will be hard to explain to them how a lot of my contemporaries will never quite get it. Much like I still can't quite wrap my head around the telephone troubles my grandfather's parents seemed to have. I guess the point is, there really is not a good way of measuring impact of technology until we can look back and go, "woah, that was a big change!" or "what a dud!". Compare period write-ups of the future of zepplins or pneumatic tubes, to current reality. There is the possibility that reaching singularity means something different than those folks think. For example, it could be that the singularity is real, however one of the consequences of ever increasing technological improvements is that more people have more power than ever before, and social structures and protections (e.g. law enforcement) are not able to keep up. Such a thing can result in the death of all of us at some point shortly before singularity, via accident or madman or similar. Another possibility (assuming singularity) is that the after effects are far, far, different than anyone predicted, and it happens pretty frequently around the universe. This could easily explain why we haven't heard from super advanced species elsewhere in the universe. Singularity effects could have reached us as many points in the past, perhaps starting our own quest towards singularity. Or, as you say, it could just be that singularity won't happen. (I am inclined to agree with this myself, the above disagreement is just an exercise to keep my mind open.) So this is nice, but is it super fast/efficient? It would seem to me that this sort of thing is where inline assembly, on a per processor basis, would really make a huge difference. Is this sort of thing well enough known that compilers already do it for us? Anyone know a lot about this sort of thing? Ok I must be missing something. Everyone is knocking this backblaze thing because it doesnt do ZFS or because it is not a "super duper high end san replacement" or because the components are not rated for enterprise level work. It seems to me that a company whose product is personal and small business backups does not need any of those things. They have software to do mirroring. Why would they need any fast network filesystems if all data comes and goes via the internet? Will the hard drives see that much data I/O, or will they mostly just fill up and sit idling with the very occasional read for restore (i strongly suspect the later)[1]. Of course on the other hand, there are the poeple touting it as the end all be all, a solution to kill NetApp. I guess what Im wondering is: how did so many people get the idea that this article about a specific solution to a specific problem was actually some sort of general purpose solution attacking all the big name people? What am I missing? [1]A huge chunk of this article is about the hard drives and PSUs not being enterprise ready, but for an enterprise load, but I just don't see it. I bet a lot of these boxes run idle a large chunk of the time. I have 10 year old desktop hard drives running just fine in a file server, because it has a similar load: mostly idle most of the time. I dunno, it made me consider them. Instead of "we spend $2m on storage, and someday to hope to make enough money from people like you to not go out of business", its "look we aren't charging you much, and we are promising you 50 yrs of storage, this is how we can actually do that and stay in business". Thanks for the good reply! I too have frequently wondered why I can't adjust settings for such things. I also have wondered why I sometimes I have to re-login to groups when I go there, even tho I am currently using gmail in a different tab. Even more than that tho, I would like to see a modern ident protocol, preferably one that is tied into a PKI and cryptographically secure. Then I wouldn't have to care about this. Statistics has direct applications in: * VM optimization * Data Mining * Machine learning/classification * Hueristics * Benchmarking (and other measurment) Indirectly there are even more. There isn't a week that goes by where I don't go looking for solutions in statistical methods. I was thinking something similar. Things like biotech (GM food being the biggest day to day change) aren't even mentioned. It has contributed to fewer people starving. That may or may not affect our life, but it certainly affects many lives. Create a site called hackoverflow.com base it on stackoverflow.com. Im sure you don't need more prompting. It shouldn't take more than a long weekend... ducks :) Hrm, sure, it's fine to attack some of the handwavey, kinda bs sounding reasons to travel, but what about these?: * I live 900 miles from the nearest ocean, and I like fresh, affordable seafood. * like above, but for surfing and other beachy things. * Similarly there are no mountains close by, and I like looking at those too sometimes. Actually, lets just make this one "radically different scenery" * There are foods that just cannot be reproduced by going down to the $ethnic corner restaurant. * Sometimes just simply "novelty is fun". Now, I'm not saying you have to like travel, nor am I saying that the above is not otherwise acheivable. Of course I'm not also declaring them reasons that you must stop being and idiot and start traveling. Hah, just be careful, having to go back the other way is kinda painful. I keep a file for myself called pythonisms.php in it i define a few functions that let me continue to think in ways I've come to love in python. One example, the get function. It takes 3 arguments, and works like python's dict.get(). I seriously have no idea how I did php without it. This sort of thing is still needed. I have a friend who's boss wont let him use anything except c, php, and perl. Any attempts to get python in there are met with resistance and vague hysteria. More posts like these from can slowly lower people's loyalty to php, and contribute to saving my friend and many like him. Oh Haskell, why must you hurt my brain so much? I get that it's a powerful language, that 2 characters of Haskell can do more than a gigabytes of C (or something like that I'm told). Im even trying to learn the language. But until then, I am always stuck with the impression (usually correct) that I just don't get it, when something discussing it comes along. :( Perl itself is not the problem. According to my friend, the problem comes from available tools: the ones he needs already exist for python but not for perl. As for quick and dirty scripting in python: I do it all the time. Hell I just made a little "framework" [1] in python to do this better. I missed the while <> construct from perl for doing filters, so I made it easier to do in python. The funny thing is, many of my quick and dirty python scripts end up looking like more thought was put into them, and being more flexible, than they were ever intended to be. [1] http://pypi.python.org/pypi?name=pyCLiFF&version=0.1&... Thanks for the pointers! Sometimes it's easy to get caught up hating on Apache because it isnt lighttpd or nginx or $lightweighthttpserver. But there are a lot of pretty cool Apache projects, and they have done a very good job in the OSS in the enterprise game. I don't know if I would agree with "changed computing" that is a pretty big task, but 'had a lot of influence' I totally agree with. I wish I could be Lonnie Johnson -- R&D on squirt guns and whatnot sounds fun! Oh computerland, where one person will post a 3 order of magnitude speedup, only to have someone else come along and say "oh thats nothing, here's our 4 OoM speedup". By the way have I ever told you guys about the time we denormalized this table... :P I think you have it backwards: As computers and programming languages become more sophisticated and AI-like, programming a computer will become more like teaching a human. And programming is something that mostly interests men today. So one would expect that teachers in the far future will be almost all men. Assuming this isn't a hoax... That price is the prototype price. It is pretty safe to assume this would be even cheaper when mass produced. About dubiousness: I am also skeptical. It feels almost too good to be true. As for mass production: it also takes advantage of economies of scale (price goes way down), automation (price goes down), and "side channel" revenue streams -- open your own barber shops/salons and charge half of what others charge. This is ok, but it's really not much of an improvement on Linux's layer7 modules for netfilter. It is still not very useful for identifying encrypted traffic. Much cooler are statistical approaches, because they can frequently get around encryption for protocol identification purposes. E.G. spid (don't know if it gets around the encryption thing...) http://sourceforge.net/projects/spid/ The desktop metaphor requires "hiding" WMs -- On a real desktop I can move stuff around, make it overlap, etc. At this point I also think the "hiding" ones are expected, and most people would freak out if they were given one. So my first thought on this Tornado stuff was: why not glue twisted and tornado together? A quick look at the code suggests it is doable, and could help fix the "web mess" in twisted. My second thought was: Why didn't they build this on libevent, and pyevent, which has a built-in non-blocking webserver which is pretty darned fast. Specifically, from the outside looking in, exactly what you described is(was?) a mess. Last I looked it was confusing as to what I should use, what would be supported in the future, who (web or web2) had what feature, and what even worked. That was quite a while a go (like over a year). More recently, talk at pycon suggested things had not improved much, but I haven't verified that. I am open to the possibility that things have improved since I last looked, particularly given the overall quality of twisted stuff. I still wonder tho, if this would be good to graft into twisted? That is disingenuous. In any job/work, even if you love it, there are tasks that blow. Documentation, bug hunting, administrivia, the boilerplate crap that crops up are all examples of this. Some or all of them are required, and since they are not fun, it is easy to get distracted and procrastinate. Some people are just prone to such things. Is it not better that they figure out how to not procrastinate, or that they search for the elusive (possibly mythical) work that has 0% sucky tasks? I wonder if this is why certain idioms are considered "stronger" or "more vivid" than saying the same thing directly. Since these idioms take advantage of the right-brain, which is also responsible for emotion etc., it seems reasonable to me that the emotional connotations of a particular idiom are directly activated instead of thru a translation layer (language centers of the left brain). Take the degree that provides you with material you wouldn't otherwise learn. In your case, this would be electronics, because I strongly suspect you will pick up on the CS stuff on your own. My experience is similar to yours. I was enrolled in the CS program at a pretty big engineering school. I became somewhat disenchanted by it, as there were all sorts of interesting classes out there, but I only had free slots in my degree for 2. In most of the CS courses I enjoyed the stuff, but frequently had already learned it on my own. So I switched majors to Geography. (Such a degree is nice, because it allows many random courses, so I could learn stuff I would have otherwise not learned). I minored in CS and continued it as a hobby. This has had no noticeable impact on my career, and I now work as a researcher at a university, writing and evaluating software. HTH This is too bad. I was really hoping that Mint would be able to handle some things in a slightly sane way now that Intuit was involved. For example: I get paid $X per month, direct deposit to my savings account. I then transfer $Y to checking, and $Z to investment accounts (NOTE: not buying investments yet, just staging it). According to Mint I now have an income of $X+$Y+$Z for the month, and have spent $Y+$Z. When I by investments that amount also gets added to both income and expense totals. It seems to me that doubly entry bookkeeping was invented at least 1000 years ago, and handles the whole funds transfer thing just fine without misreporting income. I certainly wish the Mint team could do so as well. I strongly suspect a flaw in your statistics: I'm willing to put money on this site having a spikey workload, not a constant workload. There are probably hours in a row that 6 of those servers sit idle. Rant: I wish technical sites would stop using req/day as a metric. It leads to the op type of analysis. At the very least, such articles could use a format of "X req/day peaking at Y/s". Maybe if the NYT was writing it would be ok to use req/day but a sight who's tagline is: "High Scalability Building bigger, faster, more reliable websites." should know better. Sorry for that late reply, IMO, that title was fine, it did it's job well. My rant, etc, was about the stats section in the article itself. It still uses a flat time model, on the scale of N things/day instead of a more representative N things/day (X things/(smaller than day time unit) at peak). I understand they were testing out of the box stuff, but I wish they had upped to a newer gcc in the FreeBSD install, and recompiled some of those programs. Id really like to get a feel for the actual differences between the OSes without extra variales like compiler and 3rd part libs getting in the way. Such a thing would really be kernel+libc comparisons then. This is pretty awesome. For those unaware of happenings in Smart Grid space here is a quick synopsis of why this is a big deal. First some background: A PDC is software/device that collects PMU data. A PMU is a device that takes high precision measurements of Voltage, Current, Phase angle, etc at intervals and keeps a GPS timestamp with each data measurement. Enough of this data allows for some very cool analysis of the power grid, finding inefficiencies, detecting problems before they become blackouts, fine tuning various bits of equipment, etc. So why is this particular project awesome? OpenPDC also helps researchers, in several ways. First, it provides working implementations of protocols actually being used, which makes simulation and emulation of SmartGrid networks much easier. Second, it allows for researchers to access and use data from many sources via a common API, allowing them to focus on the real problems. Finally it provides an easy way for researchers to get their results to others, via a common code base. Oh yeah, finally + 1, it includes Hadoop code, allowing easy parallel processing of large piles of data produced by PMUs. The above opens up another point as well. There currently exist only closed, proprietary implementations of standard protocols. There are many known incompatibilities between these implementations, so OpenPDC allows for these to be documented in code, as well as for the vendors to have a nice reference implementation. The existence of such also makes market entry a bit easier for new companies selling products in the Power Grid space, and competition is good. Another very cool aspect of this, as someone else pointed out, is that it is the Government open sourcing their software. This is a very nice step in a good direction -- I like the results of my tax dollars being available to me. I was completely oblivious to the // being a problem at all. Since it isn't necessary for >99% of non-geeky url usage, it only comes up once, when I explain that browsers are pretty smart and that part is optional with a couple of exceptions... and that is it. Weird. This is probably the single-best argument against longevity I have ever read. Please further explain your moral agent statement. I can see mandatory vaccines on the one hand as a moral position (you must save your kid my way) and on the other as a socially responsible position (not vaccinating your kid provides disease vectors to mine.. not all vaccines provide 100% immunity so more vaccines is better protection for all). Im interested in hearing more on both sides of this. So your argument is that "bad things are happening because the government wants them to happen, not because that is just the way of the world" is not more comforting? In the former case you have an intentioned actor, in which case all that is needed to stop the bad things is to stop the actor, which is possible. In the latter case there exists the possibility of no control (no way to stop it), a frightening proposition to most people. Your position against the science vs pseudo-science statement seems to support that very statement. Interestingly, the generated story read like 90% of the sports stories I have ever read. As a person who is only mildly interested in sports (I read maybe 1 story per month) I am certainly missing some nuances, but I think this speaks poorly of sports journalists more than anything else. I think this tech could be used to great advantage in finance news reporting as well, which is equally formulaic. OK, first, I am not convinced that socially responsible is strictly a moral position. Disease vector analysis is just an analysis on a directed graph. In this case there is a strong mathematical model, with scientific evidence, that not vaccinating children can harm other children. Because of this I am questioning your analogy, since in the case of the draft there is not a non-opinion social component. Instead I analogize with drunk driving -- significantly fewere drunk drivers equates to significantly fewer 3rd party injuries and deaths as a result of drunk drivers. Similarly in the vaccination case, there are 3rd parties who stand to suffer from the actions of those who do not receive vaccines. Edit: I forgot to put my second point, which is: I agree with your analogy in that those who stand to benefit should be closely scrutinized when advocating a position. You're conclusions are reasonable for the assumption that the government acted from malice. You miss, or dismiss with no mention, the following possibilities: The cause of the illness was a substance not then known to be toxic. The toxin did not remain airborne long enough for EPA samples to gather it. The EPA tests were not capable of detecting the problem. General incompetence. A bad batch of test kits. The toxin may have come from dust stirred up during work which quickly settled. Any of the above being true would invalidate your conclusions. As someone totally ignorant of the illnesses you are talking about, I have only your statement to go on, which addresses none of the above, so these may be known. As for government lies, many many cases of government lies can be equally attributed to ignorance as they can to malice, so I am challenging your basic proposition. If you could show me that there would a significant increase in people surviving injury or avoiding permanent injury from CPR/First aid certs for all, then I would have no problem with it. Until then, I oppose it. I suspect you are opposed to drunk driving prohibitions, as lowered reaction times and lowered inhibition do not cause fatal collisions, just fail to prevent them. Or is this some how different? (Disclaimer, this statement can be seen as inflamatory, it is not meant as such, it was just ignored from my previous post, and I see the analogy as related.) Um, doesn't having 50 different devices to convert X into electricity, then piping all of them to a storage device actually match the Unix philosophy perfectly? Just curious, how old is the ticket processing database? Is it possible that 7 X's was an invalid licesnse plate at some point in the past? If so is it bad design still? What is the bad design in that case, the system or the improper requirements gathering when updating some parts of the system to allow for the 7x license plate? Is the actual problem not in the software, but in a failure to notify and properly train the police officers one the 7x problem? I'm not sure this counts as backing. The guy threatened a class action lawsuit, and they backed down. This could also mean either it was cheaper to pay $400 than defend against such a suit or that there was merit in the suit and the guy could have gotten a lot more. Good point, that is an important distinction. In the end tho, I think the equation is still the same: if Pr(d|r)*Cost(d) > $request then pay him Where d is dealing with the guy, r is the reasonableness of his request, and pr is the probability function. Oh great, now my brain hurts. Does anyone know of any papers mapping cryptography to category theory? It seems that there could be some interesting results of such a thing, even if it is just reasoning about security protocols in terms of string diagrams. Please explain further. It's not a random correlation based on observations of adults, it's studies that show small children behave in the mentioned ways when told they are smart, when compared to being told they are hard working. A lifetime of this can ingrain certain behaviors. I hope someday to actually understand this. It seems to come up once a year or so, and each time I understand a bit more... so hopefully in a few years... Um.. Why cant the blog be static and have a dynamic webapp hanging off /admin/ which operates as a static site generator? The only difference would be that a program on the web server creates the static files and copies them to the correct directories, instead of a local program creating the static files and copying them to the correct directories. Edit: I should clarify that I am refering to programs that create static html files. I read the story as dynamic == generates html from some other stored format, be it database or flat files in rst. Good tip, thanks -- now on to making my brain hurt! Yes, evil maid is still possible. It does not however trump the basic use case: lost or stolen laptop. In those simple and common cases, the homedir data remains safe. For now, the hassle of a fully encrypted drive is greater than the benefit of protection from doing so, particularly when the MBR type attacks you mention don't remove the evil maid vulnerabilities. I see, thanks! So up front: I know this question sounds like a classic flame, however I'm honest about it, and the similarity to flame means I have yet to see an answer that I am satisfied with, as the discussions degenerate quickly. Anyway: What is non-relational data? I have been under the impression for a long time that datasets all have internal relationships, be they semantic or other, and that relational databases are systems to store and query data based on the relationships. Even a key value store defines an explicit relationship. When I first learned about databases, the class was about Normal Forms and Relational algebra, with rdbms thrown in as an example. These 2 key concepts are methods of working with data in a subtle and nuanced way -- a way strongly based on set and/or category theory. SQL it always seemed to me to be a decent extension to this, a DSL specifically designed to work on sets vs individual pieces of data. In that I found it elegant. Now this doesn't mean SQL is perfect, I get that, in a lot of cases it is clunk or worse. Nor does it mean that the underlying datastore needs to model data to exactly follow the relationships that describe it. And in light of CAP vs ACID views on data, a lot of exploration of this space makes sense. None of this includes a concept of relational vs non-relational data. In fact I view these systems as potential new building blocks of relational sytems. So this has turned longer than I originally thought, but badk to the main question: what is non-relational data? I tend to use them exactly opposite. Data is a collection of values. They may be good or bad in need of massaging, and so on. Information is what we learn by processing data, facts or statistics or whatnot that can be deduced from the data. You are confusing SQL with "necessitates row ortientation", even tho column databases frequently use SQL for queries. This is essentially why I originally asked -- SQL and relational data does not require what you describe, it has just been the traditional approach to implementing it. Relational theory only requires row orientation at a conceptual level, and not even that -- a row is just a set with a key and potentially a relationship with another set. At a lower level than the relational algebra much data is better kept in columns or graphs, as you mention. This is why I ask my question, the data is conceptually relational (all data is pretty much by definition of relational...) but access patterns dictate a non-row orientation. On the how bit: there is no such thing as reading code once. It is a simple matter of reading a method/object/what-have-you, then rereading it until you see it called/referenced etc and don't ask yourself "wtf does foo do". Trace various code paths often enough and you'll 'get it'. As for the why: I used to decide I didn't like module X, then decide I was going to implement it myself. After some time I would end up with something looking like X, but not nearly as refined. As such, I learned it's better to read others' code and understand it -- much faster than reaching the same conclusions as the original authors w/ crappier code. Of course if after understanding you decide you still think it's crap -- have at it :). I can't think of a better paper to read at 4:20 on a Friday. Thank you. I don't know -- looking someting up in a book, even with a decent computer index, is still orders of magnitude slower than a googling it. So to broadcast my math ignorance to all: Why does cos(pi) + i sin(pi) == -1 ?? Why does i disappear in this? Edit: Thanks to the replies below. The answer is in the article: While cron is great, it’s not geared toward solving this problem: Tasks are tied to a single computer, and they’re managed independently for each host and user from the command line. So calorie counting sounds great. Well not really. See I cook at home. By cook I dont mean "take out of box and put in microwave for specified time", I mean "chop, sautee, bake, stir, etc". If you have ever tried to figure calories from that, you understand why calorie counting sounds like 50-100x more trouble than it's worth. This is ridiculous, we can't just let people have access to their data!... i mean OUR data. Just imagine, they may learn things we could have forced them to pay absurd fees to get! :P Why did online news decide to stop with the dateline? I mean how hard is it to start a story with "UK -" or "London -" or whatever. It took me 2 paragraphs to figure out which country this was about. I know that it is computerworlduk now, but i don't pay that much attention when I click links. Remember in 2008 when we got tax rebates from Bush? Those were to get the economy going, based on the fact that we were entering a recession. It was a big worry. Unemployment at that point was The collapse of LB and BS et al, is something different, those were a big deal panic, associated with, but not the start of, the recession. They were the worsening of it. The actually interesting thing here is that we were told about the recession we were in for quite a while before the collapses, then we were told how we just got into a recession because of the collapses. Or have we always been at war with eastasia? Further how do we count people who are underemployed? For instance, software developers who take fry-cook jobs because a crappy paycheck beats no paycheck. Self-employed is tricky too, because is slow business unemployed? Sure each of these edge cases is just that, but there are enough to add up to a noticable amount. I was under the impression that it was porn of geeks... Further, people like GVR say things like "In a decade we figure python 3 will be pretty widespread", and "Python 3 isn't really ready for primetime yet, don't use it". Is it really a groundbreaking blog post to mention that people aren't using it now, and that it doesn't work quite the way author expected. Of course the original author also claimed Python 3 is attempting to maintain some backwards compatibility based on a module which interfaces a system call. And then complains that it should just be a clean break from the past. And after that complains that the new thing isnt the old thing. If that confuses you, don't worry I'm confused too. I question the notion of work week. In fact I seriously doubt the whole "work/life" separation -- it just feels like a false dichotomy. Sure there are tasks that are best done "at work" and other best done "at home". But I frequently sit in my office thinking about hobby projects, and think about work stuff when watching movies or tv. Further, I try to tie hobby stuff and work stuff together. From a different angle: I spend more time with my office mate than I do with my girlfreind. I eat as many meals with the group admin assistant as I eat w/ her. It seems that writing this off as "just work" is dismissing a huge portion of my life. I understand that I am lucky in that I love my work -- but still, instead of measuring things like work week, why not have articles and posts and what not devoted to "how to better integrate and avoid the redundancies". I half agree. I think a minimialist toolkit would be nice, but I think tk is beyond minimalist into the austere. Also, I think that both are fashion statements -- even if the statement is "I choose not to participate". Thank you. It so rare that a statistics joke makes me actually laugh. First I would cut the "Checks take N days to clear", "electronic transfers take 3 days", and other similar crap. Second I would allow the creation of multiple sub-accounts which can be used for single transactions, single receiver, or rate limited transactions. Think ING Orange sub-accounts but with external interfaces and on sterioids. I agree that the "hard vs. soft delete" debate is pointless. It seems the article sets up a false dilemma. The interesting thing is how to deal with archive data. There are a few patterns, but the one presented many times in this article is the "log it" pattern (if it has an official name, please let me know). Basically, this transforms all the data into a series of transactions, each of which is stored. It can occur at the database level (log each changing query, e.g. insert, updated, delete). At the data level (columns for is-filled, is-backordered, and so on, the soft delete in the article). At the application level (each transaction is in a different row, what it means is away from the data itself). Really it comes down to how often the data will need to be accessed, and how dynamically it needs to be queried. In the modern age of hadoop clusters everywhere, and clouds being cheap, it may actually be best to keep the database as a maintainer of current state, and the transaction log as the historian (alternative 1 above), shipping off the logs for data-mining on the cluster at the analyst's leisure. The part I find amusing is: depending on which angle you come from, this could be a hard or soft delete :). As a corollary: when providing help, always demand the big picture. Frequently you will catch flak for this, in the form of "I am the expert in X, I know what I'm doing just fix the miniscule thing", but it is always great to see the look on someone's face when you say "Oh, dept. Y already does that and makes the result available at foo, it should save you a few hours of work". So for years most newspapers have been little more than AP aggregators, offering local opinion pieces and a few local stories. Then the journal comes in, with a bunch of specialist content, and respected editorial bits, makes a profit selling this, and somehow is in the same market? Isn't that like saying Google and Dell are in the same business because it is computers? Vaguely related: what ever happened to the micro-payment idea? Why oh why wouldn't the wsj promote the commodification of news? Isn't commodification a basic economic principle? Shouldn't we start working out business models around adding value to the commodity news, you know, like wsj itself has done in recent years. I've been noticing a pattern in the free-software world. Product A becomes a flagship implementation of something. Sendmail for smtp, Apache for http and so on. These are early implementors, lots of people get behind the project, a hundred different paths are taken. In the mean-time there are lots of experimenting, tweaking, and reworking to the entire suite/stack for that something, which get rolled into the original implementation. This results in a giant, lumbering beast of an application. It contains this collective history of the entire movement. All the abortive bits, blind alleys, weird idiosyncracies must be kept, because someone, somewhere depends on it. All the old timers think this is the bee's knees. Everyone else however gets sick of the giant, and you get exim or nginx, in a hundred varieties that perform better for certain common (or uncommon) subsets of use. These better performing "lightweight" versions shed the cruft and are widely adopted by those who no longer care about say, http servers, and instead just want a simple strut. Anyway my point is: is it at all surprising that FreeSWITCH has come in to do fill the Asterisk role as a voip strut? How is this different than what I said? In my example/metaphor Asterisk is the crufty lumbering giant.. I was really hoping this was about some 419 variant... We would like to steal ships worth $x, but to do so we need boats and guns and fake papers, which cost $y. We presume in most cases we will be able to ransom for $x/10 of which you will get $y*10. Please send the money to... and so on. I have had people tell me that I should not ever change modules once they are verified to work the way we need them, even during changes to systems for version++. They claim "If it ain't broke...". Such thinking is itself broken, I consider refactoring and adding functionality to keep up w/ specs to be fixing brokenness. The alternative is layers of cruft which is fragile and smelly, but preserves some core that is no longer adequate. (warning: some pretty broad generalizations ahead) From what I've seen, it depends on the area in which you want to program. The areas that fetishize the new (for being new) have a tendency to dislike experienced/older people. Particularly noticeable amongst web frontend people I've worked with. In places with deep domain voodoo or that fetishize the better (systems, networking, and so on) old is not a barrier, and experience is valued. As for ridiculous questions about apis... I have done well for myself by answering those types of questions with things like: "my ide does that, so I don't know" and "who cares?" -- sure I've "lost out" on a few code monkey jobs, but instead I've had some pretty cool stuff to work on. dupe: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=972329 This is cool, but kinda hacky... I mean what if I want to use the output for say, going to the error in the copied code? Does screen have a way to attach to stdin/stdout/stderr for a process it is running? While still displaying in the host terminal as well (something akin to tee)? I think 1000 is a couple orders of magnitude too few. Thanks for the link. When discussing English, the fact that a word is imported from any language should not matter, as English is a thief language.French however is VERY present in English, since about 1066 anyway. I've been told about half of our words in English have French roots. Further many of the "fancy words" are of French origin, due to the simple fact that the nobles spoke french, and that connotation still exists in the language. Short version: lots of french words are in English, why does this one example warrant mention. I have always wanted: A. an easy way to call into Haskell or some other fp from python. B. the ability to embedd the above so that I can have equations in a nice mathy looking form but the rest in python. C. all of the above w/ R too. I think one of the problems comes from the fact that big players affect the game. So if say, Citi launches a new algorithm that does some new crazy thing, which turns out to trigger random issues or unexpected responses in other algorithms -- such a thing could make lots of people other than citi a pile of money. Are those people really going to want Citi to test it too well? Another, real concern with such a shadow market, where say everyone is running their algorithms (to prevent the above scenario), is that i could test "a buggy version" and find holes and odd behaviors of my competetors for free, since it is all play money. You're right this type of coding doesn't work well in maintenance. However, when exploring a problem, fast coding is phenomenal. Once I discovered I could write code quick enough to do experiments, and that the whole iteration took less time than reasoning out, planning, doing back of the napkin style calculations, and still maybe getting it wrong, I moved to exploratory programming. This is where fast coding shines. Further, a lot of infrastructure can be built up this way, helper functions, I/O frameworks, etc can get massaged into a good solution. At the end, there is still refactoring, and maintenance (particularly by people not intimately familiar w/ the codebae) may need some more thought, but the initial build... fast is good. "I'm pushing towards the idea of internalizing not only the specifics of a language, but the idea of what programming language and tool fits a problem best at any given time." I've found that anytime something seems crufty, or perhaps like I'm twisting too many rules, or just plain inelegant, I think "there has to be a better way to do this" and its off to the google/documentation/greybeards. If you don't get that feeling yet (it will come) any time something seems hard, explore other people's solutions -- that is more than one, and compare/contrast them on a detailed level. Eventually you'll either start just understanding what the best tool is, or more likely, intuitively knowing that you don't know a good solution and that its time to search. (It's a big field, knowing when you don't know is a good place to be). These tips are ok. Particularly the ones about profiling. I have a few more that I have found over time. First tho, as always a good algorithm improvement can help over any of these. Trick 0 is about that, the rest are more about performance. 0. Generator comprehensions and list comprehensions are you friends. Sometimes one will make things like woah fast -- generators are lazy evaluation at its finest (if you don't follow that find a Haskell fan and ask them), this can be a real boon to your app. Sometimes you need the list comprehension. If you can't reason out which would be better for you, or reasoning suggests it shouldn't matter, try both anyway, just to be sure :). 1. Function calls are expensive. Sometimes when you call a function a lot (on the order of 1000's of calls in a normal run) its better to bite the bullet and just unfactor it. I have seen improvements of 50% from just this. 2. Dictionaries are fast. Classes are great, objects make life easy on programmers, but when dealing with large datasets, sometimes nested list/dict combos is way better than Objects (which are just dicts, but the syntactic sugar of objectness can eat up quite a few method calls, see #1 above). Also, sets are extremely useful and based on dicts (therefore also fast), so if the semantics of a set are ok with your needs, use them. 3. Python regex is fast. It is usually frowned upon, but sometimes a complex regex is way better than pyparsing or python string methods. This saved my butt on one very memorable occasion -- #1 and #2 above didn't really do enough, so I replaced the core processing bits with a very complex regex and got the speedup. 4. The gc module can really do a LOT of good. Short running scripts with lots of data can really be sped up by turning off gc (if you have the memory capacity). Even tuning generational parameters can really affect performance -- almost shockingly so. 5. Any type of bit twiddling sucks. Take the time to do it in C and make the extension. This includes most IP ops -- if you are working with large lists of addresses look into dnet. Similar libs exist for a lot of other projects. 6. __slots__ prove very useful sometimes. So does the struct module. Learn about both, they can really do wonders for your code in both readability and performance if used carefully. 7. All of the above are wrong in some contexts -- they are not hard and fast rules, but guidelines, in some cases they work great, in others they don't help at all. My personal preferences are: Boost.python for C++[1], and Pyrex/Cython for C wrappers. Both make things pretty nice. I never really got into swig, so I'm not sure if there is noticable speedup betwen any of these. As for handwritten wrappers, I have not had any personal experience trying to eke the extra speed from not using a code generator type wrapper. hth Performance can mean: blazing fast,always completes in the smallest possible time (theoretically anyway). It can also mean, runs in a reasonable time, within the parameters of the spec. Many times in the later case its faster and easier (in programmer time) to tune/tweak the slow scripting language, than it is to pull out the big guns. So, I remember reading random SF stories as a child, in the 80s, in which pocket computers did everything. Heck, Larry Niven had this concept going in at least the mid 70s with Mote in God's eye. The difference between those pocket computers and what we're doing with phones now: A name- we call them phones. Why is it so surprising when it actually starts to come true? This is no different than the previous "computerizations" in which digital devices replaced some previously untouchable thing. At least it was there, in late september, when this story was written. I can never remember if it is: ln $file $link - or - ln $link $file There are good arguments for both, and I have a 50% success rate at remembering. I was really hoping for some mnemonic for this. oh well. Haha, thats a mighty fine article. Lots of words about how newspapers are overly verbose. I dunno -- kicks off?? For years I have assumed that any device I am dealing with runs a linux. Most of the time they are. Heck, my TV runs linux! Isn't this like saying "Orville and Wilbur wright really didn't do anything that great. Thousands of hobbiests could easily build an airplane that is safer, faster and more maneuverable than the wright flyer, and in their garages on weekends!". It is the nature of tech to build on what was done before. It's hard to remember that something that now might be laughable, was at one point considered impossible. Totally off-topic: Does anyone else miss the kuro5hin peak days? I can't seem to find any single community to capture the soul of what it was. HN and Reddit are close, but something is lacking. Anyone know of such places? Depends. 10us is a target for the entire messaging stack. See for instance zeromq.org. Other things, with calculations have different time targets. So determining timing requirements from something as vague as "Low latency trading app" is a bit difficult. I have a friend working for a company that does this, and his job is essentially "shaving microseconds" to quote him. Yeah, those are exactly the sort of thing I'm talking about. Topic oriented communities are great, hence I really like HN; it's full of smart people who will discuss things well, but its all computers all the time. The thing about k5 was the whole "renaissance man" vibe. There are lots of points just not addressed here, as well as some blatant hypocrisy: 1. The US has always had a strong distrust for "ivory tower types". This is not new in the last 60 years. This distrust has lead to a constant resistance against anything some random guy doesn't understand. Such resistance leads to half-measures, comprimises, and outright rebellion, so the "educated classes" don't actually complexify as much as the distributed calls for "more accountibility" and "save us from X". 2. The criticisms are not about meritocracy, but the lack of it. If the best solutions/people were always chosen, there wouldn't be problems, there would be solutions. There may be a good criticism of selection criteria in there tho. 3. Calls for a populist revolution while criticizing those who pander to the people, for doing just that. 4. Calling for a debt stigma in a 'CAS' aka 'free market' can only work in waves, because at various points there will be those saying "debt isn't that bad, you can afford it" because they make money from this. Impossible is such a funny word. It supposedly means "things that cannot ever be done", but almost always actually means "things I don't know how to do". I've done some experiments, it seems to me that the first vote is critical, and that it should occur w/in 10 - 20 minutes of posting a story. Otherwise the story just won't get noticed. I've seen this with submissions many time, and in fact have intentionally voted up a "worse" version of a story to test this. Turns out the upvoted version gains the momentum most of the time, even when the other story is better written or has more detail, or whatever. Now whether or not it is ethical is different, but it seems to me that this general behaviour of how stories go would suggest a single "friend vote" at the right time carries more weight than having friends cheat anyway. So the question becomes: if I post something to HN, then link a friend to my HN posting, instead of a direct link, is it ethical since I know he will probably vote up the HN post. Edit: another question that arrises... many of my freinds and I link each other constantly in private communications, does moving part of this to HN constitute an ethical dilemma since there is now voting and a larger audience invovled? Part of me says no, as those articles are interesting to us anyway, hence the linking, and the upvote is just a formalization of that... The ultimate problem with this is there is it invites more gaming, which invites more rules.... and so on. I dont know, sometimes codifying rules invites more gaming, particularly in computery situations. When the rules are hard like that, a "win" is more consistent and noticeable so more people will do it/notice the pattern/etc. Also, my original meaning of more wasn't too clear, which was: adding more rules can create unbalanced situations in which gaming has a greater effect, since more rules stacking in weird ways potentially amplifies things. This sort of brings up an interesting idea: perhaps anonymous story posting is something to consider? I have no problem voting comments up based on the strength/personality of the commenter, past discourse colors current interpretation of the comment. However with stories, maybe upvoting on a person's character is not so wanted/warranted? Edit: The more I think on this, the less I'm sure it would fix anything -- those who want their story upvoted because it is to their own site would not care about credit. Also it opens up various gaming opportunities not previously present. This is one of a very small number of books older than 5 years which I still regularly reference. Amusingly, most of the books on that list were written by W Richcard Stevens as well. I think it is worth noting that many people here are the type to game the system, not out of right, wrong, self interest or whatever, but because the CAN. There is a certain amount of "how does this work", "how can i make it do what i want" and whatnot inside of all of us on this site. I'll admit to doing experiments that lead to "how to game hn" type knowledge (see some of my other posts on this thread). There is also a natural law on the net -- as a site gains more importance, more people will try to game it. Its a sign of value. Eventually the gamers will gut it, and it will be time to move on. See slashdot and kuro5hin for notorious examples. A final thought: there is always some amount of backchannel going on -- e.g. YC founders hang together. It is futile (even silly) to suggest that we pretend there is no backchannel, or to act as if there are not things happening outside the site. Maybe they should sell led traffic bulbs with resistive wires to generate heat, like the rear-windshield defroster. They could be switched on during snow. Still saves a ton of money/energy. Sweet! I had given up on this ever appearing -- Seems that since someone came up with it before apple the fanbois have a hard time accepting that it may be a good usability feature. (top 2 responses: "But history already has that" and "I never accidentally close tabs", both of which ignore the part where i leave browsers open for weeks at a time because I'm too lazy to properly organize bookmarks) Remember, the less people you tell, the more likely you are to actually get the discount -- its limited to only 1k people. Makes logging things easier, and in correct order! Thanks, I have no idea how I was unable to connect "renaissance man vibe" with "users wrote all the content". But you are absolutely correct! I honestly thought py3k wasnt being sold. As of the last pycon, there was a lot of talk of 'slow and steady py3k adoption'. The general roadmap assumed by most people I interact with is: at some point someone will make a killer feature with py3k and that will be the tipping point. Until then, 2.x doesn't stop being awesome just cuz 3 around. Good nyt interview too: http://greeninc.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/01/07/qa-googles-gree... Dude, you put a link to an overloaded site on a popular link aggregator, this doesn't really help anyone. Because laptops/netbooks are just awkward enough that I don't like the hassle of opening them an using them on the couch, wandering around the house, etc. I do however want to ask google all sorts of questions all the time. A tablet seems solve this problem. Laptops are kind of awkward when doing something besides sitting and using a laptop. So when cooking, or when gaming (bg more than vg), or fixing stuff around the house, or whatever, tablet form makes sense. It is an information lookup device, like puting documents on a clipboard, more than a laptop replacement. Something like this will never become widespread unfortunately. See, banking has it too good right now. They get to charge people strange fees, and credit interest AND they get to charge per transaction on credit cards as well. This means they get paid whenever transactions happen. With this system it becomes so laughably cheap to pass money around, it will be like going back to cash, which means there doesn't need to be a per-transaction overhead. As such, lots of institutions would lose out on the money they get now. Such things scare the large existing banks, so they won't support it until they have to. No merchants will accept it, for the reason that no one uses it. Thus you end up with a chicken/egg problem. Interesting -- looks like a good series. You're right about the potential, but honestly I'm pretty sure that this won't happen. There is just too much regulation in place that prevents you from doing anything money related unless you have a major backer. dupe of http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1037287 Right, thats why they have the google power meter stuff too. Having a large pile of statistical data, and realtime data, and a major statistical analysis engine AND the ability to buy low and sell high for power is not at all a massive money maker. I am interested, thanks for the pointer. So I work in the power grid space, and talking to some collegues about this, turns out the behaviour in my speculation is actually VERY illegal. There are many regulations about keeping groups that handle these types of data and operations very separate. Otherwise it is essentially collusion. So I like this idea, the project looks pretty cool, but the name... Wasn't it already taken by a project that jnoller forked into multiprocessing? I mean, seriously, does no one google project names anymore? So my understanding is limited, and only applies to the US as far as i know, but it goes something like this: The power grid involves a few distinct parts -- generation, transmission, distribution. Distribution is the aspect most people ever deal with, its the "last mile" part. Generation is self explanitory, and transmission is the high voltage lines between the generators and the distribution. Some companies only do one aspect, some do 2 or all 3. The "deregulation" of the power market, was actually the creation a wholesale market of a commodity. This means that A generator operator in michigan can "sell" electricity to a utility in florida. In reality, the electrons never get transported that of course. The way the market works is -- Various generators place a bid on the market: x watts for y price/watt. An official, neutral party aggregates all the distribution loads, and does some fancy analysis, and puts out an official number -- how many watt of power the peak draw will be for that period. All bids are sorted, lowest price to highest price. Like this (very very fake nubmers): 5W $1/W 10W $2/W 3W $3/W In our example the peak draw is projected at 13W. Starting with the lowest bid and working up, the available power is used. in this case the first 2 bids. The highest bid under the line sets the price for power. So in this case power is sold at $2/W. This is the price for the whole market, it is what wholesale power costs to distribution companies for that period. The company that can provide 5W at $1/W makes a healthy profit. The expensive company doesnt make any money, their electricity is unused. The regulations keeping metering groups separate from the power market groups are there for market efficiency. First the generation only companies lose out. Second, if some companies had extra data, they could start playing with things, arranging for thier power bids to be raised/lowered in ways that are market inefficient. This enforces everyone to try to bid as low as possible to try to get their power sold at all. So to answer your question: no it sets up the stage for price gouging on the power market. the data is used intelligently for various long-term forecasting, efficency determinations, and for reporting to the markets, but the markets use the data intelligently for setting loads. Note, the data reported to the market by a utility is in effect statistical prediction, but the people who determine bid price for electricity never see this data. (people means algorithms here too). I'm pretty free-market, but these regulations make sense, in the same way that insider trading regulations make sense, and regulation against monopolistic competition. If it is not clear they are the same thing, it is more likely my explanation than the alternative. I hope that was a funny joke and not a sad truth... :) IME git configuration on a decent host is pretty trivial. Just do it over ssh not http. Its a little bit of effort to set up, but not really. If you want the fancy web fontend, things are a bit different, and I can't offer experience there. They could have followed the processing.js style and named it processing.py I don't know about the religious thing -- other than it is important to people -- but: I can see how people get attached to thier tools. We make our living from wielding and manipulating those tools. Further, there is this wierd western culture thing of "you are what you do", meaning if I do android development, I AM an android developer. This attaches identity to tool choice. Furhter, there is a certain passion for doing well with ourselves in the geek communities. Combining all that, if you insult the tool, it is no different than insulting the people. I don't really agree with this being a good idea, just observing the things in play that seem related to reactions. Similarly see how old scientists react to their theorys being overturned (most observable in soft sciences, where data is more interpretable/has more confounding variables). Maybe it was a secret shopper organization :) The regulated monopolies are on the distribution end, not on the generation end. The generation end is hour- (and day-) ahead markets. The data in question -- metering data in this discussion, is enough to do price fixing. Those utilities with distribution divisions gain enough of an edge over those who don't to gouge consumers and go all monopolistic competition on thier competitors at the same time. Both of which are actions that break market efficiency. As for other commodity markets, im not super familiar with them, but I know in general price fixing and insider trading is illegal -- for good reason. Also an interesting observation on electricity is that it is far more "ideal" than a lot of commodities, in that there is absolutely no way to distinguish between generator A electricity and generator B electricity (unlike say... corn). There is also not nearly the consideration about movement involved -- Put it on the wire and the whole system adjusts accordingly (this is a physics thing more than a "good system" thing (mostly, but the system is good too)). You should have done A/B testing and also submitted this poll under the title: "Sensationalist titles killing hacker news". I bet you would learn a lot there... :P Also for python is pyevent, which works pretty well. I have used it to much success -- some people don't like the minimalist style. Also, the maintainer only updates sporadically, but I've never had real problems with it. http://code.google.com/p/pyevent/ So, we now have the credit infrastructure widely disbursed. In fact, it is so in place that we now give out credit cards (well debits... but functionally the same thing) instead of checks for gifts, rebates, refunds etc. The presence of different types of accounts: credit, checking, savings, etc. backing these cards further indicates the expensive bits of infrastructure are wired togeher. A while ago people developed cryptographically secure e-cash systems. Why oh why can't we just combine them together now? Sophisticated fraud protection is already very good, and can still apply, meaning we don't need perfect crypto. Good e-cash systems for in-store credit would allow the tracking of who frauded someone. The general concept would allow for secure online transactions. Fraud would be easier to track down. Conversions to real cash, as well as natural pooling places such as banks would allow for mixing the units, such that the privacy folks don't have much to worry about, not much more than currently anyway. What am I missing for such to occur? Cool service! Too bad my power company hung up on lucyphone instead of doing whatever is needed for me to get a callback. How is monetization planned? Targeted ads based on who is being called? Selling lucyphone service to companies to manage wait queues? All of the above? On a related vein, why doesn't any company sell an asterisk add on that says "your menu choices have been noted.You will now be put on hold A csr will be w/ you in approximately X minutes. Alternatively our csr will call you back at $calling-number as in that same time frame -- press foo" edit: if they do, how come no big companies buy such a thing? doesn't the cost of callback get absorbed by the reduction in idling "wait queue" lines? Isn't this an apples/oranges thing? Can we really compare mental illness as defined/understood today with the 1930's? Back then psychology was in its infancy. Wouldn't it make more sense that back then they just didn't know as much, therefore didn't attach defects to kids as readily? tl;dr -- this reeks of sensationalism and junk science. Obviously the situations are different -- vastly so. First of all, safari doesn't sound like the name of a scary anti social networking site, it sounds like an adventure instead! Second, since apple can do no wrong (in its own mind), porn in safari must be a hack, and probably violates TOS and warranty. Edit: forgot the :P, but it is a joke Indeed -- it was a mocking reply to a snarky article. Unfortunately it seems inventing absurd positions to justify someone else's behaviour is a form of humor lost on people here. I can accept that, but why not stop at -1? Why keep downvoting -- unfunny joke does not need to be beaten down the same way racist troll does. "Who will do to the 50 inch screen what the iPhone did to the 3 inch screen?" The first service to offer a-la-cart programming over ip, in an open format. Recorded tv, on demand is nice, I am a huge fan. It is a wonderful format for things like series I know I like. But sometimes, I just want to be fed my entertainment. Sometimes I want to learn about/find new things. Some combination of these is what the TV industry is currently good at. Also for live sports. If uverse allowed me to select channels individually, or in very small groups (eg mtv package, or possible a bundle of mtv, vh1 and cmt) I would have 70% fewer channels. For everything else I would not mind paying direct for shows. If someone can successfully pull this off they will be very, very wealthy. There are many hurdles tho, and more than one chicken/egg situation. However, if it can be done... I'm a fanboi of a non-existent company :). I totally agree, I'm suggesting that the other end is where the revolution needs to happen. Currently all content is provided in a way that is absurd. The standard model is 'you will watch our playlist', instead of "we provide a good, themed playlist service but out of individually purchasable contents". I think that someone will finally do ala-carte, with a serious on-demand backing and things will change drastically. There is already a start here, with hulu et al being more popular than "experts" thought it would be. Doesn't callback do a similar thing. Most people wouldn't mind a longer wait if it wasn't "on-hold" time. The frustration usually has more to do with "holding wastes my time" not "they aren't answering now" I think this process could also open the door for more niche producers. They won't need to make the network happy, they just need to provide good enough content to profit. It could help get rid of sadnesses like "the learning channel" from becoming TLC -- reality tv that sometimes has a sciencey or sociological twist. Some content may be lost/locked up in a dinosaur's grave for a while, but hopefully that will become moot. I look at shows like Firefly -- any decent scifi really -- the masses aren't interested, people like me will only do on-demand (even if it is downloaded etc), and will buy merchandising. This can't work in most current network models. But in something like we are discussing, there is room for it be profitable -- maybe not insanely so -- but profitable nonetheless. This is why I think "good content" will flourish in such situations. People will still watch jersey shore, but people like me can get good content too. An interesting thing has been going on lately anyway -- there are a lot more 12 episode seasons. And a lot more summer seasons. Content producers are starting to experiment. The syfy show Sanctuary started out as with a "pay for webisodes" model. Things are starting to move in interesting ways already. So does PS3, and many Samsung Bluray players. My experience with both is: if you have a decent internet connection they work pretty well. Keep in mind that much of netflix content just isnt available in HD -- because it was never made as such. For this stuff it doesnt matter as much and is very nice. Im of 2 minds on this. 1. It may be our own fault -- A lot of things have known solutions, and if they aren't simple we haven't created good enough tools/abstractions. This doesn't apply to truely new stuff, but I could argue that a lot of stuff isn't that new. 2. Absolutely, but so often its like the old kung fu movies jokes. The chinese being spoken is 3 words, and the translation is 3 lines, and the inverse. It makes a naive sort of sense that it should be a simple to do if it can be described simply. (of course karma can be built by letting hte user over describe some things and having them done realtime, some are then more likely to beleive you if you say "its harder than it sounds") Im not arguing that point. Im arguing that untill Warner Bros, Fox, et al get around to releasing on blu-ray the only way to get that contet is dvd. Netflix is not in the biz of scannning film, so they are stuck with what they are given. Most of that is DVDs Ohhh good book. Im a big fan of the notion of MMO as spygame -- it just makes so much sense. True plausible denyability ftw. Yeah, I see that now. At the time I posted I was operating under incorrect assumptions and info. A lot do. A quick look at my "projects" folder shows 12 different projects. My snippets and quickies and tests folders have hundreds of files. Various accounts at github, googlecode, etc contain more projects publicly available. The src folders of various machines contain projects for work, or OSS projects with code I've modified for experimenting. This is the result of many years of coding, prolly the last 15 or so. It should be noted that almost all of them are in some state of abandonment. All of them are incomplete. Most don't even work to their intended purpose, they just exist as attempts to understand various concepts. I do not consider myself atypical in this. Most coders I know, at least those who are passionate about their work, are similar. No matter where you stand on the "hackers and painters" thing, it should be acknowledged that in this respect both are similar. Most painters have hundreds of test canvasses lying around, with stuff that will never be seen by the world -- it is how they hone thier skills. I think "nerd-dom" in general has lots of people like this. The arduino crowd all have lots of toys. The steampunk kids are the same. Looking over to the nerdier bits of shop class is not much different -- seems like everyone makes a paintball tank these days (and to get to that level usually is by route of a shop full of failed experiments, potato cannons, a home-made scooter, and so on) You seem to be opposing open source software to "interesting work" -- which in some feilds such an opposition holds truth. In others all the interesting work is open source. As for the post -- the question asked if everyone had a such a large list of pet projects. Your answer seems to be yes too. Sure you dont publish it, but you try to do new projects and methods at work -- pet projects are pet projects, whether at work or home. Also, keeping around "throwaway" code has helped me more than not -- I can find some half remembered example and be using the concept way quicker than trying to come up with it again. I have found it is easier to do it the other way -- I'm interested in X. I'll start doing it. Money will follow. And more interesting job offers. We could also stop treating mobile devices with internet connections as something fundamentally different than little computers. The app store is OK, but really, why not have an official store, and the ability to add external repos too. I call this the debian model, as thats how debian and the *buntus have done it forever. Im not against a place to charge, I'm against an artificial central authority controlling the content. Oh man. I've been noticing this divide for a long time now. Im a sorta-lock person. Im not opposed to locking stuff, but I don't go out of my way for it. I used to lock much less, when I had roomates -- convenience really. I don't lock up my bike either, when I'm at the coffee shop or bakery or whatever anyway. My garage is never locked. I live in a "bad" neighborhood and have yet to be robbed. Some say it is only a matter of time, but statistically this is unlikely. This area seems to contain the best anecdotal evidence for something like karma too. Seems those who are most fearful, and super lock everything also get robbed a lot. Those who don't worry about it don't get robbed as often. Anyway I think its funny that the people who are afraid of robberies and "double lock" and "tripple lock" talk about how its "inevitable" they will get robbed, and that it makes "common sense" that the extra locking is required. Of course if that was so true, the number of "no-locks" reporting 0 robberies would be way fewer. Seems that there is a huge amount of fear manipulation happening in the lock industry. Another intersting "it doesn't work that way" thing I have noticed: when the drug dealers moved in about a block away, shady activities and late night noise decreased. Seems that they don't want attention drawn to themselves, so they are good neighbors. Their clients all seem to know better than to linger in the area too. This of course goes against conventional wisdom of "there goes the neighborhood". Edit: That should be: "other shady actvities..." I think that there is an intersting divide here, that meshes nicely to "lock/no-lock", which is mostly attitude/fear based. The no-lock is: "meh, its not worth worrying that much about" and the lock is: "i must lock my doors, im afraid of being robbed". Personally I feel locking is partly a totemic ritual, involving more magical thinking than people are willing to admit about it. Seriously ask people why they lock the doors when they have a giant window right next to it, and they say "its safer" and "it keeps out the burglars". Point out the window, and they say "it just works ok". Replace your statement with "Why is (heavy metal|electronic|rap) subject to copyright when they are indistinguishable to anyone but the 'artist'". They are still distinguishable and agreed upon to be different. Fair enough. In the places I have lived (a fairly affluent suburb of Chiacago, and a college town in the middle of nowhere), the hysterical response is very common, probably because there is no practical side to it -- people who want in will break in anyway and mostly everyone else keeps out. Sure there is the occasional drunk college kid who is somehow lost and crashes on the wrong couch, but they are mostly harmless, and very appreciative when you don't call the cops. Im not so sure: a crappy easily broken lock suggests more value than unlocked. Further question: are your people who don't lock stuff constantly being ripped off? I think the parent's statement is different. It has less to do with "your own" class warfare, than it does with simple cost benefit analysis. In your own neighborhood: everyone can know you are a theif, but since you don't steal from them or their friends, they don't really care as much, and so, don't report you. In your own neighborhood chances of a witness recognizing you goes way up. Even thieves have friends, and they don't want to rob from them. There are a few more I'm forgetting probably. It's a bit trickier than that. Ignorance is not a defense to prove innocence. Essentially this is on tautological grounds: I did not know it was illegal to do X. X was done, by you, therefore you are guilty of X. Knowledge of the law carries no weight when arguing fact. However, when it comes to repercussions: ignorance can be used toward motive: "I would not have done it if i thought it was illegal", should probably be punished less than "So what, it is illegal, I will do it anyway". Manipulation of such sentiments is out of the scope of my statement. "Federal funds are often disbursed to researchers. What is disturbing here is that Economic Stimulus funds were spent on a climate researcher who was already employed. There's no stimulation in this "stimulus"." Sure that guy was employed. But assuming his corner of academia works like the rest of academia there are a lot of other people who are now not unemployed. See researchers (Ph.D's) are more like project managers. They hire grad students, interns, staff, etc to do the actual work. The phds just just supervise, put their names on papers, etc. Now, when this grant was awarded the researcher probably had a secure job. All the people I just mentioned however, were subject to cutbacks. Further depending on specifics, a job or two may have been created. For a similar thing I know of first hand, we were awarded a grant out of stimulus money. I got to keep my job. Several grad students got to keep their appointments (and not require student loans). We may be hiring a staff member or two. The official PI (principle investigators) on the grant all have tenure. I don't know how you count "works", but a job saved is about the same as creating a different job instead by my reckoning. A simple timeline would be nice. If for instance, funds were given to the shady guy before it was known he was shady... it is not the same type of scandal as if it was the other way around. Edit: I decided to look into this situataion. Here is the basic timeline: 0. Climate researcher becomes athority on "global warming", the science is assumed OK by most scientists. (This turns out to be false but this is not yet known) 1. June 2009: Grant awarded to climate researcher in good standing. 2. November 2009: Climategate hack occurs 3. December 2009: Climategate scandle breaks 4. January 2010: Somehow mass hysteria breaks out over #1 alleging the funds were awarded in spite of revelations from #2 and #3. Seems to me there is a deliberate attempt to confuse the order of events. Or worse, accuse the people in charge of being active conspirators in the climategate thing. I had a similar train of thought, but in a slightly causality ordering: Places like google have a high potential for a high payout, and they know it. Therefore the cybersecurity is higher, requiring a better caliber of criminal. By all means get them to be moe specific! I had this float through my head: Fade in: Boom zoom over a bedroom set. Cameramen etc are doing their thing. Robed actors are chilling, laughing in the background. Entering stage left REP (modestly dressed middle aged woman, dark business suit, style to evoke sara palin) carrying folder of important looking papers. Cut to camera 1: REP looks up, smiles REP: Hi, I'm here to tell you about the hard working people of hte adult film industry. Sure you know about the actors. cut to camera 2 on the actors chilling, laughing REP (in voiceover): And all of thier hard work cut to close up face shots of actors during hardcore scenes.. montage REP (still in voiceover): These men and women are people, who deserve your respect. Perhaps even your envy, who wouldn't want to be intimately involved with such beautiful people! end montage, cut to camera 1 REP: I know however, that lifestyle maynot be for everyone. It is a bit icky, gross even. I am instead talking about different people. The people in the back office. These are the men and women who keep the servers up, and manage sales. They are normal folks, just like you. They are the lifeblood of the internet. begin montage of faces of smiling regular employees. Include first name and vague job description/dept REP (in voiceover): When you try to look at porn at 2am, do you know who is making it stream at peak hours? Howabout when your credit card is discreetly billed to a non-descript entity? Yep thats Debby, she is our "Cheif fake company expert". And don't forget larry, who spends half the year away from his wife and kids, in the cold russian winter, just to wrangle russian cam girls. * Cut back to camera 1* REP: Yes folks, the Adult industry in america is more than just sticky booths and shady old men. We aren't just coked up beautiful people who couldnt make it as real actors. We are normal people just like you. Next time you talk to bob the accountant at the block party, try and remember if you know his company -- he may be working at an adult store. cut to bumper... brought to you by the national porn council END Im just saying: captaincrunch-- dont end up in that montage, particularly if there is a PTA at your kids school. Good security is multi-layered. Just because they relied on an old trick to get their foot in the door, doesnt mean they have bad security inside or at more sensitive parts. Here's who suffers for Abe Lincoln's stand on principles: It's great that he wants to end the institution of slavery and all, but it isn't so clear cut as it sounds. Heres who loses: - poor farmers who can barely afford to work the fields with free labor - slave ship owners - a select few tribes on africa's west coast - anyone who likes cheap cotton or tobacco NOTE: I am aware that my response is a bit over-the-top, I'm using absurdity to point out the problem I see with the argument, not saying that businessinsider.com is endorsing slavery. wtf? Is that page supposed to be in angry looking chinese? A lot of people are similarly confused by my biking when I tell them I don't have a car, and that I decided to use the money for down payment on a house instead. Typically they think I'm talking about living at the very edge of my income or something. They offer to help me figure out how to save better and get all pissy when I tell them I have enough cash saved up now to buy a new car, I just am waiting for one I like to come along. I get a lot of "you're so brave to ride all the way to work!" (2 miles on back streets and one major road to cross. Aside from that road I'll maybe see 2 cars the whole trip). I ride similarly for errands etc. I have noticed such a similar reaction from drivers. I live in a college town, and most drivers are pretty OK with cyclists -- there is the occasional "use the sidewalk" or close pass w/ horn, but mostly cool people. This past month, since the snows have gotten all wintery, I have also noticed increased agression. I think the cause here may be surprise -- drivers are already nervous about the crappy road conditions, and they can't fathom how a bike is even ridable in winter. They view my riding as extra dangerous (both to me and them) and their stress level increases even more. Such a thing frequently comes out sideways as anger/agression. This sometimes bites me.. I find myself frustrated when I am repeating myself. I'm usually thinking, "but I said that like 2 minutes ago wtf". Nice explaination. I swear I have been reading a variation on this article every other year or so for the last decade. It's almost like the old 'bsd is dying' joke. All the cool kids were on kur5hin :P I don't know why people keep voting this guy down. Just because you could go to the gate in the US doesn't mean it was true everywhere. My dad travelled internationally a lot for work and frequently mentioned how much tighter airport security was in a lot of places. I used to go with that, then I found zenburn. When I go with desert (forgot to download zenburn to a laptop... ) I have to darken bgcolor. I've always found that if I can forsee an obvious feature or set of functionality that could be useful, to go ahead and either just implement it, or make my low-level functions capable of supporting that from the get-go. Doubly so if the difference in effort is a day or less. I sometimes call this the miracle worker principle. Some bosses dislike you doing things beyond what they say, so you can't tell them when you are following this principle. In 6 months, when they get around to "coming up with the next great idea", you can flip the metaphorical switch, and have their functionality in mere moments. You look like a miracle worker :). I don't know that is true in all cases. For instance, if I were to pirate "ultimate programming reference book", yes what you say is true, i get far more value than borrowing it. On the other hand, if it is a novel I will read exactly 1 time, the difference in value transmitted is negligable. I think that the current set of filesystem ops is a nice base. The "everything is a sequence of bytes" actually works very well given the access methods on a low level. However I think there are two separate things that need some serious addressing. First is lack of metadata intrinsic to the system. A lot of filesystems have such capability, but there are no standard APIs to access it. I think that if a standards body (cough POSIX cough) were to distill out a minimum set of searchable metadata functionality, a lot of fun could arise. The other part is the file metaphor itself. This leads to a lot of focus on moving, and putting, and copying. There is a largely under-utilized bit -- linking. We tend to associate filesystem trees with their paper counterparts, hence the above focus. However, with ln, you can create multiple hierarchies for the same set of files, organizing them different ways. Similarly this doesn't allow for easy reasoning about things like unionfs. All that being said, I don't thing this calls for a removal of the stream of bytes notion of files, in the end, such a thing pretty necessary. A good api/file format on top of the stream of bytes solves the problem just as well. Comments which you disagree with, are factually wrong, or are refuting your point, provided they are relevant to the discussion. My reasoning here is that these types of comments provide discussion points, which is why this sort of linksite exists. upvote == agreement can lead to boring groupthink, instead of interesting and informative communities. You are not alone in this. Whenever I fly, train, or passenger around I expect to get some coding done on various backburner projects, and inevitably I run into a "crap i need to look up x" within 20 minutes. I suspect there is also a large component of "my own place" that you cant get from a cheap motel. Such a comfort is a big deal. My sister is on USS Bataan -- there are many reporters who hitched a ride on that ship. Apparently they are hogging the internet connection so I don't get nearly as many "inside scoop" updates as I would like. I don't get it. I've had that at several living places. The one closest to the sink is the disposal, the others are lights. A not uncommon scenario: There is data X, as the result of some experiment. Researches in group 1 say X implies A and B, researchers in group 2 say X implies A and C, and researchers in group 3 say X implies Q then A. They all propose different sets of experiments to further understand the phenomenon, they all write different papers, etc. Yet we can say there is consensus about implication A. Even if some data Y comes along (at a later point) completely disproving A, consensus on A (currently) drives further research. For example: the ether, higgs particle, various cutting edge medical stuff. My point here is they aren't voting on what is true so much as agreeing on the most likely scenario given the evidence and deciding how to further persue investigation. Why so much engineering? A footpedal introduces an element of accidental turning on why the hands are dangerously close to the blades. How about instead a labelmaker? Or a convention, say red switches mean garbage disposal, closest to the sink, etc. Mostly I think a big point here is why everyone thinks of the residential power switches as strictly for lights? The are other things I turn on with "light-switches". These include: ceiling fans, wall sockets, vent fans and all power to my garage. I have never thought of this as unexpected, and no guest at my house has ever complained that I should take the fans off of 'lights only' switches. I don't understand your point. If you want purely technical training, go to IIT or ITT or MIT. Universities exist to give well rounded education. The paper linked in the article is gem. So let us look at just what you can fit into a 32 bit floating number. I know you can do reals in other ways, with arbitrary precision libraries, but the point is still the same. Anyway, the 32bit float. The fact that I have a limited amount of precision, means that errors exist as a result of truncation and rounding. For details search google (the main reason for my float example). The cumulative effects of these can be large enough be represented within the given amount of precision. Since we now have a proof that those numbers are innumerably many, we should develop techniques to deal with it, rather than just add precision. 1) On the surface I agree. However, the collections agencies must do this math themselves, and decide that n settlement tradeoffs is still profitable on the whole. Further they have probably done the math saying "if I let my employees break the law in X way, ill have $Y in extra collections, and $Z settlements/suits for breaking the law". Then it is a matter of maximizing $Y - $Z. In that respect I am in favor of more people filing suit -- there is no reason for a company to go beyond what has been deemed appropriate for debt collection. Such laws were in place when the debt was incurred (risk was taken), and when it was traded, they should be reflected in the "debt transfer" price and the initial risk interest rate. 2) Plenty of people had high credit limits. Then, because some bankers screwed up the economy, were let go of their jobs. At this point they had no incoming cash, and plenty of credit. How do you propose they take care of their necessities if not the credit cards? Not saying this is every case, just proposing that sometimes debt isn't over luxuries. Do kids prosecuted and convicted under these laws have to register as sex offenders? If so... that is just awful. I mean, official reprimands, even going to court over something racy is not cool, but a lifelong stigma over something mostly harmless? Also wouldn't that reduce the meaningfulness of the sex offender registry when a large portion of the people are 'just on it cuz I got caught having sex when I was 17'. Thanks for the links! (also, thanks for the link to the parent post) Well, other than the occasional pregnancy. :P It does bring up the question: did anyone ever get prosecuted for underage sex based on a pregnancy? I mean, there isn't much better evidence of said sex... It was always a dream of mine to have a little company that designed small gadgets, party favor type toys, doodads and so on. The problem comes down to tooling. It would be much more fun to just send off a cad file to some place and set up a contract with some logistics company, and bam! New product. A similar idea, and its ramifications, is the central theme of Cory Doctrow's newest work: Makers. That and the asynchronous nature of exchange -- i hate blocking on you formulating an answer, and all the rediculous connection setup/teardown required. A further instance of the type of behaviour you discuss: There has been more than a few times where there "just happened to be a new OSS project" or "new patch to $FOO" covering the use cases my bosses were talking about. Without such behaviour by me and mine, we would find ourselves re-implementing perfectly good OSS projects for one little change all the time. Also, academics are frequently "paid to play" in essence, so the contributions from them should prolly count. I think it is more of a response to "linux is a hobbyist OS". If 75% of the people who get paid to work on it are doing so for money, that would refute certain toy-based arguments. Where's the "I'm waiting for a decent android tablet" option? Thank you. I am aware of which current option is closest to my choice. I was not really referring to that tho. The poll question is a yes/no question, and all the answers are either No, or the answer to an implied "which iPad?" question. I was hoping maybe to get an option to say no, and to answer an implied "why not?" at the same time. Seems more balanced that way. I think this comment area could equally well be used for telling which iPad one would be buying. So by asking for a poll option I not only specify what I intend to do, I also meta comment on the strange implied answer/question part of the poll. Edit: I would not really have this problem if the question was 'Which iPad will you be buying?' since that is the question most of the choices answer. The "No option" could then morph into "I won't be", or could be omitted entirely, as not voting is the same as "I won't be". One of the really nice things about 0mq is that it takes care of all the annoying bits, without doing too much to your "networking model". By way of example: I was at the middlware2009 conference, and I was implementing algorithms that presenters and their papers discussed, and doing it very quickly because of 0mq. Basically hundreds of lines of code about 'crap i need to send that to x,y and z' went away. Lots of other little details like that went away too -- sockets without the mess. On the other end, I did not have to try and rework various algroithms in terms of overt pub/sub channels, or message queue parameters. It is a good product. Look into the DDS protocol -- various implementations exist, and many of the features you want are available. I believe the open source implementation is called OpenSplice Im not sure where you get your info, on the dev list 0mq, zmq (and zmq_$COMPONENT) and zeromq are pretty evenly distrbuted... (edit: yoru -> your) I may be missing something, but I read this article and think that this guy's points of "bad" are the same reasons to get into android. Smaller market == better chance to be recognized as important when it takes off. Less apps currently == More likely to not have direct competition. I understand a huge point of the article is that network effects will make the iphone win, but I suspect that popularity will prove to be a fickle mistress (so to speak) and suddenly one day you will look up and see that millions of android phones exist. Not millions of one brand, but millions in aggregate. That will be the key. beanstalkd is not really a message queue, its a job queue. I understand that job vs message can get into semantic nonsense, but in essence a message queue can and will send any given message to n people. A job queue will only send it to the first requester. Redis does kick butt, but a k/v store is not the same as a broacast (or 1toMany, or many to one) meassage store, is not the same as a 'give me the next job' (1toAny) server either. So... this guy is angry at people who like to spend time tinkering instead of something else? This time tho, I demand that all R&D funded by such contracts results in non-patentable tech. My tax dollars buy the research, I'll access my results. I was a big fan of the: lazy python programmer, lazier python programmer, and python expert programmer series. Having been through that series, and watched many others go through it themselves, I find it to be the best HAHA-only-serious bit in there. I'm not sure what it is, but at some point every pythonista seems to go through this love affair with functools + itertols + roll your own haskellish modules. I know your question is a joke, but it is frequently asked in seriousness, so: No. Not at this granularity. Otherwise the python community would still be using plone, and Django would not exist. Or there would be only blocking (or non-blocking) io. And so on. I remember that the "Real World Haskell" was one of the first books sold-out at the OReilly booth at Pycon 2009, if you want more supporting (anecdotal) evidence. Web 2.0 programmer: import urllib import json def fact(n): res = urllib.urlopen('http://math.org/factorial/?' + urllib.urlencode({'n':n, 'format':'json'})).read() return json.loads(res)['answer'] fact(6) Edit: for a "web scale systems guy" throw an @memcache_memoize in there :) Edit2: fixed a syntax error. Edit3: general cased it. thanks lolcraft! I spent many hours yesterday troubleshooting a router. Turns out the router was configged perfect. My network_setup target for my fabric scripts however... lets just say I was setting up a route to a /24 network via the router in question instead of the /21 I needed (silly typo). Moral the story: networking is just shorthand for "bugs may not exist where it would be logical to expect them". More of a scotty principle type thing: when management comes by and wants to us to figure out combinations of 7 things, we can claim it will take 5 days, get it done in a 1 char fix, play games all week. Come monday morning's meeting, don't drink coffee before hand (to look tired), and claim that for a little extra work (and a looong weekend) you got it to work for combinations of ANY NUMBER of things! Worse that happens: you get credit for taking one for the team, best case: "take the week off, thanks for your heroics!" There are a few /very/ hacky @tailcall decorators floating around the web. In some cases they actually speed things up some small amount. A year or two ago there was a bug furor over bytecode hacking -- such things were the result :) Unfortunately most of the 'best-case' type things I mention are highly unrealistic. I'll let you know if I do hear something tho. :) Popularity is relative -- in this case you must compare OCaml to other forms of ML, in which case the popularity is obvious :) There are a couple assertions in here that I fundamentally disagree with: 1. Magic is something you don't understand. I disagree. I get recursion. It is pretty simple. Yet it is elegent and subtle. I think of it as having a deep underlying magic due to the power it provides via simplicity. It gives the impression that there is more going on than there is, that using a recursive algo is touching on a fundamental rule of existence. 2. Magic is just a leaky abstraction that breaks down at some point. (it doesn't scale linearly) Everything is leaky abstractions. Seriously, everything. I'm learning about electronics right now. Capacitors in real life are very different than the ones I learned about in physics E&M. Of course if I assume that I will be operating w/in sane limits of the components I choose, the leaky physics abstraction is just fine. This example was specifically chosen because on top of it is built a pile of leaky abstractions as well, one path of which can end in data structure (oh no! leaky abstractions). Just because an abstraction is leaky (magic) doesn't mean it is not useful in certain places. Particularly in the "it used to be so much better when it was easier" style politics. If it really was so good why did we change it? Also true in the parts of politics where you hear complaints of conspiracy and/or ivory towers. I can't help but wonder if this "discovery" and cognitive fluency theory doesn't sound so great and obvious because it is so simple. :P Doesn't a direct link cost more bandwidth? In which case does the one google ad on your site make the difference in cost/income? Further, does the ajaxian style hotlinking -- full credit and source link provided, constitute the same think most people think of for hotlinking (no credit, just images from someone else's site...). I tried to read it like that, but the part where his screenshot of the rickrolling, which includes the whole ajaxian post, has attribution to him, as well as a direct link to his site. Im not sure how that is not exposure/fame. This is the sentence in which I ask a question taking the incindiary post at face value. This sentence is a common-sense answer to my question, starting with "it seems that". This is the sentence in which I suggest that maybe conventional wisdom is correct. This sentence states a fact to support my suggestion. This sentence attacks the blog for fallacious reasoning. This one points out the [strawman|false dilemma| other]. This sentence suggests that if the central argument is based on a fallacious point, the whole thing could be wrong. This is the sentence where I backpedal a bit and declare fallacious reasoning is not strictly indicative of an incorrect conclusion. Edit: This is the edit where I poke fun at mistakes in my hastily typed response above. Corporations aren't natural born, and therefore can never be president. Although if we repeal the natural born requirement we can finally see Arnold run against Cyberdyne (and this time its for the presidency!...). First of all, the whole point of the company doing this is that coporations are persons according to the law. I know nothing of citizenship of corporations. Second, I was replying to the poster talking about presidency, not to the company's bid for congress. The relevant bits for president are No person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President; The specific word being natural. The basis for corporations being granted personhood the same as a human being is the lack of the word natural in the relevant bits of the US constitution. Unfortunatly in this specific case, no, because as another person pointed out, the corporation in question is not yet 25 years old. The real question will be deferred until a corporation which meets all other requirements runs. Corporations are legal persons . This is not the same a human beings which are natural persons . The defining issues in corporate law came from the anti-slavery amendments to the US constitution. All hinged around the usage of the term natural person vs the term person . Edit: this means that the generic person covers both natural persons and legal persons I strongly dissagree with your "[its] just SPEECH" notion. First off, who is a corporation? Seriously, who? Employees? Investors? Board? When the corporation speaks do they speak on behalf of all of the Who or just a minority? Next, a corporation is an entity with limited liability, it is a way to protect people from getting in trouble for whatever. Why should such an entity have equal rights to speech (or anything for that matter)? I would think with limited liability comes limited rights. To put it another way: if corporations get to do the same exact stuff as people on the one side, they should get the same penalties and limitations on the other. Finally as a shareholder, I am in it because I think that there is good business. I don't want that business to become illegal or over-regulated, and as such I will support the appropriate government moves on my own. I don't want to worry about whether or not the company I have stock in supports/opposes my views on gun-control or roe v wade or whatever. I am in it for a limited purpose, the buying and selling of various widgets and services. Not for a political stance. In fact I would like as much separation from my money and politics as possible, same as politics and religion are separate. I think it is significant for the exact same reason. Part of the article was about how computing courses focus on software use. Ask a 12yo about what is math? The answer will focus around doing problems, not creating solutions that are logically sound, nor mention of solving proofs. Ask that 12yo about about science and it is about science and it is about boring fact memorization, not a process for discovering how the world works. There is something wrong somewhere, but I honestly am not sure what. Ahh, that makes sense. I was misreading it as "this is the nature of a 12-year old". It seems the more I talk to people who study education and teaching methods, the more I realize the whole thing is kinda screwed. Whenever you hear someone talking about what the "real problem" is, they are at least partially right. Most things people bring up as problems have data to back them up, even seemingly contradictory methods have promising data for both sides. Such a thing suggests we haven't a clue what is actually happening, and are still fumbling for a baseline to ask questions about. So, number of jobs is the only variable that matters? Compare the lifestyles of the 7900 old-style weavers to those of the textile factory workers. Who lived longer on average? Who ate better? Who had time for family? Strictly in terms of money: what was the wage of a spinner and what was the wage of a textile worker? I'm not saying that machines are bad, I'm saying this argument leaves out an awful lot of info -- unless you take on faith that more jobs == better. Another fun realization: Neither side's collection of opinions makes any sense. Both from a compositional view (e.g. small government is good, spend more on crime and defense) an internal consistency view (e.g. we want to support free speech, so long as its not bad about certain groups). Note: parent edited while i was replying. This is in response to the first 2 lines. (who will maintain the robots) Well, first it can probably be assumed that there will be a few standard robot types. These will be cheaper to replace than to repair. One of the standard robots will be a replacer robot which can swap out all the standard robot types (including other replacer robots). I presume that the few standard type robots can themselves be assembled by robots. Then it is simply a matter of having two (or more) robotic factories with the necessary stuff to create a robotic factory. Should one factory fail, a robotic robot will become the number 1 manufacturing priority. Now since the robotic robot factories would become ideal targets for sabatuers and terrorists and the like, a better step would be for each robot to know how to create a robotic robot facotory built in. Then even if both robotic robot factories fail, they can team up with the nearest robots to create a new robotic robot factory. The article pretty obviously is written under the assumption that more jobs is better. I am challenging that assumption. I am not suggesting that the article does not show how more jobs are created. The fact remains unchanged that a bunch of people got the crap end of the automation stick. It is not unreasonable to think that maybe there was a better way to got about the automation that was both good for the people being displaced, and created a bunch of jobs? My previous questions were sort of aimed here, but when I wrote them I had not yet coherently formed this most recent question. If you read carefully, the more jobs situation was 40 years later. This means that at least for some time, unemployment was higher as a result of the automation. The thing to remember is that you can't mothball workers, you cant say "hey dont eat or live untill the job creation curve from this new tech catches back up, you'll be in demand again". So while the net effect of automation is more jobs, it still doesn't make the immediate (within a workers lifetime) impact necessarily better. Another thing the article mentions is a 4400% increase in the number of jobs. This is not population growth, (it is only 3 generations assuming child labor), so where did those people come from? Were they more skilled workers earning good wages replaced by automation? Were they unskilled workers whose previous jobs had been automated away (ditch diggers and the like)? In one case you have a net loss in liquidity in the hands of people, this is the net equivelant of lost jobs. In the other case you have a potential gain in liquidity. Once again, not making a case for or agains the automation, just discussing if the employment is equivelant. To use your analogy its not like me asking if we should continue with the rugby at all. It's more like me saying "Hey guys, I know that the mechanism is different, but can we also look at the fact that 100 more teams in the cup might dilute the quality of play?" Luck doesn't exist. It is essentially a magic enchantment that provides its recipient with an ability to gain a positive outcome of chance events at a frequency above those provided by normal probability. Sure, there are some people who will 'beat the odds' on a regular basis, probability provides for this, however more people report being lucky than the probability suggests as well. Further, luck has a social connotation roughly equivelent to fortunate, but when the term lucky is used there is a nod to vague supernatural forces controlling outcomes, a la the Fates. As such luck really cannot be isolated as a factor. Instead tho, people who claim to be lucky can easily be isolated. They can be studied for what makes them "lucky". In this case it seems to be at least somewhat correlated with openness to unexpected outcomes. I would hope so -- lucky is a magic property. Luck itself may be chance, but lucky is nonsense. You are 100% correct, yet upon reading this story my thought is not about that damn entitled kid. Instead I think "wow that is certainly an act of capriciousness that I would never wish to happen to me -- don't use tumblr". Just because something is within the rules, does not mean that something is a good practice. In this case I have learned that tumblr is willing to not honor a social norm on my behalf, which means I'll take my business elsewhere. Good point. In fact, I suspect we are saying the same thing, but lack some common language/terminology. More disturbing about that is this: I face serious consequences for all sorts of things, many of which I don't know are illegal. Some of those things I don't know the legalities of are related to my profession. Yet, while being tried, if I put up a "I didn't know it was illegal" defense, I would be laughed at, found guilty and fined/jailed/etc. Why do the school officials get out of liability for not knowing that their actions were illegal? They won't tell us that, because of privacy concerns :P Even worse actually. If the mandatory reporters at the school heard about this girl being strip searched by mom & dad for drugs, they would, without a second thought, report the parents to some authority. But when they do it in loco parentis the same behavior is OK? There is something not discussed here, that I rarely see come up anywhere. Many of the places where stimulus money is available kept workers, started new projects, and even hired workers on the assumption that they would get stimulus money, or on the promise of that money. The power industry is spending lots of money, and keeping lots of workers on, based on money that is not actually spent by the government yet. The power of the stimulus goes far beyond the number of dollars currently spent. For example see the large outlays lots of companies have put down on "Smart Grid" stuff. I am not an economist, nor am I an exec or anything so it is all observations but: 1. When we talk about joint academic/industry projects we talk about numbers of dollars on the order of 1M and 10M not 10K and 100K. 2. Lots of conversation from various people along the lines of "we just hired some guys to get ready for FOA-xx" or "we picked up some guys to integrate with the new NERC requirements" where FOA-xx describes one of the many stimulus grants -- at the time many had not been awarded. Now that they have been "awarded" many companies are hiring people to do the jobs. The contracts w/ the gov't still arent signed, so this money is not actually listed as spent yet. I am personally involved w/ a couple of these, this is how it works. 3. Industry meetings/conferences have gotten bigger in terms of # of attendees. Many of the people selling software are new entries to the market. As for: * Do you really think that the borrowed money wouldn't have created any jobs? * I have no idea what you are talking about. I never said anything about borrowed money. Which borrowed money? Sure more money may have created more jobs, but at least in the power sector, even when credit was good and easy there wasn't this level of interest and job creation. About your last statement I totally agree: money spent on something I don't like doesnt enter the economy, therefore cannot possibly be helping things. (actually thats unfair, you seem like the type susceptible to poe's law so heres a bit of help: that last sentence was sarcasm). Oh god! it burns! I'd have to work ! =P You are a fool. If you make a claim that demands proof by exhaustion, do not complain about that very fact when someone asks you to back it up. The only thing about your comparison that makes sense is the word "magic". I am not taking a position for or against factory farming or eating meat, just against the ridiculousness of comparing war to farming. First: the most efficient war killing methods are still very inefficient. This lies mostly in the fact that the other side consists of free-range actors, who are actively trying to kill and not themselves be killed. Second: Killing a person, for the purpose of making a point, is different than killing a person for food. Further killing a non-person for food is even more different. My species is more important to me than theirs. Third: The animals are domesticated, therefore are part of a symbiotic relationship in which they get to live fairly well, without so much worrying about getting to eat, breed etc, in exchange for being docile, and eaten at the end of the road. Death by bad slaughterhouse is less painful, less terrifying, and quicker than death by wolf. People are not on the eating/killing end of such an agreement. Finally: regardless of the ethics/morality of eating meat, appealing to emotion is still a logical fallacy. Your comparison is roughly the same as: "I cannot believe that there are 100K new porn vids (not including cam girls!) released every year. Its unconsciable. By comparison, the catholic church, the most efficient child raping organization ever[1], only managed a few hundred boys per year. Thats just 3 days of filming in just our country." [1] not a belief of mine personally, just a random "fact" like wwii being the most efficient at killing. Awesome plugin. A cursory inspection indicates that they are complimentary tho. For instance, you use sparkup to add reams of html. But if it turns out you need to wrap a few elements in a div, ragtag might be better (e.g. add the then navigate to wherever, and do the close). Unless of course sparkup ha that, and I haven't got there yet in the docs. I don't get it. The plumbers and electricians and other such people don't behave any different. Go to your nearest "working mans bar" or union hall or whatnot. You'll hear those guys joking about the same crap, the "diy"ers, and so on. It doesn't happen on a web page, but you can bet when they aren't face-to-face with the customer, they are mocking him. Never -- the companies that own the mainstream news are the same ones participating in the secret negotiations. Is there a lizard/Spock add-on yet? They aren't really conflicting. The middle-ground coms from recognizing things that really are your responsibility, while ignoring the parts that have nothing to do with you. Basically they are extremes to be avoided. Taking some criticism is probably a good idea -- it can be helpful. Similarly passing blame even when the problem is your fault is probably a bad idea. Say, for instance, you are on a project with a couple other developers. Your main responsibilities have been features a, b, and c. Further you noticed d and e were pretty messed up, and helped a junior developer start straightening them out. Some milestone is reached, and you have a code review with the senior dev (who is one of those arrogant guys who may be pretty good, but is also a condescending asshat). He says "your factoring on a,b, and c could be done this way instead, how could you not see something so simple. As for d and e you really screwed the pooch there". The extremes would be "Gosh i am stupid, I really messed up factoring and features, I need to work 80 hour weeks to make up for it" and "It was all junior dev's fault -- if only he didn't need help i could have factored right, and you wouldn't even think to talk to me about d and e." In reality (reconciling the two statements) a good approach would ignore the stupidity insinuation, acknowledge that the factoring could be better, and say "Listen d and e aren't even mine, I'm helping junior dev learn the ropes, so there are mistakes, but they're getting better, you should have seen it last week". Yes obviously spiraling military costs (aka security costs) had nothing to do with it. We should focus on stopping all infrastructure improvements, and all services and instead funnel that money to the Homeland Security and DoD. They only spend a few trillion a year. How do you get that from my statement? I never claimed capitalism is just military spending. Nor did I claim that communism did not fail. I was however reacting to your implication that some social programs are full on communism. It is pretty accepted that one of the major reasons for Soviet collapse was massive military spending (unsustainable...). You are suggesting that the way the US is moving recently will make us collapse just like the Soviets. You fail to mention the periodic and massive increase in military spending, which is not recent. This spending now constitutes a very very large portion of the US budget. I worry far more about the constant growth of that spending than about some new programs that cost and order of magnitude less. Can you expand on the moral superiority of a golden retriever vs a labrador or possibly a dalmation? This chart seems terribly confused. There is front- and back-end stuff, but not a single webserver is mentioned. Nor is fastcgi. They python track is almost completely about hte language, but eventually splits django, however there is no mention of zope or wsgi. Similarly perl is language specific, no mention of mason. Yet, there is a whole line about rails and not ruby, jsp and java. I understand but am not necessarily convinced about other full stack components as well -- maybe not the db stuff or memcache, but load blancers like varnish, bigip and so on. I ran into a similar problem this morning-- using python tho. There is an api with multiple decorators possible. One decorator has implications for the program execution model. Because python decorators take heavy advantage of closures, we run into a problem where external code cannot determine appropriate actions unless the decorator in question is the outermost decorator. This of course is an ugly requirement. Our ultimate solution was to create a global table about if the relevant bit of state applies to the function (based on __name__). Also an ugly hack, but keeps the api clean. :( I think the point of the article is this thinking. Really it's not them, its not the crap people being treated with respect (altho that does in fact chafe), its that I get bored. Seriously after a while it stops being a puzzle, its just work. Once I've "solved" it, I lose interest and start getting resentful of being forced to deal with it even more. This is what "its just that time to move again" is about. If a place could provide me with a new challenge, puzzle whatever, I'd stick around, but a lot of places that have good environments are small, and therefore one product shops. You know I never quite got that comma thing. For instance in python, the only reason it is necessary is because {"foo": "bar" "baz", 'k2':'v2'} is the same as {'foo':'barbaz', 'k2':'v2'}. Getting rid of auto-concatination allows for {'foo':'barbaz' 'k2':'v2'} which is pretty easy to parse base on tokens and ':'. It also eliminates a pretty common bug, in which there is kv pair per line, and the line ends with ',', except for the last line which does not have the ','. (The following line has a '}'). The common bug being adding a new kv pair and missing the ','. If you read his blog post backwards, wackjobs will start emailing you instructions. I was unable to understand "secure coding practices" (beyond buffer overflows and sql escaping anyway) until I started examining real exploits to understand them. Why do you assume that the OP wants only to break things? That makes no sense to me. A decent wheel costs $70 and of course good ones way more. A spoke costs a couple bucks (tops), so with a decent labor rate, the guy could charge you $35 for the repair. I bet you could find someone to fix it for you. I wonder if the shop owner stopped carrying repairs because customers are so used to the "disposable everything", that they just assume repair is alwas impossible, and anyone who offers to do it is some sort of scam artist. Of course, That seems to break the REST metaphor of nouns and verbs, at least it strains it. I mean sure, a noun of "transmogrifier" is fine, and if you put something in there, it can be reasonably expected to undergo transmogrification. However, just allowing a "change it" verb on a resource seems a bit more direct. This idea is called cognitive apprenticeship. A freind of mine will be getting her Ph.D. soon, based on research into this in the realm of physics education. Apparently over there it works very well. One of the big problems with teaching/learning in general is that "experts" (defined as those who know the subject matter well) don't know how to think like n00bs. Seriously -- once you know something fairly well it becomes "simple" because you've gone ahead and rewired your brain. It actually becomes difficult to understand why the n00b just doesn't get it. Cognitive apprenticeship solves this much like you are describing. The basic idea is that the sophmores will be able to better help the freshmen than the teacher will, because the sophmores are better able to remember their own struggles than the teacher is. Basically, the sophmores are in a state where they understand it the "good way" and also still understand the "wrong way". This puts them in a pretty good position to help. No, i need two commands, ls -l and svn st to find out if a file is modified and what its perms are. Its like saying "there is no need for ack, as i can construct the same results from find, grep, and xargs." While it is doable, common cases warrant simplified tools so why not create them? One really really annoying thing about this: pressing return in "normal" or "insert" modes executes the command. That behaviour just doesn't feel right. They don't -- they work with the local ssh command. Its just that ssh when invoked with a "command argument" runs that command instead of a shell, with the stdin and stdout being run through the network. The end result is similar to what you said, but the mechanism is different, the pipe itself is strictly a local construct. Well, Enter in normal mode in vi puts the cursor on the next line, at the first non-whitespace character. I would like enter in "normal mode bash" to do the same. I would also like to scroll up (j) and see the previous command as i left it (i.e. if modified, show them). I'm sure this is doable. Better still would be to create a few population centers of this density but slightly smaller. say 9 of them, 33x33. This would allow for redundancy of civilization (in case of disaster and whatnot). It also would allow better access to the appropriate resources (which is frequently a major motivator in which cities are successful). It still reduces the number of transport corridors, so trains an such become viable. The problem comes for people like me: I enjoy my small city experience. I live a short walk from downtown, but have a house w/ yard (and a big garden), and a garage/workshop (mostly workshop as I don't actually have a car). Such space uses are unrealistic as density goes up. I would like to add to the author's realization -- Frequently, if you look at code you were "going to do better", and compare it to the original code, you'll find you arrived at the same basic architecture, no actual improvements or major differences. Also, there is a disturbing bit on the labels of the graphs: the word everyday. Even if I used my computer for homework a lot, it is feasible I don't have homework to do everyday, but there are always games.... kraftwerk seems to have a different use-case than fabric. There is some overlap, but they are different tools for different jobs. Of course this article pretty much hits the overlap right on the head... Well this is just absurd. I bought my PS3 in a large part to support this open(ish) hardware notion amongst console makers. What a lot of good that did. It probably has something to do with where to point the thing during re-entry. The shuttle would need to be able to land on different days in case something went wrong. Actually, the date stuff is probably used for all sorts of orbital calculations. Nah, ill just buy a media center pc and put boxee or something on it. I don't play a lot of games, in fact, one of the motivators for buying the PS3 was to see if I would be interested in more gaming on newer systems. Turns out I'm still not much of a gamer. Wait, which dark side? (or possibly, what is the light side?) Both vim and emacs have buffers, including special ones... I typically have a backlog of things I would like to do. When I go to conferences, or have boring meetings where I only need half an ear to the proceedings, or whatever, I do those things. Usually they are toys or side projects and what-have-you. They are usually doable in some form that 'I've been meaning to learn'. They are usually fairly easy as well. Then I just combine all the above factors. If I want to learn some new vim thing, (or generators or ...) I do the extra task (which is easy) with a focus on using what I'm trying to learn. It doesn't always take, nor do I expect it to. Even if I get just one small technique to "stick" and become regularly used, I do this enough that I fairly rapidly gain new skills and tools. HTH There are some problems with this. First, it assumes you know up front the best way to solve the problem. Second, it assumes that the problem doesn't ever change. Third, it completely ignores a suprisingly common issue: the tradeoff. By this I mean: sometimes modularity/flexibility in one area requires being unflexible in another. Guessing wrong requires a big refactor. There are good arguments for both -- sometimes you just have to do one and find out if you were right. The problem comes when management says "how come you didn't do it right the first time?" and refuses to accept that thier three sentence change of spec requires serious redesign. Plenty. In fact many get irate when you explain to them that thier nice "close to the metal" language is actualy doesnt talk directly to the memory, it has to go through a (albeit hardware assisted) transform moderated by a couple layers of stuff. The whole point of VM is to keep the illusion of working directly with memory/hw, because it is useful sometimes. So, catching SIGSEGV is still a segfault! It is not fatal, so in that sense sure you aren't segfaulting, but the error still occurs, the signal is still generated, and you still don't actually dereference NULL. In the other article there is no error, SIGSEGV is not generated, and therefore there is no segfault at all. They are fundamentally different. Unless of course you are explicitly trying to get around silly things like SIGSEGV because the 0x0 is where the OS keeps interesting things, like say interrupt jump tables... No, it's fear of success. "If I do well, they will expect more of me, and I don't want to deal with taht, however if i fail or only do OK, they will leave me alone". It is fundamentally a fear of others expectations. Whether or not it is expected is irrelevant to the discussion of hiding the fact it happens. It also is irrelevant to the reprimand/punishment of those who do cross the line. Actually, it is very much unix style. With any modern shell you can simply turn off stderr, or only put stdout in the pipe, or put 2>/dev/null and so on. If both went to stdout then it would be a reasonable complaint. Yeah, it does, I either misread or missed it. That is not really a good assertion. Look at grep: default output is filename, line number, relevant line. This is far from a minimalist output. Or du, which by default lists all the files and subdirectories and their sizes. Minimal, quiet output doesn't define "traditional unix" style -- the ability to taylor the output to the situation, and further make the output as machine readable as possible is what makes it "unixy". If you don't already know about it, dstat is a good one too, and lightweight enough that it can be run on heavily loaded production systems w/out as much "top problem" going on. They used to have 3,4, and even 5 platters. It could just be that he hasn't opened a drive for a decade or two. The problem comes when the big money is in "tripple play". So many people are making money pretending TV and Phone are not just Data. The answer of course is to start talking about how TV and Voice are no different than a webpage from the network's pov. Use examples like Hulu and YouTube. This mass education will certainly start helping. Thanks! I personally haven't opened an hdd in 15 years, so I couldn't speak to newer drives. (and now I feel old :) ) Not so much. Im dealing with a vendor right now -- we have paid support, and have spent thousands with them. As a developer, I have sent several fairly deep/detailed questions about their api and code. The response has been alternating evasions and attacks on my "style" for not using the api the way they intended. If this is what profit motive gets me, I'll stick with "for the love of it" motive any day. There are jerks everywhere, at least with OSS I'm not paying for the privelege. (The fact I'm using the vendor's stuff wrong is entirely possible, but the training supposedly included in our support package keeps getting delayed so I can't be certain how to properly use it). The problem is they delve too far into the fuzzy and misleading terms without a solid explanation. This is where things like 'The God particle' come from. "Average peope"[1] do not think in strictly defined an limited terms, the associate based on multiple meanings words have. They also allow certain connotations to evoke emotional responses. Of course being too clear evokes responses about patronizing... sigh. [1] Average people being defined as those without strong scientific training, and therefore more likely to make inferences that may not be reasonable. I saw it and thought "wow, what a sad way to pull up window groups". In fact, I am still mad at apple for not allowing me to move windows around with my keyboard, not allowing me to group windows, and not allowing me to define where new windows go. Seriously, I am capable of understanding the implications of terminal windows being tiled (those implications being terminal is freaking uasable). Edit: also, seriously, i like to group workspaces by task. This is very anoying when I launch say, mvim, and it opens a window in some workspace already containing mvim. Same with terms and browser windows. Actually there are several different things working in concert here. 1) The ability to mmap adress 0 2) Code which knows how to escalate privileges of an entire process if run in kernel space. 3) A kernel module which intentionally calls a bad pointer, to illustrate the point. 3 by itself is not a vulnerability. In fact, it is by itself just a stupidly written peice of code, the real vulnerability is in 1 & 2 which take advantage of a vulnerability in null pointer handling. In fact, even if I didn't know anything other than 1 and 2, It is possible to start fuzzing syscalls until I accidentally cause one to dereference a null pointer, in which case it is game over. Edit: another way to say this is: Kernel null pointer vulnerabilities are a class of vulnerability, much like buffer overflows are a class of vulnerability. Even if there is just a toy example of the exploit in an article, it doesn't change the concept. Much like the classic "Smashing the stack for fun an profit" I think the next step will be "We sell solutions to run your own cloud". This just warms you up to the idea. RabbitMQ will become the "vmware private cloud" equivalent to SQS. This is not how US politcs works. If you agree with a side on some points and disagree with others you are ostracized by all groups. It is stupid, but unfortunately the US is a place where (for example) you are pro-death penalty and anti-abortion or pro-abortion and anti-death penalty. If you are pro both or anti both, almost everyone hates you. I'd say 2 and 4 are derivatives of 1. 4, not so much because a lot of petroleum and coal derivatives are used in those chemicals too, but more sugar in stuff is almost always because it is HFCS. Doubly cool would be if there was a bpython extension that allowed for "send code back to vim". Currently it allows saving code run in the repl, so this might be pretty easy. Sometimes there is more than one "correct" method. In a lot of those cases, the "wrong" way is pretty specific, or at least tightly constrained. At such times, it is easier to explain that instead of explaining a large group of extremely different options. Other times, it is just a simple case of "I don't know what works, but I know what doesn't work". This allows the next person to not make that mistake. I have good results by using opendns and my own local caching dns server. Throughput is great, unless of course your DNS lookups add giant lag. A big reason I don't do much for python core is that I find it good enough for most of my needs. I do like to contribute to ecosystem stuff tho. Here are reasons I've stopped contributing, or never contributed to some projects: 1. They work good enough for me: a big reason for my contributing is me needing it to work a certain way. I have a tendency to whirlwind into a project, dump lots of source, suggestions and whatnot, then not not come back. There is frequently little incentive for me to continue participation. The ones I stick with have a good little community -- this is important. Even solo authors that respond frequently and quickly are community enough for me. 2. Non-attribution/recognition -- There are at least 2 projects out there that don't attribute my code, despite it being in the "trunk". Another project that factored my code out, took my name off the contributors list. Another never used my code, but took lots of ideas (with email exchanges explaining my intentions with my code), but never recognized my help. In all of those cases I have moved on. I don't like to complain and won't point fingers here, but it does negatively motivate me. Similarly there are a few projects that I would like to participate in, but am very wary based on individual's connections with the above projects. 3. Fear of what I call rabbit-hole-itis. Sometimes it is safer for me not to delve into the code well enough to make it better, because I will spend a week on it instead of being "for-real" productive. This is prolly not fixable as it's about me not the community (of course it wouldn't be a problem if y'all stopped with the neat projects). 4. A lot of times it seems like more hassle than it's worth to try and contribute. I think the article hits those on the head -- mostly the part about "convincing others my patch actually helps". It is frustrating to deal with project core devs that don't want to look at your code because of silly reasons that are not technical -- e.g. "why would you ever need to do that" or "it works 'just fine' already". HTH I think anyone scared off that way is just looking for an excuse to run anyway. It's not like there exists a programming language that actually has no bugs. At best we have finally given up on those bugs being fixed and call them warts now. Were they prototype condoms that are not publicly available? If so not much other than the condoms don't hold electronic data (assuming they aren't super revolutionary). So things that could be illegal here: 1. The product may have been taken without permission off apple property. 2. The device could have sensitive "trade secret" data on it. The person who lost the device is certainly under NDA, therefore the information on the device did not lose this status. 3. The device being a prototype may actually constitute trade secret worthy status. In both 2 and 3 paying for the device could constitute industrial espionage for commercial purposes, depending on the circumstances. 4. Just because the person who sold it to Gizmodo claims to have found it in a bar does not mean he did not steal it himself, with or without collusion from the apple guy. There are many more potential crimes in this scenario. As for what warrants it being investigated by the computer crimes folks: it is a high tech device and most of the players involved are high tech folks. It stands to reason they may have texted, emailed, twittered etc in the course of making the deal(s). The computer crimes folks are most likely to be able to trace that stuff down. It seems that he ignores a certain necessity in his CA == CP premise. Specifically, that premise is that to achieve CA the system must be a single logical unit. One the network partitions, anyone in the correct partition (the same one as the CA system) still has access, therefore the system is still available. This sounds bunk, because the system is not available to those on the wrong partition, however, this is not an availability issue, it is a partition issue -- pretty much by definition. Yes, vi related muscle memory is particularly useful when using non-vi text entry.:wq Yeah, this is why I never distinguish between jocks and musicians and other forms of "popular kids", quibbling over terms is pointless. My first action on a new machine is: git clone $myserveraddy/homedirpublic . which includes a relevant vimrc. Helps alot. (get permission first with explanation of why...) No. They purchased a phone "found at a bar". They acted in good faith that it had been lost. When asked to return the property, they did. There are exceptions for good faith actions in most "receiving stolen goods" type laws for a reason. It's fundamentally the same as the classic "found wallet". If it isn't claimed, it reverts to "finders keepers". So I have no idea why people are voting you down. In vim it is the first part of a sequence for manipulating windows. This mindset can conflict with e.g. firefox, in which ctrl-w closes a window. (particularly if there are multiple firefoxes/tabs open) Edit: That should be close tab, not close window, c-shift-w is window. Buying an item that is not blatantly restricted (e.g. is not marijuana), on claims of the seller that it is legit, is good faith. Further, upon request from the original owner, it was returned. This is also good faith... aka "oops my bad". What they did in between is called "I do stuff to my property", and perfectly ok. Note: this was my thinking before I found out CA has weird laws about this (see other replies in this thread). Thanks for the info. That is a pretty awful law imho... Thats a pretty inflammatory statement... "In one program and a couple that emulate it...". How is it not useful to have a keyboard shortcut to change focus between windows? Windows in vim refer to what I believe are called "splits" in emacs. The vim c-w stuff is analogous to c-x stuff in emacs. As for close tab shortcuts in firefox -- I use it all the time. Standard work flow for me includes c-t, google.com, , c-w, . Have you ever tried reading the manual? Seriously, the level of the documentation is pretty good for a free piece of software. Edit: actually, its pretty good for any piece of software. This is just odd to me. It never even occurred to me that the sexuality of a person running a campaign like that would matter. I mean, its Turing -- a name most known for inventing the freaking computer. Sure there is the whole "gay angle" and it being the reason for the treatment -- but I figured the campaign was more about, lets clear this extremely important historical person's name, and for Britain to admit the world had been done an injustice. I guess I'm sadder that in the world I live in such a thing matters so much, than I was that bad things were done to Turing. So jgrahamc: FWIW I just figured you were some guy who was more annoyed than me over the Turing thing, and better positioned to make a fuss over it, and for that: good on you. Were I asked, I would have assumed your sexuality is straight, but thats just playing the odds, as I don't know or care who you screw. Honestly, I'm more impressed with someone campaigning for what is logically right (even tho they have emotional hangups) than I am with someone who follows their emotions for the "right thing" but can't explain why it is right. The latter is just a result of luck. I have had my own stupid emotional discomforts. None of them were logical, but all of them were easier to deal with when I was open about it. Get off your high horse. Edit: strike that "get off your high horse" bit, its too reactionary of me -- sorry about that. I agree. Fortunately however, :he has tab completion, which certainly reduces such. Also :he index is nice. And for those times with internet, #vim on freenode usually knows the correct :he keyword in seconds. When I first found HN I would eat up every design and technical story. I was all "w00t new knowledge!". Now I look at half the stories and go "bah, I bet that guy just discovered closures" or whatever. Amusingly, at that time I had been looking for a new "way technical" community to learn from, and now I'm here going "man, either HN sucks or i need to level-up". Looking at the 3 years ago page, I realized I need to go level-up. tl;dr -- anecdotal evidence of iamwill's point. Sure, I agree with that, but it is nice to show the world that "non-members of group X" can stand up for group X anyway. This is still a bit of a tricky thing. See non-members sticking up for a group can imply weakness, and goes against certain empowerment based philosophies. Think how many times you've seen the equivalent of "I don't need you to fight my battles" in some "X movement" themed movie. I've seen it. It usually is the result of being trolled. The "troll" user of software A starts poking at the user of software B in a way that on the surface looks like an editor joke, but is actually about hte person. Something like "this code looks like it was written in X" or "how can an X user have completed bug #11". After a while it can get under the skin, but if the target is not paying enough attention, or is you know, working, the result can be a full on editor war. Then spend a week doing as much as possible from within vim. You will start to get the basic hang of it. Then as you want to do other things, assume vim can do them for you and try and figure out how. #vim on freenode is good for this, although much of the help comes in the form of :he X. This means, read the documentation, the topic keyword is x. You literally type that into the editor command line :) The vim documentation is very good -- in fact just reading a few things extra every time you use vim is a good idea. A final note: I have been using vim for my main editor for years now, and still learn new stuff all the time. Playing with new scripts, finding new bits of workflow, and getting really fast at it all take time. This is natural. I try and pick a couple new things a week an use them. Sometimes I will then forget about them for weeks, months or years because I think they are useless, but "rediscover" them only to use them all the time. Its actually quite fun. Meh, from a source point of view, once I have a debian/ directory, with a properly set up rules file, building becomes trivial. Then it is matter of generating a package per-distro/version with the right environment. This could be very well done in an automated manner and a few vms. And the authorities at the time. My bad, I was under the impression that it was an RPM only thing. ack is much nicer than find+grep in the simple cases. Also, defaulting to ignore .svn, .git, et al is fantastic. The --type feature is fun, and really makes it a great tool from within vim. On the other end, find + grep is absurdly powerful, making -r look puny in comparison. There is also the absurd death threat/possible murder-as-retribution aspect. I will gladly mock people who think killing is a viable response to an image, even if it is offensive. The boomers were commies, "me generation" was greedy, gen-x were slackers and gen-y are entitled. How about instead, middle-aged bosses hate the fact that younger people learned to game their system, and are creating a new system. It's more or less how it always works -- to the point I'm fairly certain there is a genetic component to it. Too bad for them? Being offended is not the end of the world. I'm offended every time some tea-party person claims that * is tantamount to nazi-ism, but I don't threaten death as a response, and I would probably mock anyone who did. We use virtual machines to emulate larger networks, particularly when we need true independent actors at the edges. We chose KVM over Xen because it is easier to get an embedded system to run on emulation than it is to run on a hypervisor kernel. Also, some systems are just not able to be hacked at in that way. Our performance has been good, its nice to see how our intuition shakes out compared to actual measurements. Some notes I have on top of the article: Network performance monitoring: --iperf has a tendency to use a ton of cpu. This can impact network performance metrics. Lately I like using the 0mq performance tests, slightly modified to last longer than the default 10s. --In my setups KVM adds approx .5ms latency to network transit, when using para-virtualization through a tap device and bridge, having the host os do the routing. --The virtualized e1000 works better in most cases than any other NIC KVM will virtualize. CPU performance: --The best results for KVM come when setting cpu affinity, if you have a workload that coincides nicely to 1 vm/core, there is a performance boost. If the police are going to confiscate, why would they confiscate the whole computers, and not just the drives? Furhter, why not provide the option for the guy being served to get some new drives and copy the data to them before the police confiscate the original? If it was that important Apple should have been more careful than to let their engineer take it out and about. Given that people are prone to losing cell phones, how could they expect that not a single one would be lost? There are ways to field test that don't involve people taking phones to bars. That is just carelessness. Sure, shit happens, but c'mon, a little responsibility might be in order on the part of the company with so much to lose. Law or no law, Apple should take more care with such prototypes. Awesome detailed answer, thanks! My questions come from a basic concern for the suspect, and presumption of innocence before proven guilty. A confiscated computer not only may require extra care in "plain sight" restrictions as outlined in the article, but also extra care in "undue hardship". If I keep all my records on a computer, and that computer is confiscated, I am now without any way of doing basic stuff like paying bills. It would seem that being able to retain a copy of the data is relatively trivial, so such an option should be made available. Given that current practices seem to be "never see your stuff again", is there any reason not to allow it? (Perhaps not as its taken, but shortly thereafter). I totally understand that last part, about evidence custody stuff. I find it vaguely totemic, in that the "one true datathingy" must be preserved. (not on your part necessarily, on the whole court system in general). Good on you guys for getting data back to the suspect. I presume that if it all comes from Images anyway, it would be trivial for me to bring in a couple TB of NAS and say, "data please" and just get raw image dumps. I think to clarify my above stuff: Rules of evidence should state that images of the computer files in custody should be made available to suspects in some short amount of time after they are processed, due to the easy copy aspect of digital media, and the critical nature some data on the drives. The only thing that needs to be known about Android in 2013 is there will be an app called "Has the world ended yet?" and it will read "YES!" in large font. You most certainly can. Just because something is allowed by "the system" does not mean it is OK. A dick move is just that, even if it isn't against the rules. So, either anthropomorphizing companies is bad, or its ok. In your first paragraph you criticize people who do so, but the second is about how companies act in their own self interest. Second, the only reason a company does something is the people there make decisions to do so. These people are perfectly capable of being evil and being dicks, and frequently are. Since they are the decision-makers and act on the company's behalf, and cause others to do so as well, just assume people saying 'company x is evil' is shorthand for 'the decision makers and people who carry out actions in the name of company x are creating evil by this coordinated action'. Third, I accept that most institutions act in their own self interest, this really doesn't require too much deep insight. I have been voting with my dollar and my cooperation for a long time. Finally: I was not suggesting anything other than what you said, I was disagreeing with the "can't fault a company for...". This is totally doable. It is a dick move, and may or may not have long term ramifications. Self interest is different than lazy "greediest move available now". Yes. This random email from some list, which was reposted to a blog, carries more weight than any judge's opinion ever will. It is sad, but such is the state of affairs in our world. These "kids" are also old enough to be put to death for criminal acts as adults. It is a silly, illogical double standard. Somehow we have no problem saying that that they are completely incapable of making decisions about something relatively harmless like sex with their peers, yet we have no problem making them inhuman monsters who are perfectly capable of having made cold decisions in a completely capable light when it is a person's death? I was born in 80, and consider myself on the cusp. I identify w/ X in some ways and Millenials in others. It was actually highly amusing in college, there was a noticable shift between the oldest of my peers and the youngest of my peers, which when I described it to some of the older ones said they didn't notice between a similar variance of their peers. Obviously such things are fuzzy, but that is the general feeling we noticed. Overall 'start time' is usuall referenced between 80 and 85 somewhere. Generational stuff used in this sense is wierder still because those born in 1960 have a completely different gen X experience than those born in 1980. I mean they were adults when I was born... Dukes of Hazard. Seriously, I have used this as the generational dividing line since they were still calling gen X 'slackers' in a derogatory way. Probably some happy medium. Helicopter parents don't really give kids a chance to just learn to be themselves... If only I had known 10 years ago what I would claim ignorance of today... Also, if your car isn't serviced, in the event of a crash you die due to airbag failure. You are aware that Jon Stewart is a comedian, with a comedy show on a channel devoted to comedy right? The only place the news and facts come in is when they are the basis for a joke. Not really. People get arrested for old oustanding warrants all the time, search warrant backlogs are pretty common. In fact, in general it is a good idea to back off a bit. It creates a false sense of security in the suspect, allowing better effectiveness when warrants are served, due to suprise. I know there is a "but they will destroy the evidence" protest, but in most cases, by the time a warrant is available the evidence will either be long gone, or completely overlooked (the stupid factor), this is one of those cases, he had plenty of time to wipe relevant drives between the announcement of a police investigation and the warrant serving. The use of a raid force on a person who is not known to be violent and/or uncooperative is just excessive. Wow. This is kinda... woah. I recently began an overhaul of my financial situation, because I thought I could be doing better. I am way better off then the best possible combination from this sheet -- I can't imagine being in that situation. :-/ This absolutely cannot be the first time a prototype has turned up in some reporter's hands via dubious means. So here is what I would like to know: When Apple is NOT involved, what are the reactions? Not just of the company and reporters, but people who don't really have any stake in it? I am genuinely curious how much of the "apple did nothing wrong" crowd is just apple fanboyism, and how much of the "gawker was in the clear" crowd is just anti-appleism. Another thing I would like to know: Gawker returned the phone when apple finally admitted the phone was theirs. During the denial stage, why would anyone be responsible for returning property to someone who claims "that isn't mine". Forget apple: if someone sees a $100 bill at my feet and says, "Hey did you drop that bill?" and I say "Nope, not mine", I can't later claim "that guy stole my $100!". Final question: since apple did get their property back, why are all these people outraged? A large number of them have probably downloaded leaked movie/tv/music. Many of them have railed against IP law in the US. But now that it's Apple they are talking about the "terrible damages that come from Apple not getting to talk about the phone on their own terms". I call shennanagans. Further plenty of semi-auto guns (ar-15, mini-14 are very popular for this) are easy to convert to full auto. There was terrorist activity before 9/11. Think OK boming, the first WTC bombing, abortion clinic attacks. Link? Last I checked anyone with reasonable mechanical knowledge and a bit of metal working skill could do it. May not be "caveman easy", but easy enough to someone who can read a simple set of diagrams . This simple set actually: http://www.scribd.com/doc/3853405/AR15-Lightning-Link-Plans Or, in a pinch, be good with a freaking paperclip. How does one find a job doing that? Forget programming, I want to make potato guns to promote what the rest of y'all have done! Oh, so I'd have to move to New York :(. I knew it couldn't be all good. Hadoop clusters are particularly amenable to this. A nice setup is to pxe boot all the nodes, reserving the full local disk for hdfs. That would be rational behaviour. The market does not exist on rational behaviour. The Austrians just spread that rumor to take advantage of the suckers who believe it. A complaint that many people preface with "the only thing stopping me from using linux is..." Or just use modules. Seriously, it is a true singleton. A module is a singleton. No matter how many times you import foo, the namespace foo is always the same. If you reassign foo.bar in in code in module x, then later access foo.bar from module y, it will be the value assigned in X. This is not amenable to inheritance tho, however there is a strong argument against inheritance in singletons anyway. Further, the borg pattern is considered "more pythonic" in the case of inheritable singletons, as frequently what is desired in such cases is shared state vs instead of shared identity. Well, as far as I am concerned, if import foo is the same as instantiating foo, then reload is calling destructor then instantiation again. How is this worth comment? In a discussion of c++ singletons would you comment "Just dont call delete fooptr; fooptr = new foo();"? Even worse is these are the same newspaper people who keep blaming their failures on the internet. :( Just a heads up for python people who are feeling jealous: ipython does this also :) I've always been a fan of the "Don't just do something! Sit there." approach to work. Not only do I sometimes find really clever ways around a problem, or weird issues that wouldn't immediately be apparent, I also save a whole bunch of potential RSI :) Added benefit: When it is time to start coding, you can amaze your coworkers by brain dumping a decently coded solution at typing speed. That depends on how platform gets defined. At the OS layer, a reasonable argument could be made for (cpu, northbridge, southbridge). Of course the whole northbridge thing can actually not include usb support, or disk io support, which can then throw more multipliers in there based on chip... Sure there are standards to describe hardware interactions, but any reasonably experience sysadmin will tell you horror stories of when they found a weird issue with chipset X not following the standard just right, and needing a special case driver that no longer worked with the OS of choice. This means there are combinatorial multipliers on a per device basis (or some percentage thereof...) I have no idea how this works, but it does: when sharing a screen with someone and doing work: if one of you is pointing at something code-looking, the boss reverts to thinking you are working. This works even if you are discussing non-work things... its not content they care about but form :/ Six years is a lot longer for a 20something than the same six years for a 50something. Both in overall life percentage and in major life changes during that timeframe. I think there is a certain amount of laugh test failure to the "ISP is distributing too!" argument. I see it as akin to the USPS and FedEx being required to pay royalties to the music companies for distributing the music. As for what the FSF is arguing, it is that iTunes has a blanket license that limits how many devices you can use the app on, which is pretty much against the part of the GPL that says you can't restrict the license further, or add any additional clauses. Further, Apple may be required to host the source themselves as intermediary distributors of GPL software (by which I mean make available to additional customers beyond the original authors' reach, not act as a shipping company -- i.e. they are resellers). I don't think the original author's actually violate the GPL, they provide the source to Apple... and they probably don't restrict the license at all. This article is not wort reading strictly by the title alone. If Europe is not a desert, how can the UK be an oasis? Pretty much by definition the UK being the oasis extends and strengthens the desert metaphor. You've never been reading, reached the end of a page, and sai to yourself, "Oh hey footnotes, I wonder what they are attached to?"? Superscripts are easier to ignore because they don't modify the word or phrase's presentation, while links necessarily modify the whole thing. There really wasn't much in terms of "good and bad" overall, just "good and bad" for Linux. At the end he says (paraphrased)"I'm not saying this is for every project, but if you are going for more than C, skip C++ and go for ". The kernel is also shockingly simple. Sure there are some tricky bits, but writing kernel code is very straight-forward. In fact every time I've written kernel code it has always been a "it can't really be this simple" type moment -- but some of that code is still running production machines today so... it must have been. NOTE: this is not me bragging, it's me suggesting the mystique is a bit undeserved. Wasn't this essentially the reason why IBM's PC and it's open architecture would never work? Not contrived at all. That is really how Comic Sans thinks. People said that same sort of thing about RoR or Django too. "What?! You have to do it the way they want? I prefer fooORM!", and so on. The point is not that it is great at whatever, the point is it get stuff out of the way at start time, and allow you to get to the meat of it quickly. Later on if the project turns into something interesting, you can switch to redmine, or put a real wiki behind it, and so on (but only as really needed). It's strange. I tend to do a lot of reasoning with image components, even if they are abstract to the point of not really being a metaphor anymore -- and when brain storming sometimes will say "No it needs to be rounder" about a DB schema, or use hand motions to place items "where they go" as I describe them. (Oddly, if I put something that "goes" top left in say, bottom left, it doesn't feel right). This flabbergasts and confuses people. To the point that I almost can't communicate w/out a whiteboard sometimes. Other people totally get it and even "put things" in the right place, and we'll mutually "rearrange" them as we talk. Anyway I digress, the article reminds me of this bit by Feynman actually: http://calteches.library.caltech.edu/607/2/Feynman.pdf It is better than dealing with the salesmen selling things that just are not possible. One time I was given a day to implement a magic iPhone detection algorithm. It had to distinguish from iPod touch, and somehow this was to be done based on "network characteristics". So during an emergency meeting the salesman said "It can just be done from the MAC address, quit whining." Well after a while we managed to get hte customer happy, and the salesman was told "Next time, if you aren't sure talk to the programmers first". The programming team was told to expect a new hire that "knew what he was doing". Honestly I've always wondered why redmine, trac, et al don't already build their wiki on top of the vcs anyway, instead of using a separate database with tracking. Such a step seems counter-productive. Yeah, unfortunately there is this other thing called "at will employment" which means I pretty much had to do what the bosses told me to provided it was legal (which is different from physically possible). Obviously fisheries are not important. If such things mattered to anyone, competition would have forced the oil company to be safer and cleaner. Or at least thats how people claim pure capitalism works. False, under capitalism corporations have limited liability, and the ability to own other corporations. All liability will be handed to a wholly owned, but separate corporation, which will go bankrupt at the first sign of a lawsuit. No one can be held accountable because "thats capitalism, its a shame that bad stuff occurred, but whatcha gonna do?". Further, it is not a result of corrupt government, it is a result of corporations being allowed to have more power than those who enforce the property rights that you claim would fix things. Last time anyone tried to stop an oil company in nigeria, the government had a choice of ceasing to exist, or helping the giant company. Had another country done this, such would be declared a belligerent act. Finally, regarding the BP thing this is being compared to: Do you think that BP will ever be held accountable fully for the economic damage it has done? The fishing industry will not be compensated every year by BP. Should anyone try to hold them accountable like that, they will bust out the "this is so unfair, it must be unconstitutional, how could we, an oil company, be held responsible for a bad fishing day. Communism!" rhetoric, and those on the damaged end will be left high and dry. Fortunately tho, we'll be told "capitalism works just like you think it should" and you can go put your head back in the sand. This is true sometimes. Other times it is used because fixing the problem exposes far larger systematic flaws that relied on the bug, changing a simple fix into a massive refactoring project. I think the position you put forward however is often a mask for fear. People don't like change, particularly when they don't understand what is going on already. It is a sunk-cost fallacy. They invested a bunch of effort in learning the old way, which they didn't fully understand, but apparently it worked, so the accepted it. Now a new way comes along, claiming to be better, but once again, they don't understand it fully, so they just see it as an attack on the way they had been doing stuff -- which in a lot of people's minds translates to an attack on them. When this happens they start justifying "It was fine the old way, I don't see why they had to change it.". Those with some foresight then start saying "if it ain't broken don't fix it" when a change is coming down the pipe. This causes people who can see the benefit of the change to write articles like the one we're commenting on. In this case, the hoop holder is a group dedicated to preparing teens for adulthood. I think the hoops are not designed benefit the BSA -- seriously, they don't get much from forcing a 16 year old to weave a basket or shoot archery. I think instead those silly hoops my be meant to emulate something else. Lets take a dirgression: I have a friend who owns a bike shop. He absolutely loves fixing bikes, setting up bikes, and helping people get into biking. It is a passion and he does good at that stuff. He absolutely hates inventory, book balancing and changing flat tires (well all menial bike maintenance tasks). Those maintenance tasks are a big part of the regular revenue stream, and the other things are just necessary for business. He can't afford to hire someone to do the stuff he doesn't like, it would cut too much into his profits and he would have to take a second job to live. Those can probably be argued as hoops he chose for himself, here are some he didn't: rent, sales tax accounting, business licensing, fire code compliance, insurance rules, and so on. Had my friend taken your advice and not learned how to jump through hoops (and fucked the man in the process!) he would be fixing bikes at a loss. Perhaps the overall goal and fun level in becoming an eagle scout is enough that putting up with the hoop jumping is worth it? Maybe that thing they are emulating is "real life" where sometimes you just gotta do crappy stuff before you can do the thing you really want. I can't decide what gave me more amusement: the stuff they got right (ipass/ezpass idea, video conferencing and skype like stuff), the stuff they got wrong (phone booths!, tablet pcs being more than a gimick) or the stuff they claimed they would do, which they now actively oppose (skype like stuff). I remember these commercials fondly, as they were a big push to get me into programming when I was a boy -- such cool and endless possibilities. Of course back then they were so futuristic, and now they look rather quaint -- who would want devices that are so big and bulky? Am I the only person who consistently sees headlines like this and thinks "I thought cisco was on version 15 or something, wtf?" only to be reminded of that other ios? Yes I trust the doctor, hospital, and manufacturer to provide me with completely unbiased information on what stuff I need for my health. The problem is, the only people who can interpret that information are the same people who directly profit from my choice. They will suggest unnecessary and potentially harmful things. I guess I could go to medical school to really understand things well enough to make a truly informed decision. That would be great for the concept of separation of labor! Of course I am probably just being paranoid. We should instead head back to the good ol' free market medicine days, when anyone could put anything in a bottle and sell it as a patent cure-all. Back then people lived way longer, and had way better options for medicine. Please note: I'm not saying the system isn't messed up, I'm saying you solution really isn't much better. Sorry, but sin(pi/2 + X) == cos(x) would make more sense to me -- a cos is half a cycle ahead of sin, so the pi/2 term just works with that. Once compiled, how does the transfer to chip go? I was talking about this device today, and a friend in education perked up when she heard the price. The price is low enough that public schools can do stuff with them on regular funds. There has been a "downtown resurgence" trend all over the US. Since this makes lots of various things local to each other, and puts lots of things local to housing, I would be surprised if it wasn a contributing factor. According to the OED, wrong as an adverb: 5. The fact or position of acting unjustly or indefensibly; 6. Not right or satisfactory in state or order; in unsatisfactory or bad condition; amiss. 7. a. Not adapted, according, or answering to intention, requirement, or purpose; not proper, fitting, or appropriate; unsuitable. Any and all of which, but particularly #7, apply to the use of the term wrong in the tauday site. Pi is [not adapted to purpose, not fitting]. See? So maybe instead of teaching in terms of the unit circle, we should switch to the unit semi-circle, as that would be 100% as easy to understand? Look at it like a refactoring. Sometimes it is desirable to stop and reorganize a bit. The fact that there is a good reason for using both pi and tau may not be immediately obvious to some people, so they tell us about it. I for example, would never catch on to what tau is, and why it is useful without this. Now that I read it however, I can understand it well. Further, I have gone back and re-examined some things I have been learning lately that contain major sin and cos components. Suddenly they make much more sense to me -- using Tau gives me an intuitive understanding of how cos and sin are related. To put it another way: If I, and other willing but not genius types, can't understand the results of scientists "finding and confirming important things" why should they do it in the first place? [Edit:] I mean can't understand in a way for use in engineering and other practical ways. A final note: there is a strong resistance in the math, science, and engineering communities to the idea of "lets look at what we know and reformulate it in a consistent way". They think it is intuitive as it is, even tho there may be ways that people can learn it faster and to as deep of an understanding if a different formulation is used. This results in a lot of stupidity in the world like teaching physics in the order it was discovered, rather than some order building on concepts, or teaching physics by expressing velocity as a fundamental concept instead of as a derivative of something else. Even when contracts do exist, there is a significant cost overhead to get them enforced. Further the process to enforce said contracts takes an amount of time that requires either 1) acceptance of the new pay or 2) no pay, until enforcement kicks in. In the case of 1 the pay is effectively and in actuality the situation described in the post. Awesome! I hate seeing people say "Make good comments, not like X". I have given up on asking "what would be a good comment" because no one seems to be able to point to a good example. This will be much helpful :). Are you kidding? Compare to software: There is a lot of bad code in the word. This code was written by hacks, who in my experience, seem to have no idea why their code is bad -- to the point of justifying it beyond absurdity\ . Showing these people beautiful, well factored, well commented code frequently has no impact on them, they say "Oh, that is nice", but don't understand what makes it different than their hacky version. This is within the field. From the outside, this is even more dense and impenetrable, and probably looks almost masturbatory. Despite this, there is a fairly strong correlation of "good style" and "good software" so there is at least some objective measure there. Of course, since there are hacks in the software world (arguably the majority of them, since very few HNers run in the circles of bank software engineer or .Net programmer, and those people are the majority of programmers), the discussions on what makes good software probably don't result in anything worth knowing, or barely anyway. I am not commenting on your overall conclusion, I don't know if lit. crit. is a worthy pursuit, but your argument is definitely lacking a sound basis. \ I worked with a guy who would copy and paste program, with many many repetitions of blocks. After of getting a barely working result, would seemingly decide "oh functions are important in programming" and randomly break the code into a few functions, which each took 10+ arguments to carry state over from chunk to chunk. Since these were essentially just chaining the calls, none of the functions would be called elsewhere, no repetition was avoided, and extra cognitive load was added to reading the results. When this was done, the original author could not understand how it was different, let alone better. So, you are saying that I have to choose between a smart phone and something I can make calls with? Are you aware that the world is not binary? On the other end, writing down the solution, is also a good tool. The number of times I thought I 'figured something out' by thinking real hard (in the shower or whatever) only to find problems during this final stage is large. It is very much the same thing as telling a fellow developer about a bug you can't solve, only to solve a trivial issue half way thru the explanation. The writing down or explanatory phase is quite important.