Does a FedEx package transfer to the other country's Post Office? My experience is that a package sent by FedEx arrives with FedEx. Standard Post would be the equivalent to SMS in that it's everywhere, and private companies would be the other apps, right? Then the equivalent to your identifiable address would be your phone number. Except if you want something more anonymous, which is then more complicated. Just the same with the Post example... Genuinely interested: can you elaborate on what metadata the matrix servers have access to? Say, don't they know who I am writing to, when and which groups I belong to? Signal does not, and that's guaranteed by the client code (i.e. no need to trust anything on the server for that). I am pretty sure it's harder than you think, while keeping Signal's UX and privacy level: https://signal.org/blog/secure-value-recovery How does it compare in terms of privacy? I mean Signal's private contact discovery, private groups, private profiles, sealed sender, etc? To be fair, you can build it from sources, and I'm pretty sure they provide an apk (they used to, at least). Two words: threat model. Because a private company can do something does not mean it should be allowed to do it, does it? It's already bad enough with Starlink, but surely it's only a matter of time before other companies and governments want to compete. Which makes me wonder if governments should not just agree on forbidding it entirely. Can you elaborate on that? Maybe you do, yes. And maybe you're happy with an alternative with usernames where the server keeps the list of your contacts. Or maybe you are not, and you will want an alternative where you need to rebuild your contacts list every time you install the app. But some people are happy messaging people based on the phone number, because everything else is too cumbersome. Different people have different threat models, and one chooses the best UX for their threat model. For millions of people (maybe not you), apparently it is Signal. I don't get it. So with Nix, every package I install will possibly come with its own dependency tree, completely independent from other packages. So instead of relying on distro maintainers who, say, check one version of OpenSSL, I'll be relying on the devs of each package. I doubt they will do the work, so either they will never update their deps, or update without checking them. It feels like Nix is like npm for my system, and distributes the trust I put in maintainers between all the devs of all the dependencies. That's not what I want... What am I missing? My opinion is that it is difficult to enjoy music we don't understand. I realise one does not have to love everything about a whole style of music, but not having a clue why this whole style may be enjoyable sounds like maybe you haven't been much exposed to it. So here is one (genuinely interested) question: how much do you know about jazz? I don't get the trap problem here. So I start with A, compute -B as A dot A, then continue my way until I decide to stop at E. So I had to compute the whole path, right? Now you give me A and E, why can't I just compute the path from A until I hit E? That looks like the same effort, so what did I miss? Oh that's actually the point of the exponentiation trick: I choose the private key first and then compute the path from it. Got it, sorry xD Where does a system like https://picterra.ch/ lie? They seem to provide a way to tune algorithms for your images. Are those "algorithms nobody want", or is that helping niche use-cases (by allowing customisation)? Disclaimer: never actually used their system, just saw presentations about it, which show how one can train an algorithm to count... stuff. For one, most people now spend most of their time in their browser or in a hidden browser (ahem, Electron?). So unless you want something specific (video games, a Windows desktop app, ...), I think they just both work. I'm guessing even Linux on a mac is probably okay (since so many people have the exact same hardware as you...) To me, TODOs are the equivalent to keeping thousands of tasks in a growing backlog. It just adds noise for stuff that probably won't be addressed ever. And if it is addressed, chances are that it will be from a new task. Just forget it! If it's important, it will come back on its own. I just don't write TODOs in my code, as I have never seen a useful TODO in a codebase... The worst being "TODO: improve this". Sounds like a way to say "I wrote shitty code, I know it, please merge it anyway", which is completely useless IMO. This. "We developers mostly read code, so let's optimise the writing part by writing bad code that will be slower to read." Am I the only seeing a problem here? I was recently looking into CoffeeCatch for Android. Are you saying that I'm losing my time? :-) One country unilaterally decides that it is fine to pollute the sky for everyone else in the name of profit. One company decides to produce more and more without giving a damn about their ecological impact, in the name of profit. Hardly sounds like a revolution to me. My problem with that argument is that the business requirement is based on what we can convince the user to buy. Users won't pay more for a better product if they don't understand it's better. And one may say that "if they don't make the difference, then the bad products are fine after all", but I think that's shortsighted. By continuously favouring the worse but cheaper design, it has brought the industry where it is today: "better write bullshit that ships now than a good product that users won't buy anyway, because they bought the bullshit from the competitor already". Misunderstanding. The Mozilla VPN is Mullvad (rebranded). Oh right, the US built GPS, one of the few GNSS systems out there! Yeah my bad, then private US companies should be allowed to pollute space, it's not the problem of the rest of the world! > One company will have accelerated our escape from extinction You mean by sending a few chosen people in space? Or do you believe that connecting smart devices to satellites will somehow solve the climate crisis? xD > it'd be as crowded as ad and social network What's your definition of crowded? I don't feel like there are thousands of successful social networks or ad companies out there... But I get your point: SpaceX is a nonprofit with the purpose of solving the climate crisis by launching as many rockets as they can to fill the sky with satellites. No profit planned, no investors, nothing. My mistake. > No non-profit will ever solve anything at this magnitude, by definition. So when I say they make that for profit, you disagree, and when I say (sarcastically) that they don't want to make profit, you say the opposite again? Choose your camp. Mine is that SpaceX exists because it is profitable. Then one thing that would be worth considering is that technology is the problem today. You seem to consider that cars made the world a better place, that's your opinion. But it would be hard to argue that the current climate crisis is not caused by technology. You're just blindly hoping that more of it will magically solve the problem which is: technology is destroying life on Earth. Because we can do something cool (nobody denies that SpaceX is cool) doesn't mean we should do it. > Earth will be destroyed even with no humans on it. In the long run, technology is the only tool for survival of life. I guess that's where we disagree. I don't care if life goes extinct in twenty thousands years. And I don't want to survive on Mars, looking back at how we destroyed most living beings there. I don't say that technology is bad in itself. Consumerism is. I don't get how it works. If I give my IBAN, then people can send me money, but they cannot take money from me. A scam would need to ask e.g. my credit card data, but at this point it's pretty clear that it's not to send me money. I am not in the US. Is that different there? Like do you use the same numbers for both? Or do people just not know the difference? My way feels so much simpler :-). It's a bit like public/private key: when I use my credit card, I know I'm paying. And if I pay from my bank, I do it from my e-banking and it's super clear. I can allow a company to withdraw directly, but still it's clear I'm doing it (and I don't use that, I hate that feature). Feels like it just prevents such scams. Of course then you can still convince people to "lend" you money ("send me 5k to leave my country and when I'm safe I send you 2M"), but that's slightly different. Does somebody have an opinion about GrapheneOS vs CalyxOS or /e/ OS? I would be interested, they all seem nice. How does it compensate for rolling shutter? Out of curiosity :) > A major reason for the quality issues is that the major drone manufacturers work directly with the proprietary photogrammetry software providers in the field to optimize the algorithms to their drones. Would you care to elaborate? My belief is that all the photogrammetry engine wants is that the drone manufacturer does as few processing as possible on the images, in order to not alter the geometry. I don't see what kind of algorithms coming from the drone manufacturer would help, and therefore I don't see how that's a problem for ODM. But none of that is private data, right? It feels like "tuning". Surely one could characterise Sequoia to improve the camera model, and I doubt they encrypt the exif data, do they? Also Sequoia is a bit of a special example here, that most likely has been carefully tuned by Pix4D. But DJI most probably does nothing for Pix4D that ODM couldn't access. Not criticising ODM (I love OpenSfM and ODM), on the contrary: I feel like those are not fundamental limitations of ODM, and one could put the work of improving support for specific cameras without the need for proprietary information available only to Parrot employees. Or am I missing something? The nice thing is that the drone is completely independent :-). You can use any frame (quad, heli, fixedwing, vtol, rover, boat, submarine, ...) with any autopilot (betaflight, ardupilot, px4, ...) and try it with any camera you want. At the end of the day, all you need is pictures taken "the right way" for the engine. Typically, you want: * Sufficient overlap between the pictures: you need multiple pictures looking at each point in the scene from different angles. * Don't change the focal length, because that changes the camera model and makes it at least harder for the engine. * Ideally have some fairly accurate GPS location in the exif metadata of the pictures. * Avoid motion blur (i.e. don't fly too fast for your camera), and blur in general (i.e. you don't want too much vibration, but you don't need a gimbal). Some Android/iOS apps out there do "flight planning" for you, so it may help (you select the area you want to map and the app instructs the drone to take the right pictures for you). Different apps support different drones, so that's something you want to check. But anyway you should try ODM, because it does not depend on the drone, it just needs pictures =). Hope this helps. What's the non-mediocre alternative to Windows, that allows you to choose your hardware (i.e. not macOS) and that is usable by everybody (i.e. not Linux)? Not sure this applies to Meta, though... I have been using Dockcross for years for cross-compiling Doesn't it "just" say that on top of providing the sources of the binaries you distribute, you must provide/document a way to update them? I call them UpperCamelCase, lowerCamelCase, Upper_Snake_Case, lower_snake_case. You mean that you want your compiler to say "I know that this will sometimes fail, but I'll let you burn yourself unless you enable a flag"? Should it also have a flag to say "Told you!" when it happens? xD Those are independent. Having root access does not mean that other parties do, but more importantly, NOT having root does not mean AT ALL that other parties don't. How do you choose what you put in your CPU? What when Windows forces you to have that kind of hardware? You can choose not to wear that gear, but choosing to not use Windows is much more complicated, at least for most people. Maybe it converged, just like other industries? Say, cars or planes have not fundamentally changed in decades. But would there be other designs that would make them so much better that it would be worth changing? That's not clear to me... Is that only that good libraries should correctly use semver (i.e. be backward-compatible unless they change the major version), or is there complexity somewhere else? My feeling is that dynamic linking is a pain because sometimes one needs, say, 1.2.5 for some part of the code and 1.3.1 for another part, and they are not compatible. Which hints towards the library author having messed up something, right? Feels like this completely misses the problems of habitat destruction, biodiversity, etc. I don't want to live in a big mall, so I'm not really in favour of plans that go "let's go live on Mars, the goal is only for the human species to survive". IMO we need to produce less, consume less, and stop destroying whatever remains of life other than the human species. More energy doesn't seem like the solution to that. > The similarities between the Hypertext Transfer Protocol and the Bitcoin Protocol are almost too perfect. Except maybe for the fact that HTTP was not looking for an actual, legal, constructive use-case that it solved better than existing technologies say... more than a decade after its creation? That's precisely why I said "legal" and "constructive" :-) > we manage almost 10x more without mass starvation Really? We're going towards mass extinction right now. And I think it's pretty safe to say that the growth that allowed us to get here is what's killing us. I don't think we can say we managed, we just haven't paid for it yet. Let's be honest: mass extinction means less people. We are going towards wars and mass starvation. Either we can admit we're not sustainable and try to save what's left, or we can bet that we need to do more (much more, according to the article) of what's killing us, and at some point it will magically work. Yeah waiting is probably good enough, at this point. Adding a data point to your statistics: I sign commits and packages I maintain (when it applies), not my emails. GPS satellites broadcast data, and the GPS receivers (e.g. your phone) only receive. That means that they are completely invisible to the satellites. You are tracked on your phone because it is connected to the Internet somehow, so it can send your location. But with only a GPS receiver (my Garmin running watch for instance), you are completely invisible. Depends on your definition of "best browser" I guess... My best browser is Firefox, precisely because it is not based on Chromium. I disagree. Startup employees care about making a good product, too. That's the rule when you join a startup: you won't have the highest salary, and maybe your startup bankrupts in 6 months, but you get to have more impact. If you don't want the risk and don't want to care, go in an established company. But that all means that you should be transparent with startup employees, because many decisions depend on that at all level. If you hire employees who believe that they have infinite time and money to get the product to work, then you probably did not hire well, IMO. I would argue that it is often relevant for the technical employees to have an idea about how business is going: who wants the product, how they (intend to) use it, and also who discussed a partnership and eventually did not go with the product. As you said, not everyone can be into business. Which also means that not everyone can be technical. Who says that the business people are good at translating requirements from potential clients to technical employees? Isn't it likely that the technical people know more about what is technically possible? If you share too much with your employees, what's the worse case? They leave with that data? So what? If the whole value of the startup is that the founder knows a bunch of business numbers, anyway it doesn't sound very promising. However, if you don't share enough, maybe you miss very good solutions that they would come up with if they had access to all the data. Worse: if your interpretation of what the customers want and what is technically possible is slightly wrong, maybe you will send your whole startup in the wrong direction. All that just because you thought you knew what your technical people needed to make a good product. Parrot Anafi is pretty nice. Haven't tried the Anafi Ai though. That won't be a Mavic, but that's european, and really not bad. Open source would be PX4, Ardupilot and BetaFlight, pretty much. But there you need to build your own frame. > Assuming I get four such emails per week and that it takes two minutes to read and respond to each one, automating this would save me about seven hours of administrative work per year. Am I the only one thinking that it's obviously not how it works? Not even considering the time it took implementing that. I mean it's a fun project, but I don't see the need to justify it with "it will make me more productive". Fun is reason enough. I guess try to use it as your main e-mail for a few years and you may see... This. Wut? Makes no sense to me. What about: "measured against the potential saved [...], before realizing that in the end, it probably won't change anything there"? Just like 5G could potentially reduce the overall consumption, before we realize that actually we use it to the point where it increases them. Or just like any other technology, after all. Why not? Wait, what? What about we start by not destructing our planet? "No no but look: we destroyed most life on a whole planet, but it will be different in a spaceship: there we will live happily in peace forever, without any problem we can't handle (because we destroyed them with our habitat)" One thing that has always been true is that we always put as much crap as possible while not getting unusable. Computers got infinitely more powerful, but websites are not faster to load because they are much bigger. QUIC won't change that, it would just allow for more crap. Because the only thing preventing you from living anywhere is the Internet connection? What abouy access to water, food, infrastructure, social life? That's the thing: not everyone agrees on all that. I personally don't give a damn about saving a subset of humanity by sending them on Mars. But by doing that, we pollute, and that's part of the problem here on Earth (which I care about). Worse: they're not just sending a couple rockets, they send as many as they can, and build services like Starlink, which are about producing and consuming more, which again is part of the problem. I am of those who believe that if technology is a big part of the problem, then more of it won't make it better. But it's not like I have a choice, so instead of waiting for a potential asteroid that will kill me while some (rich US citizen, maybe?) survive on Mars, I am here waiting for the catastrophes we are creating. And the biggest catastrophes we will experience in this modern life... are almost exclusively due to the energy credits we spent by burning the eons-old reservoirs of solar energy, of dead plants and animals. Honestly not sure it's a win. Maybe they had less, but they had not destroyed most trees, mammals and insects (which we have already), and all that for what? For a future where we will most likely have much, much less energy, and therefore where most our modern system... will collapse. Can we debate the "the world is so much better than it was pre-industrial revolution" statement? That's IMO the most interesting part here. If you run your own homeserver and talk to people on homeservers you trust, that's fine. Now chances are that you talk to people who are not on your server, right? I like Matrix a lot, but the way I use IRC: for public rooms. For private discussions, I use Signal Messenger, which seems to get e2ee right, and does clever stuff to reduce their access to metadata (pretty sure matrix homeservers have to know in which rooms I am to fetch my messages, right?) > As far as Signal goes, my main concern there is just how centralized it is. That's the whole point of end-to-end encryption: you don't have to trust the server if e2ee is done right. Matrix is decentralized, but as this disclosure shows, they have issues with e2ee. Signal is centralized, but I have never, ever heard of a security issue with the Signal protocol. So yeah... you may have concerns about Signal being centralized (e.g. they have the power to shut it down, and I guess they could ban users), but end-to-end encryption is not one. Actually Signal probably has one of the best e2ee out there. > and things like the server-assisted initial key exchange are both bolted-on and often omitted from security analysis in a way that I find very dubious. You mean the Extended Triple Diffie-Hellman? What do you mean by "bolted-on"? Would you consider it "bolted-on" too, if it was just a normal Diffie-Hellman (hence not asynchronous)? And the zero-knowledge groups still don't give that capability to the servers, do they? > Signal has security bugs line the best of them. I was talking about the Signal protocol. > it’s questionable if this counts as “issues with e2ee” Fair point. It's not a problem in the encryption protocol, but it is a design problem on the group membership control. Now I think it's not completely fair to compare that to the Signal private contact discovery, which relies on SGX enclaves. First, because it's private (if you trust the SGX enclave technology), and second because even if it was not, I believe it is a pretty different level of "design problem": "if the secure enclave does not work, then the server can access a hash of your addressbook" vs "if the whole system works as expected, AND you don't constantly keep an eye on the group members, it could be that a malicious actor reads the content of your messages". Or am I misunderstanding something? They are actually pretty damn good for some criminal use-cases... Money laundering is one. What about ransomware? What about malware mining cryptocurrencies? Also I think North Korea is using cryptocurrencies to get money out of cyberattacks. It does not feel like all this is prevented by trivial analysis, is it? Note: valuable as in "people are willing to pay for it", not as "it is solving a use-case better than alternatives" Yep. I think the one place where blockchain shines is cryptocurrencies. If it's not a cryptocurrency, then there is a better alternative. I wonder if Darknet Diaries will someday become the XKCD of security stories: "there is a Darknet Diaries for that" :) Well the stupid popup is coming from the stupid website. If they stopped collecting data they mostly don't use (let's be honest, most websites probably don't do anything useful with most of the data), then they would not have to show the popup. Does it? I mean China is not exactly as free a market as the US, and I wouldn't say they are lagging horribly behind... on the contrary in many cases You mean, like the Internet? Or GPS? Also the US government is injecting a ton of money into private companies, so it's not necessarily visible. Technology is the problem, not the solution. Doing more technology increases the problem, as can been seen from the data over the last decades. What you're looking for is magic. Magic would solve it. Because surely you were an expert on covid and its consequences early on during the pandemic, and surely you have proven (and published) that the measures taken (given the knowledge at the time where they were taken) were counter-productive in the long run, right? While entire countries will keep the imperial system versus the metric system, I'll never believe in global standardisation. Even if it's strictly better, there will always be a cost to changing, and therefore not everyone will agree. Would someone happen to know what that means for MFi/accessories? Hint: Apple themselves don't seem to be aware that USB-C does not have an MFi program. > Didn't need to be an expert to see where all of this was going. Sure, there is never a need to be an expert to claim knowing more than them. Also, I'm not completely convinced that it's exclusively related to the Covid lockdowns in Europe. For instance, many companies were very quick to restart (or were not even stopped) in Europe, but struggle with the IC shortage... which is not coming from Europe, is it? It's simpler to think "technology will save us" than "we as a species screwed up and have already destroyed 2/3 of wild life (not talking about the consequences of global warming, that's yet to come), maybe we should change drastically". Right. Yeah it seems to make sense that a pandemic followed by a war would have an impact on the economy :-/. Feels like the typical extrapolation: "Look how fast we've done the 80%! It is only a matter of time until we reach 100%". Except that it never works like that, does it? The further we go, the harder it becomes. It's impressive how fast they went from nothing to almost-fully-autonomous cars, but actually-fully-autonomous cars may never happen, who knows? As a developer, I honestly feel more threatened by the energy crisis to come (end of fossil fuels in the next couple of decades) than with AI replacing my job. Not ridiculous at all, depends on your threat model. It's perfect for me. For clarity, you allow the open source client app (which you can audit and compile yourself) to securely share your contact list with a secure enclave (which is open source so you can audit it as well). You can audit your Signal client app (which is open source) and see exactly what it sends, and how. Now realistically, most people can do that, so they have to trust that somebody who can actually did it. Security experts have been and are looking into messengers like Signal: they have an interest to do so as security researchers, because that would look good on their CV. Of course there is trust somewhere, you cannot do without trust. But Signal is amongst the best you can find. There is always trust involved. The question is: what's your threat model? You can compile Signal yourself, but maybe you don't trust your OS, or your hardware, or your cleaning lady, or your wife. Signal cannot do anything if your phone got compromised by Pegasus, but they never claimed they could. That's exactly equivalent with decentralised software. Because of their threat model. Signal has very good e2e encryption, but somebody could take over the account over SMS (note: they would not access any encrypted message, and that would reset the key so the contacts would know that a change happened and could verify the key if it matters for them). Telegram, on the other hand, is mostly not e2e encrypted, so their cloud can read all of your messages. Pick your favourite. Except that if you are not using secret chats (most people are not), then Telegram is not end-to-end encrypted, is it? Meaning that the server can read the messages. The problem is that people misunderstand the security model in Telegram, and believe that it's e2ee. Except that most features are not, only secret chats are e2ee, and people mostly don't use those (because the whole point of Telegram is the nice group features). You just said it yourself: "normal chats are not end-to-end encrypted". The normality on Telegram is messages that their servers can read. The problem is the social graph. You need to know the ID of all your contacts at some point, right? Either that's stored on the server (e.g. your Facebook friends), but then the server has access to it, or it's stored locally in your app, but if you lose your phone then you lose your graph. Signal has been working on a way to store your graph securely on their servers, but it's hard, and not there yet. The great point about your contact list is that it is decentralised, and it exists already (so you don't have to exchange an ID with all your friends manually). This. You have to trust something at some point. What you trust just depends on your threat model. The Signal server knows your phone number. Not your contact list, just your phone number (hashed or not, I don't really care). Your contact list is only ever shared with the secure enclave, which cryptographically ensures that nobody else can read it, and the code being run in the enclave is open source and authenticated (so you can verify that the enclave is not sending your contact list to the Signal developers). If you trust the secure enclave, then your contact list is not shared with the server. Wrong. That's exactly the point of the secure enclave. I think it's not that hard: - Number of scams/crimes enabled by crypto in the last decade: a ton - Number of constructive, noncriminal use-cases observed in the last decade: zero By "constructive", I mean a use-case for which it is the best solution, which rules out every single blockchain use that is not a cryptocurrency. And the cryptocurrencies are the ones enabling the crime and scams. Question makes perfect sense. My understanding is that hackers could forge transactions and send money to their wallet. So they took the money from many wallets and moved it to one (or many) of their wallets. Nobody can cancel those transactions, even if everyone can see them. That's by design (and that's what makes it great for criminal use-cases, among other things). Wait, maybe not. Seems like it was taken from the BNB chain. Not sure if that's "created out of thin air", though... maybe closer to printing money from the central bank? Not sure xD Not sure what your point is. You're saying that you can live without trusting anything at all? Say you don't trust that absorbing any kind of liquid is safe, how do you survive more than a few days? Do you prove it first? Based on what, if you don't trust anything? Trust is all around us, we constantly choose to trust (or not) things. I don't want them to have access to my messages and make a profile out of me, even less of billions of people. That's why I also care about metadata: social graph is valuable for profiling. I don't write anything that would be interesting to the NSA, I'm not a target for them, so I don't care if they see I use Signal. BTW, say you have an anonymous Telegram username, I'm pretty sure it's trivial to find your name from the content of your messages. Or just from the metadata. Yes, their blog posts are really good. Read about the sealed sender, too! And then realise that even with sealed sender, if you send from your home IP, then you are identifiable. So you should send from a reasonably anonymous IP (w.r.t. your threat model) Just build it from source... Not impossible, but that's definitely not trivial to do. If it matters to you, you should build it from source. If it's just out of curiosity... yeah reproducible builds are a thing, but generally that's not super straightforward in practice, I would say. Yep, you have to trust the secure enclave for this to work! Because you forget that you need to build your contact list (if you don't use the phone numbers), which for 99% of users (including me) is a major pain. Then your backup idea works, but kind of sucks in terms of UX (at least in Signal's point of view), and therefore they decided to go with phone number first, and work on going towards usernames later. Don't worry, you haven't invented anything. It's just that your idea is not at the level of UX provided by WhatsApp/Signal, and the solution is more complex than you think. Let's be honest: if you want privacy, you use Signal. If you want the nice UX (at the cost of lower privacy guarantees), you use Telegram. The problem is only when people fail to understand that the only private chats in Telegram are the ones that remove all the UX benefits, and instead believe that their "normal chats" and groups are private. Yes, and that's a choice. You can choose UX (Telegram) over privacy (Signal), and I am fine with it. Just don't pretend that Telegram is private. That's not an addition: e2ee requires a way to verify keys. Without that it's not proper e2ee. Which you mostly don't want to use if you use Telegram. The nice features of Telegram are the ones that are not e2ee!!! Having secret chats is mostly for marketing, to pretend it's private. But it's mostly confusing. Exactly: it's not a secure messenger. It has an option of secret chats which is not as private as Signal. If you want privacy, use Signal. If you want UX, use Telegram. Just don't pretend Telegram is private. Both are fine, but people need to know what they are doing. They thought about that, but it's harder than you think. They even explain why on their blog. Yes, and they are working on it. It's just harder than it seems, and it is not as important as people seem to think. I value much more the work Signal did on metadata than the username vs phone number debate. Ask them how many users choose to sync their contacts :). I did. A big mistake you make is to think that someone would be powerful enough to find you personally on Signal, but would fail to find you on an insecure chat in a video game. If you are not interesting for the NSA, giving your phone number to Signal is fine. If you are... run. The counterstrike chat won't hide you. Half of the world phone numbers have leaked already (including with a Facebook leak a few years ago). But that's not what's valuable. What's valuable is the social graph: who are your contacts, and who are you writing to. Signal works very hard to not know any of that. And it does it better than the alternatives I know. The whole point of e2ee is that you don't need to know what the server is running, just check the (open source) client. The point of their private contact discovery is to leverage SGX enclaves so that you can verify what code is running on their server. Sealed senders allow you to send a message without revealing to the server who you are. The whole point of Signal is to build something that you don't have to trust. But of course you need to put some effort to understand it (and what it means, e.g. if you don't trust your OS running the client or if you don't trust the SGX enclave). You miss the point. The point is that you have to trust something at some point. It's your choice what to trust, but you cannot live without trust. Don't trust Google Services, that's great. Trust your favourite alternative instead. The whole point of e2ee is that you don't have to care about that! Yeah that's harder. If it mattered to me (like for my own physical integrity), I would compile it myself. I looked into it, and it was technically interesting, but honestly much harder than compiling from source. Do actually secure smartphones exist? Ever heard of Pegasus? The secure enclave guarantees cryptographically that you are running the code you say you are running. That code (private contact discovery) is open source and authenticated by your client using remote attestation. It's not just a hash, it's an SGX enclave. At that point, your phone is vulnerable. As is your computer, and your connected fridge. If your threat model does not allow it, use manual e2ee with pigeons. Otherwise, well secure enclave will get better with time, which will make Signal better too. Does that mean that the secure enclave technology will die? Feels like: 1. SGX is just an implementation, could be replaced by something else. 2. SGX still works on CPUs that have it. Again, no. You have to trust your eyes before you walk on a bridge (maybe there is no bridge, and your eyes are being magically tricked into seeing one?), you have to trust that the bridge will not collapse while you are on it. Don't want to trust the bridge? Trusting means taking risks, for sure. But there is still trust. Sure. I just don't get what your point is. Since you don't trust any communications at all, then let's use whatever has the best UX even if it is plaintext, and live with the consequences of mass surveillance? I don't get what it does. Is ActivityPub used like some kind of RSS feed that people can follow? I kind of get lost with the ActivityPub/Fediverse story. When I subscribe to a blog's RSS feed, it's a decentralised and anonymous way of "following" the blog. Now if the blog uses ActivityPub and federates with Mastodon instances, then it's not a blog anymore, right? Or similarly, if Lemmy is supposed to be like Reddit, then it should not federate with Mastodon (everything that federates with Mastodon kind of becomes a Twitter alternative, doesn't it?). Probably I haven't understood the idea yet. Well it's far from easy with Telegram, too. Exactly what I was thinking: I don't see the point of running a server on an old Android device. Just install Linux there, right? And typically there pmOS seems like a promising project! Sure, but not everyone has the same opportunities. So I'd say we should focus on the best we _can_ do personally. It's better for me to focus on recycling my electronics than focusing on the ecological impact of the modern commercial satellites madness. Because I cannot do anything about Starlink and the likes, but I can recycle my phone. The whole point of the covid measures was/is not to avoid getting covid, but to slow it down. Because if everyone is sick at the same time, it's extremely bad. There is a balance to find between living the rest of your life with a mask and refusing to help slowing the pandemic down by doing a small effort, because YOLO. But that's far from being globally understood. Personally I don't want fun names, but I wish people used unique, writable, pronounceable names. Try to search for "camera" and see if you find this project. On the other hand, v4l2 is pretty unique. If all text editors are called "TextEditor", maybe the name says what it is, but the name is useless. For a company, you just use the company name ("Microsoft Word", assuming that the company name is unique enough), but for an open source project... "Is Numbers a calculator? Or an accounting app maybe?" "Is Calendar the one I just installed, or is it the one Apple is forcing me to use?" "Wait, so there is an app called Mail that I cannot remove, but my e-mail app is called Thunderbird? Let me note that." 1) People will learn the name of the apps they use, it's not that hard 2) Not all browsers can be called "browser". Sorry I meant it as a general comment for project names, not for this one in particular. And it is just my preference: given that "names that say what it does" don't really help me discriminate projects in general, I feel like "unique names" would be better. And if, like many company, a ton of money will be put into infinite brainstorming sessions by people with a good salary, I feel like maybe just going for a fun, unique name would be cheaper and not less effective. "Apple" does not return the fruit in the top results, but I wouldn't say it's a good name for a new project in 2022. Same for "word", I wouldn't advise you call your project like this, even if the top results are "Microsoft Word" and nothing related to the actual meaning of the word. I come from an industry where everyone uses the same prefixes/suffixes (related to the industry) together with names that "mean something". As a result, it's never really unique, and the only way to differentiate them is to always name them together with the company name. There is one in particular where the company name says what their product does, and it is similar to another product. For that one I _always_ need to Google it and go check the geographical location of both companies, because that's how I differentiate them: the names (and in this case the company name) do not help me. Coming from Europe, I was very surprised in Vegas when I needed to spend 10min crossing a road with a taxi, because it was hell to do those few hundred metres by foot. I think that there is a lot of work that can be done for public transportation (and pedestrians) in the US. At least in dense cities. My guess would be that HTTPS checks the certificate, but SSH does not (does it?). First time you connect to a server with SSH, you have to accept a fingerprint. And once in a while it complains for some reason, and the typical move is to erase the file that stores those fingerprints, right? Well this is not the right way to do it (vulnerable to MITM), but that's how I see most people use it. Your hardware key mostly ensures that nobody steals your private key, but it cannot magically authenticate the remote server (which is what you need against MITM). Because you think that the US government does not benefit from all that data going through US companies like Facebook/Apple/Google? More privacy w.r.t. those wouldn't hurt non-US countries, I would say. And 15 years ago it was cool, wasn't it? I did not know it was a thing in English! This said, in French it is "tout de suite", but apparently both are correct in English. Counter-examples: I have had expert teachers that were really good, and others that were really bad. I have had non-expert teachers that were really good (at explaining what they knew), and others that were really bad. Sounds to me that being a good teacher may be orthogonal to being an expert. With the caveat that you need to understand "enough" of what you teach: I have seen teachers giving wrong explanations (in a non-constructive way) about topics I was more knowledgeable than them about. Yeah, they "partially agree" for some point, and "partially disagree" for some other point. Does not sound like they "debunk". Yes, in French it tends to be pronounced "tou tsuit" (if I can spell it this way :D). If the encryption is good, shouldn't it be fine to say that you use it? E.g. I need to share my public PGP key, but it does not make me particularly vulnerable, does it? For one, it's not so clear anymore that Elon actually wants to buy Twitter, is it? Then Bluesky would have to succeed, for Twitter to move there. How many web3 projects have succeeded yet? Maybe this is the Year of The Web3 project. For anything to be a universal handle, you need everything to support it. Will every single project start using this protocol? Probably not. So it won't be a universal handle, just another account. No, we shouldn't. The world is running on fossil energy, and that energy is going to go down. We should primarily work on preparing for a world with reduced energy. Much better in that it is open source (so you can audit the e2ee), and it does a lot about metadata. It is actually better at protecting metadata than many decentralized alternatives. Nobody said it was perfect. It's just better. Why not IRC? That's old fashion, and amazing :) Is it also the time to remind about the fact that Telegram is not end-to-end encrypted? I mean, the "secret chats" are end-to-end encrypted, but if you use Telegram that's the last thing you want to use. If you use Telegram with only the secret chats, then Signal is better. If you use all the cool features of Telegram, then your communications are not end-to-end encrypted (i.e. the Telegram server and whoever can hack them can read everything). They say they do, but you have to trust them. You don't have to trust Signal, you can audit the sources (or trust some third party to do it for you). > The fact that it's closed source just means that we can't verify that for ourselves. That's really the whole point. As far as we know, it could be that it is not e2ee at all. Also from the moderation article, it's not clear to me what that means: if I report you, does that mean that the moderators will get access to all your recent conversations? Could be, right? But then the FBI could report you for no reason, and then ask WhatsApp to provide your recent conversations. Which would effectively act as some kind of backdoor, right? "Just quickly add this one more feature, you'll have time to refactor after the release" Honestly, if it really mattered a lot to me (i.e. to my own security), I would compile Signal from source and install it on my device. Which I could not do with WhatsApp. But they make the compilation slower, don't they? If the library is open source, I'm fine compiling it once and then linking it. Not a big fan of header-only libs to be honest. Technically Musk paid people to do it. Pretty sure he doesn't know how it works. Well there is an IRCv3, so it is evolving. And honestly Slack/Discord don't bring that much IMO, at least for the cost of running on a damn ElectronJS app in a proprietary system. All that for what? Reactions to messages? The fact is that average users don't make any considerations about privacy/freedom/technical merit: they just jump on whatever is used by their own contacts. Nobody is using Mastodon because nobody is using Mastodon. It feels like one solution to that would be marketing. And given who is behind ATProto, they may have a shot at convincing many people to use their new shiny app. No shit. I wonder: could one possibly run a custom ROM like bangleJS on a Garmin? Are there projects reverse engineering them? Something like BangleJS? The market works in mysterious ways :). That also explains why ElectronJS is so successful. There are the people who don't want a specific message to leak (politicians, journalists), and then there is the whole surveillance capitalism story. We need e2ee so that companies cannot profile entire populations using the content of their messages (they can still do a lot with metadata, admittedly). This reasoning is the reason why better alternatives struggle. "I get that it would be better, but I don't care so I won't use the better alternatives". That's debatable, since WhatsApp has e2ee and Telegram doesn't (nobody uses Telegram for the secret chats, let's be honest). You mix up concepts. The client app is responsible for e2ee, you don't have to care about the server. So you can actually audit the client code and make sure it is e2ee, which you cannot do with WhatsApp. In other words, for e2ee you must trust WhatsApp, not Signal. I presume that for the outdated code, you think about the server code. That's different and would imply metadata, not message content. Signal is e2ee, and you don't have to trust them for that. Moxie is not at Signal anymore. Federating is hard, and Signal is trying hard to solve the metadata problem in a fundamentally different way (which I happen to believe is better). I see you want federation, that's fine. I want private metadata. Don't use Signal if it doesn't do what you want, but maybe try to accept that not every project should do what you want. They have their preferences too. "Don't get me wrong I get that making encryption the standard should be the way to go" That did sound like saying "it would be better to make encryption the standard", didn't it? That's wrong. If it is end-to-end encrypted, then the server admins still cannot read it. Use e2ee messengers (like Signal) for DMs, use Mastodon (or whatever you want) for public posts. Decentralisation is orthogonal to privacy. Your messages can be end-to-end encrypted on a centralised system (e.g. Signal) and not on a decentralises system (apparently here Mastoson). Decentralisation is about control: the Signal admins could shut down the server and kill the service. For Mastoson, if you stop one server, the others still work. That's wrong. A "website" can do e2ee. You just need to do the encryption/decryption on the client side. Protonmail does that, Mega, etc. > I just get a greasy feeling from the lock-in, the heavy marketing, the fact that everyone refuses to speak critically of them unless it’s about anonymous usernames. There are two things: First, say the Android apk they distribute has a backdoor, and someone realizes that (it's distributed to millions of people, could be that someone checks). Then that's the end of Signal, right? So that's a big risk for them. That's for the "mass surveillance" scenario. Not perfect, but that's something. Second, if you fear a targeted attack, then self-compile Signal. It's not that difficult if you care about it. It is only downloading, right? Is that tolerated? Anyway it's a cool post! Would be nice to see a follow-up for the upload/sharing part! That's what lucky people say. > And what about this 'looking for twitter alternatives' crap? Well every opportunity is good to try to promote your network, isn't it? IMO because hydrogen is less efficient (by a factor of two, I believe) than using the electricity directly. So given that we are going to have less energy in the future (because fossil fuels are not unlimited, e.g. we passed the production peak of conventional oil back in 2008), then we should use it wisely. And we need hydrogen for other applications (steel, methanol, fertilisers), so probably we should keep it for those. The fact is that you need energy to produce hydrogen, and then car engines are less efficient with hydrogen than with electricity. And the other points remain: we need hydrogen in other important fields (probably more important than cars, right?), so we should keep it there. If we get more efficient at producing hydrogen for those applications, that's good. No need to add cars on top. Was that worth a downvote? At least, if my question was that stupid, could you point me to the part of the blog post where it shows how pieces are sent to other peers? No. I'm thinking that a BitTorrent client, in my naive understanding, should share the file while it downloads it. Otherwise it's just a client/server system, isn't it? That code is only downloading, as far as I can tell. Never sharing the file. I was just asking if that's tolerated in BitTorrent. My guess was that it is not. > It is a client/server system, but pulling from $n hosts instead of just 1, spreading out the load and also downtime risk across all $n hosts. Well the point of peer to peer is that peers share while they download. Otherwise, if everyone only downloads, then it doesn't really get distributed. Also I meant client/server in opposition to p2p. Many non-p2p systems "on the cloud" spread the load and downtime risk across machines, that is independent from the p2p part. > using BT to download, but then exiting without attempting to seed anything I am not saying that you should keep sharing after it is downloaded. But typically BT clients "force" you to share while downloading. > And the reason I mentioned the "ratio currency" is your use of the word "tolerated" here: BitTorrent isn't the mafia, it's just a protocol that offers the ability to share pieces back to the Internet. Sure, sorry for my english, not my mothertongue :-). I know it is not the mafia, and I know it is a protocol. I used the word "tolerated" to ask whether or not, in practice, that gets you banned. Thanks a lot for the insights! It's already really instructive, for the download part! And it changes from all those Twitter-related posts recently, to be honest :-). Thanks for the nitpick. Now let's read this again as "Apps implementing the Matrix protocol...". If one app found a way to make a nice UX for it, all the others would follow. So in practice it seems perfectly reasonable to say "Matrix" when talking about the general UX found in apps implementing the Matrix protocol, doesn't it? > They will lose a lot of people if they don't. I don't think they will. But the same question applies: why? It feels very weird to have both a very good end-to-end encryption (the Signal encrypted messages) and a very bad system (SMS) together in the same app. People should just move away from SMS, it's not like it's hard. I can accept that it is a real argument, since so many people mention it. But I just don't get it. People have multiple apps for their social networks, and are completely fine with them. Snapchat, Facebook, TikTok, WhatsApp, Telegram. At the end of the day, I think it's just an excuse. They don't want to install Signal because they follow what others do, and it seems like others are not on Signal. Instead of saying: "Install Signal, it will be your new SMS app", if you said "What? You don't have Signal? That's the new thing man", I'm sure they would try it. Then realize that they don't have contacts there, and uninstall it (because they reaaaaaallly need to save those 6MB badly on their phone, for some reason). People don't use what's best, people use what other people use. They don't want to think. Still they have many. Really how many people exclusively use SMS on their phone? On Android, I have been using it for a while with Unified push: for Tusky (Mastodon client) and Element (Matrix client). Works well, I wish more services were using UnifiedPush (so that I would not need the constant Telegram notification, for instance). Don't check what Slack (or WhatsApp before) is, then. I think people mostly don't care, but I personally sign my commits. And if you rebase, you lose the signature (well, maybe the person rebasing re-signs it). But then it means that my commits are not signed by me anymore. Feels like an interesting point against rebase workflows to me, but nobody mentioned it, so maybe it's just me. I have been working remotely for a long time (before covid). I think you can link that to my degree of engagement in the meeting. If my camera is off, chances are that I'm doing something else in parallel (meaning that if I could politely refuse to participate, I would) :-). For 1 on 1s I always have my camera on, even when the other doesn't (happens to me). An exception would be if I take the call on my phone (e.g. in the train), in which case I explain it at the beginning of the call. So if I organized a daily meeting and most cameras were off, I would actually question the very existence of the meeting. But standups are a popular cargo cult ceremony, so it seems difficult to question them when they don't seem to make sense :-). IQ is to intelligence what counting lines of code is to developer performance. They are paid to work on what they see as an extremely cool project. They feel special because they work there, and for that I can totally imagine that they are fine having that guy as the CEO. This. From his point of view, he was pushed to that. Of course I condemn it, but if we could accept that he does not perceive the West the way we do, maybe it would help. From where he stands, democracy is a threat. The fact that we disagree won't change it. Just wanted to note that neither Tesla nor SpaceX remotely solve global warming. But before Putin, Putin was not in charge. One could argue that he improved his own situation, yes? Except that maybe, just maybe, users won't stay if Twitter suddenly is not Twitter anymore but some kind of WeChat. Users are what gives it value, but users are here for the app, not for the brand. That's what Metasbook seems to have forgotten when making Instagram look like TikTok. If people want TikTok, they will go to TikTok, not to Instagram. And I feel extremely targeted because I did a similar tunnel recently Unfortunately, it's very likely that those technologies will never be able to remove a significant amount of CO2 from the atmosphere. It seems to be more and more appearing that the problem is that we consume too much energy. And so the solution is to do less, not more. You sound like it is obvious to you, but those two points are generally not accepted yet: * CO2 emissions are linked to GDP. Lowering one means lowering the other. * We can't magically absorb CO2 from the atmosphere. Except that it is not just about money. Say you invent a machine that takes CO2 out of the atmosphere. How do you build it? With energy, and in the foreseeable future, out of mostly fossil energy, which emits CO2 (you need machines to extract the material needed for that thing, machines to transform those, trucks to move everything around, energy to make the machine run, energy to maintain it, etc). So you emit CO2 to create, run and maintain a machine that will try to pull it out of the atmosphere. Good luck with that. That's their feeling. Feelings don't have to make sense, you just have to accept that everyone is different :-). > I often do not consent to giving MS Teams or Zoom my facial details in any form. That's actually a very good point: I never thought about the fact that I was sharing my video with those companies. > if there could be a world where we have a standard... Probably not. Which may someday replace Arch in the saying that Arch people never forget to mention they are using Arch :-). Yes but those are fairly straightforward commands that are not really relevant (the post is about using v4l2 and gphoto). kjchess is pretty fun, just tried! They have a nice community, you could try to add support for your tablet! Have been using /e/OS for 1.5 years on my Fairphone 3+, I love it! Not sure what you mean about their ecosystem, I personally don't have an eCloud account. They have a NextCloud integration that I don't use but could work with your self-hosted instance. So yeah, no lock-in as far as I can tell. Also it appears to me that there is quite some drama between GrapheneOS and CalyxOS, and apparently the author of GrapheneOS already had some drama with their previous employer. So overall it did not help me trusting both of those projects. With /e/OS I haven't seen such a thing, it just feels like a nice community. It's easier for Apple to do because they make both the hardware and the OS. Say you are Sony and make an Android phone. You take some version of Android and port it to your hardware (with patches for your hardware e.g. in Linux, etc). Your Android system is now effectively a fork. Now say you want to get updates from upstream regularly. Every time, you may have conflicts with your patches, and you have to fix them. That's costly, so why would you do that for old phones people already paid years ago? Long story short, I believe it's easier for Apple to not break compatibility with old iPhones than for an Android OEM to stay up-to-date with upstream. For a while, I was trying on old phones. I had LineageOS on my Samsung Galaxy S2, and it had a lot of problems (camera did not work, it would sometimes get hot and reboot, etc). Not the best experience but it was fun to try when my S2 got old. Recently I feel like alt OSes have become really mature. I have been using a de-Googled /e/OS on a Fairphone 3+ for 1.5 years and I don't have anything to complain about the system. Even the store now works very well. So I'd say, for your next phone, choose something that is well supported by those alternative OSes (typically Fairphone is), so that you can try, and fallback to stock Android if that's not working for you. It's based in the Netherlands. Not sure how difficult it is for Fairphone to work in the US, my understanding is that the US carriers are trickier than others. My guess would be that the OEMs don't mainline their patches. At least from what I understood looking at PostmarketOS, they spend a lot of energy mainlining those devices they support. I guess it's different for laptops, somehow. Well, that is not enough to convince me. Regarding GrapheneOS, I have read extremely aggressive posts from the author against their previous company. I thought that maybe it was a toxic company, and the GrapheneOS was right (why not?). Then I've seen exchanges between the GrapheneOS author and some Calyx people on some GitHub issue, and they were borderline insulting each other. At this point is difficult for me to believe that somehow the GrapheneOS author is always the victim. And if that's the case, then that's bad for the CalyxOS community anyway. Maybe that's misinformation, and they all love each other. Maybe not. How could I tell? What I see is that I would not want to be part of such discussions. Nice to have a list, though many points there are debatable. It's always a question of threat model. The /e/OS experience is perfect for me, and I am convinced it is much more likely to reach my friends than e.g. GrapheneOS, which is much more into security (at the cost of UX). In the end it's good to have the alternative, and to realise that they target different profiles. > It’s fine to emit a small amount of co2 to extract a larger amount. No it is not. Simple example: if you need 1000 times the remaining fossil fuel on Earth to extract the CO2 needed to "save the climate", then by definition you simply don't have remotely enough energy on Earth to do it, so your system is not only not viable, but it's counter-productive because it is using some of that remaining fossil fuel for almost nothing. > I cannot fathom how a browser/WebView from 7 months ago with 244 known security issues including multiple zero-days and a PDF reader from 6 years ago with 55 known security issues is in anyone's threat model. I use Firefox, not their chromium-based browser. I can't mention an app that I use that is using a WebView though... I remember there was one, but I could set it up to use my browser. I use their PDF reader, I'll have to check that. > Do realize that combined with their Advanced Privacy app which routes users over Tor, it can very well result in HTTP only connections being MiTM'ed. I don't route over Tor. Modern aviation was born with fossil fuels, and it will die with fossil fuels. We should probably just start accepting it... Feels like an optimistic projection, though. Are you suggesting that Parrot has been benefiting from industrial espionage? That's absolutely ridiculous. First, everyone is way behind DJI, that's just a fact. You can buy a DJI drone, open it, inspect it, and still not be able to do a perfect alternative at the same price. Second, some UAV autopilots were written by a couple engineers more than a decade ago, and today there are pretty advanced open source autopilots, with open source protocols and open source apps to control them. I don't know about your other claims, but given the UAV one, I must now doubt them. Except I don't usually lose my family in the plane xD Is it close to being released? Or is that all theoretical? Actually I used Matrix for 2 years and went back to IRC recently when I realised that the really cool channels I cared about where on IRC. A few are on Discord (which I really don't like). To me, Matrix seems to be in the middle, and I don't find anyone there. You seem to complain mostly about the bouncer. There are services that will "just work" for you, like IRCCloud or chat.sr.ht (and certainly others). You just will just have history without knowing about what a bouncer is. And I don't want to download a full embedded browser (not my browser of choice, on top of that) for every small app under the sun. And ElectronJS is just that. Not convinced. One could argue that Discord and Slack ate a bigger part of it. And then Matrix is very very heavy as compared to IRC. Not sure I get your point. Say you use IRCCloud on your phone, you don't need anything else, do you? Because they have different opinions doesn't mean they are detached from reality. IRCCloud shows images in the feed, for instance. I just like the fact that I don't need that overhead in my client if I don't want it. Have you tried IRCCloud? Ok maybe I should take them separately: > Do any IRC clients support inline media upload/viewing, profile pictures, voice/video calls, or replies/threading? These are the things I would consider the core essentials of IM. Any serious platform has all of this plus a whole lot more. Media upload is purely on the client side. If IRCCloud lets you to drag-and-drop an image, uploads it to some server, and then sends the URL, then that's still entirely IRC (I will receive the URL), but IRCCloud is making it easier for you. Same for viewing content: I send a URL, and your IRCCloud will show a preview (image/video), while my client won't. That's purely on the client side. For voice and video calls, IMO I don't want it in my messaging app. I can use my browser for that, or a dedicated app. And again, share a link to my videoconference over IRC. Replies/threading are a tricky one. I hate the replies in Discord, and I don't really get threads. I see Slack channels where the rule is "answer only in threads", which to me says that they want a forum (like Discourse), not an instant messaging app. > But in this case also users not using the same client or same server as I am get to see those things. Pretty sure that if you use replies or threads in Matrix when talking in an IRC channel, then people on IRC won't see them as replies or threads. > and it's not really more open in any substantive sense [...]. So why would one bother? Not for you, because you want to use a turnkey solution, and you don't want to pay for it (instead relying on whatever model they have where you are the product, I guess?). But if you use IRC to talk to me, I can run my own bouncer for free, and I can run the client I want. I can even write my bouncer and my client, and still talk to you. That's infinitely more open than Discord. It's just that you don't care about others. But this is not fundamentally a limitation of the IRC protocol, is it? Totally with you on that. I understand that other people don't want the same thing as I do, and I accept it. But somehow I don't get that they, on their side, cannot understand the reverse (i.e. that I don't necessarily want what they want). TL;DR: "Not yet." Sounds like a very important and constructive use-case :-) > Expecting everyone else to pay extra for a worse experience so that you can use it the way you want seems pretty entitled. Yeah, the price is an issue indeed. I guess that's why we keep having monopolies: it's easier to get VC money if you can ensure user lock-in, and it's easier to make a nice UX if you have VC money. Now, don't think you don't pay those proprietary messengers. You just pay differently. What about commit signatures? If you rebase, you lose the original signature, don't you? What about the commit signatures? Only merge keeps them, right? > As someone who is rather distrustful of the real motives of the security in general Do you mind elaborating on that? Well here it sounds more like "break things and be an asshole", to be honest. I wonder what would have happened, had he fired 75% of the engineers when he took control of Tesla /s. Or they could use RSS on their own blog somewhere? Well then at least those accounts that are "less important" are probably not worse off in a password manager than sharing one password, are they? How do you mean that? If the Bitwarden developer account is compromised, one can indeed send an app that steals the passwords. But the devs would (most likely) see that someone else is pushing updates, and that would be the end of Bitwarden, so you can consider it is their job to not let that happen :-). This is not specific to Bitwarden though, it's the same for all apps. Now because Bitwarden is open source, you can actually compile and install it yourself (if you're confident that the sources you are compiling are the legitimate ones, and not a fork that will steal your passwords ;-)). Same applies for e.g. Signal Messenger: since it's difficult to check what version of the code is coming from your store, you can always compile it from source and install it yourself. I don't have problems with dependencies in C++ using CMake. Maybe I'm doing it wrong xD. It is harder to get 400 dependencies than with other ecosystems, I'll admit that. But I see this as a feature. I can't even start to imagine how people deal with security when the most basic app they write gets tens (hundreds?) of transitive dependencies. I guess they don't. Nobody cares about security. I have worked with Android (ant, maven, gradle), iOS (CocoaPods, Carthage, SwiftPM), C++ (CMake, autotools, meson) and some Python. Never needed 18 programming languages to build. I actually don't think CMake is harder than Gradle or SwiftPM. Most people I see complaining about CMake actually write bad CMakeLists, so the way I see it is that they don't want to learn the basics. And that's maybe why e.g. gradle works better: for many projects, the IDE is probably able to automatically handle an imperfect and not-so-readable gradle configuration, so people don't need to learn gradle. But the result is the same: they don't really master their build tool. I would argue that Gradle is fine, just like CMake is :-). But there is a philosophical question here: I think that developers should master their basic tools to the point where they don't make a mess writing a CMakeLists.txt or a build.gradle. It feels like many devs think that a tool is too complex if you need to learn it. This ^. I seems common for people to try to have CMake run Python scripts, install stuff on the system, and do all sorts of custom tasks. I'm sure other build systems also allow devs to make a mess if they want to. Maybe some are less powerful, so that people cannot make such a mess even if they want to. But "the tool is too powerful, I will shoot myself in the foot because I don't want to learn the basics" does not sound like a good argument to me. > the documentation isn't great. I completely disagree, I almost always find what I need in the docs. > Just a simple wrapper API IMO, just spending a couple of hours learning the basics would go a long way. Usually that is not done. Are you a CMake expert, or are you rather not really good at it? Just to see if there is a correlation between "I don't know how to use it properly" and "I hate it" =). The way it works is that if you ship an executable, then you can do whatever you want as long as it ends up building it. If you ship a library, then you need to provide a way to install it somewhere, and ideally a way to find it (e.g. pkg-config, at least on Linux). If you need to use CMake because your dependencies use CMake, you are doing something wrong. I typically build dependencies with all sorts of build systems, I just don't mind. I just need them to be installed somewhere such that CMake can find them. > I 100% get that other teams just wanted to focus on getting their work done Getting your project to build properly should be part of "getting the work done". Modern software is way too much about stacking up hacks to "get the work done" instead of writing proper code. Sure, there could be a better way than CMake. But it's not that hard to learn the basics. I'm fine with autotools, cmake, meson, gradle, ... I don't usually hate tools. I often hate what people do with them, though. I daily drive /e/ OS, I'm happy about it. Those with a good internet connection will download faster than they play the movie. Say for a 2h movie, it gets downloaded in 15min and shared for the remaining 1h45min... Except that I don't think it can have any notion of confidence. It would need to understand the world, for that. This tool just makes it orders of magnitude easier to produce noise. You think the web is overflowing with low accuracy information? This may send us in a whole new level! I actually wonder if this has the potential to break search engines as we know them, because they can't judge the quality of the content. > Remember the story of that special astronaut pen that cost $1 million? We already have pens on earth, for like $0.10, and they work better! This is a myth. Those pens were not that expensive, they were made for use-cases on Earth and happened to be used in space, and they actually work better than the $0.10. > In the same way, everything about the crypto economy is worse than the regular economy. Good that they realize that. > The only excuse is that it’s decentralized. Except it's not. Not really. I'm surprised they did not go on with "the other excuse is that it removes trust", to which I would have answered: "Nope, it doesn't". So yeah, it's worse, except in countries that have bigger problems (corruption, unstable political system, no banks). Ever thought that maybe it would be worth fixing the bigger problem, rather than trying something that is worse? One use-case is a HUGE success for cryptocurrencies: ransomware. But sure, let's defend a system that is "worse than traditional finance", because it's "sort of decentralised" (traditional banks are sort of decentralised too, to be honest), even though that creates big problems like ransomware. Precisely. So one could ask whether finance is the root problem in those countries or not (e.g. if the problem is a corrupt government, maybe fix that first) and if it is, one may wonder why it should be replaced by cryptocurrencies (which until now haven't fixed much) instead of improving the traditional finance. Ok, let's pretend that cryptocurrencies are a quick and cheap solution for those countries: after all, we only invested 15 years and trillions into them, that would clearly not be remotely enough to help some of the world's dysfunctional governments. /s They have "some confidence metrics" indeed. But those are completely different from what we humans mean in "are you 100% sure that the Earth is flat?" > You can't just snap your fingers and tada, government corruption solved, utopia achieved. No, but you could legitimately wonder what 15 years and the money that was invested in cryptocurrencies could have done to help solve the root problems, instead of marginally helping a few people while enabling scam and ransomware. Do you have an idea how much money could be stolen from governments thanks to cryptocurrencies? North Korea is pretty good at this. Counter-productive solution now Now to use a tool correctly, you certainly need some basics. Saying that those who manage not to make a mess with a tool are probably doing it wrong because you don't know how to do it feels... weird. Let's be honest: the ecological problems we have today (i.e. the fact that we destroyed 2/3 of trees, mammals and insects) has nothing to do with climate change. We did that because we had enough cheap energy to destroy natural habitats. The consequences of that cheap energy (fossil fuels) is yet to come, that's the climate change problem. And it is big. Now let's pretend we get fusion to work: maybe (just maybe) that could help the climate change issue (unless it takes decades, in which case its too late), but that won't change the other big problem we have: with cheap energy, we destroy the planet to build malls and swipe TikTok. We need to re-learn to live with less energy, that's the only way. > the things like Walk-away locking I think it's actually quite worse in terms of security, as you can use some kind of range extender to pretend that the key is close and open (or even start?) the car. > There are many things we could do to solve this problem. Just like what social networks have failed to do in years? Not sure it's that simple :-) Well Disney would probably sue Blender if there was a "generate Mickey Mouse model" button in it. It's not a totally fair comparison. Kindly asking: did you consider that English is possibly not the author's mothertongue? > These startups offer commercial solutions to decarbonize society or remove carbon from the atmosphere. By doing this at speed and scale, we have a fair chance of avoiding catastrophic climate change. The financial opportunity of doing so is massive: an estimated $3-10 trillion in EBITDA will be up for grabs. As one example, Tesla has pushed the car industry to go electric while making $75B in annual revenue at a 60% annual growth rate. I didn't go further than that. They prove in one paragraph that they haven't understood the climate problem at all . And it's assuming that you have enough cheap energy to produce enough hydrogen in the long term. Which probably won't happen. The best green startup investment: select very productive engineers, and pay them to stop producing. Maybe they can learn an instrument, or take care of their garden. The less they produce, the better for the planet. Of course that's not what a VC wants. But a VC doesn't really want ecology either, they want money. Pretending to be green just happens to be a profitable strategy. Some apps just offer both, and even auto-detect. So if your phone is de-googled, the app will use UP, if it has the Google Services it will use that. For some apps it is available in the settings. So yeah, the app has to support it, but the user can choose then. I have been using NTFY for months, love it! You mean "why is software development a thing" there? Not sure what your point is... Is it really a bad excuse, or is it a polite way to say "Why the hell do you need user-defined functions?". At least that's how I would say it myself. Sure, I just question what kind of complicated logic you want to put in there. Does CMake have to generate the file and pass it through the special compiler? Can't it be done separately, before CMake is run? One thing that I find make CMake configurations completely unreadable is to try to have it do everything, coffee included. Where often a script could be run separately first (e.g. to generate those files), and then CMake could run normally afterwards. Try to find the RFC, then realize there are actually a million defining all the different protocols used by WebRTC. It is not simple :-). It's always easy to run a variant of the main example of a library. The question is: how difficult does it get when you want to do something slightly different? Signaling is up to the implementation. You can use carrier pigeons if you want. Would that qualify as p2p? :) It does not require a central server, signaling is left as an implementation detail. Implement a p2p signaling system, and that will be p2p. Most of WebRTC is arguably about handling the NATs, actually. If not, open a poll and Elon will add it. And then remove it. And then add it again, but for 8$. I was wondering recently whether AIs like ChatGPT had the potential to break search engines. Already today, I often end up on useless machine-generated pages (typically if I want a comparison between two "things" and type "A vs B"). Until now it's been pretty easy to see that it was machine-generated. But that will probably change. Also, already today, depending on the topic, the search engine is completely useless and I end up going straight to e.g. Wikipedia or Stackoverflow or a reference website I trust (e.g. I want a technical explanation about how something works, and my search engine shows me ten pages on tutorials about where to click on my phone to use that something). Again, ChatGPT will make it easy to generate such low-quality content. Long story short, I was wondering if that would bring RSS back: that would allow me to manually aggregate websites I trust. Maybe I could trust a friend and transitively trust the feeds they trust (à la PGP, even though PGP trust rings seem to be hated :)). That would close the loop: algorithms came to help organise the growing quantity of data, then started flooding the world with generated data (what they were initially built to control). And now somehow we would have to go back to manual treatment using old school trust (with RSS, or similar), because AIs can't differentiate the good content from the bad one. So it's fine for you to have to manually run a sequence of steps (start your computer, open a terminal, navigate to the project, run the build, run the program), but it's unbearable if the build is split in a couple commands? I don't get it. Also shell scripts are pretty good at running a couple commands, if really that's important. Ok let's take a concrete example. Say you have proto files (seems likely in a big system). Whenever you change a proto file, you know that you should run protoc, and then run CMake. If you add a proto file, not only you need to run protoc on this new file, but you need to tell CMake about the new generated file(s). For the big majority of projects out there, it seems to me that it is perfectly fine to handle that manually, because projects are not that big. Do we agree on that? Then of course, if you are a GAFAM with a huge monorepo, probably you need more advanced tools (they don't build their own tools for nothing). My feeling, though, is that most people complaining that CMake is crap actually work on small projects and can't be bothered to run protoc manually "because their philosophy is that it should all work with one button". Sure. My point is that most projects are not big projects. And most people complaining about CMake are probably not working on big project either. Just look around in this thread: people don't say "I use Meson because I work in a GAFAM-sized project", but rather "Meson is soooo infinitely better because the syntax feels more natural to me". I did not mean to sound like CMake is perfect for all projects. In some specific situations (typically huge projects), I can totally understand that it becomes a pain. That's why big companies like Google tend to have their own tool. Now it really feels that most people complaining about CMake and using Meson instead are not in this situation. And if they were, it would seem more pragmatic to me to say "CMake is fine for small projects, but at some size we needed something else" than "Meson is obviously, definitely orders of magnitude better because it took me less time learning how to compile my 20-files project". Well my issue is that I have used CMake quite a lot, with generators, in non-trivial projects (both open source and proprietary), and I have always been fine with autotools, cmake and meson. I don't try to have cmake do too much, e.g. I don't run the generation (or python scripts or custom functions) from cmake, because it quickly becomes a mess and running the steps manually / in a script is usually easy. I haven't seen a project yet where the cmake config is not a mess (because let's be honest, most CMakeLists out there are pretty bad) and where this is clearly a limitation of cmake (and not of meson). Happy to get an actual open source example where that's clearly the case, though. I automate it by putting it in a script that I call manually when needed, instead of spending days trying to have cmake run it. Now it's not a pain for me, and apparently you're on the side of those who find cmake painful. Not sure how unreasonable my way is :) Well, I run the scripts only when necessary. If I change an IDL file, I run the generation script. If I change a cpp file, I run the cmake build only. I actually have maintained FLOSS projects, and in my experience, throwing everything in one cmake project makes it harder for contributors to understand. Because they only ever use one command, and the day something fails they have to dig into it to understand what that custom command does. On the contrary, if they need to run the generation script first, then they know that there is a generation step involved, and suddenly the whole thing feels less like magic. So that is my opinion: if your FLOSS project uses a big custom build system (because you customized your cmake to do all sorts of custom things), then probably I will not contribute. Because I have other things to do than learning your custom integration of standards steps I actually would already know. > Why do you feel it's better to do the build system's job manually? What's better is what is easier to understand and maintain. If your whole project is made of one file and builds with one simple call to a compiler, IMO it's fine to just have this line in the README, no need for a custom_target in cmake. Now the thing is that often, I see that people put a lot of importance into the "it should be easy to get started for beginners who don't know the tools", and everything is glued together using some custom functions. The goal being that a beginner can essentially run "make" (yep, I've seen Makefiles wrapping CMakeLists for that) and the project will build (sometimes it will even install dependencies on the system, that's crazy). But then if the beginner wants to understand what's happening under the hood, well... it's a big pile of custom glue. Now if, instead of that, you document the tools you are using in your README, and use the tools in a standard way, then people who know the tools will get started quickly ("oh, it's protoc then cmake, I know exactly how to use that"). And yeah, beginners will need to learn how to run those tools. But that's fine IMO, because if you use the tools the standard way (without custom functions), then the beginner can just look for the official docs. Standard is better than custom. The reason why I like Linux is because I can use the terminal a lot. Unfortunately I'm forced to use terrible ElectronJS apps from time to time, though, and more and more programs seem to either not have a TUI or be a full rootfs (as a docker container) because apparently the devs don't know how to properly package them? I definitely don't recommend Linux for people who don't want to use the terminal. Actually I hate it when they do and try to make Linux look like Windows/macOS. If you want the Windows/macOS experience, use Windows/macOS. Isn't Linux Mint basically just a different UI on Ubuntu? I mean there are also alternatives not based on Ubuntu (Arch, Debian, Fedora, Alpine, Void, ...) I like Jitsi, because it is open source and it is not Zoom. Well, a painter probably knows a thing or two about the paint and the canvas, and a musician knows a thing or two about their instrument and... well... music theory. Doesn't sound crazy to expect a software developer to know a thing or two about their system. Not necessarily down to the device tree, of course. But being stuck at "learning to use a terminal is below my pay grade" feels like the other extreme to me. Sounds like you would not actually love to use Linux, then :-) We can't move away from carbon-based energy without a very unlikely fundamental discovery. Rather we will keep using more and more carbon-based energy (and that for years, until it becomes more and more expensive and we start having energy problems). I always found the Arch wiki amazing, but of course that's for those who actually want to tinker :-). Out of curiosity: what makes it mandatory to use Zoom? Jitsi runs in the browser (just like Google Meet, btw, which I still like better than Zoom), so it should not be a permission issue. Three body problem? > We have a less powerful tool because we want to attract newbies That's exactly it. The modern metrics for anything to be successful is the number of people using it, even if they are completely useless because they did not put any effort into learning the basics. In this case, it would be essentially "ESC", "i" and ":wq". But that's waaaay too hard. No wonder everybody ships a full rootfs in a container for every single executable they make... if learning how to quit vim is too hard, who would want to learn about packaging? Right. So everyone should use system-wide keyboard shortcuts. Preferably your favourites, right? At least they should work well for your favourite window manager, I suppose? Because those who like different shortcuts and different window managers are weird and don't understand UX. /s My preference is to start with a minimalistic system that works on most platforms, and where I can install what I want. If I wanted a system with "sane defaults from someone else's point of view" and working only on a handful of platforms, I would use macOS. Have you tried Windows or macOS? They are really good at hanging pictures. > If I want Ctrl+P to paste text across every single application that accepts text and I only have to configure it once in one place, I see that as a win. Ok, so let's say I write a video game. Should my game have reasonable defaults, or should it ask you to go to your system-wide settings and setup all the bindings for my game? For instance, I have a "jump" action. Can I bind it to the spacebar, or should I go check in your system settings what you have assigned to "jump"? What if you have not assigned anything to "jump", should I choose a free shortcut somehow (say using the first available from a list like [spacebar, j, right-shift]) or should I ask the player to go setup the bindings first? Say people are happy having exactly one configuration for all their programs. What if my game has special controls, and instead of using "awsd" to move, I would like to use "qweasd", but "q" is generally assigned to "quit". Should I give up on having a reasonable UX using the keyboard (because the system-wide shortcuts don't work for my game) and sell my game with an external controller then? That's the whole thing with standards. It's perfect if you want to do exactly what the standard specifies. It's terrible if you don't. Freedom generally doesn't go well with standard, and somehow it feels like a tradeoff: macOS has a better user experience than linux, at the cost of some freedom. And that's perfectly fine IMO: I don't expect macOS to give me more freedom, or Linux to give me a macOS UX. I just choose between them. Sorry for the communication style, that's noted. I meant to communicate a point though. My point is that I don't want vim to copy with "Cmd + V" (I want the vim bindings there), and maybe I want to reuse "Cmd + V" in Blender for something more important than "paste" (assuming that "pasting" is not really a concept in Blender, I don't know). But still I want "Cmd + V" in Word and in my e-mail client. How do you set that in the system-wide settings? I would guess that macOS does not strictly enforce the system bindings, does it? Say it does -> application developers lose flexibility because they can't design a different UX if they want to. Say it doesn't -> application developers now have to decide, for each binding, if they want to define a default themselves (which would be consistent with the rest of their app) or if they want to honor the system bindings (and possibly have a terrible UX that people will complain about). It's not an easy problem :-). But that's the thing: in my opinion, this is exactly not the Linux philosophy. Maybe the majority of Linux users want it to behave like macOS and it will go there someday. And at this point I will move to the next thing closest to what I believe is the Linux philosophy. But right now, I would say simply: "if you want the macOS philosophy, use macOS". And don't get me wrong: macOS is great. I was continuing the joke, the three-body problem being a hard problem in physics :-). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-body_problem Right. So that's moving the control of the binding from the app to the system settings. The problem is that it makes it harder for the app to have sane defaults. Even for the obvious example of the text editor, where "everybody wants Ctrl+P to paste", where I precisely don't want that in vim and emacs. That's what I meant by "preference": it is your preference to have apps honor your system-wide settings, but it is my preference to let the app developers choose their bindings themselves (instead of reusing something I defined system-wide for different apps). Because the app developer knows their app better. If I don't like it, I can customize it or just not use it. "Don't use vim if you want it to behave like Word", in some sense. Both are great, but different. And that's fine. > why can't we all agree on how we edit text? Because there are some extremely different ways of editing text out there. As you mention, vim and emacs are extremely different from Word, though extremely popular. There are certainly many more examples, but I believe those 3 are enough to say that we most definitely have not all agreed on how to edit text. > I was about to comment in a less sarcastic way Yeah sorry, I really did not mean to sound aggressive, just trying to share my point. Communication is hard :-). > it just means that the most widely used way of editing text should be the default. Yeah, maybe. Not entirely convinced though :-). There is a tendency to reinforce the most widely used ways everywhere. As an artist, you can choose to make the kind of music most people want to hear in a night club, or make the kind of music you, as a musician, like. And accept that maybe that's not for the majority. The majority is using Windows/macOS/Android/iOS. Linux distros are mostly used for servers (where I would hope that a sysadmin can learn a handful of vim bindings (ESC, "i", ":wq" is enough to start)), and some people (me included) are using a Linux Desktop. Of course, the more popular Linux Desktop gets, the more people will want it to look like Windows/iOS (because those are by far the most popular). Does that mean all Linux Desktop distros should try to get adopted by those people? I don't think so. Fine if Ubuntu wants to make a "FOSS alternative to macOS", but I would find it sad if it did force others to follow. And it does: most devs don't really know Linux and want the macOS experience, end up using Ubuntu, and write code that works only on Ubuntu. So now many apps rely on e.g. systemd just because Ubuntu chose it. I find it a bit sad. When you start vim, it says "type :help Enter for information". When you do that, it starts with "Move around: Use the cursor keys, or "h" to go left, [...]". xD > You didn't actually provide an argument against having a sane set of defaults with the option to configure them later. I am not convinced that it is possible to come up with a generic sane set of defaults for all apps in a way that would solve the problem of VIM being fundamentally different. Everybody wants sane defaults, I don't see the debate there. > "For art" is a non-answer when it comes to UX Not my point at all (but that's on me). My point was that "for the majority" is not necessarily the right answer when your system (Linux) is used by a minority. Especially because the easiest example (text editors) has huge, obvious counter-examples showing that there is no universal set of defaults to edit text on Linux (nano vs emacs vs vim). > You're advocating for needlessly restricting user choice Nope, I'm advocating for letting the app developers do what they want. Enforcing apps to honor the system-wide defaults (not even talking about how to actually enforce it) would just break emacs and vim, for instance. > How is this not trivially solved [...] Well first you need to find a way to integrate that toggle in your UI without people complaining too much. Then you need to test that it works on your platform (I see a lot of room for errors, e.g. if the system default is not set, or set to something weird, or conflicting with another app), and then you need to make it work on other platforms (which most certainly won't provide a compatible API). Sounds easy, in practice nobody would want to pay for the work required to do it. That's also the reason why we don't get well integrated Desktop apps, and instead get ElectronJS apps that ship with a full browser: it's cheaper for the devs to ship a website with a browser and pretend that it is a Desktop app than to actually make a Desktop app. I never said "let's force them". My point is rather that it is fine for projects to not design for the majority. And I really feel like this is quite an unpopular opinion, somehow. The measure for success is typically the number of users, and of course it means that it has to be as simple as possible. To me, it's perfectly fine to set nano as a default for a distro targeting beginners, but it is also perfectly fine to set vim as a default and say: "if using vim to change the default editor is too hard for you, then you are not the target audience". > So, yes, there is a set of defaults on Linux. Vim, Emacs, and Nano are not it. If you mean on Ubuntu, then sure. Ubuntu's target audience is essentially people who want an alternative to Windows/macOS. Not people who want the freedom to use their preferred tools. You think systemd is a sane default and advanced users "just have to change it if they don't like it"? Try replacing systemd on Ubuntu, let me know how it goes. You don't want snaps? Well it looks like it may get harder and harder to not use snaps, because people like you think that it is fine to enforce the most used tools as "the standard". You want to use a tiling window manager? Well many apps will just suck, because people assume that the "standard" is Ubuntu. Same for those apps that require network-manager, or the gnome keychain, etc. The "Linux way", IMO, would be to create CLI tools with minimal dependencies, and then build GUIs on top (maybe even specialized for the latest Ubuntu). But that's not what's happening. You want to use Firefox as a browser, and have a lightweight calculator app next to it? No luck, chances are that your calculator app is shipped with Chromium, because people decided that the standard is Chromium and webapps. And that's if you're lucky, because your calculator may be shipped with a full rootfs in a docker container. So from my point of view, there are people coming from Windows/macOS to Linux for some reason (apparently not the freedom of Linux, because they don't even wanna know how their system works), and argue against my freedom, because if I don't want the Windows/macOS experience, then I am a weirdo. > So, yes, there is a set of defaults on Linux. You mean "the defaults of Ubuntu, which represents most Linux Desktops"? I don't want it. I want the choice to choose the distro closest to my preferences, and let Windows/macOS people choose Ubuntu. But that means that those Ubuntu people should not insist on everyone doing what Ubuntu does. I think we're talking past each other. I'm not trying to win an argument, I'm just sharing my opinion. I reacted to that: > Not having system wide keyboard shortcuts is one of [those big mistakes]: vim, emacs, nano etc all have a different shortcut to quit the app In my opinion (and that's an opinion, not a formal proof), this does not work. _I do not want the same shortcut to quit nano, vim and emacs_. The author of that comment does, obviously. Which is why I said "preferably the standard should be your favourite shortcuts, right?". Not as a criticism, but in order to show that this is a preference, and my preference differs from the author's. My preference is to have vim bindings be vim bindings, and not the system bindings. Sure, the system settings could offer a way to specifically set the bindings for vim instead of using the `.vimrc`. But it would not entirely replace `vimrc`, so it would split the config in what _I see_ as a weird way. I generally don't see how it would work in practice. I can easily swap "ESC" and "CapsLock" in the system settings, but that's not the same level as setting the shortcut for a high-level action like "save". If you want to set the "save" shortcut globally, then everyone writing a program has to deal with it. First, I don't see how you can enforce it. And second, it makes life harder for developers. For something _I don't personally want_. Therefore as a developer, I won't follow your preference, period. This is my opinion about the hypothetical idea of having system-wide settings that would unify vim, emacs and nano (that's the point of the sentence above, isn't it?). Maybe someone can implement this in a perfect way, and I would even use it (who doesn't like "perfect"?). But it _feels_ like I fundamentally disagree: _to me_, the fact that vim, emacs and nano all have a different way to quit the app is a feature, not a bug. Therefore it does not need fixing. But feel free to explain to me what I am trying to say, and why it is logically wrong. Yeah for UI it makes a lot of sense. Especially if those are "standalone" (for lack of a better word) elements. For instance, changing the accelerators (I guess that's related to the animation when opening a menu, right?) cannot really conflict with anything else. So it's perfect to use system-wide configurations like that. But I wonder about key bindings. I think it makes sense to have guidelines, and to use "Cmd + Q" to quit whenever it makes sense. But defining this as a high-level action "quit", and letting the user define the binding (e.g. "I want Cmd + S to quit") seems rather complicated to me. If "Cmd + S" is already set system-wide for the "save" action, then the system could tell you "that will disable the 'save' action, are you sure?". But if you go for "Quit with Cmd + J", and "Cmd + J" is not a system-wide binding but instead is used by... say... Blender. Then the system will happily change "Ctrl + Q" with "Ctrl + J", and now what happens if you hit "Ctrl + J" in Blender? Should it quit, or should it do what Blender does for "Ctrl + J"? I am not sure everything can be configurable. My Firefox toolbar is at the top, on mobile I can have it at the bottom (not sure I can do that on Desktop). But I can't have it in the middle of the page, or vertically on a side. That's a decision that was made by the Firefox devs, not by the system settings. That does not mean we should not expect sane defaults, but I would argue that ":q" is a sane default in vim. Good idea IMO, but I think he should choose the one he wants. There are different variants that sound and feel different, and it's a matter of preference. Only he can know which one he likes the most. I think it's important to realise that playing games is not worse than watching movies. Good games are pieces of art, just like good movies. Also from a CS point of view, video games are technically very interesting (it's a lot of computer graphics). I don't play much anymore (and I'm not sure what console he asked for), but if I did I would be looking at the SteamDeck. Seems pretty interesting, as it is a Linux platform (based on Arch Linux), and therefore it can be used as a Linux computer as well as a gaming console (unlike e.g. a Nintendo Switch). Could be useful to learn Linux (which is necessary for software engineers). You mentioned CE. Not sure how much he is into radio stuff, but the FlipperZero device seems to be quite a success, and it may fit the CS/CE profile. Could be a powerful educational "toy". I think that what happened since the industrial revolution is pretty much a definition of unstable. We are living a mass extinction right now (not even caused by global warming, which will just make it worse). Since the industrial revolution, we have become excellent as destroying life. Not the opposite. I would rather not live than live in a world where the only living species is mankind. Think about a world without trees, birds, plants... well actually just imagine living on Mars. Well the taxpayers did not have to invest trillions for that to happen, if I remember correctly :) Wait, so you mean that not destroying Earth is a worse goal than going to Mars? I would love it if we managed to solve our current mass extinction problem. Probably more than the idea of going to Mars while happily destroying life on Earth, to be honest. Exactly, if we were to listen to such tales we may even still be living in a sustainable world! Luckily, we're steadily destroying life because we can. /s Well, doing cool stuff is a matter of preference. NASA is paid by the public, not from donations, right? We'll we are accumulating bugs at such a pace that the app may become unusable in the near future... Not directly, like most things. What is responsible is essentially the use of fossil fuels, and space exploration would not be possible without them. Now, not only fossil fuels are limited (we have passed peak oil), but we don't remotely have an alternative. So I believe that there is an argument to make that insanely expensive, hard, and pretty much useless engineering projects (w.r.t. solving the biodiversity problem, which is actually about survival on Earth) could possibly be questioned. Some will say that "if you don't spend all that money into inhabited space exploration, you won't necessarily spend it wisely. But I would disagree there: we should really start spending money (and fossil fuels) wisely because we are running out of time. That's highly debatable. We talk a lot about global warming, which is due to CO2, which in turn is due to fossil fuels. So of course it sounds like it is an energy problem (and generating power in space, if that was actually better in terms of CO2 emissions, could help). But what we always forget is that the mass extinction we are living right now (i.e. "we are destroying life on Earth") is not a consequence of global warming. Remove all the CO2 from the atmosphere right now, and we are still in a mass extinction. CO2 will just add global warming to the problem, but that's only a bonus. cough famine cough cough war cough poverty cough cough mass extinction > Even currently code isn't "immediately readable" I read code in text editors (not full IDEs) all the time... > it does not provide any features besides basic string editing, which is mostly useless. I also do write code in text editors all the time. Not always - I do use IDEs sometimes. But at least half the time, I would say. I use vim a lot, and all I want there is syntax highlighting. I would hate it if I was forced to use a heavy IDE everytime I want to read/edit some source code. Also I like grepping into sources without having to run an IDE that can search through binary code. I don't think so. It doesn't understand what it says, it basically does interpolation between text it copy-pastes in a very impressive manner. Still it does not "understand" anything, so it cannot have any kind of confidence. Take Stable Diffusion for instance: it can interpolate a painting from that huge dataset it has, and sometimes output a decent result that may look like what a good artist would do. But it doesn't have any kind of "creative process". If it tells you "I chose this theme because it reflects this deep societal problem", it will just be pretending. It may not matter if all you want is a nice drawing, but when it's about, say, engineering, that's quite different. I believe the exact opposite. If one could prove that text has not been generated by an AI, that would have immense value. StackOverflow has a built-in validation process ("mark as the solution"), which says that some human found that it solved the problem. Doesn't mean it's correct, but still, that's something. I really wonder what impact ChatGPT will have on search engines. I could imagine that the first 4 pages of Google/Bing results end up being autogenerated stuff, and it will just make it harder to find trustworthy information. As an engineer, the one thing I expect from a colleague is that they know what they know and what they don't know. If a colleague tells me once "I'm certain it works like this" and it turns out to be wrong, probably I won't trust them again. I already cannot trust ChatGPT, I have seen it bullshitting big time. Sounds a bit like PGP :D. Also that's not very far from sharing RSS feeds with friends. "I like this blog, so I add it to my feeds" is a way of "trusting" someone. But the reality is that people can't be bothered to use RSS, generally. > What could this do for the average person’s scientific literacy? Or fake news for that matter? I guess not much better than when the media say "A study proves that X": it doesn't mean anything, it doesn't mean the study has any value, it doesn't mean that there is a scientific consensus. Yet people routinely consider X to be proven (see what happened in the early days of the pandemic). Add ChatGPT to the mix, and you don't even have the links to the original studies. I can totally imagine it being even worse. How do you access the seedbox anonymously? Unless you use Tor (which doesn't seem practical for movies), they surely see where your connections come from, don't they? That's not really fair. I haven't used Plausible Analytics, but from a quick look it can be self-hosted, too: https://plausible.io/open-source-website-analytics#can-plaus... Right. But if you only buy a seedbox and connect to it from your home IP, then it does not matter that you paid with bitcoins, right? If you connect to it through a VPN, then that's a second level of indirection, but still you must trust the VPN. Because even if you paid with bitcoins, the VPN knows your home IP and it knows that you connect to a seedbox. A good first approximation with anything using cryptocurrencies is that it is a scam. If you DO NOT use a VPN, you 100% trust the seedbox. You trust that they "are deliberately designed to essentially eliminate this issue". That's fine for me, but it's important to know that it's about trust. If you use a VPN, then you do distribute that trust between the VPN and the seedbox, which makes it much better already. Interesting points indeed. Connecting through a VPN may be enough for the this case. I guess I mostly wanted to make it clear that it's not "perfectly anonymous" just because one paid with bitcoins. And of course that if you connect directly to the seedbox, then you trust 100% this seedbox to be legit. I remember reading a Tor article (blog post maybe? Cannot find it anymore) about the "revenue model", and why they settle on donations only (mostly?). Back then I was interested in the Nym model (a mixnet trying to use a "proof of mix" to pay the nodes for their work). It's been a while, so take it with a grain of salt. I found it very interesting to see that Tor had actually considered paying to encourage nodes (different technical solutions), but decided against it for a philosophical reason: if you run a node for profit, chances are that you don't really care about helping the project ("you just want money"). So it's a risk to attract "bad actors". And they don't want that. I think there is a similar argument to make for all those services trying to use cryptocurrencies to attract nodes: those "bad actors" will always optimize for their profit, not for the health of your service. Seems like it applies for Helium, too. There are two things I have been wondering about ChatGPT: 1. What impact will it have on search engines? With ChatGPT, it will be easy to automate the creation of websites, which will be referenced by search engines, right? So maybe someday half of the results will just be generated websites that may or may not say complete nonsense in an authoritative way. 2. Will the successors of ChatGPT learn from websites generated by ChatGPT, too? What happens when the new model learns from outputs from previous iterations? Isn't there a difference between interpreting Python code with CPython (which I would call "Python") and running compiled C from Python (which I would call "C")? Then it kind of make sense to talk about " pure Python" (the interpreted one) and "wrapped C", doesn't it? Google Meet was there before the pandemic, and Jitsi (for an open source alternative) too. That's another question: when did blurring become a thing? It mostly sucks, and it feel like it's not that hard to make sure that you are fine with what's in your back... If you are not, just don't enable the video, right? Agreed. I don't consider it an app store if Doom is not there. Most interesting features of Telegram (everything but secret chats) are not end-to-end encrypted. The server can read them. Regarding SimpleX: > It is like a peer to peer messaging app except that there is a server with a messaging queue in the middle acting as a proxy. Isn't that the definition of not peer-to-peer? I mean at this point, Signal is peer-to-peer as well (except that there is a server in the middle). Which ones? I don't think I'm more productive than non-vim users, it's just my preference. To the point where it's actually painful to use an editor that doesn't support the vim bindings. I like not having to use the mouse, that's more ergonomic for me. Some people have an ergonomic mouse, I just avoid using it. Different solution, not necessarily better or worse. > Peak denialism. That's a bit condescending. ChatGPT isn't remotely close to "general creative intelligence, problem-solving skills and ability to manipulate abstract thoughts daily". It only pretends, in a pretty impressive way. A bit like you can train your dog to play dead when you point your finger at them and say "bang", but you should not conclude from it that your dog understands the concept of death. > Since humans use this test to select people with good reasoning skills, why do you think it is an inappropriate test for a robot? Well it is already not a perfect solution for humans. When you use a metric to rate people, then they start optimizing for this metric. Typical example is academic rankings: if you are ranked based on how many papers you publish, you will publish a lot. Doesn't mean you will do good research. Now even if SAT was a good way to rank humans, that does not say at all it would be a good way for robots. If you test whether a cat is stupid or not by asking it to drive a car, then obviously it will be stupid. Asking ChatGPT to pas the SAT tests is probably like asking a student to pass it with infinite time and an internet connection. I guess that's not how SAT exams are usually done, right? (I am not in the US). There is a whole question about how useful it is to test students. In my experience, some will understand and learn the material (which is the goal) and successfully pass the test, while others will just learn how to pass the tests. Now it would be wonderful if we could just motivate students to understand and learn the material, without putting so much pressure by testing them all the time. I am not saying that ChatGPT is not answering your questions, or returning relevant information . It is. But when I enter a question into Google, it also does fetch the relevant information, doesn't it? Why do you say that ChatGPT is "intelligent", and Google is not? Because ChatGPT formulates it in a nice, authoritative way? Say you ask DeepL to translate a sentence about biology from Spanish to English, and it does it perfectly. Would you say that DeepL understands biology? Or even that it knows the languages like a human does ? Or would you rather think that it has a huge database of texts in both languages, and it "just" built its translation based on similar sentences there (somehow cleverly interpolating between its data points)? Because it "looks like it does" does not mean that "it does". That's how magicians trick you into pretending that they do magic. And that was my point about the dog playing dead. That does not mean that the dog understands that you were pretending to hold a gun, or that it understands that it plays "dead". The dog just "lies on the back" when you point your hand and say "bang", that's it. > What are the kinds of things you are finding ChatGPT isn't able to understand? Let me put it this way. Wouldn't you expect from an agent able to show "general creative intelligence, problem-solving skills and ability to manipulate abstract thoughts daily" that it could conduct research on its own? Why can't you say "please solve this mathematical problem: you have the universal knowledge in your database and a lot of compute power. Please send me a summary of your progress every day until it is solved". Or do you actually think that it can do that? > Sucking fuel out of the air anywhere you like has to be more viable than [...] Pretty sure it absolutely isn't. To me, this feels more like a waste of resources just for something that is cool . It's completely useless to send people to Mars, just an expensive artistic performance. Meanwhile life on Earth is dying, because of the human activity. Some things are difficult to change (forcing everyone to use bikes all the time would be a big problem: how do you bring food into cities without trucks?), and others seem very easy: just don't put all those resources into useless Mars, and instead try to save life on Earth. I genuinely don't get the "save the human species" argument. We are living a mass extinction which is caused by the human species. So one species (humans) is essentially destroying most of the variety of life. If you care about preserving humans, why don't you care about preserving life? Of all the miracles of evolution, ending up with a few humans surviving on Mars is not a success in my book. If you could go back to your building instead of writing that kind of comments, I would be happy. We don't have a lot of generations before major changes happen. I believe that we won't prevent anything: we'll just try to survive to whatever happens, more or less successfully. But we need civilisation to survive on Earth for those hundred years first. And right now it's not looking good. Is it? To be it sounds absurd to care about preserving the human species, and completely forgetting about biodiversity. Yet it really feels like some seemingly rational people think that sending a few humans to Mars matters, "to preserve the species"... I, for one, believe that technology is the problem, not the solution. While I tend to agree with your points, I think that you underestimate the problem by limiting it to Climate Change. Climate Change hasn't started yet, and we are living a mass extinction. Remove all CO2 from the atmosphere today, and we are still in a mass extinction. Then comes the energy problem: we don't have any viable alternative to fossil fuels. Solar/Wind infrastructures are growing fast thanks to fossil fuels . And fossil fuels are not unlimited (peak conventional oil was 2008, peak oil may be now, peak LNG may be 2038). So we are slowly running out of time in terms of energy resources (given how much time it takes to build a nuclear plant). "Technology will help" ignores that technology brought us here, but also that technology takes time, and energy. Without the CO2 problem, nothing says that our society would not collapse because we can't replace fossil fuels. The article actually talks about that, concluding that the atmosphere would most likely be unbreathable, whatever we do. So it says that we would live under domes, with the daily risk of a life-threatening leak. Actually, more than Climate Change, we face an energy problem. The more we use fossil fuels, the greater the climate problem. But even if we keep burning oil, it's not unlimited. So sooner or later we will have to decide what we do with the energy we have, and at that point it conflicts. If the goal is to reach Mars in a hundred years, chances are that we run out of fossil fuel before that. Maybe we should start preparing for a world with less energy. And artistic performances like sending people on Mars don't sound like a constructive way to use that energy. Interesting take. I believe that individuals should not have more money than entire countries. One should simply not be allowed to have too much money. The fact that they are doesn't mean I should accept their polluting my sky. A very unlikely planet-killing asteroid. I can live with the odds. To those who can't, may I ask a question? When you walk in the street to go to work, do you wear bullet-proof gear in case someone shoots you? I mean it may happen, just like the asteroid. It just feels weird to not accept some risk. Let's face it: space exploration is cool, that's all. No need to find excuses :) > There's heavy evidence there's already been a mass extinction once from an asteroid. There's evidence that many more humans have died from pollution. Then we could question whether the solution to the asteroid threat is to try to send a few humans on Mars or to prepare autonomous missions that would reach the asteroid and prevent it from reaching the Earth (e.g. by changing its course). > but a lot of people don't want to gamble the existence of the human race if there's a chance we don't have to. Sure. If the asteroid was one of the higher risks on the list, it would make sense. But right now the biggest risk to humans, by a very wide margin, is human activity. > Well, you asked "why do this and not focus on Earth", so I gave you one reason. It was not me asking, but I think this is a bad reason. It is probably much easier to prevent the hypothetical asteroid from colliding with Earth than to go live in space. "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." That's where you get your miracles from. I guess I won't convince you that ChatGPT does not manipulate abstract thoughts , but just words. It really just interpolates between texts it has read, sometimes resulting in interesting answers, sometimes resulting in complete bullshit. And it has absolutely no clue about how wrong its output is. Because it does not "think" or "understand". It really just brilliantly copy-pastes words that seem relevant. > just as we have to almost every part of the earth. Do you have an idea of the ratio between the species human has been moving around vs the number of species in existence? > In contrast to this worldview that humans are the agents of mass-extinction Wait wait wait. This is a fact. We are living a mass extinction now, it is acted. We, human, have removed 2/3 of trees, 2/3 of mammals, and 2/3 of insects from Earth. Mostly because of the loss of habitat (not Climate Change, this still has to come as a bonus, and definitely won't help). It is not hypothetical, it is not a worldview. It is a fact. Of all the species that lived on Earth at the same time as humans, the number of species that got decimated because of humans is so much higher than the number that humans may bring to space (should we ever succeed, which is far from certain) that it feels absolutely wrong to consider that "humans are the only ticket to survival for every species on earth". Pretty much every species on Earth would be better off without humans. And again: preserving life on Earth is much easier than bringing it to space (and we are failing at it right now). The asteroid scenario is completely ridiculous: again it's far easier to prevent the asteroid from colliding with Earth than to send a few species to survive in space. Small note: climate is only part of the problem. The current mass extinction has nothing to do with Climate Change, but is rather due to loss of habitat. Now of course, this will add to the problem big time. But the other thing is energy. Our entire society depends on fossil fuels, which are not only causing the climate problem, but are also limited. Planning to go to Mars in 50 years assumes that we will have enough energy to live on Earth and to launch rockets. Let's be honest: right now we don't have a replacement for fossil fuels. We mostly have hope, based on "promising tech" oversold by startups surfing on the green economy idea. Wind/solar is growing a lot, but thanks to fossil fuels. Nuclear plants take a lot of years to get built, and in many places in the world we are more closing them than building new ones. So it is quite likely that we will have a critical energy problem before we manage to send people to Mars. The climate/energy problem is not something that we can solve later, because we are slowly running out of time. And it feels like all the resources that we put in advanced projects like Mars could be (or even should be, at this point) put somewhere else. Because that's a lot of money and competent people. Also it goes with over-consumption: it's not that one such project in itself is too much, but rather that we should start cutting into many of those superfluous projects, to survive. > but if this tech can be scaled up it would be. It's not that it is "not a certainty". It actually seems very unlikely that this could work. > and now it is cheapest form of energy per MW on Earth Thanks to fossil fuels, that have been used at pretty much every step of the process of building and transporting the solar panels. And then it only works with good weather. Not that solar is completely bad, but it does not look like it will be the replacement for fossil fuels. It is not enough to be cheap as a marginal source of energy in a world with cheap fossil fuels. At some point it would need to work on its own... Not sure what your point is :). Do you realise that the Sun "threat" is not for another few billions of years (with a "b")? Dinosaurs appeared what, 250 millions years ago (with an "m")? And there's more: the closest star, Proxima Centauri, is more than 4 light-years away. It means that if you want a chance to survive the Sun, you don't need engineering; you need theoretical physics. You need a fundamental discovery in physics to make that kind of travel realistic. At which point the engineering you will have put to go to Mars will possibly don't apply at all . Again: there is no planet B unless you make a fundamental discovery in theoretical physics. People need to stop pretending that going to Mars is a need. It is an artistic performance. It is cool, but mostly useless. I'm confused: what do they have to reverse-engineer if it's open source? It all sounds great, but it is based on a single huge assumption: "it will be easy to get 'green' hydrogen". They make it sound like they found an alternative to oil, but that is wrong: the hydrogen needs to be produced first. Should we have enough energy, in a post-fossil-fuels world, to produce hydrogen for aviation, maybe it could work. The big question is: will we have that energy? I guess the aviation sector won't entirely disappear, but flying will be much, much more expensive. The aviation sector as we know it will probably end with the end of oil. > If security is important to you, you carry an iPhone Ever heard of NSO's Pegasus? xD So you're saying that it is not a language, package manager, cli and community, but it is a language, a package manager and a cli (and I guess we can assume that talking about the "Nix community" makes sense). How was the parent wrong again? Settings > Stories > Turn off stories. Done. As per SMS, I am fine using a separate app, and I understand that it may be harder than it seems to properly support SMS. I know some people really want SMS in Signal though. Is that how you feel about all the public infrastructure and institutions? It's nice to want no control at all, but then you have... no control at all. Usually that does not benefit the weak either. Did you have a look at the codebase? Is it on purpose or is it a bug? I don't know that this is possible. That's a security feature, and I can understand that they may not want to compromise (too much) on security. But yeah it means that sometimes it's limiting features. Everything is a tradeoff! Right. Yeah it would be nice to let you choose, I agree. Isn't that what passkeys are about? Replace passwords with something simpler I store them on my Yubikeys. So I can read them anywhere (just need the Yubico app), be it on my laptop or phone. And they stay with me when I change phone/laptop. What I liked with Aegis was that it did exactly what Google Authenticator did (or better), but it was open source and not Google. Then I moved to Yubikey, which I also love. I don't see the point in using Google when there are good alternatives :) But do you expect it as a user? I find that I do behave differently on IRC and Slack just because of my perception of the history. On IRC, I have a bouncer mostly to receive the message while I'm offline. But I write down the important information immediately, because I consider it ephemeral. On Slack, I consider that the history is there to stay, so I don't save it anywhere else. Even if I often lose information because I can't find it anymore. Not convinced at all. Say a big exploit gets published for a very popular library: you probably want to patch it as fast as possible. Whereas Rust will help you have fewer security issues in your own code, which is likely not as popular as some of your critical deps. But they do patch the known security exploits that are likely to be actively used. I'm happier with a security exploit (almost) nobody knows than with a published one that appears in hacking tutorials from 10 years ago. But then if it works with shared libs, you kind of lose the advantage of the static linking which was mostly (if I understand correctly) that dynamic library was not working well... Could the rpath situation be improved there, or is it fundamentally limited? Seems like you got it to work, right? The point, I believe, is that sometimes generating bullshit requires some understanding, so it is a worthwhile exercise. Just like running: you end up where you started, so it may seem that you did nothing. But obviously you exercised. Asking a student to write an essay is similar: it is an exercise. Of course that essay won't be published or read by anyone else, but that was not the point. Just like you were not running somewhere, you were just running for running. I would argue that if the student doesn't understand that the value of the exercise is to run, and they take their car instead, then something needs to be explained to them. There are two ways: you can try to design exercises that students cannot abuse, or you can try to have the students actually understand why they should do the exercise and not abuse it. You do realise that in order to reach a good level in judo, you have to do some of the bullshit training like lifting weight, right? Sure. I'm honestly not a big fan of grades, to be honest. But that's a hard problem: some students will be better with grades, some without, and some won't care. Still I don't believe that the goal in school is to learn useful stuff. The goal is to learn how to learn, and to discover stuff. There is plenty of time then to learn how to do a boring job. I don't completely agree. I mean it should not feel like prison, and putting pressure with grades is not necessarily good. But I don't think that school is about learning useful stuff. There is plenty of time to learn a boring job/how to do taxes after school. School should be an opportunity to learn how to learn, and to discover new things. Because you don't need it in your job later doesn't mean it's bullshit. I mean no offence at all, but it somehow feels like you don't know who the author is. Doesn't mean you cannot disagree of course, but I believe his opinion deserves credit :-). The second thing is that I strongly disagree with your statement that technology is mostly harmless and beneficial. In one sentence: it is responsible for the current mass extinction. But of course there are tons of small examples that show how technology is generally not "mostly harmless and beneficial". I would even argue that blockchain, for instance, has turned out to be mostly harmful: I am still looking for a constructive use-case of it, though criminal ones are legion. ChatGPT, for instance, will bring phishing/impersonation/disinformation to a whole new level. That should be scary, given the impact of less elaborate disinformation technologies in the past. The code is not the law. You break laws by breaking into a government website. You don't break law by hacking it, that's the point. A loophole is not illegal, it's a workaround. You seem to consider that the law is defined by the system being hacked. It is not: the law is the law. The code of a website is not the law. It is legal to hack a system if it does not break the law (I can use a fork as a screwdriver if I want to), but it is illegal if it breaks the law (I can use the fork as a weapon and break the law). A loophole is legal. It may feel like it should not be, because it allows to work around the law. But it is legal. I do agree, though it feels like ChatGPT, for instance, already has a lot of potential to harm. It can write disinformation at an incredible scale. Now whenever you visit a website, just ask yourself this question: "was it written by a person, or by a bot?". It's getting hard to say. Of course it does not always matter. But intuitively, wouldn't you put more trust into a website written by a human that actually understand what they wrote? "Visiting Prague in 3 days" written by a human may not be perfect, but at least the human understand the idea of "visiting a city in 3 days". Now think about actual disinformation. Can you still put any trust in an article not written on a website you know (e.g. The Guardian)? It was already a problem before, but with AI like GPT, it is now possible to "flood" the web with disinformation written in pretty high quality language... Did you read the part about the Explainability Problem? I think it says why it is fundamentally not transparent. Sorry I did not mean to imply that your opinion comes from ignorance! I just wanted to make sure you knew who the author is, which I find important and which ChatGPT (since we talk about it :)) completely removes. ChatGPT does answer questions indeed, but a risk I see is that it teaches people not to question the origin of information (ChatGPT completely loses it). But in a world with more and more disinformation, it is a vital skill to be able to check a source. In my opinion, a big part of education is not to get an answer from the professor (here ChatGPT), but to learn how to check information and to be critical about it. "Who wrote that? Why did they write it? Who are they actually? What do others say?" -> ChatGPT not only completely loses that, but it may actually introduce mistakes while it generates the text. I wouldn't want a teacher who routinely introduces mistakes in what they say, while using their authority to make me believe it is true. Many native apps are better. Of course web people like to use web tech for everything. I like native mobile (kotlin/swift) a lot better for mobile dev. I do. That's a misconception of the open source dynamics. You can't just fork a Google-backed project and expect people to follow you. > they won't use it Except for all those popular Electron apps with lock-in effects, like Discord and Slack. Nope, the product managers in the tech industry do. It's all about cost (or perceived cost). Web tech is more successful because it seems cheaper. Not because the resulting apps are better. Make a nice API and let people write client apps that connect to it. Provide your official ElectronJS app next to that, and let the users choose. I would definitely not use the ElectronJS Slack app if I had a choice. Got to Jetbrains IDEs first, never had to move to VScode ;) Still Teams and Slack are roughly doing what IRC does. Just using infinitely more resources. Modern tech stack makes it cheaper to produce software, in a world where consumer don't give a shit and happily buy new hardware to run the worse software. Haha nice quote! :) Does it? My feeling is that users use whatever you give them. And then they buy a new device because theirs is "becoming slow". They don't say "wait, Slack is just a glorified IRC, it should work on my iPhone from 2008, I will just refuse to use it" because they need it. There are no alternatives to the Slack ElectronJS Desktop app. That's the whole point: they don't want to maintain native apps. And they don't open their API to let others do it, I guess because that may hurt their lock-in benefits. You can have a fix desk for employees who want to be on site, and have a bunch of "free desks" for the remote ones who want to come to the office. Sometimes it's nice to be remote, sometimes it's nice to be in the office. Some people like it 100% remote, other 100% on site. Actually, if you accept to work for free, a good business decision would be to stop paying you. Would you act personally surprised or offended or hurt if your company made that business decision? When you own a car, you don't want to wait 20min before it's ready for you. You want to bring it in remote places where it will stay so that you won't have to wait 2h for it to come back. And you want to leave your stuff in it. If you are ready to wait for a car to come pick you up, or to plan your trip based on the schedule of the car, and to pack your stuff in one bag that you can carry along... ... then, my friend, you are ready for public transportations :) You missed part of the idea: "if you accept to work for free". The parent was saying (if I understood correctly): "stop complaining, you should accept the business decision, because that's what a company does: optimize the profit without caring about how the employees feel". I was just saying that as an employee, you have the right to negotiate your working conditions. If you accept all the "business decisions" because they help the company make more profit, then they will stop paying you. That would be completely rational as a business decision. I guess it depends a lot on the quality of your public transport. Where I come from (not the US), in cities you have a bus/tram/metro every 5-10 minutes, bringing you everywhere, for a fraction of the cost of an Uber (which is why nobody uses Uber). Places that don't have good public transport are quite remote, usually there are no Uber there, and if there is a taxi service it is quite far away so you have to wait and it's expensive. Finally, moving one person at a time in a big heavy vehicle is less energy-efficient than having them in public transport (or better: taking the bike!). So public transport + bike again wins there, I think. But again, it depends on the quality of your public service. > People that live in cities, where this is most likely to catch on earlier in cities where the public transport sucks , you mean? I just don't understand who would ever want to use a car inside Paris or Amsterdam, for instance. Really it sounds like you describe an efficient public transport system :). Of course not every city has that (I hear public transport kind of sucks in the US), but still it's important to know that other countries have that, without autonomous cars. I would say that metros in Paris are much, much closer to 3min than to 20 (20 sounds like the middle of the night). But now imagine if every passenger instead took an individual car? That would require a lot of cars. Yes, an individual car is more comfortable if you can afford it and if not too many people have one (otherwise you need big big roads to avoid traffic jams). But really my ideal is closer to metros/trams than taxis. I think trams and buses work well, too. Of course buses are getting closer to autonomous taxis, but it still feels more efficient to share a bus than to have one person per taxi :). Then of course they can be used together. In my city there is a system of rental cars that you leave at different stops: you have a card and can just take the car if it's there. The car doesn't come to you, but still it's a pretty good solution I think. Anyway, autonomous cars have to get reliable before they can actually be used with public transports, I guess. Assuming "cleaner" means more sustainable for the environment (not only carbon footprint, but considering biodiversity), then I think it's pretty much a fact: we are living a mass extinction right now, and that's really correlated to our energy consumption. If it's purely about carbon footprint ("let's finish killing the biodiversity and make living on Earth as close as possible to what it would be to live on Mars"), then it's still debatable whether or not we could keep increasing consumption with the end of fossil fuels (and that's coming). A photovoltaic industry that mostly depends on fossil fuels, doesn't it? Not the OP, but fossil fuels are not unlimited, until now we don't have anything close to them, and anyway more energy consumption tends to go with more loss of habitat (talking biodiversity). I think there is a case to make about reducing energy consumption. Sources for the "creates huge efficiencies" part? Note that if you have surplus of power, maybe you want to use it more wisely :). > no, it mostly depends on energy Sure, and where does most of that energy come from today , and how do you propose we replace it? Because that's the whole point, isn't it? > can use any convenient energy source Sure. Right now it's mostly fossil though, and it's not like photovoltaic is even close to changing that. Of course if you assume a theoretical clean energy to build your photovoltaic, then that's clean (in terms of CO2), but if you have that clean source, why do you need photovoltaic in the first place? I think that's a real problem that gets ignored too often: fossil fuels are limited, and we seem to be around peak production right now. So fossil fuel will go down, that's pretty sure. The question is whether we will be able to compensate, and it's really not a given. Except that Matrix is a protocol, and the end products using it may like to know that v2.0 (which says "I'm breaking backward compatibility") is actually not breaking backward compatibility. > i am not sure how this could have been unclear from my comments above. It was clear. I am just saying that photovoltaic is very far from replacing fossil fuels. > this transition is already happening and will be essentially complete within a decade I guess let's see that. Also photovoltaic energy depends on the weather, it's not exactly something we can control (unlike fossil fuels or nuclear energy). > that has never been a problem so far in human history Well I think we can say that energy consumption in human history is largely correlated with fossil fuels, can't we? But I did not say that there is no market. I said that it's not clear whether we can make it work _at all_ without fossil fuels and without reducing our consumption. > the issue is that it would be bad to turn the planet into venus. Yep, but the biodiversity problem is not even related to climate change: we are destroying life on Earth just because we have the energy to do it. The fact that, on top of that, this energy is creating big problems that still have to happen (climate change) is just adding to the problem. We should just drastically reduce our consumption, both because cheap energy is not a given for the future, and because we should care about not turning the planet into Venus, or Mars. MFi is there to authenticate the accessory (using an authentication coprocessor which supposedly cannot be reverse-engineered). But that does not say that the chip has to be in the cable, does it? It just means that the iOS device may require authentication, so the accessory device needs the chip. In that case, it's all compliant: we could reuse the chargers/usb cables. It's just that not all accessories will be allowed, which is another problem. Of course I'm not a big fan of the MFi-related costs, and I think it would be nice to have an open version of it (just like AOAP on Android). But in terms of security, being able to cryptographically authenticate the accessory from an iOS app is actually nice. I don't know if it counts as a divergent USB-C spec to be honest. For instance, I can create a device that takes USB-C for charging and for a keyboard, but that does not mean that my device must support ethernet-over-usb, right? Such an iOS device could support USB-C charging, but e.g. only accept ethernet-over-usb from certified adapters. I don't think that they can force the cable to be authentified, it's really just that there must be their authentication coprocessor on the accessory side. MFi is not about the cable. It's about authenticating the accessory. I see it as some kind of DRM, because you can't reverse-engineer the protocol and connect your own accessory. I like Android's AOAP better for this reason. That's already a problem with USB-C: try to charge a laptop with a small phone charger: if it doesn't provide enough power, it won't charge. Because it fits doesn't mean that it works. Exactly this! I think the MFi chip just has to be on the device, then any cable works. MFi is costly and annoying (Android's AOAP is much easier because there is no paperwork and no key distribution), but it does bring some security (like "I am plugging this authenticated MFi ethernet adapter that was audited and that shouldn't pretend to be a keyboard and do stuff on my behalf") It doesn't really matter in terms of support requests, it is equally confusing. Instead of an intuitive "it doesn't fit, so it won't work", USB-C forces the users to understand what they are plugging. Some are obvious of course (it probably won't charge if you plug a keyboard), but the chargers are not. But yeah, at least the cables can be reused. And people will learn :) I think you are misunderstanding it. The fact that it is "universal" means that it can be used for different purposes. Not that it must support all of them. Try to plug a USB-C keyboard into your laptop and use it as a webcam... because it connects with USB-C does not mean that it is a camera. Nothing says that a smartphone has to support everything it can. Typically, ethernet-over-usb is not really a supported feature of Android. It can work, it works on some phones, and on others it seems like the kernel module is just not there (so it doesn't work at all ). Is that an antitrust issue? I don't think so: the phone manufacturer just decided that their phones would not do ethernet-over-usb, that's their choice. I see. Well I can't imagine that it would be fine to require an MFi chip in USB-C cables. Because that destroys the whole point of using USB-C cables indeed. If the rumor is true, I would bet that it's more about bringing MFi to USB-C devices. Which is totally compatible with USB-C. If you ignore the fact that your pv panels plus batteries relied on fossil fuel for extraction/manufacturing/transport, right? Now try to do all that without fossil fuels. Is that still cheaper, today? Pretty sure it's not (pretty sure it's not possible to do that with only pv energy right now, the infrastructure is just not there). Though I would like it to be more open (like the Android AOAP), I disagree with the "abuse of position". They build a smartphone, they don't have to enable ethernet-over-usb if they don't want to (most Android phones don't). Just like they don't have to add cameras to their smartphones if they don't want to. I guess they can totally say "you can only use MFi-certified ethernet adapter with iOS devices", and this actually brings security ("when you plug an ethernet adapter in your iPhone, you can be sure it won't behave like a keyboard and try to hack you"). Of course I wish everything was more open. But that does not make it an abuse of their position. Most software out there is vendor-locked and proprietary. That's a good question! I wonder if the data sent over MFi is signed/encrypted (which would prevent a MITM attack). I could totally imagine it! But at least it somehow protects against a fake accessory with some malware in it, because the accessory has to be authenticated (that I'm sure of). No, I don't think so. At least for MFi (which this rumor suggests they will extend to USB-C), there is an authentication co-processor. That's not just an ID, it's cryptography. So theoretically it could be possible to break the authentication, but in practice, we can assume it's at least very hard. > I haven't seen that "This accessory is not supported" message on an Apple device in many years Well with the lightning cable it's pretty clear that it has to be MFi-certified, right? > iPad Pros have USB-C, and as far as I can tell they are broadly compatible with things like USB audio interfaces which I'm also fairly confident have not gone through any sort of Apple certification process. Sure. The thing is that MFi is some kind of authentication that goes on top . To me it really feels like they were forced to move to USB-C, so they did it, and now the rumor says that they are porting MFi to USB-C (which makes total sense, I don't see a reason for them to drop the MFi program). "Activating" MFi with USB-C is just a matter of updating the software (assuming that they have the cryptography hardware in the device). IMHO the rumor is really plausible. Actually I was expecting MFi to be there from the beginning on, and I was confused by the fact that it was not there: I don't see USB-C as a technical reason for them to drop MFi. It is definitely the case. I guess that MFi does not prevent third-party chargers to work with a lightning cable, but it certainly does require authentication for data transfer. Now, iOS supports ethernet-over-lightning, so you can plug an ethernet adapter and have it connect to your router. But it is illegal to make an accessory that would "integrate" an ethernet adapter. If you make an accessory, it has to go through the MFi protocol. Here is an example: if you take a DJI drone and connect the remote controller to your iOS (lightning) device, it goes over MFi. It would be illegal (as per the Apple ToS) for DJI to use ethernet over lightning there. Actually, USB is generally a security concern (some corporations disable the USB ports in their computers). So there is a case to make for security by having more control on the data that goes over USB. But I don't think that it is about authenticating the cable. Rather it's about authenticating the accessory. Which I believe makes sense in terms of security (well Android doesn't do it with AOAP and nobody cares, but that's a design decision). Hmm I guess that fan is just getting power from the device. MFi authenticates the data channel, but I doubt there is any data moving between the device and the fan, right? Shouldn't there be a difference between "verified" and "paid"? If bad actors can just pay to have a "verified" account, then it's completely meaningless, isn't it? Either they truly verify (which is probably hard) and I can pay to be verified, or they don't, and it's completely useless because nobody should trust the verification... I thought he bought it to prove what a moron and a jerk he is. Maybe that's just a side effect :) Agreed. Either they get it right (and then congrats, the Facebook account is now a passport), or they don't, and it's completely meaningless because it still means "well don't trust it though". Maybe, but at least the verification seemed meaningful. And it feels like a meaningful verification doesn't generalise well: it's easy to pick a few people (arbitrarily) and truly verify them. But verifying millions of people... that's hard, unless you don't truly verify (in which case it's meaningless). Because we've polluted the ground so much that it's hard for one company alone to really pollute significantly more. But polluting space around Earth is brand new, so a few companies are rushing to leave their mark there. I am European and I hate Musk, but that's not the reason why I wouldn't use Starlink. I just don't want commercial companies to send hundreds of thousands of satellites and pollute my sky, just to enable more consumption in a world that has passed its limits. Sure. I guess just like Musk got blamed personally for his screw up with Twitter employees all over the world? He did a whole bunch of illegal stuff there, I'm still waiting to see consequences. Well if websites were not absolutely huge for no reason, we could certainly live with slower Internet connections. Well except for TikTok and the likes, I guess. But at some point we should realise that those "improvements" are destroying the planet. I can't believe that Starlink is counting on those relatively few people to make money. There must be some other stream of revenue, right? Right, that's interesting! Thanks for the insights :) > and the normal ongoing monitoring of behavior Now I get another question: say you have millions of paid, verified users (that's the goal, right?). If you can monitor millions of account successfully, then it's most likely automated, isn't it? And then it should scale to all the users, maybe? In which case again, "verified" feels meaningless (because they just improved the bot situation overall). > And that makes a lot of bad behavior unprofitable I wonder if the bad behavior that can be reasonably well detected is the unprofitable one. Say I can leverage the "verified" badge to scam people more efficiently -> probably I can pay 8$ for an account that will scam a few people, right? So really paying 8$ would be a deterrent for bots that purposely do disinformation, but there it's hard to know if it's a bot, isn't it? I mean many people do disinformation just out of a lack of knowledge, and that's not a reason to qualify them as bots, right? Right. So it's not exactly about connecting those who are remote and need it... unless we consider that having access to TikTok on a ship is a fundamental need. He'll get fines ("settlements", I guess), and that will still have been cheaper than going the legal way. In the meantime many people lost their job in an irregular way (w.r.t. their country), and maybe they can't afford it. That's how much responsibilities too rich people have: it's cheaper for them to go the illegal way and screw those who worked for them. I guess some people want heavier customisation, whereas they just accept what macOS enforces. I have been using different Linux distros in the last 15 years (mostly Arch, so rolling), and really I don't customise much (default i3, default vim, etc). Doesn't really require any maintenance at all, I would say. Well you can't deny that if you understand how to compile your kernel, how to make a rootfs, what a primary/secondary bootloader is, etc, then you actually have learned about computers, right? Try Linux from scratch, then ask yourself how macOS, Windows and *BSD solve those problems. Wouldn't you call that computer science? I use Arch, i3 and vim (not tmux), and I don't customize anything: I just use them as they are, no maintenance :). I am genuinely surprised by how many people find that 2h a month is a lot of time, especially when it's about maintaining their work station. I mean reading HN comments probably doesn't take them much less, does it? I also don't really spend time maintaining my Linux, but I don't think 2h a month is a lot. I mean, I probably spend more time reading HN comments or restarting Xcode (after cleaning the cache, and the hidden cache, and the DerivedData) when I work on macOS xD Non-Apple smartphones mostly run Android, with a GPLv2 Linux kernel. I guess this already is more open than Apple, because OEMs need to open source their downstream kernel. Yeah maybe. I don't know, it still feels to me that "people should not trust verified accounts because they may be scams", and bad actors can still make 10k unverified accounts. If people learn to trust verified accounts, it becomes a risk (they shouldn't, since it is not completely reliable / it was completely bad for Twitter), right? And if they don't learn to trust verified accounts, then scammers have no reason to pay for them. I think it does make a difference: there are tons of Android ROMs (or even Linux distros like PostmarketOS) that run on many different Android smartphones. But I don't see the equivalent for iPhones. Isn't that because iPhones are more closed somehow? Maybe there is another reason, I don't know to be honest. That's how it's supposed to be. I doubt it really is in practice (at least not always). Let me rephrase it to what I think is the reality: "The fines will be handed out in such a way that obeying the law would have been cheaper as estimated by people who don't really have a way to know ." -> That's how lobbying works: people on both sides argue, and some rule decides for something in the middle. It's not exactly a formal proof. Ok let's take one step back and look at the parent: > I don’t see how this can be true under any definition of computer science. Let me arbitrarily copy one definition of computer science, from Wikipedia: > Computer science is the study of computation, automation, and information. Computer science spans theoretical disciplines (such as algorithms, theory of computation, information theory, and automation) to practical disciplines (including the design and implementation of hardware and software). I think that designing an OS counts as computer science, at least under "some definition of computer science". And learning how to maintain an OS is a step towards understanding how it is designed. Of course, maintaining your OS does not teach you Javascript. But Computer Science is not limited to Javascript. And I have seen many developers distribute libraries without having a clue about how package management works, which results in a big mess. And then they complain about the tools ("CMake sucks, it's not my fault"), where actually they just don't have a clue how it works below. I see computer science as the discipline that makes the whole computer work. Because one can't be bothered to understand anything below their favourite framework doesn't mean it doesn't count as "computer science". Ok let's take one step back and look at the parent: > I don’t see how this can be true under any definition of computer science. Let me arbitrarily copy one definition of computer science, from Wikipedia: > Computer science is the study of computation, automation, and information. Computer science spans theoretical disciplines (such as algorithms, theory of computation, information theory, and automation) to practical disciplines (including the design and implementation of hardware and software). I think that designing an OS counts as computer science, at least under "some definition of computer science". And learning how to maintain an OS is a step towards understanding how it is designed. Of course, maintaining your OS does not teach you Javascript. But Computer Science is not limited to Javascript. I wouldn't be very happy if you told me that I am not a software engineer because I don't know Javascript, to be honest. > There is no technology, survey, or program in operation today to monitor all the potential threats to Earth. Because it's much easier to prepare to go live on Mars, apparently. /s Are we spending on climate change? I see a lot of greenwashing, but it's more marketing than spending. This said, I think you kind of miss a few points regarding climate change. First, it hasn't happened yet, it's just starting. We are living a mass extinction right now, and that's not a computer model or some prediction; that's a fact: we can count how many trees, mammals and insects have already disappeared (something like 75%). That's not the climate change problem, it's the biodiversity problem. If we magically removed the excess of CO2 from the atmosphere today , we would still be living a mass extinction. Just because of habitat loss (for other species obviously), which is due to how we live. We are destroying the planet, that's a fact, and that's before taking into account climate change. The solution to that? Produce less, consume less. There is no serious technological solution, because technology is the problem. Then there is the energy problem: fossil fuels are going down (we passed conventional peak oil in 2008, general peak oil is about now, LNG is close) and we don't have serious alternatives. That will threaten our whole society. Solution? Prepare to do with less energy, meaning that we won't be able to produce as much, meaning that it actually helps the climate change problem -> that's fortunate. Finally, for both of those existential problems, they exist because of how we actively behave (as opposed to a potential asteroid that doesn't care about our actions). So of course it seems like we should do something. But it's much harder than the asteroid: for the asteroid, we should actually spend money building a solution. For the biodiversity/climate, we should generally produce less, which is not compatible with growth. Somehow we do the opposite of what we should: we don't do anything about asteroids, but we should. We do a lot of stuff that is destroying the planet, and we should not. Because we are short-sighted and looking for profit, not long-term (mid-term, at this point?) survival. Agreed. And it gets attention because it is a consequence of our actions. If we stop consuming too much, it won't change the asteroid situation (there we should actively do something). But the biodiversity/climate problem is the opposite: the problem is that we are doing too much! Yeah, I think we're on the same page here. Sure. But that's not the question. I see the question more as this: "Say life will get extinct in 1000 years no matter why. And say that if you do nothing, it goes extinct in 10 years, but if you act now, it will get closer to those 1000 years. Should you do something?". That's the same thing about the current mass extinction/biodiversity problem/climate change: we are not talking about saving the species in 200 years, we've long proven that we don't care about that. We are talking about saving our butts. Us, currently living. Thanks for the insights! I want updates mostly for security reasons. If your phone hasn't received a security update in a year, I can just go check security issues that were published online, pick one that I like, and write an app that will exploit it. I have been using /e/ OS on a Fairphone for 2 years now. I love it. I would say that the experience is not very far from a stock Android. Most of the issues I have (which is not a lot) are because I'm completely de-Googled, but you don't need that. I really think that there are alternative ROMs today that are great, if your phone is supported. Hopefully repairable phones will be supported (at least Fairphone is great for community support, I find). That's right, and that's why you should choose your phone based on the ROM you want. Of course if you choose a phone that is not supported, it probably won't work well. Try running the Samsung S23 ROM on a Nokia 7 plus and tell me how it goes: that's the same problem. I have been using /e/ OS on a Fairphone for 2 years, and it is absolutely great. I just use it like a normal Android, no need to fiddle with it _at all_. Some apps don't work because I'm de-Googled (no Play Services), but you don't need that (or you can accept that some apps don't work). > but that I have them is suggestive of how far from mainstream custom roms are. Totally. I think ROMs like /e/ OS and CalyxOS are actually getting close to giving the same experience as stock ROMs, though (if you choose a phone that is supported, that it). Let's hope it keeps moving forward! Repairable phones + long term support with custom ROM sounds great IMO! Aren't projects like PostmarketOS upstreaming many devices? Meaning that you can then update the kernel, right? That's a wrong look at security, I think. Everything is "pwnable", if you put enough resources into it. The question is how much resources do you need to put into it? If you have a 5 years-old never-patched Android, probably a student can go read disclosed security issues, pick one that they understand (or for which they found a tutorial online), and hack you. It's not the same thing as saying that your patched iPhone can be hacked by NSO, though. Can't you choose a phone that does not do hardware remote attestation? Android runs the Linux kernel, but the rest of the OS is very, very different from typical Linux distributions. > Phones are a tiny amount of waste. Can you elaborate on that? Seems completely wrong to me. I think the point of the Fairphone is that usually , the motherboard lives longer than the rest. The goal is to keep the motherboard for as long as possible, by replacing the modules around. If your motherboard died... well that's unfortunate, but I believe it's not supposed to be the norm. I, for one, am super happy with my 3+. Right, but it's not the weight that matters, it's the environmental impact. And there I'm convinced that e-waste is not negligible. > security updates are a mere sales pitch that doesn't actually benefit the user a whole lot Whose sales pitch would that be? I haven't noticed that, I believe security is mostly seen a source of cost. Also we tend to change phone frequently, which is the same as a security update. But if you keep it for 5 years, it starts to matter more. > Would I have been hacked if I stuck with my Pixel 3? Hard to say. Everyone should fasten their seat belt when driving a car, but it does not mean at all that if you don't, then you will have an accident. But if you did, it is an established fact that the seat belt would probably help. People do get hurt by security issues. Remember NSO Pegasus? Would you want that to be out in the wild, such that a kid in your daughter's school could get access to her phone/social media/camera/pictures? I am pretty sure you do want some level of security. A seatbelt does not lose its ability with time (I have never heard about "changing the seatbelts"). So they don't need updates. However, software that connects to the internet "loses" security with time (as time passes, more vulnerabilities are found). That's why we need updates: to maintain our non-zero security level. Then you could argue that we could have smaller updates with fewer patches, because what we have right now is overkill. And maybe some of those updates don't really matter much, indeed. But some do. And for those, you need security updates. Oh, that makes sense! It's a bit harsh, there are great examples of companies behaving responsibly: just look at Amazon or Twitter, or oil companies. Even the FIFA! /s > the trick is to get too big to fail status before gov't agencies can come shut you down. While avoiding getting bought by Elon \o/ Anything with a learning curve steeper than "throw your files in a Dockerfile and call it a day" unfortunately tends to be considered "not sane". There is a whole market when it comes to making new tools for people who "don't have the time to RTFM". And then for tools helping to use those tools. (To be clear: I really like Yocto) To be fair, there are tens of projects out there dedicated to creating custom rootfs...