I have done it up to maybe 75% from time to time. Most of what I do is in ssh sessions to other systems in Xterm windows, so that's easy to do in console especially with tmux. I read my email in a terminal as well. I still need a web browser mostly for administrative stuff at my office that is only provided with a web interface. Exactly. A snapshot is a point in time on the storage media. It allows you to make a backup as if the backup occurred at that point in time, i.e. files are not changing while the backup is running. A snapshot is not a guarantee that any particular file is consistent with the state of the application that is using it. It's still a backup of an "open" file with all the potential issues that implies. One concern with a very small phone is that it necessarily has a very small battery. If you can charge frequently, or you only use the phone for an occasional text message it may be OK for you, but if you're checking it every few minutes and active on social media you'll likely not be happy with it. The emissions weren't so pleasant, however! Thicker would not be an issue for me (up to a point). Especially on a very small phone. Would probably make it easier to hold. Run a tmux session, then you can scroll back as many lines as it preserves (configurable). The point is, that if you demo something and it's perfect, someone in the room is more than likely going to opine about a way it could be even better. Likely not another dev, but a product or biz person. Even if you deflect by saying "that wasn't in the story, but we'll add it to the backlog" that still takes time and unnecessary discussion. If you leave or introduce some trivially fixable but noticable flaw in the demo, that will (hopefully) get noticed and everyone can feel that they are doing their jobs without needing to make up something. Try to think about a way your product (or at least a minimal version of it) could work without "user management." Sounds counterintuitive but sometimes it is a requirement that has never really been thought about, just assumed to be necessary. Industrial waste incineration is not at all the same thing as burning trash in a backyard fire. That's good to know. My impression was based on other comments I had read (in particular about the Unihertz Jelly) and it seeming to make sense intuitively. That's why we dropped it. It just got to be too expensive. Yes you got access to their support knowledge base, which was sometimes helpful but if you did a little work you could almost always find the answers elsewhere. The main thing I liked about RHEL was its stability. Not a lot of churn, and for running any other vended software, support for RHEL was never a question. Converted everything to CentOS. When Red Hat killed that distro, that was a bridge-burning event. We use Ubuntu now. > Most cargo revenue come from transporting freight in the holds of passenger jets. Is this really true? DHL, FedEx, and UPS (and Amazon?) all operate their own freight aircraft. There are also contract freight operators. Most major airports have an entire area that is exclusively for freight operations. Yes some freight does go in the holds of passenger jets, but is it "most" or even close? Instead it was literally about spiders. Often, just changing the user agent string so that Firefox appears to be Chrome will let those sites work. I.e. they work fine in Firefox, but are restricted by user agent string checks to reject that browser and/or OS. There are several plugins for Firefox that make this easy. They don't always say "go get chrome" but one example that still happens to me is logging in to Outlook email at work, if I use Firefox I get a hobbled "basic HTML" interface, if I masquerade as Chrome on Windows I get the full UI and it all works perfectly. Google drive is another one, where some things stop working depending on the user agent I'm presenting. There was WordPerfect for unix back in the day as well, I used it at work in an HP-UX environment. I don't know if it was ever available for Linux. I was in college in the latter half of 1980s. Computers were very much in use at the time for writing papers, and some classes required them for other work. Students were not expected to actually own one, however -- they would go to labs around campus which were basially just rooms full of PCs loaded up with all the common software. Computer Science courses generally just required a remote dumb terminal, such as a VT100 or ADM 3a. These were available in a few rooms around campus as well. Yeah, I saw that too, and thought he probably uses a speech-to-text approach to drafting his articles. That seems like the sort of mistake speech recognition would make. But it could also be auto-correct or even a real typo. > Most of these administrative roles are not optional (at least not if you don't want to get sued. They are mostly not optional if you want to receive federal funding. There are some small colleges that are totally private, do not take government funds, and so don't have to implement and administer many government regulations. Seems that you might invest in companies that provide things that retired boomers will be buying? > the days are long gone when an ordinary engineer needs to study algorithms in depth Except to pass the interview screens at high-profile tech companies? Every day I look at the things that I'm ready to do, and choose the one that I like the least, the one that's least fun — the task that I would most like to procrastinate from doing, but for which I have no good reason for procrastination. I'm not sure I've seen this approach to combating procrastination before. I can see how it might work: once you've completed the thing you least wanted to do, you might feel relief that the distasteful task is done and you can then dive into other stuff without that nagging you in the back of your mind. I think I will give this a try... I think this is generally good, unless your database treats NULL and '' as the same thing.... e.g. Oracle. Shades of Andromeda Strain Indeed. So many things that would have killed off our ancestors are now surviable and managable today, it seems likely to me that we are probably "de-evolving" i.e. more and more undesireable traits are surviving and being passed along to our offspring. Yes, but a person can write a paper just as well in Wordperfect 5 as the latest Google Doc or Office365 Word. How many millions of dev-hours have been expended on stuff that fundamentally doesn't do anything new ? Edit: saying they don't do anything new isn't right. They do, especially with regards to collaboration. What I really mean is that they don't make the essential task -- the actual writing -- much easier. That's still human/mental work. Once you have come up with the words, putting the words into a document is the easy part. Yeah but for functioning economies, you can expect a recession every 10-20 years, with smaller corrections more often. I remember the talk about "stagflation" in the 1970s, though I was too young to really understand it. The boom economy that started in the 1980s crashed in 2000. I remember that well as I lost my job. In 2008 I was working in the public sector and my employment was unaffected, I also didn't have any mortgages with stupid terms, and didn't need any of my retirement investments yet so I just rode that one out. So a recession in 2022, especially given the past two years, is maybe a bit early but not really surprising. After having to deal with all the stuff my parents left behind I swore to myself that I would not do the same thing to my kids. It's easy to say "just throw it out" but so many items have nostalgia and memories attached. Yet if I hadn't had to sort through it all, I never would have missed that stuff. I need to get on it. I'm not getting younger. Are you required to know the vehicle code to qualify to operate a bicycle on the roads? If they are legally "road vehicles," why not? Steve Jobs said almost the same thing about the Segway. He said it we would design cities around it. How often do you see one in use? The reality is that most people don't like to cycle. They like to drive. They like to be protected from the rain, cold, heat, and other vehicles as they move from place to place. Especially if they have kids, or elderly passengers, or have to move stuff with them, or have to travel any appreciable distance. eBikes are good for out-of-shape people who think they want to start cycling, and not much else. Don't overlook survivorship bias. There was plenty of cheap junk being sold 50 years ago. I'd say pretty much yes. If the file name is the "key" then most languages have straightforward ways to create and delete files, read data from them, and write data to them. I've found books surprisingly hard to get rid of. Local recycling center doesn't take them, and they are pretty heavy so you can't set out a big bin full of them for trash collection. Used bookstores are extremely picky about titles, authors, and condition. Listing and selling on eBay is not worth the time for the tiny amount of money you may make, and most of them don't even sell. I mostly just end up throwing them away a few at a time. > what happens if we can no longer trust the American tech platforms with our data I'm not sure why anyone with "national security" concerns ever trusted American (or anyone else's) tech platforms to begin with. Everyone spies on everyone, and many current alliances are not even 50 years old---a blink of the eye in historical perspective. Even if some other nations have "better" privacy laws than the US, those are only laws. They can be changed rather quickly if the political winds start blowing differently. Use an ad blocker. I use ublock origin and don't see any ads on old.reddit. Yeah I think it's the ultimate end of all social media, excepting forums that are aggressively moderated to stay on topic. I'm on a few email lists that are moderated this way. Any tangents into politics and memes are killed immediately, even neutral off-topic stuff is discouraged. Usenet is dead. Reddit, Facebook, Twitter are dying. Something will take their place, become popular, and it will eventually die for the same reasons. I'm on Android, and would possibly use this. Would your app work for tracking the Starting Strength program (3x5 sets 3x/week, not 5/3/1) or is it very exclusive to 5/3/1 tracking? I know exactly what you're talking about with community-killers. They don't really violate any explicit rules but they poison every thread with endless argumentation and always having to have the last word. I'm on a forum where such people are given two-week bans to start, and eventually perma-bans if they persist. It works pretty well but they will often return with a new account and start over. Moderation is endless work if your community is attracting new users to any degree. They offer one-time backup codes that can be used if a device is lost. I'm not sure if this is Google or the site, but for every login where I've set up Google Authenticator I have copied the backup codes to my password manager for that account. I'd agree that a lot of people might not do that however. That's not a gun crime (at least on the part of the kid) it's an accident. Kids die in accidents, it's a very sad reality. It might well be negligence on the part of the parents or whomever let the kid gain access to the gun though. Is it time to spin up http://fuckedcompany.com/ again? Sysadmins? These were photographs. Film and paper. Many people had to make the choice of being fired if they refused the vaccine. I'm not sure that is "being conned" more like being coerced. Even though some employers have walked back or not followed through on those threats, employees had to make the choice without benefit of that hindsight. I don't know about the support network for your condition but surely there are some? I'm making an assumption, but you write as if you are trying to manage things all by yourself, which is commendable but perhaps making things more difficult than they need to be. Are you working with any kind of local autism support group? I would hope there are some resources to help people such as yourself navigate the difficulties with finding employment. And there are some employers who specifically want to hire in this area. Maybe you just need help with connecting to the right opportunities? I voted very good. Life isn't perfect but it never is. I'm healthy, employed, have a nice place to live and enough income and time to indulge in some hobbies and personal growth stuff. > an automated system could broadcast the planned-routes of dispatched priority vehicles to every autonomous car in the city, allowing the autonomous cars to preemptively clear paths, before it even becomes an issue of local-reasoning about an exceptional-situation These cars can barely drive themselves with hyper-accurate maps on a sunny day without any surprises, and we want them to receive and evaluate emergency dispatches from some central system that doesn't yet exist, and respond accordingly? I think we're a ways away from that. Some people say that's how you should aways answer. Someone asks "how are you" and you should answer "fantastic!" or something similar. You say it and you will start to feel it, so the theory goes. I'm not sure it works. I usually say "I'm good, how are you?" and I think the over-the-top replies sound phony, but I haven't really tried it. Obviously a few have, as they are available online. I would guess the vast majority have not. One of the linked stories in that Reddit post describes how many of them were burned or shredded in the 1990s. Nobody was mass-digitizing old paper records back then, storage was too scarce and too expensive. There was no S3. The bottom is where most people are. The spending of the 1% isn't really driving inflation of consumer goods and food, it's the spending of the bottom 80% who have extra cash from recently higher wages and stimulous checks. There isn't a job around here that pays less than about $15/hr now, even entry level McDonalds is paying 16 year-olds that. That's a lot more, almost double what they were paying pre-COVID. You can't run away from the real economic value of goods, services, and labor. If the working poor are now making more than they used to for doing the same work, prices will inflate until they consume about the same percentage they did before, because the economic value of their labor has not changed. If you want to help the poor in the long run, you can't just pay them more money for the same work, you have to find ways to make their labor worth more. Give exams in a room, proctored, on paper, at a scheduled time. Open book/open note -- like real life. Everyone takes it at the same time. If you aren't there (without a good reason) you fail. And you can wait for it to show up. Around here a Doordash or Uber Eats delivery is at least an hour, maybe 90 minutes. So you need to plan ahead a bit. You can do a "DEF delete," but if you are caught you will be paying some major fines for EPA violations that will quickly exceed the value of the truck. Do the DOT inspections at weigh stations not check for this? I know that older trucks are grandfathered as they never had it; generally vehicles are required to have all the original emissions controls intact. You also will need to know how to reflash the engine computers, which will not be happy if expected emissions equipment is simply removed. A propane/isobutane blend is a good replacement for R-12 which was the refrigerant used for air-conditioning before CFCs were banned. Straight propane as you note is better for freezers than air conditioners. A problem with blended refrigerants is that if there is a slow leak the blend will change as the refrigerant leaks out, due to the different partial pressures. That makes recharging more difficult, you basically have to vacuum out the system and recharge with the correct mixture. Also, propane and isobutane are both flammable, but other than CO2, most refrigerants are to some degree. Many things can ignite during accidents, such as the 10-20 gallons of gasoline in an average automobile tank. The tanks tend to be pretty well protected, and an air-conditioner condensor is normally at the very front end of the car, but that design could be changed. > “The pattern of spending more and getting less is well-documented in the U.S. healthcare system; now we see it in cancer care, too,” said co-author Elizabeth Bradley It's a cynical viewpoint, but I can forgive those who think that modern health care is mostly a way to extract as much wealth as possible from sick people before they die. There are no standardized high-school exams in the USA. The closest things would be SAT/ACT which are taken by college-bound high school students, but they are separate from high school and have zero bearing on graduating from high school. I don't know of any reason an older person could not take the SAT but also most older students interested in going to university would be admitted under different critera than a 17 year old, and high school grades and SAT might not be relevant at all for someone in his 30s or older. He does sound a bit "out there" but mainstream science says that vegetable/seed oils are safe to eat, so anyone who says they are not is going to be "anti-science." I would think an activated carbon filter might grab them, but having some trouble finding an definitive statement on that. I wonder if there's a corresponding list of "falsehoods users believe about how search works" When I use a search engine, I know I am often choosing my search terms based on suppositions about how the search engine works, but if I'm honest, I really have no idea. It usually devolves to trial and error until I find results that are close to what I wanted. How often do we see the pattern: Industry invents A, which is useful but has bad side effects causing A to get banned. Industry invents B, which does the same thing, maybe not quite as well, and with its own bad side effects, and might be chemically very close to A, but it's technically not A so it can be sold. B gets banned. Repeat. I simply do not keep a neat enough house to have a robot vacuum. There is too much stuff on the floor for it to get tangled up in. I use Emacs all day, every day at work for the last 20 years. I'd like to see these changes too, but honestly it's not even close to being on my top 10 of frequent frustrations. The average web app is way less responsive, suffers random hangs, HTTP 500 errors, browser freezes, etc. than I experience in Emacs. The problems that are at the center of the divides in our population. They are discussed/argued endlessly, and by intention are not discussed a lot here. The rules say if it's something that you would see on television news, it's probably off-topic here. We don't need this place to turn into another typical comment section on the internet. Go to one of those places if you want to shout at other people who are not there with open minds. At research universities, sure that is a big part of it. The professors are paid largely from research grant awards that they bring in, and about half of that award is skimmed off the top by the university for "overhead." There are many small colleges that are not research-focused. They teach. They make their money from tuition and gifts, and possibly other federal grants but not for research. High schools in general do an extremely poor job at teaching financial literacy. The only education I had on the cost of debt and the time value of money were incidental story problems in math classes. The strangely named "home economics" classes were all about cooking and nutrition and sewing, not about buying vs. renting a house or buying a new vs. used car vs. leasing, or saving for retirement or emergencies. It's no wonder many young people have no idea what a burden debt can be. Yeah bankruptcy is a legal process. Judges and probably lawyers are involved. It's not "free" and (my supposition) if you have legitimate near-term future prospects for income the judge may not grant it and tell you to get a job and pay what you owe. Since Cray stopped making their own CPUs, they have been back and forth between AMD and Intel several times. Back in the 1990s I worked at an investment bank that offered a paid 3 month sabbatical after 10 years of service, and then every 5 years afterwards. I don't quite remember the specifics but that was the gist of it. This was on top of normal PTO. They didn't tell you what to do with the time, but encouraged doing some deliberate personal growth. It was a rather uncommon benefit at the time. I can look out the window and see what the weather is where I am now. Beyond that I am interested in the weather for my general area over the next couple of days, which is imprecise enough anyway that my exact location doesn't matter. Same, also on Android. I have maybe half a dozen apps installed that did not come with my phone. Most of the apps that did come with my phone I have removed or disabled. I also keep location turned off unless I am actively navigating in Google Maps. I know that doesn't eliminate all tracking but it's an easy thing to do. It's never been clear to me what advantage these totally virtual banks have over an account at a local bank or credit union with a real local brick and mortar presence and real people who can help you face-to-face with any issues. I have a 19 year old Ford Focus that has been great. It's not much on creature comforts but it starts and runs like new. I've had two Hondas of the same vintage with dead transmissions. The worst price you will get for a used car is trading it in. The best thing to do is sell it privately, after researching what it is worth. Outsourcing in the 2000s was difficult, technologically. Zoom meetings didn't exist. Github didn't exist. Continuous integration and automated testing was not really a thing. There was nothing like Slack. Screen sharing was difficult if not effectively impossible. Remote work is much more practical today, and the pandemic gave it a huge turbo-boost. I don't think we'll see a replay of oursourcing from 20 years ago (which was generally a debacle, no argument). Right. While at the same time as they clumsily block any IPs with unknown reputation, they seemingly cannot reliably flag a poorly formatted, obvious and well-known fake invoice for "Norton 360 renewal" as spam (and really, it's worse than spam, it's a scam). It's almost expected any time there is a large award with competitive bids. Losing bidders will sue, because they have deep enough pockets and legal staff to do it, just on the chance that the award will be blocked. It's part of the reason that large government procurements are so inefficient. Why can I identify spam at a glance, with greater than 90% accuracy, from the subject line alone, and to Google it's an unsolved problem? Google reads and indexes every email that they deliver to a gmail inbox. They probably have the worlds largest and highest paid staff of ML experts, and they resort to auto-flagging based on IP address? Fix it. I have never seen a cheap farmers market. Around here they seem to be exclusively for and patronized by wealthy older people, who don't blink at paying $7 for a head of lettuce. Same thing with convenience stores. I had near me a local, independent convenience store that was really more of a small grocery store than a convenience store. They had a meat/deli counter where you could pick up some steaks on the way home, or get a lunch sandwich made to order on the way to work. They had a small but decent quality selection of produce. Potatoes, tomatoes, onions, lettuce, apples, bananas. A few years ago the owners retired and sold to an Indian family. All well and good, but they eliminated the meat, deli, and produce and added smoking glassware, vape juice, and cheap knives. Also they seem to have a problem with programming their checkout system, because everything rings up for $0.10 - 0.15 more than marked. When I was about 15 (this was in the 1980s) I had been hanging out at a local computer shop, trying to figure out what I might want to buy for my hard-earned paper route and lawn-mowing money. The shop owner, who I would guess was in his 30s, offered to drive me to the next larger city to look at some stuff that he could not get for some reason. On the way there (or maybe on the way back) he took me to White Castle for food. We didn't have a White Castle and he really liked their food. I guess you might say there were red flags there, but he didn't do anything remotely weird, then or later. He was apparently just wanting to help out a kid who was interested in the same stuff he was. Nowadays I don't think anyone would dare. Yeah. McDonald's didn't have drive-thrus when I was a kid. My mom would take me there once or twice a year and it was always a highlight. I would always get a happy meal with an orange drink. I loved their orange drink. This was my take on it. The supermarket can't reach into my paycheck and take more money at their whim, nor can they put me in jail. If you have a family, house, etc. it can make you more risk-averse if you don't have a substantial amount of savings. That said, if you are smart and motivated, re-skilling for an in-demand high-paying field is pretty low risk. It's the people who try to jump into something in a very competitive field, like owning a restaurant, with no prior experience, that can end up worse off. Rentals must on average cover the debt, taxes, and profit for the owner. The tennant pays monthly rent including all of the above and has nothing to show for it when the lease ends. Condos at least build some equity that you can recover when you sell. Sure there are some risks and maintenance costs that renters don't "pay" but it's all included in the rent, over time. Audio cassettes had this also. A little tab you could break off that would prevent recording. If you later changed your mind and wanted to record over the tape, you would just tape over the hole. Also short term beneficial choices may be long term bad choices. The industrial revolution was great for humanity for well over a century. The standard of living in industrial countries advanced farther and quicker than ever before. But that same industrial activity had long term effects that we (as a society) are only just starting to accept and are still in disagreement about how to handle. And they will be if it's feasible and there is a demand. I wonder how difficult it would be to farm-raise them. We do it with many varieties of fish. And I would speculate that most devs only know a small fraction of git's functionality. It is certainly the case for me. It isn't. There's a transfer case between the electric drive and the gasoline engine. It's not that complicated, basically a planetary gear mechanism, and is pretty rugged and trouble-free. Yeah that's one of the ones I don't touch. I like the idea but that's a lot of money for very limited features. I understand the lack of features is the point, but a Nokia 6300 4G KaiOS phone is only $70. No Signal, but it has WhatsApp. Yes? Always has been. It's OK to care about your work, just put limits on it to allow time for other things in your life. To me, nuclear fission has to be part of any serious plan to reduce carbon emissions. Yes, there is some low hanging fruit that solar/wind generation can address, and we should do that, but we need electricity at night, and when the wind isn't blowing, and when the seasonal position of the sun isn't advantageous. Battery storage technology is not anywhere close to the scale that would be needed. As transportation is shifting away from fossil fuels, and world population expands, demand for electricity will only increase. Fusion energy may be something that becomes practical in another hundred years time, but it's not close. Yes, nuclear waste is dangerous and needs careful, well planned management. OK. Are we serious about addressing carbon emissions, or not? If we are, it's something we have to figure out. It's not beyond our capability, and any risks need to be considered in light of the alternative of continuing to dump carbon into the atmosphere. I didn't even know it was sick. Yes Apple is walking on familiar ground here. They abandoned M68K, then PPC, now Intel. They know they can do it, as they have done it before, and their customers will follow along, as they have done before. Just looking at it reminds me of the original "keyboard computers" like the TRS-80, the C64/VIC-20. Just kind of gave me a sense of nostalgia for a second. I remember the home computer price wars of 1983. The TI-99/4a that I had paid hundreds of dollars for in 1982 was selling for $59 by late 1983. Seeing a lot of them this spring here in the midwest US as well. But Target is likely not going out of business. Even if they have to sell stuff at a loss. And even if they did, their inventory would be auctioned off and resold, it would not just be chucked in a landfill. However if your money is going to be worth less soon, you might be inclined to avoid all non-essential purchases so you have more money left for stuff you need (food, rent, gas). > SSNDOB listed the personal information for approximately 24 million individuals in the United States, including names, dates of birth, SSNs, and credit card numbers Great, good to shut it down, but how long until its replacement springs up? It probably already has. Instead of going through all this effort and expense to track the sellers of this information, it would be better to make "names, dates of birth, SSNs, and credit card numbers" valueless on their own. I'm not sure what the alternative looks like, but posession of this kind of personal information about someone should not be useful or valuable. Is it different in West Germany? I had the feeling the casual nudism was more just German culture and not really different between East and West. Subject categories such as "math" are also very broad. I struggled with math in elementary school, because it was mostly about memorization. 3 + 5 = 8. 6 x 7 = 42. Learning and being able to spit out those facts as quickly and flawlessly as possible was most of what I remember about math as a young kid. I was never good at that. I still am not good at that. I got Cs and sometimes lower grades in math. Somehow, though, I passed a test in 7th grade to qualify to take algebra in 8th grade. Suddenly stuff started making sense, and I could see a point to it. You could actually solve an interesting problem. It wasn't just regurgitation of facts. It became more about thinking and connecting concepts and even being creative. I started getting As in math, and continue to do well in High School with geometry, trig, and calculus, but up until algebra was introduced I would certainly not have demonstrated a gifted ability in "math". Wedge politics. As old as time. Find an emotional issue to carve out a group of people. Then craft a statement that appeals to that group. It makes your campaign feel more personal to them. When you get elected, fail to implement anything you promised, and blame it on the other party. Probably both ways. Some kids backslide with academics at that age, others seem to gain traction. I didn't mention it but have considered that part of the reason that things became easier for me in the 8th grade is that I was starting to get the mental maturity to think more abstractly and deliberately. I think there is a good amount of overlap. Operating the reactor is of course specialized. But once you have the steam, the rest of the power plant is conventional. Steam turbines, generators, and all the grid tie-in would be mostly the same as a coal plant. "Real People" users yes, now that most "systems" are containers or VMs, the number of users that are real people might be one or even often zero. But most linux services run under their own user identities, so even in that case you will likely have several if not dozens of users on a typical server, the idea being that if the "nginx" user is compromised, the "postgres" user is still safe. Also why it was a bad idea to have services running as "root" (or "system") as was more common a decade or two ago. I also use notmuch and emacs. I have always preferred text email clients. The first one I used was elm, then pine, then I was using gnus for a while but treating mail as news wasn't quite right. Switched to mutt, then back to emacs w/notmuch (using w3m to render HTML emails) and that has been the best for me for a number of years. I don't read email from my phone. I am on android, and I have a gmail account for that, but I don't ever read it or use it for anything else. I don't get it :( I wondered about that. I know a few people with GT systems and it has never been an issue, perhaps because we have real summer and winter here, so the heat dumped underground in the summer would be offset by the heat extracted in the winter? All big methodologies and big application platforms (e.g. J2/Jakarta EE,.NET) are attempts to make average developers predictably productive and to ensure long-term consistency in and across large projects. These things are more important to "enterprise" than raw productivity/development speed. Highly talented developers don't need this structure and process, but if given the freedom, they are also more likely to create software that only they understand, using flavor-of-the-month languages or frameworks that they have personally selected. When their work is done and they move on, nobody else can figure out what they have done or why. As long as you don't park in a tow zone. Chicago is/was notorious for predatory towing, and it will cost you hundreds of dollars and hours of your time to get your car back. > If you’re hiring a grad student Be careful with this one. If the student is here on a visa, they are not allowed to have outside employment. Many do have "under the table" income of course, because graduate stipends are poverty-level at most schools, but it could get them in trouble. It's also not unheard of in the US to use it mean "drunk." At least, I would understand it in context. I think the thesis was, that SMBs could benefit from contract management in the long term, but (and not initially understood) it was not an urgent problem in the short term. To get buy-in for a long term initiative, they'd need consultative sales at the executive/owner level of the businesss, but that would mean competing with established "enterprise" companies, who already are not selling to SMBs because software sold that way is too expensive for the SMB market. Why is it fair to entertain speculation about underreported deaths and all kinds of long-tail effects of COVID the disease, but not fair to do the same speculation about the vaccines? It's funny. Many years ago I did work at a McDonald's, but the manager of that store refused to allow those types of posters on the walls. He said it looked bad, he wanted clean white tile and stainless steel to be what the customers saw, not a bunch of laminated posters. He always argued with the regional manager about it during store inspections. But since this McDonald's made a lot of money, and everyone was actually preparing the food correctly, the store manager generally got his way. Tesla succeeded in showing the world that an electic car can be something more than a glorified golf cart. That is frankly a huge achievement, compared to what came before. EVs are now the centerpiece of every manufacturer's plans for the coming decades, and that is because of Tesla. Whether they succeed as a brand is not really important anymore. Put an IR filter in the car window glass? Before office work was the norm, what was this "second place?" Churches, probably? Taverns? I think it is. GM had their EV1 experiment, but they weren't serious about it and destroyed all the cars after the experiment was over. Tesla was the first serious effort at an EV that wasn't a shed-built project car, that had something approaching usable range, and looked like a normal car not a cartoon. I don't think any other major auto manufacturer had EVs on the radar in a serious way before Tesla. I'll add that I think the self-driving, glass panel display, and all of that was unnecessary. They would have had as much success with normal manual controls and simple conventional cruise control with maybe lane assist and auto-braking like other luxury cars had. But that's mostly based on what I like in a car, I could be wrong from the perspective of the market. I didn't assume it was about working out but I don't even get the barbell analogy. Working with a barbell is something that demands effort and control, and slowly, steadily working up in weight and/or repetition depending on your goals. It's is not at all "lay on the couch all week and then lift 500lb on Sunday" It's good advice for a novice (it's the Starting Strength program) because it's easy to remember and stick with. It's true it will only take you so far, and you will eventually need a more nuanced program depending on your goals. > no ads, no paywalls, no sponsored content – just like Wikipedia. So nagging popups for donations, then? I think they have always lied. Perhaps in the past the press and the people were more credulous, that era came to an end with Nixon/Watergate and maybe now we have grown numb to it. Certainly there were lies galore during the Kennedy/Johnson Vietnam years. If you look at the IRS rules for deductibility on a home office, they are pretty strict. It needs to be a physically defined area that is used only for work. If you use the same area as living space, or use the same desk and computer for personal stuff, it's not deductible. If you work off of a laptop, sometimes sitting on the couch, sometimes at the kitchen table, it's not deductible. I don't know if California law is more relaxed, but if it is, then I would think that any expense reimbursements would be taxable income at the federal level. Yes. Most small towns don't even have bus service to the nearest hub airport, because economically it doesn't work. And there is no arrangement of costs that will work out to electric aircraft being cheaper to own and operate than a bus. How does the smoke alarm differentiate between "forgotten food burning on the stove" and "house is on fire" and if you aren't there to do something about it, what good does it do to notify you? Shouldn't it notify the fire department, if anything? For critical patients helicopters are already used. For patients who need to get to a hospital but are short-term in stable condition, is the extra expense of an air ambulance justified, in a health care system that is already unaffordable? These can possibly be addressed by catalytic converters in the exhaust (not sure how feasible that is in a turbine engine though). In any event, it's a small fraction of total greenhouse emissions, dwarfed by CO2. Let's not let perfect be the enemy of good. 30 engines = 30x the chance that at least one will fail. Maybe one is tolerable. How many can it lose and still fly? Yes, Maps is the best I've used. I had Apple maps on the other day. I knew the area and knew I was close to the destination. A left turn and about 100 yards down the road. Apple wanted to take me nearly a mile north and then loop back. It does that kind of stuff all the time. I haven't compared Google Maps to a dedicated device like a Garmin. I wonder how that would do. Is someone actually going to call the police if I'm eating a sandwich at my desk? And are they going to respond? It was the same for me in the US in the 1970s. I rode the bus to school from first grade. Yes my parents were home in the morning and helped me get ready but I walked to the bus stop in the morning and back home in the afternoon. This notion that parents have to hover over kids and make sure they "get on the bus" is quite recent. Not universally true in the US. Perhaps in some of the more uptight suburbs. Not at all true in the more rural area where I live. Prospective jurors who are "too smart" (highly educated/credentialed) are often dismissed as well. Yeah, maybe I should have said "sometimes" rather than "often." The gist of what I remember about it is that sometimes a "smart" juror can end up trying to outhink the lawyers, rather than just evaluating the evidence presented and whether or not it meets the "beyond a reasonable doubt" standard. Yeah I can't see why being a street cop needs a college education. Note I'm not saying there should not be some aptitude and psychological screening. But I think plenty of people who didn't go to college could be good cops. It's pretty obvious. Look at the history of big union pensions in the USA, e.g. the Teamsters. Yes, when one mega-organization owns most or all of the health care providers in an area (which is very often the case) it's a monopoly and there is no market competition. Where I live for example, from a cost perspective I can't really shop around because there are no individual practices anymore. They (and the clincs and the hospitals) are all owned by the same vast medical congolmerate. It's completely anticompetitive, yet the FTC has not shown any concern AFAIK. Hm, didn't know about that. I wonder if that is why my mom never bought canned vegetables when I was a kid. She always bought frozen if she couldn't get fresh. If you just want the protein you can buy unsweetened protein powder and mix it with water. If that's too bland you can add a little juice, still way less calories than the typical bottled protein drink. IDK. Camping can be very cheap. I went on camping trips all the time as a teenager and I had almost no money. Unless by "camping" you are talking about towing a small mobile home into a paved "campground" with electricity, water, showers and bathrooms. Yep, that sounds like a rate for a paved site with electrical, water, and sewer hookups. State park "primitive" campsite here is $15 max. That's still in the official campground area. If you hike into a state or national forest, it's free. The color of the yolk depends on what the chickens eat; it doesn't really indicate anything about the nutritional content of the eggs. Supermarket "organic" eggs that have a dark yellow yolk might just mean that their chickens' diet included pigments that caused that. A true free-range chicken that had a more wild diet including insects and seeds other than wheat or corn will also tend to have eggs with a darker yolk. Just don't betray their friendship, as they will not forget it. The convenience store/gas station business model is unworkable as an EV charging station. A convenience store with two or four pumps can still service many dozens of cars per hour, because a fill-up only takes a few minutes. The same space could only charge a handful of EVs in that time, because it takes 15-30 minutes per car. That's less customers per hour who might also potentially come in and buy something. These places will not be able to afford to exist. EV charging makes more sense as a value-added service for a restaurant, or supermarket, because most customers will be there for 30 minutes anyway. The challege will be that nobody wants to spend an extra 20-30 minutes hanging around someplace doing something that they weren't needing or planning to do anyway. For example I'm not going to want to start hanging out at an EV coffee shop when I don't go to coffee shops now. Yep, was going to say the same. Leg work in particular is good for your testosterone levels. Yes, this is how I feel. I have no problem learning a new skill. I get discouraged when I learn a new skill and just when I start to get really comfortable and productive with it, it's suddenly "legacy" and some new thing is popular. The only skills that have really stood the test of time for me are C, PHP, unix shell stuff, and SQL. Almost any home built in 1956 is going to be under-provisioned with respect to utilities and insulation by today's standards. I doubt this is specific to San Francisco. Yes, so many people seem to think that billionaires are some living version of Scrooge McDuck, and their wealth is vaults full of gold coins under their houses, and they swim around in the coins before breakfast every morning. I had it in my facial hair a few years ago. Two bare patches. My barber said it was likely stress-related (though I didn't feel stressed out at all). Then a year or two later it went away for no apparent reason. Nothing had really changed in my life that I could think would affect my stress levels. In other words, both its appearance and disappearance are a complete mystery. I also have almost no hair on my legs below my mid-calf, and I did when I was younger. Yes it is very rare. In most cases it is probably due to general economic decline of the area, but every once in a while they were just wrong about the potential of the location. Perhaps they are getting tax abatements by bamboozling the local county officials into thinking that there is going to be some huge local economic benefit from their land purchase. Yeah but parking above ground is probably cheaper than building out apartments. I've lived in buildings where the first 6 or 8 floors were parking. And a parking space rented for several hundred a month, on top of your apartment rent. A family history of lung cancer could simply mean a family history of smoking, which was much more common a few generations ago than it is today. Yeah I don't like travel either. Not because I can't afford it, I just find it more tiring than anything and don't really get a lot of pleasure or relaxation just being somewhere different. I'd rather be sitting on my back porch given the choice. With electronics specifically, it's often just more convenient to toss the old device in a drawer. You're not supposed to put them in the trash, and e-waste disposal often incurs a fee. This is why refrigerators end up dumped on the side of a road in a ravine, because municipalities make it harder to dispose of them responsibly than to just dump them. This is what I do with tools. If it's obviously something I will use again and again, I'll pay for quality. If it's something I might need just once, but not certain, I'll buy a cheap one to get the immediate job done. If I need it again and it breaks, I've now needed it twice so I'll replace it with a good one. (If it doesn't break, it's a better value than I thought). The healthcare sector is still quite profitable despite the debt, slow payments, and defaults. What is their motivation to change? So did she/the two of you pay it eventually? If not, were there any collection efforts/judgments/garnishments or anything like that? Simply walking away from medical debt if there is only a minor impact on credit score seems like a decent option if not. Yes, if you are living in a tent and are addicted to opiates, I doubt that "medical debt" would be anything that even registers on your radar. You'll get emergency medical care as needed at the nearest public ER, and since you don't have an address they probably won't even bother to try to send you a bill. Yep the entire end-of-life industry is incentivized to drain all the wealth from the old and terminally ill before they die. That is why my plan is to opt out. DNR, living will, I will not enter a care facility or hospital I'd rather die on my own terms and have my children inherit whatever I have managed to accumulate. It's not like you can get whatever, whenever medical care in Europe. Whether private or public, the entity that's paying the bills will be making decisions on what procedures are or are not "necessary" and how much they will pay. My uncle in Denmark had cancer, and they basically put him in a hospice-type facility to die, because anything else would have not been justified due to his age, the cost, and the low probability of success. In the USA, he or his family would likely have demanded aggressive surgery and/or chemo or radiation, he would have died anyway, and there would have been hundreds of thousands of dollars of "medical debt" created. I suspect many people who like the idea of socialized medicine are not prepared for the reality of the limits on care that would bring, particularly for the old and terminally ill. Well, I'm saying that he had no options. He went to a (very nice) facility to die. They kept him comfortable and relatively pain-free. Any other option he had, should he have wished to pursue it, would have been outside of the Danish social medical system. That may be "better" than what would have happened in the USA under Medicare/Medicaid, but my point was there really wasn't a choice in the matter for him. He didn't have to pay for it, other than the taxes he paid his whole life, so I guess there's that. Almost all utility water is delivered in PVC piping. There is not really any avoiding it. So I don't really worry about the Nalgene bottle I use to drink water from. Most bottled water is just filtered municipal tap water. And there are fewer regulations over bottled water quality than there are municipal water. It's possible we may look back with some regrets, but I seriously doubt that plastics will be thought to cause anything close to the same or greater harm caused by lead. We'd know it by now if that were true. > the implications are of an extinction level crisis impacting not only humanity, but all high order life on earth. You're right about the politics, but life is far more resilient than you're giving it credit for. It's not the microwaves, it's the tendency for people to use microwaves to heat food in plastic containers. Which is probably a bad thing to do, if you're concerned about the potential for chemicals leaching out of the plastic, and are going to consume the food you just heated. I do the same thing. I max my retirement savings, and HSA contributions, have some cash savings for emergencies, and live on what's left. The original air cooled Beetle was super simple to work on. Once you had done it a few times, you could pull the engine, rebuild it, and reinstall it in an afternoon (assuming you had parts already on hand). Shows that a true minimum wage is not something the government can mandate. There is a natural minimum wage that the market determines. It depends on (at least) the nature of the work and the supply of potential employees. For warehouse work, it's apparently over 2x what the government says it should be. This is not unusual at all. My first job as a developer was with a big consulting firm. Undergraduate seniors were hired en masse every year as entry-level staff consultants. The expectation (not stated, but not hard to figure out) was that many would leave within a few years. Some would remain and get promoted, even fewer would stick around long enough to be considered for partnership. The work hours were long (50 hour weeks normal, more was not unusual) but the pay was good and it was good experience to cite when applying for other jobs. Amazon warehouse work is not a career. It's a job, that has minimal if any prerequisite skills other than being strong enough to move boxes around. It's not the sort of thing someone does for a lifetime. At the time, FNG didn't exist, and Apple was gasping for life. It was one of the top paying options for a new graduate with no experience. > Abuse is OK because some people eventually figure out how to get away from it? I take issue with calling it abuse, but yes -- it's a learning experience and a life lesson. I did it, I was disillusioned with school, quit and worked in manual labor, delivery, and restaurant jobs when I was young. Decided I didn't want to do that for life, so I went back to school and learned to program computers. Then I worked as a consultant, decided that was too many hours and too much time away from home, so I found another job that was better on those metrics. Decided I didn't like living in a huge metro area, so found another job in a small town. Life isn't handed to you, and if it is, you don't appreciate what you have. Yeah "time crystal" will always make me think of Doctor Who. Not sure if they were ever actually mentioned in any story lines, but it sounds like something their writers would come up with. Twitter is a public space, because being a public forum for speech is the essence of what Twitter does. It's privately owned, but like a privately owned mall, it is "open to the public" and therefore at least some free speech protections apply. “the more an owner, for his advantage, opens up his property for use by the public in general, the more do his rights become circumscribed by the statutory and constitutional rights of those who use it.” (Marsh v. Alabama, 326 U.S. 501, 506 (1946). The Supreme Court has since backtracked on the Marsh opinion somewhat, but some states such as California have ruled that reasonable exercise of speech and of petition rights on privately owned shopping malls are protected activities. With Google's track record for discontinuing products, would you commit to moving your school or business to this OS? Yes, schools and businesses often replace technology on a schedule, but standardizing on an OS is a longer-term decision than desktop replacement. We have a vaulted ceiling and there is still an air gap under the roof. The ceiling "vault" is separately framed; there is still a foot or two of air space between the top of the vault and the roof deck. I think people understood. It's just that tar/asphalt is cheap and makes a very good roofing material. I live in a neighborhood where houses are numbered by block, starting at "100" at the city center (many/most US address schemes work this way) Due to being nearly the same distance east and north from the center point, there is a house around the corner that has the same address number as mine, theirs is "East" and mine is "North" and the street name is different. I don't know if we both have the same 10-digit zip code, but we do still get each other's mail at least a few times a month. 1. Identify a smart, motivated person in your company who is interested in the position. 2. Train said person to do the job. This is the sort of situation where I would be tempted to send a photo of my genitalia, with the written code. There are a few videos on YouTube where Serling talks with groups of aspiring writers. He is quite passionate about writing and storytelling. He also smokes incessantly, which lead to his untimely death at the age of 50. That's been the objective of programming languages for 50 years. It hasn't happened yet, because the essential complexity of programming problems isn't in writing the code. Or maybe it's just one of the ways people die? I'm not convinced that everything has a cause that can be prevented. "Squirrel" is such a common excuse by power utilities that I think it means "we don't really know but seems as likely as anything" It can seem unfriendly but what it really is, is not very tolerant of people who have made no effort to solve their problems, or even provide relevant information. It's getting better, but they still have an older SMP model based on a giant lock https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giant_lock#BSD The other thing is that OpenBSD devs (well, leadership at least, from what I can tell) don't care who thinks they are "irrelevant." Popularity, number of users, etc. is not a goal. They develop the OS for themselves, and if others find it useful, they are welcome to use it. I'm not entirely convinced that "early detection" results in anything but more worry, more time in doctors' offices and clinics, more time taking very unpleasant medicine, more time undergoing surgery, and absolutely devastating financial consequences. Can confirm. Two of my kids use THC pretty regularly and they seem content with a life that is paying the bills but not really leading anywhere. The third does not (AFAIK) and is on a much higher trajectory. All had pretty much the same upbringing, rules, experiences, and discipline. I've never used it, so don't have personal experience. I used to use instapaper quite a bit, but when I figured out that I almost never went back and read any of my saved links, I stopped. If I'm not interested enough to read the link now, I almost certainly am not going to read it later. Sort of the same reason I don't take photos anymore. I never go back and look at them, so it's just a waste of time and a distraction from being really present in the moment. Yeah, today they're just overpriced. The years under AMF ownership were bad quality-wise. If they are doing it for free, the value of the labor is zero by definition. Correct me if I'm wrong but I think 80% of it boils down to "do not release refrigerant gas into the atmosphere" "I realized a lot of people were just circumstantial friends." It's not a lot, it's nearly all. Friendships with people you see often develop without a lot of effort; it's very difficult to maintain a friendship with someone you don't have physical interactions with. In my own life, it has never happened. Absolutely zero friendships from childhood, school, college, past jobs, etc. lasted after the physical proximity ended. Why would you need 4 rails? | | | | | | Left wheel uses left rail. If narrow gauuge, the right wheel uses the innner rail. If wide gauge, the right wheel uses the outer rail. Yep, this is why I only recycle aluminum, steel, and glass. Not even sure the glass is worth it. Everything else goes in the trash (saves the recycling facility the bother of doing that instead). I've never heard of this. What is the market? Who wants a cloned dog? Because there isn't that much else to do as a teen. The opportunity cost of spending time on gaming is low. You could get a job and start saving or investing, or study harder and advance your education more quickly, but it's not the expectation that teens will do this in a significant way. An adult who is free to do anything and chooses to spend a lot of time gaming has a higher opportunity cost and a higher likelyhood of regret later. It seems silly to me to regret the past, as it cannot be changed. It can be used to inform decisions you make today or in the future, but regretting it is pointless. This is one movie that has put me to sleep every time I tried to watch it. I have never seen it beginning to end. True, I didn't think about how close these gauges were, and was assuming adequate space for the inner and outer rail. Mailinator addresses, and other "disposable" email service addresses, are often rejected by sites that ask for an email address to create an account. There's sort of a race condition between how quickly new "anonymous" email services appear and how quickly they are banned by other sites. I have tried several times over the past few years to install Kubernetes on bare metal, and it has never worked. I don't mean installing it on VMs on a laptop, I mean on a real linux cluster of 8 to 32 nodes, with real networks and real switches. Managing bare metal machines is a cakewalk compared to getting Kubernetes running in-house, at least in my experience. Obviously the cloud providers do it, so it's possible. But IMO it is something you do only if you have a full-time admin team available to set it up and manage it. It's not by any stretch of the imagination something you install and forget about. This is the price for free github. All your codes are belong to us. Painters and roofers too. All that I know are borderline or actual alcoholics. I don't know how the roofers manage to be drunk on a roof and not fall off, but they do. Back when professional communication consisted of memos and letters on paper, it was reasonable to expect a recipient to read most or all of them (even then, departmental/company-wide memos sometimes fell through the cracks) because it was much harder to physically produce and send an overwhelming volume to any one person and there was a real financial cost to doing it. Email is fundamentally broken in the volume of messaging it allows at no costs. All inbox schemes, filters, auto-categories, etc. are just band-aids on the fundamental problem. Charge the sender something close to a first-class postage stamp for each email sent, and you'll see email get productively useful. Roller ball mouse? I guess there isn't much room for a trackpad but those roller balls accumulate dirt and get janky pretty quickly. A trackpoint such as on ThinkPad keyboards would be better. Yes, the idea is that if solar energy is "free" (it's not, but set that aside for sake of argument) then it doesn't matter how inefficient the process is. The downside of this process seems to be that it doesn't extract atmospheric CO2 to make methanol, it converts CO2 from concentrated industrial waste streams. It's perhaps "better than nothing" but the methanol will probably end up as CO2 again later (if it's used as fuel, for example) so it really isn't as great as it might sound. Walmart cashiers by and large are not sophisticated either. I mean that sounds harsh but these are not people walking in with a lot of financial savvy. Without training and reminders I would not think they would be any more likely to identify these scams than the victims are. Not just this, but common red flags that indicate a scam. There are many variations but they all follow the same broad plot lines. Any unexpected request for money should be verified. The more urgent it sounds, the more likely it is fake. If you are traveling, give your kids/parents a code word that you will use in case of an emergency. No legitimate collection agency, business, bail bond company, or government office is going to demand payment in the form of gift cards. Probably an attempt to keep homeless people from sleeping on the pathway and getting run over by the night cyclists. Yes I love this era of technology. Just look at the photo of the control room. It feels like it's really scaled to be usable by humans. The large dials, levers and switches, all styled artistically as well as functionally. The natural light, marble walls, all the detail in the ceiling, floor, and woodwork. It looks like a very comfortable room to be in. Compare to the more modern sterile industrial control rooms, windowless, cold, everything run on screens and keyboards, no sense of a connection with the massive machinery being operated. I think it's less a technological problem and more just that everyone who used to care about that site or its content no longer does. Or the company behind it has gone out of business -- who is going to maintain a website for a defunct organization, and why would anyone want to? There's no obligation for a person to maintain anything longer than he wants to do it. Putting a blog online is not a lifetime committment. Interests change, or you simply realize nobody much cares about your online musings, and you move on to other interests. Keep it as simple as possible. Static HTML that can be dropped on any web server. HTML/HTTP may some day be obsolete, but will likely be around longer than anything built on complicated javascript frameworks or tightly tied to current web browser technologies. I'm not sure how representative it is, but there are still people making bolts with very labor-intensive, 19th century technology. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxZYPG1ADPg There are endless similar videos of people making simple machined, cast, or forged parts by hand like this, in horribly unsafe conditions, at least by today's workplace standards. The FM receiver is (or is claimed to be) better for battery life than using data to listen to local radio. Maybe, but probably more difficult than bribing human umpires. Yes a propane/isobutane blend works well, it's basically a drop-in replacement for R-12 in air conditioners. Straight propane replaces R-22 in freezers. The only drawbacks are that it's flammable, and that for the blend, if there is a a slow leak, the blend ratios change due to different partial pressures of the two gasses. So to recharge, you basically have to vacuum the system and refill with the proper blend. Ammonia also works for industrial applications (the local ice rink uses it) but due to its toxicity it's not ideal for household applications. It's unclear whether "which" in that sentence is referring to Groningen or the Netherlands. When you look at the work conditions that lead to the rise of the big unions, it's laughable to think that a job that involves sitting at a desk in an air-conditioned office for 40 hours a week is in any way comparable. Most tech employees realize that they've got a pretty good thing going, they earn well above average incomes, typically have top-notch benefits, can find new employment easily if needed, and are not going to perceive a union bringing anything desireable to the table. "Only one mistake needed to kill you" applies to other things we do every day such as crossing the street or driving a car. I don't understand why the warning videos were banned, and don't know what potentially dangerous practices that the "fractal woood burning" videos show, or what safety practices they omit, but working with electricity at mains voltages or higher obviously requires due care and attention. If I let my body clock do what it wants, I sleep from about 3am - 11am. This has been my tendency since high school age. I'm 56 now. My memory of the 22 years I had kids living in the house is slightly fogged by me always being tired from having to get up early to be sure they got to school and me to work. With the pandemic and WFH I shifted much closer to my natural schedule. We're officially back in the office now, but nobody is really taking attendance so I get up at around 11, do some email while I eat breakfast, then head in to the office until about 6pm. I'm still getting as much or more done as I ever did, because I was too tired to be effective when I was coming in at 8:00 and basically just stared at the screen for two or three hours until I really woke up. It's not so much them getting to school on their own, yes they can easily do that. It's making sure they are actually awake. When my kids were teens, if someone was not there to make sure they got up, they would sleep until 10 or 11. Alarms, etc. had basically no effect they could sleep through a tornado. Football (and its school attendance and passing grade requirements) might be the thing keeping a kid in school and getting an education. You are also paid "fair market value" in emminent domain takings, they don't just seize your property. IDK what Nissan Motors offered Mr. Nissan for the domain but I'm guessing it must have been a case of "it's not for sale" because they probably would have paid nearly anything he asked if he'd been willing to name a price. I have the idea (maybe wrongly) that people don't often use the USPS for scams because committing fraud by mail is a federal crime, and the postal service actually has inspectors with police powers who don't fool around once they get on the scent. Unfortunately I'd bet that the paper production and delivery to your mailbox emits much more carbon than the paper itself sequesters. Yes. The bus my kids would have to take to High School served both middle and high school. They would have been on the bus for about 40 minutes and arrived at school 30 minutes before the first period started. School was about 15 minutes away by car. If I drove them (or when they were old enough to drive on their own), they could sleep nearly an hour later than if they had to take the bus. Since it wasn't much of a detour on my way to work, that's what I did. Considering most are booked 12-18 months out, if they are even accepting new patients, probably not a lot. Haven't read the book -- I assume WWI had a lot to do with it? Any references for that? What about just drinking a lot of water so you have to pee more often? At some level, maybe not. But the majority of government employees and contractors with secret clearance do use commodity smartphones in their private lives. They might not be able to enter the workplace with them. It's also not clear how well this is enforced. Don't forget Hillary Clinton was running her own email server as Secretary of State. > Actually fast food restaurant margins on the “entree” items are extremely low. Yes, the largest margin is in the drinks. Mostly municipal water. The fries are in the middle. Potatoes are cheap; there's some prepraration that goes into the final product but it's still just one ingredient and pretty minimal labor in cooking and serving. The sandwiches have the lowest margin. Multiple ingredients from different vendors, and the most labor to cook and assemble. You're really not wrong. There are so many ways a novice can screw up writing public-facing software. Even so-called experienced professional software "engineers" and billion-dollar tech companies do it regularly. I refuse to use them. If there is not a human working to take orders, I leave. The top 10 sellers should be available with one click/tap. Would they need to license that from Amazon? Then do it. THey can afford it. Big Mac, fries, and Coke should take me no longer to order on the screen than to say it verbally. Waiting 45 minutes for food at a "fast food" restaurant? You're doing something very, very wrong. Why on earth would you do this rather than expensing the missing beer and trying to figure out why it happened? I.e. who is walking out the back door with it? Yeah. In restaurants it's also to increase table turnover. > These managers see the larger trends, rising energy costs, maintenance costs rising, hiring difficult, and retention of existing engineers impossible. But how will the cloud providers avoid these trends? They won't. They will have to do the same thing as anyone else: pay more. And therefore charge more. There are economies of scale, but those savings are logarithmic and a company like FedEx is already pretty far out on the X axis. Meet the new boss, same as the old boss. Lots of places have their own HVAC techs in house, if they have enough HVAC work to justify it. Even if it's not their core line of business. They will do whatever costs less, +/- some amount of subjective "hassle factor." From that link: "BoringSSL, LibreSSL and the OpenSSL 1.1.1 branch are not affected. Furthermore, only x64 systems with AVX512 support are affected." I don't use a VPN, except ssh to connect to work. That's already happening with insurance. Some insurers are offering "safe driving discounts" if you install their app, which tracks your speed. If you exceed a speed limit, you lose the discount for that month. It's your problem to remember to disable it if someone else is driving. Any river or inland water in a large city will have these issues. Yes, zip code/geo-location plus a few other points of personal data are often enough to identify an individual. Then tie that to a browser fingerprint and you can tie together all their "anonymous" screen names. You don't need a course. Save money from each paycheck. If you're just starting, put this into an emergency fund (savings account) until you have 6 month's take-home pay saved. Then start savings in equities. You should diversify this, i.e. in low-fee index funds. Do this in an IRA or other tax-advantaged plan your employer might offer. Don't watch this too closely or try to time the market. Just invest with every paycheck. Understand the time value of money. Don't go into long term debt for short term needs or consumables. Live below your means so you can save more and maximize compounding gains in savings/investments. Do these things and you are well ahead of most people. If you want to get more sophisticated at that point, look for courses or professional advice, but remember pros rarely beat the market. And how do you count things that didn't happen? Also set your shell config so they don't save history persistently. Anything that you use history for should be set as an alias or shell function or script. Should be fairly easy to tell, if more parents start balking at the "normal" vaccines their young children should be getting. Pre-COVID, the hardcore antivax group was tiny, so any growth should be easy to spot. IMO it's the advice about THIS vaccine, not the other long-established vaccines that are normally given in childhood. People are nervous about new vaccines initially. There's some history to justify it, for those who remember the Swine Flu in the 1970s. They want to wait and see if they are safe. That doesn't mean they are opposed to all vaccines, or even that they are being completely rational on the basis of statistics. This is normal human fear of new things. Junk mail is wasteful and a PITA but it isn't quite as intrusive as a phone call. You pick up your mail when it's convenient, and it's easy to identify junk mail and discard it without it really interruping your day or having it change its message when it sees you heading for the trash bin. Very pithy. Is that yours or are you quoting someone? Gell-Mann Amnesia effect. https://www.epsilontheory.com/gell-mann-amnesia/ Once you start accepting payment for something, more responsibilities are implied. Warren Buffett reputedly lives frugally and clips coupons. Looks lie a gruesome way to die, hopefully it was quick. Why do you think there was no guard? It's not entirely clear in the picture, but it looks to me like there is a frame extending down from the back of the trailer to about mid-door level on the car. Google markets YouTube as a platform for everyone. Anyone can open an account. There is no membership fee, or political party affiliation required. Their advertising rates and revenue depend on having the largest possible audience. They present themselves as a "public square" and thus should be obligated to allow free speech as one has at a public square. Yep I remember the "Moonie" cult in the news from the 1970s. They seemed to fade out after a while, like most fads do. I had no idea they were still operating. All within the scope and timeline of the Apollo program. OP means we haven't been back since then. I never check "remember me" so maybe that's good for me? I disabled voice assistant and trigger word on my android. I hate talking to machines. Even incuding Chernobyl, Fukushima, and other nuclear disasters, pollution from coal has taken far more life-years from humans than nuclear energy. Our record with nuclear is not perfect. The technology is not forgiving of mistakes. But we learn from every failure and adapt. It's like passenger air transport in that way. You don't say what your diet was, but "lots of raw vegetables" is not a formula for a sated appetite. Sure, if you eat enough of them you will eventually feel "full" for a while in a bloated sort of way, but fatty foods such as meat, eggs, and nuts will stop the "hungry" feeling without stuffing yourself. Or so it is for me. Volunteers abandon projects when the dam breaks. They work, and adapt, and take on more and more, and then one day one small new thing (that an outsider would see as totally reasonable) breaks the dam, all their motivation is washed away, and they quit. I've seen this happen much more often than I've seen volunteers gracefully leave a project with a smooth transition to a replacement person or persons. If you are using volunteer-maintained software in a "critical" part of your business, you should be prepared for this. I try to design systems on an accounting principle. Every persistent state change is basically a journal entry, and you can always create a new entry to correct a prior entry. > Wegman's has introduced a self-scan app that you can use to tally up your total as you shop, and just scan a code at the self-checkout register with your phone on the way out to pay. Kroger did that here a few years ago. They pushed it hard. Got very little uptake. It's still an option, but they aren't shoving it in your face when you walk in. There are just a handful of scanners on a rack by the entrance, and I've never seen anyone using them. Or it's a good lesson on knowing when you're using the wrong tool for the job. I had a TI-99/4a and had a Fourth implementation for it. I didn't have any manuals or guides for a beginner however. Whatever instructions it came with were like reading a foreign language. At that age I needed a progression of simple examples starting with "Hello, world" and of course there was no internet to easily find stuff like that. I will have to remember that next year. I just (hopefully) eliminated a nest along my front walkway. I usually get stung at least once every fall (that seems to be when they are most agressive) usually in the leg or foot and I'll swell up to to the point I can't wear a shoe for a few days. I'm not sure wasps do much for most of those. There is the "Cicada Killer" though... https://extension.entm.purdue.edu/publications/E-254/E-254.h... Other wasps will catch spiders and use them as food for their young. My guess is that it reduces sales. If you can see a total dollar amount accumulating as you shop, you're more likely to stick to your budget, maybe select cheaper items or avoid impulse buys. If you don't know the total until you get to the checkout lane, you are more likely to just pay it rather than start setting some items out. People's immune systems are not all the same. Some people hardly ever get sick. Some people seem to hardly ever be well. And everything in between. Yes antisemitism was widespread in Europe at the time, not only in Germany. Yeah I have two subscriptions: Netflix, and YouTube Premium. I have purchased a handful of other apps on my phone but all were one-time payments. That's still more work than dropping them in the trash bin at home, or on the street. And at least here in the US where I live, while many areas have residential recycling pick-up, you can't put electronics in with that. You don't have to get on a soapbox and pontificate about the evil of Facebook. Just say "sorry, I'm not on Facebook." "Vaccine trial protocols do not typically monitor for major adverse events for more than 7 days" I am stunned by this. Seven days? Is there really no reason to think that a vaccine candidate might have adverse effects more than a week later? Yeah but then they are asking you to do something, rather than you asking them. Sort of. I just use a still photo of myself rather than live video. Nothing is really gained by the other party seing my lips move. I don't have to worry about whether I've shaved, or my hair is mussed up, or if I'm dressed in work attire, or if I'm looking at the screen. It's much easier to focus on the content of the call without all those distractions. I did the "walking 1:1 meetings" at a former job. Hated it. Useless for any topic where you might want to take or refer to notes, or other reference material, which IMO is basically a given for any meeting worth having. Bottle deposits were a thing in the 1970s when I was a kid. Those bottles were heavy glass, made to be returned, washed, and re-used many times. I'm not sure it was legislated however, I think it was just what the local bottlers did to get their bottles back. Sorry, a "your account has been locked, please reset your password" email to an .edu address from a gmail.com address is 100% always fraudulent, a 5th grader could tell you that, yet google lets it go through. But a large number of software businesses are not making any money at all. At a point, machine tools need three-phase power, which may not be available in a residential area. Little hobbiest machines don't, but heavy duty commercial grade machines often do. > usually take data protection seriously Do we need to list the number of government data breaches/leaks over the past 20 years? My own PII has been in several. They may take it seriously, but their actual track record isn't really that great. Another good time to go is early January, just after school starts up. It's not hot, and it's not crowded. So basically, segregation is OK when it's self-selected and not imposed? As mentioned in another subthread, rental contracts for pickup trucks often prohibit towing, and the trucks aren't even fitted with a tow hitch. If you want to tow with a rented truck, you'll need to rent from a "commercial" rental company and you'll be paying a lot more. A problem (unless something has changed, my context is Oracle from some time ago) is that NULL values are not indexed. So the "WHERE deleted_at IS NULL" could trigger a full table scan. It can also cause row migration when the NULL value is eventually filled in. Unless you explicitly need the deleted date, it's probably better to use a non-nullable Y/N for this. There was a spat between Domino's Pizza and Domino Sugar. For a while, Domino's Pizza had to use their full name, not just "Domino's", in advertising and even when they answered the phone. That seems to have changed, so maybe some new agreement was reached. Was that related in any way to the water level, or just cooincidental? The money that banks create by fractional reserve lending is (at least somewhat) backed by real assets. The money that governemnt 'prints' is backed by nothing. Yeah, same in Chicago, really the same as mass transit anywhere: You need density to make it work. My little town of under 100K population tries to do city bus services but it's a joke. Most routes run once or twice an hour which is not often enough to be convenient. Busses drive around empty or with one or two riders. It's a service that costs millions of dollars a year to operate and is used by a tiny minority of the people. It's a sacred cow though. Rich Aldermen. Maybe we should be honest and say that you can't "own" land? Government always has eminent domain, and power of seizure for unpaid taxes. You are effectively renting the land from the government. Why not just call it that. Give people a 99 year lease instead of a mortgage and property tax. If you do nothing with the land, your lease can be terminated. If you improve the land (build a house on it), you can depreciate that on your taxes as a leasehold improvement. Sounds quite nice to me. A good example of how private agreements such as easements can solve a lot of problems that people think require "government" solutions. It's Illinois. The state is a financial disaster. They are jacking property taxes because they don't know of any other way. Certainly spending less and rooting out the massive systemic corruption do not appear to be on the table. Subtract all women and children, and all men over about age 30 or unfit for some reason. That doesn't get you to 3%, but that's the maximum number who would be involved. I have a car which is capable of double the maximum speed limit on any road. Should I be fined for that potential, or should violations depend only my actual speed? Important to know if the "contractors" were employees of the agency, or subcontractors. Early in my career I worked for a consulting firm as an employee, and I never found out exactly what I was billed at but I'm guessing it was around double what I was paid. We worked on site at our client's office, and people there called us "contractors," but we were employees of the consuting firm. We had benefits, training, overtime pay, etc. and we got paid our salary between jobs when we were not on a client project. If I were an indepenedent contractor using an agency to find work, I'd expect them to take a much lower cut, as they have much lower overhead and risk. And: 3. Executives of the company are not going to go to jail to protect the identity of a user. If they get a properly executed subpoena, they will run it by the legal team but if there is no clear problem with it, they will act on it. Cyclists take note. They aren't called Beltway Bandits for nothing. And "managing expectations." If I heard that phrase once I heard it every day. I worked for Accenture's previous encarnation (Andersen Consulting) in the early 1990s. It was my first job, I was a staff consultant. I obviously was not privy to the higher levels of the project and I left after a year for a better opportunity, so I also don't know how the project ended up. But everything seemed well run (if heavyweight on staff) and we delivered well tested code that worked. If the front-end is a website, deploying it to thousands of locations is as difficult as deploying it to one. Early .NET was basically Java, wasn't it? Java devs should have picked it up pretty easily. That's business. Shifting sands to one degree or another. Sometimes markets change, sometimes strategy changes. If a project no longer makes sense, you drop it, sunk costs are sunk costs. Yes but these big systems consulting companies always over-promise. Once they win the project, they shift immediately to "managing expectations." Last year I could buy a whole chicken for roasting for about $10. Now they are $17 or so. 70% increase. Beef the same. Pork hasn't jumped as much for some reason. Ground turkey is about the most affordable meat I can find right now, but when you cook it you can see that it has a lot of water in it. Obese people have a calorie heavy diet, that if anything is probably carb-heavy, but it doesn't really matter what the source is. The OpenBSD project still uses CVS. Yeah I haven't bought anything on Amazon for a couple of years now. Got burned once too many times. I went back to buying mostly in local stores. If they don't have what I want, I go online to manufacturers' websites if possible, or to reputable sellers. I do not think this is a matter of different approaches to health care, at least nod directly. Many young Americans are just not taking care of themselves. Every day I see 20, 30, 40-somethings who are grossly obese. Just this one factor is going to lead to worse outcomes and higher mortality for COVID as well as most other diseases and accidents across the board. Maybe lawyers treat divorce like doctors treat dying. Just get it over with, no exceptional measures. Presuming that the AC condensor gets airflow from the car moving through the air, it is going to be more efficient if the car is moving faster. However after a point, the air resistance will be hurting range more than anything. The air tempertature at the evaporator is cold -- maybe 40 degrees or so? The relative humidity is about 100% (as evidenced by liquid water condensing on it). But the house itself never gets that cold, heat moves in from outside by radiation, the air temperature is higher, maybe 70-80 degrees, which results in a lower relative humidity. When I was in school, the professor of our operating systems class told us about a virtual memory project implementation that had the swapfile on tape. It worked, but it wasn't anything you'd actually ever use. > not need any security checks That's basically true for now, but if rail travel became much more popular I am sure that would change. New-terrain high speed rail lines would be a tremendous expense. An intermodal train car with double-stacked containers will replace 4 trucks. Even a traditional box car or grain hopper is much larger volume than a standard semi trailer. It's nonsense though. A couple of hard boiled eggs and an apple is a lot cheaper than a fast food lunch and healthier. Just expressing the business requirements in a way that can be implemented as software code, with all the edge cases and exceptions covered is the really difficult part. > the legislative branch cannot reasonably dictate laws about every single thing That's a feature, because there should not be laws about every single thing. If a law is ambiguous, a judge should decide how it applies. Not an bureaucrat in a governemnt agency. You find them in any sport. Weightlifting is another one that's easy to see. Go to any gym for a few weeks, you will pretty quickly identify a handful of people who seem to live there. Bit of a tangent but I've often wondered why refineries don't generate electricity from their unwanted gas instead of flaring it off. If your idea of coffee is Folger's or Maxwell House brewed in a drip machine, McDonald's serves decent coffee. > No more $2k cars that'll semi-reliably get you to work for the next five years They are out there, but definitely getting harder to find. They may need work to be reliable/drivable; if you can do the troubleshooting and work yourself you can still come out money ahead. I haven't paid over $10k for a car in 20 years. Last time I did, it was one that I bought new. I will never do that again. The key is to look for a 15-20 year old car that hasn't spent its life in the rust belt and has had good maintenance. Prepare for a transmission failure. I have owned two Hondas and both had total transmission failures at that mileage. Neither were as new as '12 though, maybe the clutch packs were improved by then. George Carlin's take on the middle class squeeze: The upper class does none of the work, and keeps all of the money. The middle class does all of the work and pays all of the taxes. The lower class is there to scare the shit out of the middle class. This is the answer. Humans want noon to be when the sun is overhead, and midnight to be the middle of the night. Almost nobody cares about sub-second accuracy or monotonic time. Track it that way internally if you like, but humans want time to correlate to what they see out the window. Might be before many people's memory here, but Swatch tried to create an "internet time" in the late 1990s. Nobody uses it because it doesn't solve any problems anybody has, it's just different. As long as you're not putting bleach and vinegar in the dispenser together, I'd think it should be OK. The dispenser will be rinsed pretty thoroughly during the cycle of the machine running a load of laundry. > as you're offsetting it with your revenue This is the problem. IDK about Shopify specificially, but a lot of these companies don't have revenue, or it's far from offsetting their expenses. That was OK as long as more venture funding was readily available; today that's not the case. My goal is to do nothing. I don't have trouble with procrastination. Yep. One of the reasons that old-style classified ads in newspapers worked is that you had to pay to post an ad. Did people run scams in newspaper classifieds? Yes, but by and large the ads were legit. Today, legitimate online marketplace ads are drowned by the scam ads. They are a complete disaster. Unusable. Pro tip, you will get better service in the Drive-Thru. The large majority of their sales come from there, and they prioritize filling drive thru orders to keep the line moving. Then get off the computer and go makes some friends. Is this based on Firefox's own telemetry? I disable that, but I'm not sure how many other users might also do that. Firefox is not a default browser on any platform, so people install it for a reason (perceived better privacy, security, etc), and might be more inclined to tweak the default settings. Yes the title has been editorialized. "Firefox user activity" would be better. Chicago Aldermen are no doubt getting a generous kickback on whatever they are paying. I'm not sure a complete ban is necessasry, but their investments should be moved to a blind trust while they are in office, and perhaps for some time afterwards. Yep. Aluminum wiring can be safe, but you need to coat all the connections with anti-oxidizing grease. And even at at that, I don't know how long it lasts. Copper pipe for water is often specified by code in commercial construction. I've heard this is due to lobbying by plumber's unions but not sure about that. Most residential construction will use CPVC or PEX these days. Yeah I know of CPVC piping that is at well over 20 years and still OK. It does get brittle with age though. > "whatabout" the urine bottles as if the heavily unionized UPS drivers don't also do this. Anecdotal I guess, but every time I see either an Amazon or UPS driver at my house they seem pretty relaxed. They pull into the drive, walk to the door with the package, and walk back to the truck. They don't seem rushed. Maybe they pee in a bottle in their truck but based on my observations that's probably just the easiest thing for them to do, at least for the males. When I delivered pizza in the late 1980s I ran back and forth from my car to the customer's door. 30 seconds saved could mean being ahead of the next driver getting back to the store, where it was FIFO. > everyone checks their email Citation needed. Absolutely not the case in my experience. And while I check my email, I delete 80% of it unread, based on the subject line/sender only. > she’d get a call from the pill pushers trying to prescribe her psych meds If your only tool is a hammer.... This is part of why I avoid the medical establishment. Very true. Growing up in the 1970s, we did not have a computer. I wrote papers and reports for school using a typewriter. We did not have a microwave. We did not have a dishwasher. We had a 14" TV. Home music system was a record player. No video games at home. The phone was mounted on the wall, provided by the phone company, shared by everyone in the house. We were very much middle class, my parents were probably more frugal than most but this was pretty typical of all my friends. I had iron pipe in my first house. Water was rusty when we got home after a weekend away. Got tired of rust stained sinks and laundry. Ripped it all out and replaced it with CPVC (this was before PEX was really widely available). Never had trouble after that. Mostly used in manufactured and mobile homes IIRC? Those aren't built to last more than 10-15 years anyway. I manage hundreds of servers, and use Ansible. It's simple and it gets the job done. I tried to install Kubernetes on a cluster and couldn't get it to work. I mean I know it works, obviously, but I could not figure it out and decided to stay with what works for me. > I don’t need to live forever. Nobody does. Death is part of the health and evolution of of any ecosystem. Old people, and old ideas, need to gradually make way for the next generation. This must however go along with a robust education in history, as we are prone to making the same kinds of mistakes over and over. Always needing to be "productive" or busy can be a sign that you're avoiding something else in your life. The classic example is the workaholic who is hiding from the reality that he doesn't like spending time with his spouse or family. Instead of confronting and solving that problem, he runs away from it by working 60 hour weeks. I use a local credit union as well and also just use their website. And it's being replenished by nuclear decay. It's not just the original heat from the compression/collisions of material when the planet formed. 650 years is not much on evolutionary time. But a lot depends on the selective pressures and the amount of mutation. IDK if much could be attributed to natural evolution, but I'm doubtful. I don't know why they bother. I have never once used Google Meet, or Google Duo, or Google Hangouts. I have never heard of anyone else using them. I have never been asked to contact someone or join a meeting using one of these apps. Google: just change the name, change the code, do whatever. Nobody will notice. I wonder how much of it is also people like me. I work in tech, but I despise single-purpose household "gadgets." I have a vacuum cleaner and a set of working eyes. I can clean the floor in 5 or 10 minutes, rather than having a "robot" roaming the room randomly, bumping into things, and making noise for an hour. When I'm done, I store it away in a closet and don't have to look at an unsightly lump of plastic parked in a charging station. Bottom line, these cleaning robots don't solve any problem that I have, and they make my home less enjoyable to be in. I bought some tools at Harbor Freight recently that were stamped "Made in Taiwan" It is, but they are probably more careful about cleaning the equipment than the typical restaurant. When I'm at my supermarket meat counter near closing time, they are washing everything -- equipment, countertops, walls, floors with hot soapy water, brushes, and a hose. Everything goes down the floor drain. When I worked in restaurants, equipment was mostly cleaned with rags and a bucket. I've used OpenBSD as my desktop OS for the last 10 years or so. I agree it's probably not the ideal desktop OS for everyone, but I think your dismissal may be a bit too strong. You do need to be sure your desktop machine is well-suited for OpenBSD. This means supported Intel or AMD graphics (Nvidia won't work well if at all, and not all AMD will either) and network/wifi card. "Simple" is subjective. Have you ever looked at what Docker puts in your iptables? I challenge you to understand what's happening with your networking after that. If you want containers, lxc command line and a bit of configuration for a bridge interface is all you really need. The voodoo is what bothers me. As the person responsible for the server, when things go wrong I will get blamed. In that situation, I at least want it to be my fault. > Imagine attaching millions of thermometers, barometers, wind gauges, etc all over a computer/robot. It seems to me that would be rather easy these days. Each of those devices can be online. Each can publish its measurements onto a message queue. Any "intelligence" can subscribe to that and make of it what it will. Basically the internet can be the extended nervous system of a computer-based intelligence. Never heard it before. After a couple of seconds of pondering, I assumed it meant "females" but I can see from other replies that is wrong. I have no Facebook, Instagram, Snap, or any similar accounts. In casual converstation, I sometimes notice meme references or slang that I don't know, but that's about it. Not a big problem or loss IMO. If you don't have kids with her, move on. She's made clear what her priorities are, or she needs the wakeup call that a failed relationship will bring. > I’ll take an uneducated guess that a big chunk of cases of anxiety and depression are not caused by chemical imbalances, and are simply people’s brains telling them “you’re doing something wrong, correct course! I've seen people educated in the field saying the same thing. Depression is nature's way to prod you to make a change in your life. Something isn't working. So you're probably not wrong, at least for some fraction of cases. I use awesome for a window manager. Other than that and a few color/font tweaks, it's pretty much stock. https://awesomewm.org/ Most of what I do happens in a browser, terminal, or emacs. It's not nearly that severe. In cases where I don't understand some reference, it's often clear by context. If not, I say "what does that mean?" Per capita means nothing. Total tonnage of carbon is all that matters. Of course when they were young, the Boomers said that about all the people in power at that time. Big government power attracts corruptible people. This doesn't change in a generation. It probably doesn't change ever. Last time I applied for a credit card online, they asked me to take a video of myself and turn my head from side to side. Go into your router and revoke its IP address. > Honestly just buying a Roomba is a pretty good signal that you have some money to burn but not so much that you can hire a maid. Or you're a sucker for gadgets that are sold at high margins and ultimately don't really improve anything in your life. And, if deepfake technology becomes so easy to use, video of your face will no longer serve to identify you. My wife bought a Roomba a few years ago. The thing is noisy, and as it bumps around the room like a blind man it frequently gets stuck in a corner or under a chair, or ingests a shoelace from a shoe that someone took off near the front door and then calls for help. I don't vacuum every day, but do it often enough with a standard canister vac. It takes a few minutes per room, and then it's done. I can also use the vacuum to get cobwebs out of the wall corners and along the ceiling. I can use it to get dust off of other surfaces. I can use it to vacuum out my car. It's a really nice vacuum, quiet, with a powerful suction, HEPA filter, and it cost less than all but the lowest-tier Roomba. Almost all car batteries in North America are made by two companies: Exide, or Johnson Controls. Survivorship bias somewhat. There were plenty of people living in literal shacks 150 years ago. Harbor Freight stuff seems to be getting better and better. Of course they still sell a lot of junk, but in my experience their toolboxes, power tools, and hand tools are generally much better today than they were 10 years ago. So you won't be wet from the rain, you'll be wet from your own sweat. That's why I bought mine. I don't want to give Amazon any of my money. If you don't want to do something, don't learn how (or don't admit to knowing). Candidly though, any project with the word "migration" in the name is not one I'd be salivating at. Those are all long slogs of tedious fiddling, in my experience. Hm. This may be something I look at. Unfortunately the closest Zeiss Vision Provider is over 20 miles away according to their site. No it isn't, it's like any account that has sudo permission to become root. It isn't root all the time, and is only root when provided with the proper password. Zoom was eating the lunch of other online meeting software even before COVID. It was the only meeting software where you had a chance of getting started without spending the first part of the meeting doing impromptu tech support for people who could not see, hear, having to download some kind of browser plugin, or dealing with echos, etc. When the pandemic hit and everyone started working remotely, Zoom was already primed to be the winner. Have you ever tried to navigate a busy roundabout? I've been at roundabouts backed up at least a quarter mile. There is plenty of idling. "Enterprise" class servers do a lot more in POST than consumer/desktop machines. On an older server, this can take minutes. Once the OS actually starts to boot, I have not noticed an appreciable difference. Most good contractors have steady work, because they are known to be good. They turn down many jobs that are either too small or have too small a budget. The contractors who are available are either new and unproven, or the bad ones. It's like software development. Good developers are well paid and work on large, interesting projects. Bad developers are doing piecework small jobs for lower pay. Nothing you do individually makes any difference at all. Don't feel guilty. Manufacturing a new EV with all the attendant impact from raw materials processing and manufacturing vs keeping an older ICE car where all of that is sunk costs not a clear win in my view. I don't think you can pick one locale and argue anything based on that. I've lived in the Midwest USA my whole life (over 50 years). The weather seems about the same as always. I remember 100 degree days when I was a kid in the 1970s. They are rare but they happen occasionally then as now (we haven't been above mid-90s here yet this year). July and August are hot and humid, as always. I can't say that I've noticed any trends up or down, but that doesn't mean that the data on global averages are wrong. No such thing. Any data that can be saved, will be saved. Deletion is a myth. It seems clear to me that a city that loses say half its population is not going to be able to just absorb that and move on. Like a large ant colony, a large number of ants are needed to support and maintain it. Computer keyboards have had them for decades also (PF keys, labeled F1--F12), though I've only really seen them used on mainframe terminals and old DOS programs like WordPerfect. > if late in the process a new feature needs to be added! Pretty much forget about it What are you going to need to do while driving ? Operate the headlights. Operate the wipers. Operate the climate control fan speeds, mode, and temperature. Operate the windows. There are not an endless number of essential operations that cannot be foreseen at design time. These are the ones that should have single-purpose, fixed context physical controls. New cars did sort of have prices raised, because most of the incentive programs stopped. The 5-year zero interest financing, the thousands of dollars of rebates, the negotiating the dealer was willing to do, all ended. New cars sold at sticker price and there was no shortage of buyers. Condo model ownership is very common in dense urban areas. You "own" your apartment, and pay an association to manage the repairs and upkeep of the common building and amenities. That said, renting in the short term is still something people will want to do. Some people will even want to do it longer term, if they want no responsibilities at all for repair and upkeep or freedom to leave with no strings attached at the end of the lease. Not uncommon for parents to buy a house for their kid to live in, rent it to a few roommates to cover the mortgage, then keep it as an investment or sell for a profit when the kid graduates. Outrage-oriented journalism? (I haven't read and probably won't read TFA). They also aren't that great in humid climates. They will cool the house, but the air is still damp, leading to mold and other damage. Never trust user input. If a user input value will be used on a page or email or other output, it will be abused once this is discovered. You must sanity check. Edit: this was already pointed out downthread. Missed it before I posted. It's also that the process of change requires documentation. You won't get changes committed without it. The bifurcation of GNU documentation between info pages and man pages is endlessly frustrating. WHY do we need a separate info system? Just put the relevant information into the man page. Also drinking too much alcohol makes you feel like shit the next day, so it's somewhat self limiting (granted, some people have less self-control while drinking than others). Craft beers are generally just higher in alcohol content. You consume more alcohol, and have a worse hangover. I recently worked at a large state university. I remember a conversation with an instructor in a master-level operating systems course. One of the assignments was to implement a simple filesystem. The amount of cheating was insane. He started academic dishonesty proceedings against many of the students but the department pressured him to "work it out." He had to basically interview each student individually and ask for an explanation of the code. Most could not explain what their code was doing (because they didn't write it). They were all given an opportunity to resubmit original work. Many could not do it, because they simply didn't understand the basics of programming, or the language they were using, or how computers even worked. These were Masters students. Even implementing an algorithm from a book teaches you something. Most book algorithms are in pseudocode so you need to know how to write a loop or a function in the language you are using. And just the act of typing it line-by-line will focus attention and help cement concepts in the brain (assuming one really wants to learn). Hitting TAB in Copilot doesn't do any of those things. The skill of getting others to do work for you is highly valued in the Director and C-suites. Students don't like learning languages that they are not going to use professionally. They want to learn Python, Javascript, maybe Java or C#. This is another clear indicator that most students today see college as a higher class trade school, not as a place of higher learning. TIL about "less tags" This is a big help in reading openbsd docs, where they tend to put a lot in one page. For example, linux will split up the openssl man pages, one for each subcommand. OpenBSD has one page. With less as my PAGER, hitting :tx509 makes that a lot easier. Also discovered you can do this: man -O tag=x509 openssl Thanks! Hold them back a year or two so they are bigger than everyone else in class and are a grown man/woman by the time they are high school sophomores. There are some parents with delusions about their kids being pro athletes, but many are just providing their kid the opportunity to do something he likes, and can afford to do it. There is a whole industry around youth sports that is designed to extract money from parents. That doesn't mean that the kids don't enjoy it though. Is there any evidence to show that these people make good teachers? You don't need to be a genious to teach. You need to have good social skills with kids, care about doing a good job, and a mastery of the subject matter (which not very demanding for even average-intelligence adults, at least until the latter part of high school). Yes the big fish get attention and the small fish get ignored. Welcome to the B2B universe. If you're a small business relative to the scope of your counterparty, you generally won't get good service or have any leverage. Seek out resellers or providers who are closer to yourself in size. You want it to hurt a bit if they lose your business. Of course you can go too far the other way as well, if you're a large client of a small company you'll probably get good service but they will be living parasitically off of you which isn't healthy and they may not be able to respond quickly enough if your needs grow. As I mentioned elsewhere, this is a sign of imbalance in the relationship. If you are too small to matter to Google or even to your account rep at Google, then you should not be using them. Firefighters wear rubber insulated boots. There might be some sparks but they would be OK cutting residential voltage power lines. Yes, the incentives in medicine are all wrong. In government medicine, the incentives are to keep you away from the doctor, better to let you die than come back repeatedly. In for-profit medicine, the incentives are to keep you coming back repeatedly until you have exhausted your assets, then let you die. I guess that's subjective, not knowing rust I see a few more lines in the first example but beyond that it does not jump out at me as being "way more complex." If you have a business need to represent "empty" or "n/a" or "declined to answer" or something like that, use a specific value for that. NULL does not mean anything. Or, it means nothing. It's just NULL. Once I got that into my head, SQL became less frustrating. Yep. That's why I write most of my logic in stored procedures. Working with tables and queries is so much easier in PL/pgsql than dealing with ORMs and their leaky abstractions. My application code just calls stored procedures. It's unaware of the tables and underlying data model. Get snow tires, and put some sandbags or other weight in the trunk. I use emacs as my mail client, with notmuch to search/organize it. w3m to render HTML messages. Nothing else even comes close as far as being able to efficiently handle any volume of email I've ever received. In my experience, the application framework changes much more often than the database. PHP, ASP, ASP.NET, Angular, React, Django, whatever. Pick a year, pick a framework. The database stays steady. No I don't really have any public code. I read your blog post and I agree 100% The database is the easiest place to code business logic that pertains to the data. Write it once, it's available for all client applications. Intelligence evolves in response to environmental pressures. Other than being mammalian, I doubt that orca and human intelligence can really be compared. Orcas don't have agriculture or industry. They just live naked in their environment and hunt. Their intelligence might be something like that of a pre-homo-sapien hunter tribe. I always thought of it as the other way around. Industrial and agricultural machinery was ultimately cheaper than owning slaves to do the same work. The industrial revolution happened, and slaves were no longer economical. The same goes for draft animals, too. Remember the Joel on Software forums? I think they were the first popular (at least in the tech world) forums that had a very simple interface. I don't think they had avatars/user icons, they definitely didn't have rich text or signatures. They didn't even support quoting (you could do it by copy/paste) or subthreading. The idea was that they were more like a natural discussion that way. Almost as bad as running code is if there is a way to read the clipboard. Do blacks commit more crime, or are they only more likely to be incarcerated as a result? Unix computers at that time were expensive beyond the finances of most individuals to own one at home, and required special power and air conditioning. That's why one machine was shared among many users. Yes back when there were a few good books that were the references for tech subjects. No Google, no Stack Overflow, no "For Dummies" waste of paper. Arguments are seldom "won" outside of something like a formal debate with point scoring. Arguing with most people is like mud-wrestling with a pig. You both get dirty and the pig enjoys it. Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest. Ecclesiastes 9:10 Basically, do the best work you can at whatever it is you need to do. In the end none of it matters. In the vast majority of cases, you don't need root access to develop. You can install software and build and run code in your home directory. Root accesss is often just a lazy way for software installers to avoid the extra step or two of modifying their $PATH because some executable is not in /usr/bin That's likely true, but what change has been made in the total volume of plastic waste produced in the area? Possibly/probably very little. It's an example of doing something easy and visibly noticable, but ultimately inconsequential, to create the illusion of solving a problem. It's an extension of the trend for sites to have all kinds of modal popups for new users, or to alert users to new features, that are shown once or a few times and then stop. It's probably a good idea in general, though I don't like them if I have to dismiss them manually. At least please make them go away if I hit ESC. It might be a cool thing if a site prompted the user at some point "You've been using our system for a little while now, would you like to try a denser/more compact layout?" I'm pretty convinced it's not a thing, or at least it's not COVID-specific. People are attributing every ache, pain, sniffle, fatigue, and other symptom to "long covid" when they are more likely the random things we all experience from time to time, or they are among the people who have long recoveries from severe respiratory virus infections. “I was quite taken aback,” the 17-year-old from Chappaqua, New York, recalls. “Because I always thought, ‘well, poaching is illegal, how come it really is still such a big issue?’” Life lesson. If an activity can generate income, someone will do it. Law notwithstanding. I pay $50/year for email, because it is broadly useful across many vendors, sites, and service providers. I would not pay $0.50 for any walled garden social media account; I don't even have any with them being free. They are just too intrusive and too limited. Reader mode sometimes doesn't appear for some sites. I am guessing there is a way for sites to disable it with JS or indicate to the browser that they don't want it. Sometimes Reader mode gets around adblock detectors or other stoppers on normal page loads. It'd be nice to be able to try it regardless of whether Mozilla thinks it would be useful. Just what I was about to say. Guess I'll cross Walmart.com off my online retailer list. Sorry Walmart, if you let your brand get polluted with 3rd parties selling garbage you will quickly start to lose whatever brand loyalty you have. I never expected top end merchandise from Walmart. They are a discount retailer and that's fine. But I do expect to get genuine merchandise that is as advertised, not counterfeit or fradulent crap. I did know they had 3rd parties but thought they were somewhat better vetted than Amazon. And regardless, I'm on walmart.com so it reflects on them when some third party seller sends me shit. It is true that I am not a frequent shopper there. Even if you shop for brands on Amazon you have the risk of getting a counterfeit. I was shopping for a particular weightlifting belt that is out of stock on the manufacturer's site. You can find them on Amazon but most likely they are not genuine. > researchers published eight million new health citations—a 47% increase in all published health knowledge. So why hasn't any of this innovation made online health information even slightly better? Because the vast majority of this research does not change the current "standard of care" for most health issues that anyone is likely to experience. Trying to be your own doctor by reading websites is stupid. Doctors go to school for 8 years and many do years more eductation and practial training in a specialty. You are not going to outsmart them by spending 10 minutes reading an article on a website. If you are sick, see a doctor. If you are not sick, get an annual checkup if it makes you worry less. This isn't so complicated. Fair point, but a long-term involvement with a "community of people living with X" is far different from reading WebMD's article on X. Just don't expect miracles. Many chronic diseases are poorly understood and don't have effective treatments. Wishful thinking from a support group doesn't change that, and all the website researc in the world won't change that either. My mom had ALS, we went to local support groups, and it was an utter waste of time, other than having other people to commiserate with. Hm, I'm doubtful. I have a smartphone, but I use it for text messaging, calls, navigation, and not much else. Tickets I buy online and print. I've never been to a restaurant that required a phone to see the menu or order, and I'd likely walk out if they did. The maps/navigation is convenient, but if push came to shove I'd print the directions like I used to do before phone navigation was a thing. Yeah and I think people overestimate how much interest their kids will have in old photos of their ancestors. I cleaned out boxes of photos from my late parents house. Lots of pics from my childhood years, somewhat sparser selection of older photos. Never look at any of them. I have a framed photo of my parents on a shelf; that's enough. I also basically stopped taking photos of stuff about 15 years ago when I realized I never go back and look at them again. Bottom line, I don't have much digital content to archive, and I plan to keep it that way. I agree it's a problem, but how is it not a choice? There are a few exceptions, but most people could choose to be more active and eat better. Also media hysterics. The same number of kids were probably abused in a variety of ways 50 years ago. Maybe more than today, even. But what most people knew about the news was what was in the local paper and maybe they watched 30 minutes of national news on TV. They didn't have a device in their pocket alerting them in real-time about a kidnapping story in another state. People are not good at assessing probability of risk. If they hear about something, they think it's likely. So they get more and more afraid. Coincidentally (?) I got an unsolicited text message yesterday with my "Samsung account verification code." I have a CS degree, and the main thing I developed that stuck with me is the ability to pick up most any programming language and separate the syntax from the fundamental concepts such as objects, functions, loops and flow of control, lists, arrays, other data structures, etc. Pretty much every class in my degree program used a different programming language. You had to develop the ability to learn a language and be productive with it in a semester (~4 months) or at most an academic year. Sometimes you'd be learning two new languages along with the course material. The CS theory I use far less. I think if you are in a job that boils down to implementing CRUD functionality (even if dressed up a bit on the UX side) you don't really find yourself thinking about CS theory very often. Not really. If the app is essentially pulling data out of the UI and calling a SQL query to put some fields into a database (or vice-versa), there isn't much to it. Yes, if it's doing something more complex, algorithmic complexity can be a factor. The vast majority of "enterprise" or business apps aren't. For me the biggest thing is finding the sport or activity that you enjoy (or can at least tolerate) doing. Over the years I tried biking, running (street, trail, track), swimming, various machines, other things I'm probably forgetting. Hated every minute of it, and could never stick with it. I tried weightlifting a few years ago. No machines, just barbells. I honesly can't say that I love doing it, but I have been able to stick with it 3 days per week and I only miss if I am sick or have an unavoidable conflict. If you can't get into the habit of working out, try something else. Also try variations of group/solitary activity. I'm a pretty introverted person but one thing that helps with getting to the gym is knowing a group of people there. I wouldn't wear that weighted vest too much. If you wear it all day, it will have the same adverse effect on your joints as being 20 lbs overweight. It's fine to use it to add work to body-weight exercises such as pullups, squats, etc. but don't wear it for hours just walking around. Yes I would not advise anyone working full time to have a pet that needs a lot of social company and exercise. A cat might be content to be alone in the house for 8 or 10 hours while you're at work, but most dogs will get stressed out and be unhappy with that. Dogs are not just pets, they are companion animals. > Also, how your body feels after a run, is one of the best motivators to do it again. Not everyone feels like this. I hate running, and hate the way my body feels afterwards. I just want to go to bed or sit down and do absolutely nothing. It wrecks my productivity for hours. I tried to get into running a few times because of the supposed "high" that you eventually start to feel. Never once felt it, even after several months of forcing myself to do daily runs. I made this same point in another response. To answer your question, I was sedentary, not particularly overweight but I knew it was unhealthy, and I wanted to do something to get in better shape. I knew some people who were into running and they talked about how great it made them feel. I tried it, kept at it for a while despite what a miserable an experience it was, in the hope that there would be a "breakthrough" at some point and I would start enjoying it. I now do weightlifting, and it's something I've been able to stick with for a few years. I don't "love" doing it but it's tolerable. Most spam is sent by hijacked machines and botnets is it not? They don't care about wasting CPU power; they aren't paying for it. IMO, any low-cost VPS provider is going to have a poor reputation. I've even had trouble running websites on some of them, as some "endpoint security" products have their IP addresses blacklisted, causing users to get alarming warnings if they try to visit sites hosted there. You'll run into the same issues with the "free/trial" tiers of bulk email services like Mailgun. I agree with OP, you pretty much have to at least send your outgoing email via an established, widely-accepted SMTP service provider, or in some other way pay a lot for a "clean" reputation. I did all that. When I started I could not run more than maybe a hundred yards. So I would run a little, walk a lot, run a little more, and slowly the ratio of running to walking changed and I could run a few miles without stopping to walk. I still felt just terrible and exhausted at the end of it. I never felt a high, or any other "good" feeling from it. I think it's creepy as well, but as a counterpoint my wife is delighted by stuff like this. She finds it convenient and helpful, and I can't say she's wrong. Your ISP can log and analyze all SMTP traffic if they want to, whether it's being processed by their mail relays or not. No I've pretty much abandonded the idea that I will ever enjoy running. I've given it more than a fair shake, and have found other ways to stay active. In many parts of the USA there are no required inspections of any kind. When I tried Mailgun's free tier, I had terrible problems with deliverability because (no surprise) their free tier servers have low reputation. To be fair, this was over 5 years ago. Maybe they have improved their ability to keep spammers out of the free tier service. Automatics now routinely have 7 or more gears. That's essentially a CVT for all practical purposes. Electric motors draw more current when starting up and when delivering high torque. It's conceivable that with a transmission, maximum current draw could be lowered, perhaps leading to longer-lived batteries or lower demand for battery cooling, smaller gauge wiring, smaller motors, or other cost savings. Don't know for sure on any of this, but it seems plausible. On the other hand, if it really made a difference, why aren't the EV makers already doing it? Probably the same backend they are using today, judging by what I saw last time I was in my insurance agent's office. That's what I do. All bills, statements, etc. go into a cardboard document box. I start a new box every calendar year. If I ever need to find anything, it's a bit of a search but not too bad as the papers will be in roughly chronological order. I almost never need to find anything. It's a decent compromise between separate files for everything (which would take too much effort) and not saving stuff at all. Even scanning stuff to save digitally is more work than this system. After 3 years the box gets burned. The exception is tax returns, they get saved separately. Is that just combat soldiers or is that all military including the officer ranks? Yes, because dehumidification involves a phase change (water vapor to liquid) and the heat of vaporization is much higher than needed to effect a simple temperature change in dry air. I think it's worse than that. They aren't banned precisely because people are making money from it. The headline doesn't really quantify the problem. Lots of things kill more Americans than hurricanes, tornadoes, and floods. Hurricanes, tornadoes, and floods can be quite destructive, but they don't really kill a lot of people in the grand scheme of things. Consumers don't stop and think about what they really need, or what the simplest solution to their problem is. They equate "more features" to "better." I think it was Joel Spolsky who said (paraphrasing) "nothing we did with our software ever created more new revenue than adding features." Yeah but your ceiling is the next level's floor. If drilling a 4" hole in the floor/ceiling to accomodate a toilet drain is too damaging to the structural integrity (not sure I believe that, but I'm not an engineer) then it's a non-starter. Maybe you could build the bathrooms and kitchens along partition walls that have space behind them, so pipes could run above the floor, between walls, to the building core where all the main plumbing was designed to be. Methane is useless as a fuel without oxygen. The lesson of "you get what you incentivize" seems to be lost on them. Those cities are also not reliant on one market sector that has happened to have a spectacular 20 year run. I guess Financial Services might be the closest thing, but there's a lot more to NYC than Wall Street. The comparison to Detroit seems apt. When the automakers scaled down, there was no "Plan B" and the city leaders were too incompetent/corrupt to actually lead. Being able to search for an answer is not the same thing as knowing the answer, and it does not contribute to being able to synthesize ideas from observation combined with knowledge. Otherwise I don't disagree with you that this is where things are heading. In a few more years we probably won't even be giving traditional grades in school anymore. What would they mean, other than that the student has enough Google prowess to look up the answers? I feel like I've been able to detect these, e.g. examine the writing and note that each letter is exactly the same every time it appears -- real people don't write that precisely. Though I'm sure that some random variation would not be difficult to introduce. Bottom line it's like anything else -- if I don't know the person who sent it to me, I don't trust it. Automated handwriting is just more big-tech destruction of yet another facet of human to human communications. Yeah really taxes could be much easier if you only had to submit what they don't already have. E.g. various deductions, non-W2 income, etc. They could then prep the final return and make it available for you to review and approve. All my problems with taxes over the years have amounted to similar mistakes - forgetting to transfer one amount from one form to another, or transposing numbers, etc. Nobody goes to prison over tax errors unless it's deliberate fraud. If they are in competitive markets they will have no choice. If they are monopolies that's a problem regardless of tax policies. Non-citizen adults don't have a vote and they all have to pay taxes. You're not suggesting that all resident aliens should not pay taxes? I remember a similar web app from 5 or 6 years ago or so, I thought maybe it was called "Decide Already" but decidealready.com doesn't seem to be it, at least not anymore. Diesel fuel has gone up a lot more than $0.09 per gallon in the last year or two. It's close to doubled in fact, maybe more in some areas. Yes in competitive markets you'd expect the pricess of commodity services to be close to the same. There isn't much differentiation other than price for something like trash removal. People will naturally choose the cheapest option. So all the services will cut their prices to the point where they will making their minimal acceptable profit. Of course it's possible that the trash services are colluding to maintain higher prices. That's illegal, but it probably happens especially in something like trash removal where there's a history of corruption and the people involved all know or are related to each other. How long would it take to properly insulate all the buildings that need to be heated but are inadequately insulated? I have no idea what the situation is with availability of insulation contractors and supplies, but I'm guessing years? Certainly won't be possible by this winter. Thinking of tax benefits as subsidies is the point of view that all money you earn belongs to the government and they decide how much you get to keep. Taxes are mandatory payments for (allegedly) services the government provides. Tax breaks let people/companies keep more of their own money. They are not subsidies. Subsidies would be additional money provided (which could be the case in a refundable tax credit where you end up getting a refund on taxes you never paid).