Two issues: 1) What motivates you? For some, it's desire. For others, it's fear. Envy is a form of desire. Doing anything with all your soul -- pouring yourself into something -- is your job in life as far as I'm concerned. Pick whatever works for you. Whatever keeps you moving. 2) It also depends on what you envy. I envy people that have made a positive difference in people's lives. Other things seem kind of stupid to me, like money and fame. You can inherit money, or trick somebody out of it, so while it's nice, it's more like the scoreboard on a basketball game. You don't play basketball by looking at the scoreboard. Fame is too much a crap shoot. Plus I'd rather have freedom to invent and innovate than having the world watching my every move. Model. In UML. Use whatever tool works for you. I like Enterprise Architect. Lets me break apart any kind of complex problem, whether it's components, hardware, logical structures, rule systems, etc. Plus it's programmable so I can take some of that design work and translate it into working code quickly. A lot of guys, especially in start-ups, don't get modeling. They think you're trying to plan too much. The trick is to model quickly and at a high conceptual level. That gives you your organizational structure (within 20% or so) to manage complexity. You can still code and adapt quickly. If you over-plan (or model), however, you limit your options and force a lot of decisions up front which might could wait for later. That's counterproductive. Living expenses are the reason I'm not applying. Unless you somehow lose intelligence and execution ability when you get married and have kids, the structure doesn't make sense to me. It seems to be geared towards single, foot-loose folks. As somebody who's put long hours in on multiple technology projects, I don't feel that having a higher overhead translates to being a worse risk. After all, what are we talking about here? The difference between 5 and 10K, or something like that? Being hungry is great. Having your wife call you every day to tell you the house is getting repossessed is counter-productive. I agree that the knowledge and contacts are what you guys should be going for. Running on savings and forgetting about the money is the only strategy I can figure that works for us "high maintenance" entrepreneurs. If I apply, I'll just make sure I have money in savings to run for six months or so first. Ouch. No it's not. But neither am I here to please the universe. I'm just saying that it's not a lot of money. Perhaps it is to you. I can make that money as pocket change in a very short amount of time in my normal consulting business. If YC wants to pay 10 bucks for their team members, more power to them. Not my call. They've got their math to do and I've got mine. Even families have profit/loss statements and break-even points. Their rates have consequences. After all the universe is not here to please them either, right? Come on, guys. These replies are just pot shots. Take the snarkiness somewhere else. I've worked 3-6 month projects where every minute was slinging code. And I regularly put my house and family on the line for my business. I already have a business. I show companies how to run technology teams. I'm just looking to move into startup country because I like that environment more than the suit and tie world. I've led 5-person startup teams, and I've led 40-person rearchitecture groups. I like the startup teams a lot better. Thank you for reminding me why I don't post on internet boards. When the cheap shots fail, the personal attacks begin. It seems like it is always easier to make yourself look good by hacking apart somebody else. I was hoping this board would be a little better than that. For the record, I'm not saying I could do anything. I'm not saying PG or anybody else stays up at night worrying about my participation or lack of it. You know nothing of my lifestyle, and you don't know me. I didn't post in here to make any kind of comment on YC, PG, or anybody else. I only wanted to point out that the cost of living is a factor for other people in whether they participate or not. That's it. BTW, it's not a question of "is it enough to meet YC's goals" It's a question of whether it is enough to meet both parties' goals. That's the way business works -- both parties have capabilities and needs. Business is when there is a trade between these capabilities and needs. It's never a one-way street. Since in my job I have to quote hourly and daily rates to people, I always keep in the back of my mind a rate for "barely living", a rate for "swimming", and a rate for "comfortable living". I'm always aware of the amount of money it takes to pay the mortgage, lights, car payment, etc. That's the thing about getting married and having kids: it makes your life a lot more complicated. Personally I don't mind living out of an apartment and eating noodles for 3 or 4 months. I could even skip a couple months on the mortgage if I had to. But when they start taking away things your family needs to survive, like a house, then that's not eating steaks, that's starving. While I have no problem gambling my family's assets on my business, I don't feel it is morally right to actually lose everything they have. Now if it was just me, that's a different story. At one point in my life, due to a fire when I was in my 20s, I lost everything I had. In a way, it's a totally liberating experience. Most people really don't need all that crap they surround themselves with every day. That's why I replied to the article. I can see both sides of the story. Most young single guys don't need a lot of money (especially with Web applications) to make a go of it. The numbers get bigger with a wife, and they get even bigger with kids. That's not wanting Filet Mignons, that's just life. I agree. I think you hit the nail on the head. But you can't do both at the same time. Good one-on-one consulting (or anything, for that matter) requires you to be 24/7 thinking of your client and their problems, not yours. Perhaps other guys are better at multi-tasking among completely different things. To me, you've got to pour your heart and soul into it, or it's not worth doing. That's just the OCD-kinda guy I am :) My biggest problem isn't the savings, it's the team. I chose to live in a really rural area, which is great for kicking back after getting off a jet from somewhere, but really sucks wind when it comes to meeting and forming teams. I'm waiting for one of these YC groups to help us hermit schmucks out with some good team-formation software. I'm an old fart (42) who's been working for myself in various capacities for 20 years. I find there are two people that ask the question. 1) The jealous/conformist. They are asking you why you are not participating in the rest of the system as they understand it. A polite smile (as you would give an idiot or child) and a "So far things are going really well. I find I don't really need a regular job" works, because it lets them feel like they know what a "regular" job is an reinforces their value system. It also makes them even more jealous, and that's a nice benefit. 2) People who just don't understand. My mom and stepdad fall into this category. They don't mean anything -- they simply have no concept of how a person could exist without working for some other organization. I've been working on my parents for the entire 20 years, to little effect. With these people, just be patient. An 80-year-old without a computer is not going to understand Web 2.0 no matter what. So it's not like even if you had a "job" they would even understand then. To them, you'll probably always be sitting around playing pong or watching Star Trek TOS and having money for some strange reason. What you build should be scalable, whether you are on one server or a thousand. I'm a huge VM fan, mainly because of the complexity of some systems we use. If you solve your app for a few VMs somewhere, it becomes trivial (mostly) to scale. Then you can do backups easily, share snapshots of complex systems, allocate hardware resources virtually, etc. Not sure about Xen, though. I've been using VMWare for a bit and I'm a happy customer.I would be interested in hearing how the various VM tools compare. What I'd like to accomplish: Become Master of Space and Time What I expect to do first: Apply to YC For some reason, I'm having some trouble with some of the steps in between. (grin) I was thinking what I needed was a sock puppet, or maybe a website with a name with too many vowels, like ooweblioo. I'm also considering a folksonomy of avatars, or maybe a paradigm-shifting web 3.0 application that virtualizes social dynamics in a new dimension. Dang! That sounds great! I think I'll call the puppet Bob. Man, I'm almost there. Good neetings are things you go into not knowing what the answer is -- they're for synergy. Body language, group particpation, and consensus building are important. E-mail is for presenting an case, making a conclusion, and asking for agreement. It's a longer format where you get a chance to speak in a one-way fashion. The phone is great for immediate decision-making: the server is down and I need to know whether to ring the alarm bell or not. With the phone you can get a lot out of voice inflection that you can't get with IM or email. In general, written format is very tough to do humor, nuance, sarcasm, and negotiation. BTW, the term "meeting" is way overrated. If you're doing work in a group, do the work, whether it's at the water cooler, Starbucks, whatever. There's a whole science involved in making a good meeting, but I'd just focus on the work and make the communication format fit the goal. Use common sense. You obviously can't make a marketing strategy using IM, email, or twitter, so some kind of meeting/workgroup is in order. Likeise, if you've stopped five people working to tell them the code just built, you need to do a little thinking about choosing better formats. A program that scours the obituaries to reverse-engineer email addresses and online identities so that people that you've met online can find out you've croaked. Hey -- if the money's there, it's a business :) Seriously. That what makes this exercise a little dubious. It's never version 1.0 of the idea. Sometimes it might be version 23 For example, here's v2.0 of my idea. Identity Life Insurance. For a fee, either use the internet and/or a physical inspection of people's computers after death to shut down online accounts and notify correspondents that you are deceased (and perhaps what to do about sending flowers, etc) This would give the insured privacy in their final online affairs and also make sure the people you chat with daily know what happened to you. Sales would be to traditional insurance companies (which could offer it as a rider) and funeral homes. Now does that sound better? The fun of this game isn't necessarily in the idea, it's in the evolution of the idea in response to market forces. Cool stuff! Yes. Of course. But there are many problems with your assertion that it's just knowing someone who will follow directions: 1) Many people do not know enough technology to be able to track all the accounts a user might have. 2) Many users don't want their families going through their accounts when they die (ie, cybersex and online fantasy issues) 3) Some people may die unexpectedly, with insurance but no directions as far as online presence 4) The average family memeber when left with an unexpected death, even with a list of online associates, will not know how to approach these people (what were their roles in the deceased life?) or what to say 5) It's just a hassle and is easier to have someone else do it and 6) It's not something people think about a lot, but with the wired-up X Generation and tail-end-of-the-boomers getting older, it will become a more pronounced issue. I would ask yourself a few honest questions if I were you. 1) Do you want to change the world, really? Or do you just want to feel good? Lots of people have spent lots of money on eliminating poverty. And it's still here. That's not saying it's a lost cause, only that the benefit for all those other people was that it made them feel like they were trying. One day we will succeed. Until then, the numbers look like a long-shot.Same goes for a lot of other feel-good type investments: curing hunger, curing cancer, eliminating oppression, etc.There's a huge multi-billion-dollar industry built up around making rich people feel better by writing checks. It's a noble cause, if that's your thing. 2) Are you smart enough to know what to do? The beauty of capitalism is that progres chases benefit: you don't make money for _not_ helping people, if only a little bit. Now you can take the profit factor out, but then you've got a charity, not a business. Businesses have to provide value. 3) Isn't the best thing you can do is provide man-hours? In your example, you ask if use by 1% of people in the richest country a good moral choice. Let's say the toy saves an hour each week. That's 4 million people, saving one hour a week,in the richest country in the world. Assuming $40 per hour, You've roughly created $8 Billion in time for those people. Maybe 95% of that time will be spent playing Donkey Kong, watching American Idol, or picking their nose. Still, you've got $400 Million in return for what? A few hundred grand or a mil or two? And those 5% will spend their time doing things they are passionate about that _they_ feel will make a difference. So if you're still feeling guilty, target some investment money in saving time for scientists -- all scientists. If you could save them a few hours each week, imagine how much value you could add? So yes, time-saving toys for rich, productive people are the best use of my time that I can see. Perhaps other see it differently. Christmas Tree Machines. We've seen the beginnings of home fabrication (including fabricating entire homes!) but as this technology progresses, it will impact the entire supply chain and wholesale/retail sector. May be a hundred years, though. But we've seen the beginnings already. It's great to see the widget market getting so hot! I was in early with my blogging toolkit, now everybody's in the game. I wonder if some of these are true "widgets" (plug in anywhere with simple script a novice can use, interactive, live updating, multi-user, etc) or are just glorified links back to Amazon. Looks like it's a little of both -- you can have as much fun as you want, as long as it has to do with some kind of Amazon product! LOL. Not sure the name fits, perhaps Adget might be better. Yes. I think this is blatant advertising. They should at least try to mix in a little more direct value to the consumer. If I want to browse Amazon, why would I want to do it from a litle widget (or Adget)? It's just a dressed-up ad. What's the value to the consumer (ignoring the Amazon referral system for a moment) to stick with one advertiser on their blog? Google AdWords makes more sense -- at least it is contextual (and presumably competitive) Compare this to a real widget, where the emphasis is on an open API: (flash demo) http://www.batback.net/home/batBackDemo2.html To me, a widget is a platform for plug-and-play generic web functionality. The emphasis is on, yes, building a platform. (It's a platform! Egads!) Seriously -- if you're so vertical you're just an "Amazon" widget, you're just a one-note band. There's so much more that can be done, and my bet is that consumers are going to want more, not less, choices out of the same widget. You only have so much space on your site, right? Looking at these comments, I'd say you could get money for basically nothing if you could get people to argue all day. Perhaps you should consider a career in the radio talk-show business. As enjoyable as getting money for just existing would be, imagine how much more fun it would be to get money for doing something that you love and that made a difference to other people. I've been thinking about these comments and would like to add one more thing: Perhaps the debate about ID, abortion, pigs swimming with sheep, etc should be taken somewhere else. That makes sense to me. It's not relevant to the purpose as I understand it of the board and we're never all going to agree. But the business ideas that spring from controversial ideas should absolutely be part of a startup board, in my opinion. So aside from the joke I made, in all seriousness, the question is: what kinds of business opportunities are there that relate to your interests? It would seem to me that the more controversial your interests, the tighter the market niche you are going to find. Perhaps bear polishers are a tight-knit group and have been looking for a social portal website. Perhaps cigarette smokers who like the Three Stooges are underrepresented in the market. Let's face it: a lot of web applications have a big marketing/popularity aspect to them. Anybody who feels passionately about any topic should ask themselves how many other people feel the same way, and is there some service that could be offered to them that would help them out. That's what it's all about, right? So yes, I'd be very interested in talking about some issue I might have problems with in terms of what the business opportunities were. Now there's a moral component: you don't want to support cigarette smokers, you don't want to help IDers, etc. I can respect that. Personally, I think it's awful to devise something to help out Islamic Fundamentalists. I could not do or support anything like that because I feel it hurts other people directly (as in kaboom, not as in it makes their mind mush). So on those topics, perhaps it is best to self-censor in order to allow the business conversation to continue, at least as much as possible. And yes, the post was a troll, but it brought up an interesting point, I skipped philosophy and always regretted it, for the same reasons pg mentions (it seems to be the ultimate in reality) In the last 3 years, however, I've picked up some great philosophy CDs from The Teaching Company. I spent 400 bucks instead of all that tuition, and I learned enough philosophy to really appreciate it. I agree somewhat and disagree somewhat with Paul's essay. On one hand, pragmatism seems to be the only rational resposne to so much generalizing! And he's right -- philosopher's have continuously pushed the boundaries of language well past the breaking point. But I think Paul overgeneralizes, which is ironic since that seems to be part of the claim he's making against philosophy. I view the field as really smart people trying to come to grasp ultimate truths on which the rest of science can be constructed. Many times they have succeede, like J.S. Mills, or Newton. Philosophy generates science. But you can't take it too seriously. Philosophy is like a dance, or a way to play the tuba. If you're having fun with it, and you're generating something of value (I would agree with the life-changing criteria but simply making a buck from geralizing where nobody else did is enough for me) then you're a philosopher. Anybody who's ever sat designing a program where you get that "a ha!" moment, where you realize by generalizing in these few areas you've made a whole new practical and valuable thing, is right up there with Russell in my book. Anybody who has went through requirements sessions, only to have the code still not match the needs because of the slipperiness of language understands Wittgenstein. There's some similarity. Only this time, the big companies are buying up the little fish early in the game and absorbing them into operations -- which is probably a much saner thing to do than everybody betting they have the next Google. We're seeing the beginning of "retail startups", where we can spit them out like six packs of Coke, fund them, get them bought up by Amazon or whomever. The industry really wanted to get to this point in '99. They've made a lot of progress since then. Sorry to post twice, but this is a pet topic. Software is applied philosophy. Where else can you deal with everything that western philosophy offers, from classification to epistemology to the philosophy of language and science -- and at the end of the day produce something that has immediate value for someone? All of this working, real-world stuff we're doing, from heuristics to machine learning and meta-programming -- it's all applied philosophy. I'll elaborate: in systems design you start with nothing. With words, ideas, feelings. Heck -- most of the time people can't even express what they want the system to do! When you start like that, you are in a completely impracticable spot. Not only that, but when you do get the words out, they're all just abstractions of other things. "We'd like the user to see the most relevant article" Well gee, what do you mean by "relevant"? What do you mean by "see"? It's the same exact problem you face when you're talking about stuff most people consider BS, like are we real or not. So you start in this totally meaningless set of concepts, you refine, you abstract, you categorize -- in short, you take a trip through each of the major branches of philosophy. When they say "user", do they mean something that is part of an abstract type of "person"? Or is that over-designing? When we look at scaling past ten million users, what's the impact of applying various principles of set theory, such as normalization? When we say we want the machine to learn what the user wants, do we really mean just what his next actions will be? We do all of this automatically, without realizing that some pretty smart other people have walked many of these roads before. Because those guys have been there, done that, all of these sciences have been created: sciences like hardware and software design, debugging, complexity theory. For the most part, we don't need to learn about all of these smart people and the full stories of their ideas. After all, only about 1 or 2 percent of what they did lived on after them. But by understanding a more complete version of what they thought, sometimes it can save you going down a dead end. And heck, it can just make discovering the answer more fun. And at the end, when all of that BS comes toghether for a real, live, working system? It's a thing of beauty. Did you even build a system for a large organizatino and every department had a different idea of what reality was? Did you look for wrong and right people, or think of the word "paradigm" (Kuhn -- sort of) You can't take philosophy like you would a hard science. It doesn't progress or evolve from one phase to another, and half of it doesn't even make sense with the other half. That's okay, though. It doesn't mean that it is not useful, just different. I read NKS. Good book! Especially for math, physics, and programming geeks. There has been a lot of speculation that the universe is a simulation. If Wolfram manages to ascertain the rules and network that "runs" the universe, then the question becomes whether a universe is a simulation, or just acts like one. Is there a difference between something that has only computational rules and structure and a computer program? I think I can try to answer your question. No, you are not wrong, but I believe in software there is always a balance. If I have a problem, and you've said you would fix it, it is reasonable for me to expect some things out of our arrangement: dates, notifications, whatever. It varies by how anal I am and how much I trust you or don't trust you to make my problem go away. Even if there is no customer-vendor relationship, let's say you are working on your own for your own startup, or you are doing your own thing for Google or somebody. Even then you still have to meet some dates. Once you promise a beta, guess what? Code's gotta happen between now and then. If people ask you what you're doing, it might help to have a powerpoint, email, song, or something to be able to explain what your plan is. I don't know if you're a prima donna or not, but I do know that early in my programming experience, I thought code was an art form. Later on I realized that they call it software engineering for a reason: you can make solutions happen with some kind of repeatability. That doesn't mean there isn't creativity involved, but it means that sometimes we flatter ourselves with thinking we're being creative when really we're just reinventing the wheel and putting our name on it. Think of it like writing a piece of music. You can be as creative as you want, but still there is a lot of pre-existing stuff that you must deal with: measures, notation, instruments, schedules, patrons, etc. Yes -- you can throw any and all of that away, but THAT only works if you understand what each part contributes. So there's no free ride: you just can't declare yourself creative and immune to the imposition of the rest of reality. So yes, you can expect somebody to ask for dates, requirements, etc -- that's what outsiders always do. I imagine some places are worse about it than others. That's just my opinion, for what it's worth. Wolfram's a lot smarter than I am, but I believe he also believes the function is discrete and not continuous. In fact, he makes the point in NKS that we may have went off the rails with Newton and the calculus. It may turn out that the universe is discrete and that our understanding of it as continuous is just an artifact of not having the computational power to see how discrete functions can effectively look continuous at a much larger scale (sort of a reverse proof of the integral) It blows my mind. But if you're a genius, might as well have a hobby, right? I'm just glad he took this up instead of bowling. Just thought I would add that clarification in there, because I know the word "function" has a lot of meanings to people. I've long thought that the mentor/mentee model was the way to go in this business. There are simply too many wrong doors to open and things to chase that don't amount to much. And I'm speaking only for the technology side -- I imagine the business side is just as bad. Good luck with you idea. I don't have any concrete suggestions except finding a market will be tough: there are lots of things that "should" happen that never seem to work out. I've done technology mentoring for several years now on the side. I've found that you have to be co-located for it to work effectively. It's one thing to be a voice on the phone or an icon on IM, it's something else entirely to drop by for lunch, take a look at the build, and roll your sleeves up and pitch in. That's a face-to-face kind of thing. As another commenter pointed out, a lot of people don't feel like they need any help. Those that might entertain the idea want to see that you can walk the walk and not just talk the talk -- which is exactly as it should be. So I'd look locally if you can. Agreed. That's the trick -- a good mentor will show you the world and tell you about different places you might want to go. He can even help you book the ticket, but he can't make your decisions for you. A mentor is not a cofounder, is not a coder, and is not a partner. It's like my father-in-law, the carpenter who lives out of town. I know nothing of wood-working, so if I need some work done, I use him as a mentor. He doesn't show up and do the work, but he guides me around the arena and shows me what to worry about and what not to worry about. Maybe I'll hire out contractors, or maybe I'll do it myself. In the modern world, you can't do everything yourself, so it's good to have somebody with that information. Good mentors are priceless, and we use them all the time without thinking about it. But you have to be clear about roles and expectations. I wonder if the people writing this article are as competent in this field as they think they are? I wonder how much of their time the second time around was saved because they had already built so much back-end? I know the gist of the article is to concentrate on ideas and user experience instead of features, but having all that work in place had to be a big boost for them. I think some of the best programs I've seen were built once, thrown away, then built again. Once you start coding, it is easy to put the blinders on and think only in terms of features and not users. Likewise, it's easy to think of a million user experiences you want to provide without having any clue how the pieces are coming together. In a way, they had two startups, one for each problem. Seems like it worked out well for them. Knowing when to build and when to buy is a biggie. Especially in web development, you can get these huge honking Javascript libraries that do maybe 1 thing you need. Just build it already. On the other hand, once you start writing a _system_ to do something, like tag clouds or rounded corners or something like that, use some common sense and at least take a look at what's out there. Sometimes you can pick up some lightweight stuff that can save you a bunch of time. What's the saying? Good authors borrow from others. Great authors steal. Let's recap. 1) If you build a cool site that's interactive and brings in lots of users, most likely it has a "popularity curve" where it's really cool at first, then it's the thing to do, then it's kind of old hat, and finally you are left with the die-hards. Perhaps some sites keep users for 15 years, but to me building the next cool social networking site for pet rock lovers (or whatever) looks more like creating a popular TV show. 2) Big companies come along and buy up these small fish while they are in their growth phase. The more users you have and the faster you are growing, the more perceived value you have. 3) They then absorb small fish into their larger operations, eventually completely consuming small fish. Oddly enough, this keeps them from following the same popularity curve as everybody else: they are always refreshing the mix by bringing in new blood and content. This means there is a huge amount of pressure on large organizations to buy up small companies. Very interesting. 4) As an entrepreneur, you always have to ask yourself whether you still have a long way to grow, or if you are closing in to your peak. The related article says that Facebook will peak, and I believe it. The problem is that every company believes it will change and dominate the world as we know it. Rationally, Facebook owners need to make the call about where the most value is. But there might not be a lot of rational thinking going on at this point. Sorry to repeat all of that. I was just trying to get my head around the concepts in the related articles. Good food for thought! I love contrarian articles. "catering to prejudice" brings to mind setting up sites for the KKK or something. This is more like girls wanting to look like Britney, or kids dancing like Michael Jackson, or yuppies competing for the best BMW, or strippers getting boob-jobs. It's a social-fashion issue. Yes, perhaps there is prejudice involved, but it sounds more like garden-variety fashion and competition based on looks than deep-seated racism. The better question to me is where do you draw the line. What's a business model that you wouldn't execute? I draw the line at companies who do not treat people in a way that they themselves would want to be treated and that causes direct bodily harm. For example, if you've got a web site selling drugs to kids over the internet, that's obviously not something you would want sold to your kid. In my late twenties I was brought in as the superstar on a startup. The "idea guy" was a former professor of software engineering and a former VP for a large electronics firm. Hey -- he was a teacher! And a VP for quality! What could go wrong? I staffed a very small team and we took off. Every day my idea guy would wonder around the office, (his basement) coming up with some kind of new thing or two that was cool. It was distracting as heck. I finally took him aside and told him that we could do a certain amount of work each time-box (which I believe was 3 weeks) but we couldn't work in an environment where we didn't know from day-to-day what we were doing. Interestingly, the other main programmer said that I was being too anal. So the idea guy and I had words and I left. The company never did pan out. Being agile is what it is all about, but you have to actually _do_ something for that truism to work. This is like the guys who sit in the stands at major sporting events. It's easy to have some master plan that changes whenever the mood strikes when you don't have any skin in the game to make something happen. This is why it's better to have geeks who are also idea guys -- they realize the cost associated with the ideas. Just because you can say it easily doesn't mean you can create it easily. Dude -- I'm sure these guys are your friends and you've been through a lot. But there's lots of serious, focused work involved with making a startup happen. It sounds like what you've got is more of a painful group hobby. I think it might be time to consider a better format for being productive. Welcome to the crack cocaine of geekdom. Once you figure out you can bill whatever you can negotiate, it makes it really hard to do startup work. The most dangerous part about it is that you always know you can pick up a bag of cash if you need it. When you've always got an attractive and easy "out", it's always out there calling to you. Yet another reason to do your startup when you are as young as possible. Is it a journey of self-discovery? Or were those people simply the right people to make the observations they did? I would be careful with cause and effect. It may be that brain structures allow one person, say, a greater ability to see in the dark and notice the tiger that is about to pounce while another cannot. But the tiger is not a result of that person. The observation of the tiger is a result of brain structure or whatever. The tiger exists with or without the person noticing it. This is beginning to set off my BS alarm, but suffice it to say that philosophers seem to have made discoveries quite apart from the structure of their brains or personalities. They've also indulged in a lot of pontificating and wondering about based on their unique brain structures, no doubt. But I would be careful in using neuroscience to explain philosophy. I've read some studies that show that some brains are more conservative than others, and some are more liberal. This might be really cool in 100 years once all the noise comes out of the experiments, but for now, it poses more of a danger than a benefit to the layreader, imo. We're just at the stage of correlation. Nobody that I know of is talking about causation for some of these higher-order effects. The business side of this is cold and harsh, as it always is. But as far as keeping a friend? He's a teacher, right? Why don't you sell him on the idea about learning how other startups succeed? I'll never forget reading "A Good Hard Kick in the Ass" several years ago. It completely changed the way I understood how startups work. Perhaps you could sell him on the idea that you're feeling a little frustrated, and perhaps other teams out there have learned something that might be useful to you guys. I also liked "Founders at Work" which I read a while ago. I wouldn't bury the guy in material -- after all, if you give him too much he'll just blow it off. But I'd find some text that made the case and _was presented by another person who is an authority_. That way, it's not a you vs. him deal, it's just a couple of friends discovering how things work. Good luck. If he's smart and your friend I'm sure he'll see the value of a structured approach to creativity. The trick is to be non-confrontational. Let the ideas battle it out, and not the people. We should talk. I'm in need of some kind of 12-step group. Seriously. I'd like to hear more about how you managed to quit. I know YC likes to see ideas with big potential markets, but I can't help wondering if there is a sort of herd mentality that goes along with startup ideas. Obviously, social networking is par for the course. Is there a play to be made on ideas that are not in favor? Perhaps ideas that are on the way out? For instance, based on this article, would there be a business model in, say, creating custom vinyl records based on user's MP3 files and cover art? Since these are declining businesses the huge numbers probably aren't there, but they might make a nice place fora bootstrapper to go -- perhaps a little safer than competing with the majority of investment money. I think maybe you missed the point. If most people stop using and buying records, that's a "dying business model", right? So riddle me this, Batman: are there people who are going to keep using records? If so, it's certainly not for the ability to hear the music -- that problem has been solved better. Is it a lifestyle choice? Is it because they are anti-technology? So while one definition of the record business shuts down, is there another definition that will take its place? Hey -- the answer might very well be "no". But if it is yes, it's certainly not the same business model that died. It's a whole new market, with new drivers, new players, and new distribution channels. It's also a market where there is going to be lots of talent lying around that isn't being used any more (like how to design good covers, various custom record production techniques, etc) Continuing on in my example, if you could find 10 million folks all over the world interested in something to do with records -- custom records, records as bird houses, records as the new frisbees, whatever -- and you can market something to them that they want, that's called a business. Running away from the competition has nothing to do with it. I'm asking a simple leverage question: given two markets of equal size and a limited budget, do you compete with a hundred other small businesses, some of which with a lot of funding? Or do you compete with 4 or 5 business, all of which are figuring it out just like you are? I'm not taking a position. In fact, my question was "is there a contrarian play to be made?" BTW, thanks for the link. Obviously, you want competitors. But as the article points out, you want to pick them well. My intention was not to suggest to enter markets without competitors. Sorry if if that's what it seemed. In my mind, there's no dumber and bigger competitor than a big industry sitting on top of a "dying business model". That's because as I point out, it's easy for the most profitable business model to change without the industry being able to acknowledge it. Seems to me that 4 or 5 competitors who are making money in a new field where there is no main player is a good spot to be in. Sometimes differentiation in a large hotly-competitive market is more hype than reality. Need a little more information. Is this a startup without any programmers who is looking for an integrated team member? Or is there already a lot of technical people on staff and you're just looking to offload some of the work? It makes a big difference. I've got to admit feeling more and more disenchanted with FaceBook and MySpace. There's a difference between addictive and useful. FaceBook is addictive, but are all those people really my friends? (Real friends are people who will help you move furniture) Isn't it a lot like the devil spawn between a phonebook and a gossiping game? LinkedIn to me seems a little more honest. It's there for business purposes. FaceBook looks just like a huge time sink. A online video game designed around human's social instincts. Hey. I'm old and probably don't get it. I like to spend my time doing things that have impact in the real world, even if it's programming or engaging in discussions. What does FaceBook do? Exist? Perhaps there is some new kind of socializing and friendship that's being created with Web 2.0. Fine. That makes sense. But the individual still has to do the cost-reward work. At the risk of being branded a heretic, I'm afraid "Do something users want" might be incomplete, at least from a consumer's standpoint. Note that I'm talking about FaceBook and MySpace exclusively. The whole "how many people can you actually physcially relate to at any one time" is a different question entirely. Discussion boards, especially good ones, seem to me to be a different animal. Apologies for using the word "hacked" -- I meant the system was hacked, not necessarily the database. Durn title was long enough already. I wasn't trying to do a Digg, honest. My point was that as sites grow in popularity, there's this huge arms race that goes on. In addition, as the internet goes everywhere, you can pay a thousand people a buck a day to do the hacking for you. It's a huge problem, and some thought has to be given to it even as a startup, imo. There's a lot of ways you can trick or "hack" Google. I can think of 2 or 3 right now that might work, and I'm sure there are others. This looks like something that involves a lot of resources. We may be seeing the beginning of a sort of economic Web war, where one side spends tens of millions to break into and use a trusted system and another side spends tens of millions to prevent it. We've seen a lot of little petty stuff with botnets and DOS attacks over the years, but it could be that the game is scaling up to a even higher level. Agreed. Look -- you can't succeed unless you're in it the whole way, but you're a person, not a robot. Unless you balance your life somehow, you won't make the race. The coder who works a 24-hour day is not necessarily any better than one who watches a movie and codes for one hour. That's the crazy thing about this business. You have to make sure your brain is as tuned up as possible. Running fast is never going to get you as far as running smart. Wow. I like this article a lot. I think it captures the essence of what we're all talking about. Having said that, it's not a one-size-fits-all kind of deal. I certainly wouldn't want my brain surgeon saying "Hey. Let's just cut this schmuck's head open and see what we get, okay? Where's that can opener?" A startup looking for user desires and aligning them with economics is a simple system. Act more and plan less to do it right. Brain surgery, creating the space shuttle code, or integrating all of GE's client software is not a simple system. Here's the kicker: some of these are complex because of the underlying nature of the problem (brain surgery) and some are complex because of the underlying nature of the _people_ (GE). Still, the end is the same. No amount of fast prototyping and "users love me" is going to fly in a complex environment. Now you might invent it and sell it to GE, but that's a different story. Simple environments mean you have to plan to answer simple questions, like "am I making something that users want?". Complex environments mean you have to plan to answer all kinds of other questions, like "How do I communicate what we're doing to 30 important stakeholders, some of whom may not like our project?" BTW, I hate complex environments. So yes, by all means make something quickly and adapt. But know when that strategy works and when it doesn't. I've always heard the brain was the most complex thing that we know about. And I've always heard that brain surgeons spend a considerable amount of time planning some operations due to the complexity involved (although I am sure not all operations). It's also not an either-or choice. Sometimes you can plan to do two weeks of work, then observe, then do it again. I think it's a mistake to view the spectrum as only having two spots, total planning and completely inductive. Learning how to mix and match is probably a better skill than blindly following either extreme, imo. I believe there are several problems with the premise of your question: 1) It assumes that the poster has described the entire problem. Due to the nature of printed material, things like background, emotions, personality, etc many times are not conveyed completely. Most questions are woefully under-detailed. Most times you are answering what you _think_ the person really asked. 2) It assumes that there is a generalization or rule that the question falls under. Things like "Do I like ice cream?" don't have any kind of generalization to have exceptions from. Not everything is quantitative. 3) It assumes that only one set of patterns can be determined from the same initial data. Many times, multiple patterns apply to the same data. 4) It's not the way people communicate. People are not logicians.When you are a kid and touch a hot stove, your mom didn't give you the formulae for thermodynamics. She probably said something like "Don't do that!" As you got older and our problems got more complicated, the stories got more elaborate. But they were always stories. This is because people naturally communicate by anecdote, something anthropologists have been observing for decades. An anecdote is always true -- but more specific theories and generalizations suffer from 1-3 above. I admire your quest for certainty. I was that way myself back when I was younger, that is, until I realized -- -yikes! I'm doing it! See what I mean? It's everywhere. As a big aviation and space junkie, this has been buggin' me for some time. I remember the astronauts on the moon (I was but a wee lad at the time) saying that in a few years, the new Space Shuttle would be hauling up cargo every week or so into earth orbit. Our new space pickup truck would mean space access for all. It was all BS. In fact, there is a long list of BS that we've heard about NASA. The problem is that, just like big IT, NASA is big space. It works under the idea that one big honking agency can do everything for everybody. And when you really look at it, NASA is all about politics and not performance, as it is with most programs run by politicians. NASA needs to do one thing: reduce cost to orbit by developing/sponsoring new high-risk technologies. If they can whack cost to orbit by a factor of a hundred, the market will take care of the rest. We won't have these political debates about whether to fix the Hubble ST because it will cost something like $100K to go up there and do it. Reducing cost to orbit just will change everything -- that is, if we can get them to do it. This is kind of like IT was in the days before Apple. To do anything, you had to have a lot of money and staff. I'm looking forward to the day when space is much more like YC and the current startup world -- anybody with a small amount of money can get into the game and play with the big boys. We should encourage that progression. We need to for our survival, imo. I'm not sure where the audience is or how they plan on keeping them. If you don't find it tasteless and instead find it amusing, it's still a one-joke kind of site. So it probably sees a traffic spike associated with publicity and then drops of a cliff. Not much of a business model, imo. Or was your question about the morality of offensive sites? Glad to source any of this material if anybody is interested. I think it depends on what you're trying to do. High speed, highly-engineered portable code for lots of people? I'd go with the C suggestion. Fewer people and wanting to work at a higher level of abstraction? Pick one of the 4GLs or 5GLs. Different languages and platforms are good at different things. For instance, there's been a lot of bad-mouthing of relational databases lately, but for some things you just can't beat 'em. You wouldn't want to use a screwdriver to pound in nails. Games don't scale up like business apps do, and collaboration plays differently than e-commerce. This one has been bugging me too. There's simply too much noise and not enough signal in most of those sites. Feedhub looks like an RSS filtering/recommendation engine. I'm not sure if that's the same thing we're talking about. Good point that the way you want to present yourself on the web isn't necessarily the way you get perceived. This is kind of like the difference between procedural and event-driven programming. We design sites as collections of "fuctions", but most of the time people just pop in from Google for one thing -- that's how we get to introduce ourselves to the world. I know I have a technology blog where I'm getting between 5 and 10K unique hits per month. When I designed it, I thought how people would come to the main page, read what it's all about, check out the topics and latest comments, maybe take a look at the feed What I'm finding is that Google is dumping all kinds of traffic onto my site due to searches for Salma Hayek, Pluto the Disney Cartoon, the Sweedish Bikini Team -- all kinds of extraneous stuff I added to mostly technology posts in an attempt to keep things light. I love ya, Google, and I love the traffic, but I never thought it would turn out this way. Thanks! BTW -- I looked around for a search button on news.yc, but heck if I can find one. If I could have, I wouldn't have duped. That's my plan. Take what you get and run with it. I mean, I'm not trying to build a commercial site or anything, but you can bet that I'll take my Google stats and act accordingly. I'm a guy who's supposed to know all about TDD (I teach organizations how to run software teams) so I hope I don't jump the shark with this comment. I just have a hard time seeing TDD in all cases. As one commenter pointed out, some systems evolve and some are specified. Evolving systems have execution units (classes, modules, etc) that can change a heckuva lot. Specified systems don't. On a specified system, you know within 80% or so what your hunks of stuff are. Now I've coded a lot of specified systems. No, you don't design every little detail, that's not what I'm saying. But if you're writing code to balance a checkbook you're not going to end up with a program to make spaghetti. In the startup world, you very well could end up somewhere in a completely different problem domain. Whatever happens, I wouldn't want the testing structure to get in the way of the best design, simply by making it so hard t do heavy refactoring. I tried to "hack" reddit a few days ago and got the message, even though I had only submitted one article! By hack, I mean that I wanted my article to appear on both "business" and the root. Well for some reason once you choose "business" you can't get that checkbox that says "submit also to reddit" to be active. Although it seems to work with "programming". So I chose programming, checked the box, then re-selected the business topic. The little checkbox stayed checked, although it was dimmed. When I hit the submit button, it gives me that "submitting too fast" message. Took about an hour to figure out that the "too fast" message must be some kind of fall-through case. Once I did not "hack" the UI, the submission went through okay. I still don't know if the UI was broken or working correctly, but the error message sure could use some improvement. (as well as the UI, imo) I could tell you what I think about your app, but that would be $250. Seriously, looks like a combination of KM and one of those bid-to-program sites. Beats me what the market is like. I like the general grid layout you have, but like others have mentioned, perhaps a little cleaning up is in order. So let's see, the question is whether or not you should spend two days doing _something_ to the code that will make your ownership of it easier to manage? Sounds like a no-brainer. Go for it. Of course, you'd better be sure you can really pull it off in a couple of days. Programmers are notorious for under-estimating these things. But in general, if you're going to be doing something for 2 months or more and you can do something up front that saves you ten percent or so -- do the math. Don't get into "always rewrite" or "never rewrite" If you can recreate what they're doing that quickly, you're not that far along the development path anyway. There's a whole different answer if they've spent 3 months plugging away at it and already have paying customers. But it doesn't sound like you are there. You know, it only takes a few people posting completely off-topic things to ruin the board for everybody. Just sayin' FWIW, I got a server timeout earlier today when I took just over 30 minutes to start on my application. It looks like it is easy to lose your cookies just under normal use. Thanks. "Save your work every 5 or ten minutes" might be a little more clear for numbskulls like me than "We recommend you save regularly by clicking on the update button at the bottom of this page. Otherwise you may lose work if we restart the server." -- Saving regularly to me just means every so often when I think about it. This may vary according to the intensity of what I'm doing. And restarting the server does not sound like a normal occurance, so the instructions were taken as more of a general warning that a specific immediate threat. After the first loss, I saved in a much more regular manner. Didn't work with my video card. Interesting that you chose Java. I haven't looked at web 3-d technologies in a while, but was the thought that VRML was too clunky or outdated for the users to like? I guess you could also create micro-videos and serve them up and cache them a la google maps, but that would require a real google-like file system. Am I the only one that finds irony in the fact that there's a newspaper article trying to make parents feel anxious about how anxious their kids are? Isn't this too much cow bell? I mean, what's next? A TV report about the number of newspaper stories that try to make people worry about things? This is cool stuff, guys. Using JSON means you can put the authentication in the HTTP request, split up the services between various platforms, proxy out the web apps to any kind of tech, and scale the page load performance in a hardware-agnostic fashion. I wrote someting a few years ago with JSON. IMO, it's way better than that old XMLHTTPRequest stuff. Done correctly, it really makes this web-as-a-platform thing sing. Very cool stuff. That, sir, is the $20 Billion-dollar question. If they do, for any serious length of time (I'm talking 20+ years), then they will have been the first to do it. Worst-case is when you get some get-rich-quick guy with dreams of gold. Domains are so cheap there is a lot of speculation in the market by average Joes looking for the next Google to make them a 7-figure offer on their property. An appraisal service can help. I don't have a lot of faith in the third-party brokers, but I've never tried them. Wile E. Coyote sure could have used this. I would form a startup that had a better idea and I would try to adapt it to make more users happy! Not trying to be a pain, just that it's a big question, and whoever makes progress in this area is going to be accomplishing something big, in my opinion. I have my ideas, which I'd like to try out in the market and not kick around on a board. Hope that's an okay answer. I'm not a "cool idea makes the business work" guy, but neither am I a "give away the store" guy either. I think there's going to be some proprietary magic going on when this nut gets cracked, much the same as when search was cracked there was a lot of behind-the-scenes magic that Google did. BTW -- thanks for the vote. Karma whores unite! :) Awesome! Color me skeptical about stopping drift, though. It'll be neat to be proven wrong. I wonder how you'd prevent the system from just emulating the editors, instead of the audience. Now with YC perhaps that's exactly how you'd like it, but for a more general purpose site I'd want more of a user-focus than an external-editor-focus. For the newer people, thank you for the link about what the appropriate topics are. I think a time or two I asked "what does this have to do with hacking?" Now that I know the larger focus, I'll be more reticent. Would you vote up for a link to a story that you violently disagreed with? Be honest now. And if you would (I _think_ I would) do you really think that's the way others are voting? I have a hard time voting anything up, mainly because I have no idea what I'm signifying. I literally have to remind myself go through the news list and comments and vote up every so often -- after I've consumed the material. It's not part of the consumption process for me at all. There have been a lot of stories on YC that I agreed with, but I thought the linked article was poor. And what about good AskYC questions that have no-so-good conversations? Would you vote up the question because it's good, or ignore it because there's nothing of value there for anybody else? This is kind of one of those seemingly pointless philosophical conversations that have a great deal of meaning once they turn into solid solutions. Do people really know which topics they are interested in? I mean, there's stuff I like, such as astronomy, philosophy, or politics, but would I want to choose a group to limit my discourse there? I like philosophy but I'd hate reading a thesis in the subject. But a little light rationalist vs. subjectivist or philosophy of science reading would be great. Except for those times I'd just like to see pictures of naked famous people. How would these sub-groups come into existence? I just can't see it being topic-based. Edited: I think my point was more that people have "favorite" topics, but it's a loose and free-flowing thing, not a rigid structure. Computers are really good at rigid definitions, while people may be amenable to all kinds of fuzziness. Perhaps my group is better defined as "people who like science, astronomy, politics, and startups" -- but that wouldn't be the topics of the articles! The topics of the articles I like could be anything. And over time, I might add or subtract the stuff I like, even without being consciously aware of it. Heck, I'm not even sure I'm able to give you a precise list of topics I'm interested in, much less self-select against a preconceived ontology. I'd like to see something like this tried instead of the yes/no button -- pick something with a little more meaning. Then at least the system has more information to present. DZone, which is linked in the article, has up and down votes that they keep track of separately. That way, they don't cancel out. Instead, you get an idea of the total positive and negative sentiment. Seems to me like we're confusing the users and the system. The users want to read the best material for them. The system only has two states: yes/no. If people are voting _knowing that their vote will influence what others read_, then they aren't working for the best interests of the users, only their own best interests. As you indicate, I don't think there's a word for that, but if there is a recommendation-consumption impedance mismatch (a gap between recommender interests and reader interests) then the system will always swing out of whack. That's true no matter how much it is weighted, because all you're doing is switching the impedance mismatch from a user-to-user scenario to a user-to-editor one. I think a lot of people have been thinking about this problem for the last year or two at least, so you're not alone! I think the key is still having a good team (I haven't been able to hookup with cofounders) and adapting the idea to the market. The idea, really, is just a place to start. Porn is like the Special Forces of startups. Special Forces were known as "force multipliers" because they can take a small army of native people and make them have a big impact. Looks like porn can take a small company and give it a huge kick in the butt. The question is whether they want to go this direction or not. I know some companies run from it at all costs. Some embrace it. It'll be interesting to see where they go with this, assuming the article is true. Hey -- a couple drinks at a bar, you get lost and instead of stuffing quarters into the jukebox you make a mistake and hook up with Robot Chick. Pretty soon you get the call that you're a proud father of a bunch of little toaster-ovens. This is going to make Jerry Springer a LOT more interesting. This is good. There is a role for randomness in every effort, but it needs to be understood. There was another article on the list today about failing a lot to succeed. Dedication and a great team will always overcome, but they will overcome only if they fail quickly and explore the chaos and randomness of the problem domain. At the risk of link-spamming, I wrote in my blog this morning about the role that divergent thinking has on social networks. http://www.whattofix.com/blog/archives/2007/10/do_you_want_m... I think Paul and others make the same point in regards to how it's better to be in the valley than in Deluth -- you can harness the randomness better there. As hackers and analytical people, we've been brought up to feel like we should take a direct path from point A to point B. But it never works like that in the real world. Good solution-based thinking is divergent, and understands and accepts that you're not following a recipe as much as you're playing a game of chance -- but playing very cleverly! So I'm got some free time this week and I've been submitting and commenting every day. PG gets a lot of votes cause, well, he's PG. Some other people don't participate a lot, but they've been on since it started. One guy might make funny comments that everybody wants to see at the top of the page. What about any of this would be indicative that giving these people more say than others would be a good thing to do? There are a lot of little "gotchas" to remember with this. For instance, each participant must have a vested stake in the outcome that is to be predicted. As long as karma expired, that'd work. You'd get a continuously-changing list of group "owners" who, by their participation and group recognition, control the content ratings of the board. It would also be good to make some allowance for the new guy, who gets 5 votes but yet his article didn't make it to the front page. Some kind of indication that it's a weighted system. Perhaps computing the weight at the time of votes, and only showing the weighted total. Here's a bit of advice: be a startup junkie and not just a YC applicant. Startup junkies sill always follow startups: participating, sharing ideas, forming teams and making things happen. Being a startup junkie isn't something that is limited to any one funding cycle or organization. If you're a real junkie, YC is just a place to hang out while you're working on your own plans, which may have nothing to do with YC in the end. YC is just a tool which may or may not be available to you. If nothing else, you can monitor the board and listen while all kinds of cool stuff happens -- there's gold in being part of those conversations. Or as the old saying goes, "I've been kicked out of better places than this one" Could be that the data is from an Atlanta group. I imagine they're not as heavily-weighted towards web startups. Out in the boonies startups are more of the consulting/product variety. I read this and liked it a lot, but I was frankly stumped when I asked myself the question "okay -- how do you take this somewhere else? Make it an engine?" I'd love to hear suggestions. I mean, custom web/product development is a great thing. You write some code with a business that you co-license the product with. So? Where am I writing a web app that I can apply to many different businesses? Where is this different than in-house promotional coding? Like I said, I love the story. Just wish I could make something useful out of it. So does being Bill Gates' cousin, winning the SuperBowl, saving a kid from a burning building, having good parents, etc. Some of this stuff is random, some of this stuff you can make happen, and some is a combination. YC is a combination. They're doing their best to figure out who to pick and you're doing your best to make your company work. Golden rule of being self-employed: NEVER focus on one opportunity or plan. Always have several things going. And be flexible about it. What's PG say their success rate is? Something like 50%? Sure -- it'd be great to be in a graduating class, but getting into YC is NOT like passing a test. You don't control it and even for the people who do control it, it's a crap shoot. It's more like bumping into some folks in the hall and chatting a bit and giving them your business card. Maybe they'll call. Maybe not. Don't get your hopes on it. How much can you really convey to somebody by bumping into them and chatting in the hall? Very cool! I thought the technology wasn't ready for all of the claims the article makes. An atmosphere? Rocky world? If they're able to do this now, imagine what it'll be like with the James Webb scope NASA is putting up in a few years. And if we ever do discover intelligent ET in our lifetime, perhaps a good way to get to know each civilization is to hook up our internets. Or then again, maybe that's an awful idea. Bonus question: Let's say you run across an alien during a walk in the woods. How could you ever tell whether the alien was friendly or not? Aliens might act friendly, right up until the time they put you in the big alien stew pot. Likewise, friendly aliens might use deadly force and extreme caution to make sure you pose no threat. Would you want to be sending "Howdy There! We're new in the block! Drop by for some free pizza!" messages to a civilization 20 light years away? Thanks. It's in my stack. I gave up sometime during the second Ender book, but I'll give this one a read. Translation for slow readers like me: disruptive marketing through technology. I think it's the "disruptive" part of it that I was missing. I'm all over that. In fact, if I understand you correctly, you just made a case for my application to YC. Because I have several dormant startup attempts, I had a lot of sizzle and flash I could have chosen to present, but instead I went with something exactly like this. "Vested interest" can include all sorts of things: money, reputation, glory, play money, prestige, etc. And there are all sorts of markets that use real money to trade predictions. They're called futures markets. That's what I thought. Although the discovery is amazing, there's a bit of over-selling in the article. It's a detection based on a wiggle that means the model says there's a world where the model says it would be mostly rocky where the model says.... I guess I can stop painting those "Welcome E.T." signs now. Gee yep. Sure enough (sheepish grin) I must have stopped reading it fairly early, because looking at the cover I don't remember any of it. I remember the first book, however -- that super guy they brought back for Ender's training and the planet and all. It's been a few years, though. Good thing I kept all the books. Apologies for the poor memory. I understood what you meant. The wobble prediction method is a lot more mature than various models of planetary formation. And the planet cannot be directly observed, only properties about it inferred from the wobble. No spectral measurements of the planet or its atmosphere were made. It'll be great when we can start making direct observations instead of doing a lot of inference. Not trying to pile on, but I'm curious to what sort of feedback "nothing in there really caught our eye" would engender. A request for YC to look more closely? I mean, at some point these are qualitative measurements. Even if you had absolute knowledge, it wouldn't make things any better. Did the reviewer have a bad burrito for lunch? Is your name Bob and the reviewer unconsciously hates all people named Bob? Was there a great application just before yours, and even though yours might be acceptable, by comparison it didn't look so good? Were you the first ones evaluated (reviewers are notorious for rejecting early applicants) I exaggerate, of course, but whatever reason you get I can guarantee won't be satisfying. I mean, you can go to the store tomorrow and pick up a huge stack of books on selling, which all boil down to "Sometimes you strike out for no reason at all. Keep trying" In a vain attempt to pump readers for money, some books give you a huge list of reasons for why you can strike out. I'm a firm believer in controlling all those factors you can -- wear the power tie, turn the temperature down in the office, sit in the proper locations in an important meeting, use body language and NLP, show instead of tell, etc. But I've never had a client say "You know Daniel, we really like your work, but gosh, those shoes are just not doing it for us". That kind of thinking is just grasping at straws. It never works that way. Look at it this way: a couple of years ago I sent a business plan into a local VC group for their paid-evaluation service (pretty good deal for them, huh?). This time, for my $200, I got back a bunch of comments. What did they tell me? That the reviewers were idiots, that's what. And how exactly could I use this information? Except to be bitter, not at all. So not knowing when it's qualitative is a pretty good thing. As for me, I'd rather save my money and get rejected for free. These guys are seriously crazy. Just to jump in here, there's also a measure of agility that is required. Having any sort of formalized system based on criteria assumes by its nature that those criteria are always going to be true. Anybody who's been watching the tech world for more than five years knows that's not true. Not to mention the issues that come up once the system is changed. If the system is changed next year, and some companies that failed under the old system would pass under the new system, wouldn't that be a huge problem? You're taking people at the top of their game, with knowledge in the industry and technology, and having them make a fine-tuned judgment call.All this for a dynamically changing business environment. If the decision is of a well-considered and thoughtful nature at all, that's going to be very hard to systematize. The more you formalize it the more you lose your special sauce. There are qualitative scorecard-type solutions, but those by nature are personal opinions and would have to remain proprietary. Hear hear. I've worked for big and little organizations too, and software is the only place I know where 3-5 guys in a basement can kick the butt of the biggest company on the planet. Some people say those days are over, but I think they're just beginning. A PET 8K. I wrote my first contract program on an Apple II about the same time, so it was a tie. We had one PET in the high school library. The other nerds and I used to fight over who could program it. There was a sign-up sheet but the rules weren't strictly enforced. One guy named Roland kept using teacher's notes to jump in line. So I wrote a program called "Kill Roland" that all the other kids loved. As I remember, little "R"s came down from the top of the screen and you maneuvered a gun to shoot them before they got to the bottom. Very simple stuff, but the game got so popular that Roland never came to the library anymore. Mission accomplished. I miss that little PET. I think I still remember the POKE statements used to control the screen. Geesh -- those brain cells should have been recycled a long time ago. Does this mean I have to tear down my PG posters and little statue I built? I remember many nights down at Radio Shack lusting over and programming the TRS-80. The technology was so new, they even had a deal -- if you wrote a program, they would publish it in a catalog they mailed to all of their users. There simply wasn't any software available! A guy I went to school with wrote some kind of shoot-the-cannon-at-the-target program and made over a thousand bucks with it. My plan is hanging out here and hooking up with a cofounder, which is where I'm lacking. If you've got a good team, you should be able to make it work wherever you are -- as long as you're co-located. First you might want to consider that you did nothing wrong. I just did kind of a recap of my startup career over on my blog at http://www.whattofix.com/blog/archives/2007/10/who_me_worry.... Perhaps tonight is the time for people to think about these things. I read a really great article that was linked from here a couple of weeks ago. I'll use a baseball metaphor to describe it. I hope you'll understand the reference. The point was that it's not hitting the home runs that matter, it's getting the times at bat. That is, if you're always swinging, and you're always learning, it's just a matter of getting enough pitches. You want to fail fast and learn from it. What I've found that sucks is that to qualify an idea, generate the site, and really get humming might take 4-8 weeks. This means you can't just try out ideas by joining a group for a couple of weeks. Ideas need to be beaten, nurtured, and planned. So if I had any criticism, I'd say "go out there and build something that works, then ask what did you do wrong". Because failing is fine, as long as you keep failing forward. Within 8-12 weeks I should know if a project is going to fly, assuming everything works okay. That's not break-even, that's just knowing the thing has wings. My pattern is to take some time to try to knock it down, then prototype, then bring in some users, then evaluate my market traction. That's just for the initial call. That's milestone A. YMMV. If I spent 2 years on every potentially good startup idea that came along I'd be 260 by now. Once you're flying, sure, give it a couple of years. I've been accused of posting this as a shameless attempt to get attention from YC. I'd like to deny this charge. In fact, it's a shameless attempt to tell the _readers_ of news.YC about all the cool stuff I've been doing. YC has nothing to do with it. What can I say? You can either talk about what you're doing next, or you can go out there and do it. :) I think you missed my point. Here we are on news.yc on the day before the big announcement. Do you have any idea how many people are poking around the site, looking for what happens? It's like having 5 minutes with 50 of the coolest people you'd like to meet. Kapiche? I mean, the article was from the heart, true, and in line with the narrative on the board. But that doesn't mean there can't be a value-added situation going on here as well. Thanks. I know the feeling. You can't just churn for the sake of churning. I think at the heart of every entrepreneur is a contrarian. I know that I'm just the type of person that if everybody else went left, I'd go right. I don't see a conflict between failing fast and going deep. That's because when I'm in the mode to qualify the work (before I spend 8 weeks on it), I try to scope it down. Am I getting into six months of development effort? If so, is that because I want to make my technology hard to reproduce? Or is it just feature bloat -- I'm putting the kitchen sink in. I know now that I'm failing fast (giving it 4-12 weeks once approved) with small timeboxes, I'm seeing a lot more progress. Chase the users, right? I don't think I'd go back to long timeboxes again, although I might very well chop off some really gnarly problems and chew on them a little bit at a time :) Looks hot. I worked with a startup when I was consulting for the Federal Reserve that did something like this. I think their name was CyberArk? I think there's going to be a huge need for secure backup with all of the home servers that are popping up. Storage has been exploding for years, and there's no end in sight. I like that a lot! Use the DNS system to outwit the stupid XMLHttpRequest sandbox. Way cool. Nice. Not that I approve. But nice. I'm a JSON person myself. Ran into too many problems with domains and XMLHttpRequest. From a security standpoint, the entire browser is broken, but that's probably a discussion for another day. Neat how you re-routed. That's kinda creeping me out. Did you write the dynamic linker and kernel, or are you, er, just enjoying them in your private time? Southeast. A few hours south of D.C. What I like about news.yc (and why I hung around and eventually decided to apply) is that by being for startups, you can find hacks in almost every field, from marketing to partnership formats to kernel hacking. And the emphasis is on the "hack" -- how to get the system to work acceptably well without a lot of screwing around. My fear is that the site will get so popular that some of the good material will get diluted. PG assures us that it's not going to happen. I wonder, though. As a side note, it's very interesting (in a lab rat kind of way) to see how the community of the site actually encourages extra submissions and fervor around YC. YC may crash and burn in the next few years, but the lesson of writing the book, setting up the site, getting the promotion, etc as a way to increase visibility and enthusiasm for the VC/Seed process will remain around for a long time, I think. 4 hours south along the mountain chain. About an hour from Blacksburg. Let's put it this way, when I tell people I'm working on a web application, it's not uncommon that they think it has something to do with spiders. :) This is one of those pieces of code that has been done a dozen different ways (probably hundreds, even). I like this implementation though. Nice and clean and short and sweet. I agree with you, but I'll play devil's advocate. Right now 3 out of 4 of the world's super cranes are in China, constructing new office towers. The Chinese are holding something like a trillion dollars that we've traded them for TVs and such. The Chinese military is building a deep-water navy, and China keeps making no-so-subtle threats against Taiwan. In addition, the Chinese have a tendency to build up a lot of nationalistic anger whenever they feel threatened, whether the threat is real or imagined. Now the kicker is exactly as you describe: they cannot scale. Their system is rotten and broken, and the only reason it's still working is that they "sold out" to capitalism, effectively creating an oligarchy just like in the bad old days. But how would an implosion occur? There's good money that says that the worse things get, the more China is going to be looking for somebody else to get into a tangle with -- what better way to keep people's attention elsewhere. The blame has to go somewhere, and it can't be the leadership. There's an easy case to be made that China could blame it's impeding implosion on lack of cheap resources, favored-trading status of Taiwan, Japanese hegemony, United States imperialism -- pick your bad guy. In a pressure cooker the steam has to go somewhere. That's the worry. Thanks! I can't vote your article up or down until I read the associated PDF, but I look forward to reading it this evening. It's definitely a topic that's important and interesting to me. I appreciate your locating it for the group. How about those sites that have the underlined key words. Let your mouse stray across one accidentally and wham! There's a little popup advertisement related to the keyword. That drives me nuts. You know, there's something to be said for a plain vanilla site that does the one thing I want it to do, and nothing more. Dang, that site was eerily accurate. I filled out a few forms, then when I got to step 6 I got this message: "If you do not change the amount you are saving, you will run out of money when you are 14." Strange thing is, I DID run out of money a lot when I was 14. It was that stupid vending machine they put in my Junior High School. (grin) Liked the site and the graphics. Found it strange that the TOS popped up when it did. Might want to check those overflow conditions. Better hush up, or somebody will throw development dollars at you. If there's one thing I know that can get funding, it's finding more and more ways to shove advertising dollars down people's throats. E-gads, man, there's a startup idea straight from heck -- using power lines to transmit advertisements to all the electrical appliances in your home. Use the toaster and have it sing an advertisement for pop-tarts. The refrigerator would remind you that Jenny Craig was having a sale this week. You electric toothbrush would remind you that your local dentist is having a sale on tooth-whitening, as well as reminding you to floss. Turn the light on in the bedroom and have the lightswitch tell you about Viagra. And you don't even want to know what the bidet is trying to sell. I think I just lost all desire for smart appliances. Agreed. I made the edit. Thanks for the call. That was too crass. Sorry. Well that was fun. Back to coding. None of my business, Paul, but you might want to contact the guy and apologize. That had to suck big time. Sure does. And when it happens to your users, you'd better be able to do some scooping real quick. But like I said, not my call. It does suck to be rejected. But there's sucks like "we spent a week with you analyzing your entire team and pulling apart opportunities and leverage you didn't know you had, but we're just going to have to pass because we don't think you'll make it" and then there's sucks like "we looked at fourteen hundred forms people filled out on our web page in the last two days and the matrices didn't line up for you guys. Hopefully you could handle either of those scenarios, but if I had to take one, the YC one is a pretty easy rejection. Heck, we even got a nice e-mail. I liked the advice, but I couldn't help feeling a little peeved by the continuing "yc news readers are a cult" thread. I mean, come on, there are obviously a lot of people who have big dreams and look at YC as an easier way of getting to them, and yes, deadlines and tests bring out the neurosis and suck-ups in people, but this talk of cult-dom ALSO has a strange narcissistic quality about it which is just as bad. If I thought the board was too cultish I wouldn't participate. Geesh -- on one side we get the hype of how great YC is, how it's all milk and goodness. On the other side there's a significant sour grapes contingent. For those who have already made it through or have an interview, congrats! For those who have not, it's not the end of the world! If this site wants to be useful to the hacker community, the board has to be, well, useful. I understand it got a little freaky over the past couple of days, but having people tell me I'm part of a cult is not a way to keep me around. I'm here for the other hackers -- YC is just the facilitator for that. Please take this as constructive, because I'm speaking from the voice of experience here. "I told by those whom I show it to, that it is an industry changing concept!" -- this phrase is a red flag for me. (Another big red flag phrase is "if we only capture x% of the market...") I've had applications like that too. I would just be careful that you base how cool your idea is on one thing: number of active users. People can say all kinds of great and wonderful things about you and your app; and they will. But it all boils down to users. If you got 'em, doesn't matter what people say one way or another. I had a guy once that spent 15 minutes telling me how great my invention was. Then I asked him to pay for it. The room got very quiet after that. Talk is cheap, that's all I'm saying. I would never judge a quality of a business model, good or bad, simply because of what somebody says about it. I'm sure you have a great application. I look forward to hearing how it goes! Make a logical case for why the idea won't work in the marketplace. If necessary, come up some criteria you both can agree to. Remember that you both have to be flexible, or the company won't fly anyway. Ah yes. Welcome to the party, dude. What I did was start with IE, make it work, then "fix" it for FF, Opera, etc. Somehow that's less fretful than the other way around. Cross-browser DOM programming will drive you to a good rant, for sure. You know, I love that rich client, cross-platform stuff. But heck, are users going to tolerate those load times? In my opinion, this guy doesn't understand what he's talking about and substitutes his experiences of bad OO for OO in general. One could make a similar argument against any language, simply by pointing out all the ways people screw it up. I see this a lot in language religion wars. In fact, languages are just tools. Some tools are better for certain things than others. A lot of coders never understand that. I thought about that. I'm not opposed to going with WAMP. It's just out of everything that's stuffed into Windows, I only need a very small subset. With an imaged LAMP, I can copy and scale very easily. I guess I'd rather have 20 boxes whose CPUs were only the doing the few things I care about than all the other stuff that goes with Windows -- patches, updates, Active Directory, Kerebos, etc. But no, I'm not ruling WAMP out. I was curious to see what kind of learning curve we're talking about moving from a windows to a LAMP environment. A couple of months ago, I downloaded a LAMP vritual appliance, but didn't have a good grasp on how to do even some very simple things. DZone (www.dzone.com) has that endless pagination thing. If you scroll the articles down, they just keep loading up. I've got to admit I'm conflicted about this issue. On one hand, what the heck is the point in making the users flip through a dozen pages? Simply to get more hits and ad revenue? On the other hand, the google-can't-index-you issue sucks. And users are used to using the back button and paginators at the bottom of the screens. I guess right now I think that pageless navigation is a "better" way, but I'm not sure the users or market has caught up with it yet. Consulting can be a rewarding experience. You have pointed out all the bad parts, and I agree. But where else can you see how so many businesses are run? Every company that is paying you to do technical work has already provided enough value to their users that they can afford to pay you. That means they must be doing something right. Learning how they provide value, how they decide to fund or de-fund IT projects, learning how it's easy to hack a small system but not so easy when you've got 12 thousand coders and a huge legacy base -- these are all lessons that you'll need to know if you want to start a business that is going to grow. Plus the money is good, no? I'm a married guy, so I feel a little better about "selling out" and doing some consulting. I've also moved up the food chain from development into strategic technology management consulting, so when I say "consulting", it's probably a little different than when you say it. It all has to do with risk profile -- how much risk are you comfortable with? You always hear these stories about founders who made it work just running on credit cards and family loans until they took off. But what happens if you don't take off? You can only max out your cards and family loans every so often. So there's short-term risk like "let's live on noodles and saltines for the next six months" and then there's long-term risk like "I'm going to go bankrupt, lose my house, and my wife is going to leave me". If you're single without a lot of commitments, go for more risk and chase your dream. But remember that even if you get your dream, life is always about compromise. But if you decide to go to some kind of hourly-rate consulting for a while, take my advice and stretch your skills some. Instead of just Java Web apps, be a team lead for project, or an architect. I think as nerd we focus on the technical aspects of a project, but there are all kinds of good business lessons in there that can help you with your startup, if you go looking for them. YMMV I've had consulting gigs that basically made me team leader of a 5-person startup team. Now how is that different than being a cofounder? I got paid more, and I was able to move on to other contracts without a lot of fuss. But most of the time, selling yourself by the hour (or day or project) sucks. You're always making somebody else's dream come true instead of your own. Having said that, money is a good thing! And over time you can get better and better at your skills. I guess there is a difference between honing your skills doing stuff for other people and honing your skills doing stuff for yourself. Sure, I'd much rather work for myself, but there's no reason to throw the baby out with the bath water. That's a really good point. If you're moving back and forth between startups and consulting, be sure you know where all o the IP landmines are. I know I have a three-page IP disclosure sheet I include with all of my consulting projects, plus I make sure that my continuing work on my startup is noted. Even then, it can get tricky. I couldn't take a consulting gig in the same industry that the startup was in unless we had a lot of legal input. And that gets expensive. The problem is that if you're writing Web 2.0 apps then really _anything_ could be considered close to anything else. Writing a 3-D chat program for E-Bayers? Any business with a web site might could use a chat program, and if you have access to their site and their plans, who's to say what parts of your ideas you're getting from them and what parts you're coming up with yourself? I'm basically a loner who likes being in a crowd when I have to do it. I find that I'm at my most productive on narrowly focused technical projects when people leave me alone, but I'm happiest and the most balanced and effective on a broad spectrum of issues when I'm "plugged in" to a larger group. Having said that, I find the transition between the two to be tough. Needs a menu bar. It might be better just to plan your product and business and begin executing right away. If the stars line up and you can apply to YC next time, go for it. But I wouldn't go planning my business around YC's schedule. Seems to me like that's backwards. YC should be an enhancer of your business opportunities, not a driver. Why don't you do a "Ask YC" post. Ask folks if they think it's okay to have a startup business where you sell plants that have psychoactive agents yet are still legal. I like to hear the discussion on that one! (Still thinking it through myself) Wow. That certainly got a lot of responses. My .02, for what it's worth. Everything we consume changes the way our bodies and minds work. Some things do it a lot and some are more subtle. I think rms belongs on YC because a) he's got a web-based business, and b) because he's interested in hacking his own body. Additionally, I wouldn't have a problem with somebody selling Ginkoba, herbal tea, meditation beads, self-hypnosis tools, etc. Having said that, it sounds very unpopular with some people. It brings up a whole political argument that's probably out of bounds for this site. It seems like it hacks your mind and body a bit more than herbal tea. And in the bigger picture of "should we tolerate people pitching us drugs" I'd have to agree that it's out of place. So it's probably one of those things, like extreme flatulence, that's best kept as quiet and far away as possible. There's a whole other discussion about the ethics of selling the stuff which I won't go into. An interesting moral question is: if you could take substances that would make you great at business and able to retire in five years, yet left you a quaking, mixed-up junkie, would it be worth it? That's a rhetorical question! I do find ironic is that somebody who is taking a form of stimulent can be so hyper and promotive of their product without realizing they sound like a habitual drug user recommending it to others. I have a soft spot for such pitches -- I know I've been in several business opportunities where I desperately wanted people to realize how much my product could help them, yet if you're ticking people off, it's probably time to tone it down a bit. It's going to be really hard to have a business in which you actively offend 15% (offend as in the villagers have torches and are storming the castle) with your marketing. Go for a venue and a message delivery mechanism that doesn't include those folks. I think the question needed to be asked and answered. Is there something off-topic about asking what sorts of Web 2.0 businesses are appropriate for the board? If he had a business selling beanie-babies online with a slick AJAX interface I don't think anyone would care. If he were selling heroin it would be a scandal. So where's the line? I think it is an interesting question as far as being appropriate. It sounds like it is obvious to you that it is not.Perhaps you know something I don't. There's also the question of what kinds of industries people feel it would be okay to support. Would anybody here write a cool new web application to buy and sell cigarettes? (Assuming it was legal, of course). How about a wine rating and shipping service? I think I would have problems with the first one and not-so-much with the second one. Would you write a web application so immersive it had negative impacts on people's lives? Ouch -- that one cuts close to home, eh? I've only been on a month or so. Like I said, you probably know something I don't. But there are also plants that continue to be approved as supplements. I know, because although I don't do any drugs at all (except alcohol and a bit of caffeine), I'm a big into supplements. Not for this board, but I wonder how the decision is made one way or the other -- what becomes an illegal substance and what is okay to use as a supplement? And how would one know ahead of time? I believe you are saying that it's okay to have product business (beanie-babies) and also that it's not okay to have a product business (his stuff). I, for one, would like to hear about web businesses that integrate product sales into lifestyles. I think it's fine to draw the line at "stuff we think might be illegal and/or bad for people" but I sure would like to talk more about product-based web applications if that's okay with everybody. I think I could do surveillance, but I would have a problem combining that with data mining. I know some guys who are doing work for Homeland Security. They don't talk much about what they do. I think "preventing another terrorist attack" sounds better than "snooping into everybody's life" -- although I'm not sure in practice there is a difference. Yeah Kant isn't the end of that discussion. And you hit the ball out of the park with your example. As you can see, I qualified it with a variant on the golden rule. I also pointed out the goal of both maxims was creating the most utilitarian value. I would argue that those bad guys -- you know the ones with the cool uniforms with leather boots and the strange salute who worshiped that guy with the mustache -- were way off base. You can argue that killing the Jews should be a universal law, but you can't argue that one bunch of people trying to kill an entire other bunch of people for subjective reasons is a good thing for society at large or is something that should be repeated. This is one of those ideas that has been floating around in the group collective. I know I was in discussions about something like this a few months ago. If you can do it, go for it. It'd be great. Yeah when I lived in the city I had two screamers follow me home from work. There's nothing like having crazy people yell at you while you walk home, unless it's being panhandled 20 times during a 15 minute walk. Or maybe all the "urban camping" that goes on. Nothing like the smell down by the bus station early in the morning... :) I was up at the top of nob hill. Great view, great city -- didn't mean to put it down. City living is just something you kinda need to get used to :) I got a great workout everyday walking back and forth to work! At least, until I wussed out and started riding the cable cars. I'd go back anytime. Great location. I started by working through the temp services. Usually they have some general-purpose programming gigs. Once I got a few projects under my belt (and did some freelance programming work in the area) I went online and started spamming all the resume sites. Then the gigs come to you. Ideally you want to move into a word-of-mouth situation, but sometimes it takes a bit to work up to that. I gave it some love. I especially like the part about "You see, most of you Haskell/Lisp/Erlang gurus are true intellectuals and are very capable. You write very well: many great 'functional-style programmers' like you have nicely written blogs filled with sacks of good thoughts and ideas. However, when I look around I rarely see any results of your work." It seems his argument is that there is some evolution at work in the marketplace. Instead of arguing the "bestness" of language X or Y, simply look around and see what is thriving and what isn't. That would be a great discussion to have here. I'd add more, but I think I'd sound like a troll. Good article. I wouldn't judge anything by how many people agree or disagree with it. I would simply acknowledge that a lot of people feel one way or the other. Why not view programmers as customers, and languages as products? Are the customers buying the products that provide them the most value? I believe your argument is that they are not. Then why? Are they dumb? Misled? Controlled by people who don't know any better? It just seems like there is some missed communication going on here. I know I'd like to see somebody who is an expert in both functional programming and some ornery imperative/OO language, like C++, make some observations. By expert, I mean several non-trivial deployed production systems in each language, not somebody who played with language A in college is now infatuated with language B. As for me, I'll pick whatever language makes my startup get to market and adapt to customer's needs the fastest. I hear PG says that's probably one of the functional languages. I'm game. I can prototype and change a web site very quickly in several other languages (with the right tools), I'm always willing to see if something else will work better. But I can certainly also make the observation that there must be a lot more functional programmers who moved to imperative programming than the other way around. Surely they all can't have done so for the reasons I've outlined above. That was good, although I'm not sure I agree with all of the analysis. Perhaps there is a difference between "language as a solution" and "language as a development platform". If you are looking for the best solution to problem X, choose the language best suited to solve the problem. If you are looking for the best development platform for problems X1..X1000, then the calculus comes out differently. Dunno. Makes sense to me. I think if you strip aside the emotional reasoning that's going on, some languages naturally fit with some people more than others. Thinking in terms of functional decomp and association is just different than thinking in terms of objects. Some people build their own "language within a language" each time they solve something. Some people just want a language that is easy to find help for on the internet. Perhaps the trick is to identify which of those paradigms best fits your long-term goals for your both you and your problem. I once interviewed a guy with a bunch of different languages on his resume. "So which do you like best?" I asked. He responded, "Java". I said, "Why's that?" He said "Because when I hit the compile button most of the time it just runs." I thought that was a good answer. Along those lines, how about giving the votes to the poster and not the article? Then you put a picture of the poster and his total number of points next to the article. That way if I'm a great poster, I'll have a huge score. But the articles would sort based on something else. I think this is shallow and thin, although I agree part of the problem is that the buyers are not the users. The bigger problem is that the buyers have already spent god-knows how much other money on dozens of software solutions that all were supposed to walk on water. Now the poor schmuck writing some simple app has to take into account leveraging all that other previous investment by the organization. Ever buy Enterprise Software? Every vendor loads that stuff up with so much junk that it's a wonder they can fit it all on a stack of DVDs. Most of them can do everything but the laundry. And for each of those purchases, there's some executive somewhere wondering "why aren't they just implementing that software we bought last year?" -- it quickly becomes a political process where nobody wins. It's not a simple users-aren't-the-buyers situation. Even if the users were the buyers, you'd still have the same situation. EDIT FOR CLARITY: That's because there is no single user with a single set of needs. Such situations rarely exist. It's more complicated than that. !@#!@!#! Is it just me, or is this one of those problems where when you fix one part of it another part comes undone? XJAX Yep Is it just me, or did none of the reasons for this decline have anything directly to do with being an American? All over the world, people want to do exactly what the guy complains about: tune in, turn on, and drop out. You can either view this as the beginning of the singularity or a sign that we're all going to turn into mostly immobile blobs of flesh wired into a continuously self-pleasuring electronic grid. Or perhaps both of those things are the same thing. As far as me, I'm optimistic that changes in society and technology will lead to great advances in human knowledge and science. I think as some generations plug into the grid other generations in other cultures will do all the heavy lifting. On the other hand, when it comes to difficult things, like space exploration or politics, I'm not so optimistic. It's hard to have a democracy when people don't know what "agriculture" is. What's hyperbole? You no comment good. You forgot: Lisp is great Why are people in big companies so dumb? Why FaceBook sux Why FaceBook rocks! Why are we talking so much about FaceBook? Google is good Google is bad Google is misunderstood How can I get Google to buy my company? I modded you up. Good point. I didn't view it as science or reporting. I felt the guy was just trying to write his weekly column. Such articles are typically mismashes of personal stories, legend, observations, opinion, etc. There is a bit of generational relativism going on (as far as opinion, not science or fact.) Are we really worse off than those generations 100 years ago that could live off the land? Probably not -- unless we need to start living off the land again. Then it would suck. We're evolving into something. I think it's interesting to speculate about what that might be. I'd take a C++ expert who also knew language X over somebody who just knew language X any day of the week. Being able to do something hard without shooting your foot off and understanding how the bits and bytes work make you better no matter what language you're using. Yes. These systems gravitate towards comparison charts and cost-per-seat discussions, when they should gravitate towards ROI discussions. But ROI is notoriously difficult to compute on large enterprise systems. And let's not forget that even if you make the buyers the users, even a really small number of users will have conflicting requests for features. You could give everybody in the organization fifty bucks to spend. That would make the buyers the users. But what would happen? Everybody would be happy that they'd solved the 3 or 4 things that were most important to them in the simplest way possible. The remaining situation would be lethal for the larger organization: loss of reporting, command-and-control, re-use of data, standardized products to train newcomers on, etc. In the end, it's a choice. You can make "solve the simple problem" programs and sell them to lots of users who will then create chaos in the organization (because they fix only the perceived immediate needs of a subset of users) or you create feature-rich, bloated software that does everything for everybody and that's hard to use (and possibly impossible to adapt) but is attractive to the larger organization. Companies have been making lots of money on both of those options. Put a different way: users in an organization have immediate, day-to-day needs that only reflect a very small part of the greater needs of the organization. So somebody has to compromise. There's no free lunch. Solving multiple, overlapping problems for thousands of users all over the world is non-trivial. Pick any solution space, and I can give you a dozen things you haven't thought about. 95% of them aren't important to one or another subset of users, and probably actually get in the way of their work. The problem is that the 95% of feature bloat isn't the same for all the users! The trick is not to deny complexity or embrace it. The trick is to make rational compromises. Start with something simple and add just enough bells and whistles to get most of what's needed done. But that's a much more painful and difficult process than just buying some big product off the shelf. I think this is one of those big wars that will go on forever. You see great products, like IM, making inroads into the Enterprise Software space. I think you could make a great go at it selling simple software that does simple stuff directly to the users, bypassing the CIO guys. But that's not going to make you a lot of friends. :) We are very close to agreement. There's hard work in picking the best and most competitive business processes, and it's going to be different for every organization. That's why "project management software" isn't the same as "software to help us plan and control building and deploying industrial power transformers in a union environment where we have high governmental reporting obligations" or some such. Companies either want to sell generic products with feature bloat all over the place, or home-grown shops try to take fragile systems and glue them together with more and more code. Either way you end up with a lot more complexity than the organization needs. But it still might not be a simple answer. And nobody wants to do the work of figuring out what the minimum amount of complexity is for each situation. (Even though there's probably more money in that than anything else) Hi Jaggu, I'm in Virginia and currently looking for a cofounder. Drop me a line if you are interested in talking some. My email is my profile. I had to mod you up for the recursion effect. Of course, the guy in this article specializes in generalizing about specialists, so that must make him very unhappy. Aaargh! I swore I would shoot the next person that said that to me. :) I'm in a similar situation in that after going it alone for a while I'm now looking for cofounders. Since I haven't succeeded (yet), I don't have a lot of good advice, save this: it's okay to fail, just don't fail the same way twice. From what I've been reading, most startups simply crawl away and die anyway. So the only risk you're looking at is 1) your startup is successful, and 2) the cofounder doesn't work out. Seems like that is a bit of a long-shot. I'm not saying the selection doesn't matter -- I think it's the critical factor. What I am saying is that you should learn what makes a good cofounder for you, and that's something you might have to iterate on a bit. Don't sit in indecision wondering what the perfect choice is. That's my plan, for what it's worth. I have in the past. Nothing wrong with 'em. Depends on what you want to do, where the market is, and how your business model is going to work. People are infatuated with the web: it's easy, it's universal, it's cheap. But everything has good things and bad things, and I could see the case for certain types of software being on the desktop. The way to make money is to make the user happy, not follow the herd. :) I wonder if it's that you have to install anything, or if it's just a "click cost" -- for every extra click you ask of the user, you lose potential customers? Kind of the same thing that we see in web sign-up forms where for every extra piece of information you ask, a huge number of potential users drop off. If they do that, then F# isn't much different than any other language. No -- I think they should leave F# to go a different path. Let folks code terse web apps and projects. Of course, since it's Ocaml, you can work and use it just like the other .NET languages. I'm just not sure why you'd want to do that. None of my business, but this guy needs to take a spritz. I know it's fun being wonderboy and all, but once you do that 2 or 3 times very well, either you graduate into something tougher and better or you're just like a stupid little dog chasing a fake rabbit around a racetrack. If I were him, I'd see if I could train a dozen startups at once, like YC. If that sounds too easy, try 20, or 40. I guess as a software architect I'm always looking for that next higher level of generalization. Once you do it a few times -- time to move on. If startups are mostly luck, then this guy sounds like a habitual gambler. If they are mostly skill, then he's stuck in a rut. Either way, I hope he's not doing the same thing ten years from now. That'd be sad. Take a spritz: have a break; stop for a minute; chill out. Any field of human endeavor has various facets to explore. Usually there is an entry position, where one becomes familiar with the terms and issues of the field an achieves some initial success. Then one moves on. The other poster pointed this out, and for some reason you guys down-modded him. I could get into a long list of people who did great in a field when they started and then matured and took the field with them. Beethoven: great pianist. Went on to become great composer. Started composing symphonies. Went deaf but still composed symphonies. Went from there to completely change music as we know it. I could add another dozen examples. Your example of J. K. Rowling doesn't fly since she considers all of the books one unit. This would be her initial success phase. Now she could continue in the field of book writing, pushing the genre (as Beethoven did with music) or she could move into a more generalized form of literature, say training, editing, or something else. She has an opportunity to redefine writing -- whether or not she could pull it off is up for grabs. I kind of doubt it. Or she could just cranking out that schlock that all of us read. It's up to her, and to say that she's somehow giving up her dream is BS: her dream should be about something big enough to keep pushing for. Being an artist and just making yourself and other people happy is a great dream! There are a lot of artists who find a comfortable niche and stay with that their whole life. But they aren't Beethovens. And they aren't innovators. Like I said, none of my business. Nothing. The world is full of people who work full-time jobs every day doing one thing and doing it well. Like I said, none of my business. The world also has a lot of people that keep pushing the envelope. Finding the underlying reason they love the thing they do and making the world a better place for it. The reason you love something is greater than the thing itself. And introspection is the key to fulfillment of potential. So you can do one thing and do it well, or you can master a field and move the world. This article struck me as a guy who made it one time, not being content that it was his skill or that he could do anything else interesting again, so going back to the well to try again. Like I said, 2 or 3 times, sure. After that you're just doing what you are used to doing, instead of the type of thing it was the first time you did it. I guess it just depends on the person. It was a very subjective comment, and I tried to prefix it as such. You should read stuff that tells you the most important stuff you don't know. So -- what do you know? Depending on that you should read different material. I liked "A Good Hard Kick in the Ass" when I read it a few years ago. I've also read many of the books in that article. The business book business is strange: seems like you can read a lot without really learning much of anything. The laws of marketing and laws of branding books are good, as is "The Innovator's Dilemma" (The sequel didn't seem as good to me for some reason). Something I've tried that might be a good gift idea is business CDs -- you can load them up in your I-pod and take them on your morning run. Hard to do that with a book. One thing to remember is the rule of 3: read at least three books attempting to solve the same problem that you are facing. Not only will it give you more perspective, different authors will connect to you in different ways, and sometimes it takes a while for the light to go on. But the main point I'm trying to make is to read based on what you need to know, instead of just randomly wandering around from one book to the next. Look. I don't mind being wrong, but I just don't think you're understanding what I'm saying. Beethoven started out as a keyboardist, sure. His father made him practice like crazy. At first he was a great performer of other people's works, not a composer. He received some acclaim as a performer and went to Vienna. At Vienna he was supposed to develop his composition skills. Hayden took him under his wing, and let's just say things didn't work out. Ignoring all his other great works (if such a thing is possible!) and concentrating on his symphonies, you can see where he started in the classical form and eventually blew the doors off of it, substituting motif development for the typical lyrical development of the time. His use of rhythm and instrumentation (including a chorus in the ninth) was completely unheard of. Music critics attending his symphonies for the first time were outraged. He was taking a field and innovating. The place he took the symphony, for instance, was somewhere the day-to-day practitioners of the time would never have went. Glad to continue the historical bantering if you find it productive. You ask for me to explain redefining writing? Sure as heck it's an ambiguous statement. That's the whole point! We can't see where the field can go because we're not practitioners at the top of our game. That's the purpose of pushing forward. It's not a question that has an answer that I can provide. Interesting that you would choose Shakespeare as writing schlock. In fact, he did write a lot of stuff that was considered pulp at the time, but not only was his works popular with the masses and sometimes low-brow, he was also cutting-edge. His use of language and meter was, once again, unheard of. I could start listing all the new phrases he came up with that are common today, like "into thin air." Geesh! He coined over 2000 new words! He started a completely new way of constructing sentences in English. Shakespeare was probably more radical than any writer since him, yet he also appealed to the masses. You don't have to choose between popular and innovative. Sorry if I represented it as such. Of course, Beethoven could have stayed with Hayden and wrote Baroque material his entire life. Shakespeare could have used the common vernacular and still been a very successful writer. There's nothing wrong with just wanting to do one thing the best you can. But doing "the best you can" to me means trying to change the world, not just plodding along in it. After all, what is search, really, except to look for things that are already inside of us? Okay. I'll admit it -- I picked up the phrase from "The Sopranos" :) This privacy/security issue to me is the most important issue of our generation -- especially with the huge datastores everybody is building. As a libertarian, I want to be completely left alone by government. If I act odd then that's my own business. In fact, eccentricity in thought and action are things we should praise, not report. I do, however, understand that there is going to have to be some uncomfortable trades to make the modern world function. A retired politician once asked, "Nobody wants to record and mine behavior, but lets assume that right now there are five guys in this country with a lethal, contagious disease that they have been trying to spread to as many people as possible. We would really need instant access to everything they've done over the past week or two, and it would be too late to try to pass some kind of law to create a database to get it. Do you collect and mine that information beforehand, preparing yourself to save millions of lives, or do you make the decision that individual privacy is more important than all those lives?" To me it's a tough and complicated issue. At the end of the day, I'm willing to put up with some degree of false positives, even if it involves my detention or arrest if it supports the greater good. False positives are always an issue with any system. The question is whether the current security system is appropriately tuned to the security threat. Does it do more harm than good? Beats me. Please. Tell us what you really feel. Stop holding back so much. :) I know it's fun to lob rhetorical hand grenades around. The nice thing about the US is that we have a system where failure is accepted. If you don't like the policies or leaders, there will always be someone along later that's more to your liking. We've done all kinds of screwed up stuff -- and all kinds of good stuff. I think it's absolutely important to point out where we're wrong, but a little perspective can be useful too. In my perfect world there would be a lot less government involvement in all of our lives. We would be armed and take care of things like terrorism ourselves right when it happened, instead of farming the responsibility for our security out to big government. But both the left and the right want to take away all of our freedoms and do all the worrying and thinking for us. So that means we turn what should be personal things like health care, personal security, property ownership, and privacy into a huge multi-generational political argument without resolution. And then people complain that the government gets it wrong! I think people are all too happy to take away somebody else's freedom for their pet cause. It's just when somebody else does it to them that they squeal the most. That's why I can only answer what freedoms I am personally willing to trade in the war on terror. I can't and won't make those decisions for other people. I can make one observation, though. As democracies are attacked by terrorism they have a tendency to get more and more restrictive. I would expect the US to follow that pattern -- it has in the past. The thing I am watching is whether those restrictions are temporary or permanent. I don't countenance too much the argument that politicians use fear to keep the war on terror machine humming along. To me that sounds a lot more paranoid than just simply acknowledging that there are people right now who are actively plotting to kill lots of Americans. It's nothing to go beserko about, just something to consider when you make decisions to vote for representatives. If attacks continue over the next few decades, voters will punish politicians who downplay the threat of terrorism. That's just political reality. I don't know, Paul. I just am not the person to sit around wringing my hands over how bad the political system is -- and I'm a political junkie :) I've consulted with large government agencies and I've seen the alliances that form between various players, congress, and various agencies. My opinion is that any cohesive group of people with a lot of time on their hands is going to try to take political power from other people. The caricature people use is Cheney and the military, but it happens all over the place. I remember back in the 80s environmental groups would go around to state legislatures, getting them to write very complex laws. Then they would hit all of the local governments, offering to consult with them so they would be in compliance with the laws they helped write! So the big old wheel just keeps turning around and around. I will agree that the structure of the system is broken. Complex systems have a tendency to spin out of control. But in general the whole thing kind of hangs together anyway. We're not out in the streets with M-16s shooting at each other. Instead we can sit in our cushy chairs enjoying all of the benefits of freedom while we craft pithy arguments to toss at one another. I remember when the economy was in the toilet during the late 70s. Carter used to get on TV and say not only did the country suck, it was pretty much all our fault. Here's hoping that form of leadership doesn't return. Heck I wouldn't want any PC nonsense. All I ask is that you consider that there are probably good reasons things are the way they are. Smart people are on both sides of these issues, and people who generalize usually do so just to have a political fight to score votes, not to try to understand. I have yet to get into an honest political discussion where at the end of the day both sides were actually pretty close. The problem is that the media wants to present everything as a fight, so people spend a lot of time sort of repeating lists of slogans back and forth. To me, that sounded like what you were doing. As the national elections get closer, I imagine people are going to get more and more emotional. I like to compare our nation as one big dysfunctional family where the welfare check only comes once every four years. "OpenSocial is built upon Google Gadget technology, so you can build a great, viral social app with little to no serving costs...." That's great. I can do all the programming work, the users can do all the work of setting up their social network, and Google can keep all of our data for us. Gee. What a deal. "...I see neither the developing catastrophe nor the smoking gun proving that human activity is to blame for most of the warming we see..." From a scientific standpoint, we shouldn't listen to one scientist any more than we should listen to a thousand of them. Science is about models and reproducible experiments. Not consensus. Since this was an op-ed and not a description of a model or an experiment, it's about opinion and politics. I believe the conclusion is that some scientists have different opinions and political views than others, right? Repeat after me: model and reproducible experiment, model and reproducible experiment. All science is provisional and must maintain falsifiability for it to be called science. Statements about how many scientists believe any thing, from phrenology to aether to gravity, is an interesting observation about the current opinions and politics of those who practice science. It is not science itself. You said you were confused about the point of the article. I believe I have explained the purpose of op-eds. Now I believe you are trying get into a discussion about global warming. My suggestion is that if you are still confused, the topic of your confusion should be "why op-eds about my pet causes bother my sensibilities" I'm afraid I do not have an answer to that question. I'm not trying to be a flip with you, it just seems your initial post was not as clear as it could have been. I'm sure there are lots of folks who would like to argue global warming with you. I am not one of them. (sigh) Yeah but I think the theory is that we're talking ten or twenty thousand bucks instead of forty million bucks. So no more sock-puppet super bowl commercials :( Never trust anybody over 30, man :) You need to get voted up. And a good way to get voted up is to say something wise or, better yet, funny. The more the better. That means it pays to be a karma karma karma comedian. That's an excellent test algorithm because of the shared memory issues. Might be better if the rays affected the environment -- say laser beams. (For some reason I have a picture of sharks with laser beams) Ray-tracing is a nice, simple problem domain -- enough to be complicated, but not too complicated. I like it. Keep bootstrapping. I wonder about scaling past that first hospital, though. Kind of a catch-22 situation -- the hospital has to be small enough to not care about having part of its records online yet large enough to support a growing business. Perhaps do a little thinking about who your customers are. Just guessing, but I would think they are people with a) not a immediately threatening problem, but one they want to see a doc about, b) have $25 or a credit card or something and are willing to use it to prevent waiting around, and c) are internet savvy. So I'd go looking for a hospital that has a lot of these folks that use their ER and see if you can't set up a partnership based on the work you are currently doing with this hospital. Better yet, get a list of 50 such hospitals and work your way down :) With a high-enough density target market, you can move to things like radio, doorhangers, or newspaper ads. The interesting question is whether or not to use SEO, because of the geographical limitations. Neat idea. I was just talking with a guy a couple of weeks ago about this exact thing, except for doctor's offices. Interesting comments! I thought I'd post again, because I wasn't so clear the first time. Let's try again. 1) You DO have competition. Almost nobody has NO competition. Competition #1 would be "do nothing". There are other competitors. 2) This has probably been done before -- many times in many venues. You should find out where and why it did/didn't work out. 3) I hear you say you want to generalize to all kinds of things: doctors, grocery stores, banks, etc. Take a pill on some of that. If this has been tried before and failed, then you're going to need to grow organically inside one vertical -- then spin out. Waiting in line at an ER is just a different problem (both business and technical) than waiting in line at a car wash or something. Learn how to sell into one market well, first. Dreams are grandeur are probably a little premature. Mind your knitting. Hope that helps some. "Barrier to entry" of a market is the cost in time and money it takes to become a possible source of a solution in a customer's mind. "Do Nothing" and "Do it yourself" are still very viable options for consumers even for competitors who have successfully managed to enter a market. Look, I'm not trying to argue with you. I've been in a spot with ideas that didn't have competitors too. First thing I was told was that there's always competition. Now you can look at it as alternatives, but if you are competing with these other alternatives in the mind of the prospect, guess what? They're your competitors. Alternatives that people have to doing your thing is called your competition, even though it might not have a logo and an office. You can split hairs and try to call it something else, but that's the way I was taught. And I don't think splitting hairs will help much. You are in competition with the status quo, with inertia, with the tried-and-true. Your main goal is to get people to try something new. As far as I know this is a well-established piece of sales and marketing knowledge. http://ezinearticles.com/?Sell-More,-Make-More-by-Knowing-Yo... http://www.businessknowhow.com/marketing/knowcomp.htm http://opinionatedmarketers.blogspot.com/2006/12/other-day-f... I think you've got a good idea. Good luck with the implementation. Yeah it's a biz term. Perhaps non-intuitive, but the point is that you have to figure out how you are getting customers, whether that is changing their mind from "option X" to your service, or changing their mind from "doing nothing" to your service. Some businesses don't bother to do that work, instead just saying "I have no competition" -- I'm sure you know that you don't want to go there. As a side note, I'm really curious as to why I was down-modded up above there. I was simply trying to share stuff I know. Don't know why it would tick anybody off. People are welcome to have different opinions, and I'd like to hear about them instead of getting down-modded. If I'm wrong, I want to know about it! (That's kinda the point of commenting to begin with) "As far as I'm concerned, if KP's comment means less money flowing into questionable startups with no business plan and a stupid name that's missing a bunch of vowels, I'm all for that" I can hear the roar out there now -- "Hey! Add some more vowels in there and crank up the business plan software!" It's funny that everybody wants you to describe your business in as quick a manner as possible, and then there's this whole subculture of buzzwords either being good or bad. "I'm a YC company" is supposed to be shorthand for one thing (supposedly good), while "We're web 2.0" was at one point hot, but now not. I know what the point of the pitch is, but after you get through your value proposition, your demo, and your growth plans, you want the other person to understand it's something web-based, interactive, and not an old-fashioned architecture. "Web 2.0" does that. This is like dating a fickle person! No matter what you do, you never get it right. So I guess you need to come up with an elevator pitch that conveys the maximum amount of useful information _without_ using well-known buzz words that have fallen out of favor. Good luck guessing which buzz words are okay or not with which person. Might as well throw darts at a dartboard. (grin) If you're in a startup, you're going to have to wear a lot of hats. Even the hats you aren't wearing, you're responsible for finding somebody else to wear. So to some degree, you're going to have to be a generalist. But do it smart. Use mentors for stuff at the fringes that you don't think you're going to keep doing over and over again, like hiring a lawyer or finding a PR firm. Specialize, but only lightly, in a few areas that have important correlations to the field your in. For programming, that would be knowing a couple of OOP languages, a couple of Functional languages, a couple of relational databases, and a couple of large datastore systems. You don't need a PhD, but you do need some practical experience in various ways of doing those things you're going to be doing a lot of. Once you learn 2 or 3 ways of doing the same thing, you'll have enough of the pattern to keep you going for a good while. Then there's just being honest with yourself. For instance, I suck at UI. So either somebody else would have to do it, or I would have to farm it out. In the technology field, approximately 80% of working knowledge changes every few years. That means that it's not a question of being a specialist or generalist, it's a question of constantly relearning. What are you relearning? Making that choice is the key to your future survival as a company. There are two types of innovation -- the knd that happens as part of being a super specialist at the forefront of some small subset of knowledge. And then there's the kind that happens when you mix various fields in an unpredictable manner. Guess which one is a better model for the types of startups we talk about on this board. Specialization is a great place to start, but you have to move from there to somewhere else to run a startup. There's an interesting question about how social networks actually work, as opposed to how we all think they should work. In reality, your real, live social network probably includes people who are really excited about things that bore or annoy the heck out of you, yet both of you self-censor to keep the network alive. There's no self-censoring on the net. People post and write just whatever they feel like. I know 8 out of the top 10 languages. Not bad. Of course, I'm also learning the language that's on the bottom of the list. Go Ocaml! Nice work. It was especially interesting to was Haskell jump out of the back of the pack to #2 when moving to a more academic crowd. I'm not sure the data has any meaning at all in the real world. In a similar vein, if you did this same exercise for presidential candidates Ron Paul is likely to look a lot better than his poll numbers show. There is a difference between what people talk about and what people do. You can only take implicit data so far. But it certainly makes for some nice graphs to add to a powerpoint deck, and I'd love to see trend information. I just got through reading an academic paper on fixing social systems. The entire paper was written along the lines of "how do we stop attacks?" In other words, if the system is broken, it must be because somebody is purposely breaking it in some way. Whether it's 500 RP supporters purposely joining reddit or 500 of the existing reddit users who happen to be rabid Paul supporters, it's a distinction without a difference. The rest of us have to put up with the behavior of reddit simply because it has the attribute "all it takes is 500 votes to get a story to the top of the frontpage" For a long time I was convinced RP supporters were purposely gaming the system. I've changed my mind in the last few months, though, after meeting and talking to some of these folks. They just are really excited, that's all, and they're already reddit, or digg, or whatever users. Another way to look at it is thus: while it's true that a small number of users constantly "run" large social sites, that's because only a small number of users give a hoot about ranking or rating articles. The rest are just apathetic. But for certain topics, like Ron Paul, or LISP, or Mac vs PC, or tax policy, or weasel juggling, a _new_ set of small users suddenly becomes very energized. The system works as long as everybody is fairly complacent. Once anything starts really motivating people, you get these swings out of whack. That's my view, for what it's worth. Perhaps "voting ring" is one way to characterize them, but I'm not sure it does justice to the situation that's really occurring. Yet wine ratings in places like Wine Spectator are always done in a blind manner. http://www.winespectatorschool.com/wineschool/Tasting_Guide Wonder how both things can be true at the same time? Perhaps the tasting methodologies are just a fancy random-number generator? Something smells fishy. Why stop there? This guy's an expert, right? .expert { font-style:oblique; text-decoration:blink; font-weight: 900; } Yeah this isn't something where a brute force attack is going to work. One of these a year, or one every six months, should be doable for most people. But definitely don't try the whole shebang at once. And I wouldn't look at it as work. More like nerd-traveling: you get to see a lot of neat and unusual things, and when you're done, you appreciate home a lot better and have a better perspective on things. Having said that, I'd be sure you solve a few non-trivial problems. Traveling is no fun if you just take pictures and don't get out and participate. In general, if you haven't tried a new way of making solutions in the last five years or more, you're sucking wind in this biz. That's advice just about _keeping up_, getting ahead is an even tougher game. I don't like Ron Paul at all, and I didn't vote pg down, but I might have. I simply disagree with the premise that it's an active conspiracy. (Instead I voted up some other posters that responded) Social sites are tyrannies of the vocal minorities (as is democracy, for that matter, but that's a longer rant). The whole idea of voting something up or down is a flawed _concept_. "Up" and "Down" have various and sundry meanings, and people are emotional animals, not rational ones. No amount of algorithm tweaking is going to make a bad concept into a good one. Having said all of that, I felt like the game was rigged for RP too for a while. Now I've come to understand that social voting is a mob-like affair, and does not have the best interests of the reader in mind. If there was one thing I could fix in the world, that would be it. There's simply too much time being wasted by all kinds of smart people reading stuff that has no value to them. (whatever the topic) Yeah that sounded bad. Sorry about that. I'm just happy I've got that many nailed. I don't think I'm going to do the other two. Instead, I'm moving down to some of the more interesting ones. Do you really think most readers have 8 languages under their belt, with real, live, production systems written in them? It would be interesting to put on an AskYC question. I don't know the answer one way or another. For some reason I kind of thought most of the readers, while super hot on the technology, were newer to the party than that. thanks Facebook: Thanks for the friends, here come the sales. It's the death knell of Facebook. They took an addictive college app and made it into a spawn of the devil and Madison Avenue. So tell me, how many times do you need to be pitched from the guy you met at the seminar last year to completely ditch Facebook and move on? I'm thinking "one" is the answer to that question. I don't think I'm looking to impress, but I'm a hotshot at heart just like every other hacker I know. My outward reason was to make sure I'm not getting run over on the information superhighway. If something like Visual Pig Latin would have come up on the list, there would have been trouble! I'm an old guy who's supposed to be able to teach this stuff -- I'd better know where the heck the market is at, that's all. Who me? A guy who wants to rule space, time, and the all of the alternate universes? Looking to impress somebody? Say it ain't so! I just can't believe it. Do you think it has legs? That is, do I really want this many commercial recommendations from people I barely know? At what point is the hassle more than the gain? I was never a huge FB fan. I guess I just don't get it. Sure I _might_ be interested in whether Sue had the hives last Friday night or not, but hearing about the coolest sports drink from the chick I met two years ago in a bar? It just seems to fall apart after it gets stretched so thin, right? Perhaps it's a question of "how much" it succeeds instead of whether it succeeds or not. A young demographic is highly cohesive and peer-pressure-sensitive, whereas an older group with far-flung contacts isn't going to be so keen on the getting pitched so much. It's going to be a learning experience to see how it plays out. Could be a massive home run, from the comments I'm seeing. So here's my take: I don't want recommendations for crap I'm not looking to buy from anybody, friends included. In fact, if you want to stay my friend, be careful how much stuff you tell me I should be buying. I'm probably a minority. I know I have a couple of friends that will email from time to time with stuff. Just today a friend emailed talking about a 45-disc James Bond DVD extravaganza. But one or two of those a week is about my limit. If I started getting even one a day from any source, I'd do a double-take. But like I said, I'm not the demographic FB is pushing for. I've always heard kids were supposed to be very anti-commercial once they moved into their 20s. But heck, for all I know we should still be riding around in buggies and chariots. I've just gotten where as soon as I see somebody trying to pitch me, whether it's a google adword, TV commercial, YouTube ad or whatnot, I cringe. It's not a positive experience for me. Why would I want my friends as part of that? I dunno. My definition: the use of stealth to deliberately attack civilians in order to affect political change. That way the firebombing of Dresden and use of the a-bomb doesn't qualify, as there was nothing stealthy about it. Likewise inadvertent civilian casualties, like the four thousand French civilians who were killed in D-day, are not counted. No doubt having a bomb kill your whole family during a large sea invasion is pretty terrifying, but it's a different concept for _society_ than somebody sneaking up to you in a market with a suicide vest on. But choose your own. Definitions are very important when talking about terrorism. Some people think everything is terrorism. For those folks, it's really hard to discuss. I really hope I didn't start a political discussion. Nothing to see here, please move along. Ah yes, the time of pain -- the time when you're back in a language you did a while back and you just know it's going to hurt for a while until your brain gets re-tuned. I think C++, for me, is the hardest to re-tune to. There's just so much stuff going on. And it's one of those languages where the code constructs themselves can lead to a lot of crazy complexity. Was that a multiple inheritance and a virtual base class, or just an interface? Do I have any friends? If not, do my parents have any friends? Are my operators overloaded? Is this a volatile method? If so, better stand back! I'm not saying to code like this, but C++ stuff, even when written well, can just get gnarly as heck. You enter this entire zone and mindset when you're there, at least I do. Some other languages, like Java, are not that tough to come back to. Looks awesome! If I wasn't trying to pick up OCaml and F# right now I'd jump on it -- one of the problems I'm facing is a lack of good texts. Would be very interested in your opinion of the book and Lisp, especially coming from a C# (like me) background. Next up: FaceBook-enabled pumps. "I'm pumping gas now. Looks like I need a quart of oil." "Be sure to buy a YooHoo Bob. 75% of your friends drink YooHoo and they will accept you more if you are absorbed into the giant YooHoo-FaceBook collective" I'd like to add ex-wives to that list, please :) FWIW, Atlanta Journal Constitution wrote the story and ran with it right after midnight, then it was picked up off the wire by the Houston Chronicle around 1 or 2. TechCrunch picked it up from AP and basically dropped the whole thing verbatim into their post. I'm sure the Journal Constitution got most of it from a press release from the company mentioned. Wonder how much value they added before putting it on the AP wire. So you're saying that even though we DID warn them, it doesn't count because there's no way the warning could have been heeded? Sounds a little self-serving. We killed a lot more Japanese civilians in conventional bombing than we ever did with the A-bomb, not that most people know that. I guess it was fine to continue killing them with one kind of bomb, but not with another? Glad to use a weasel word. It was called for. It's a tricky definition, but I'm happy with it. I'm sure that others will disagree, hence my concern at even posting it. But I'm a fan of the way language works, both in politics and user interaction, so I thought it was germane. For those wishing to engage in a good political debate (probably not me, as people have a tendency to down-mod me for days after I express political opinions as a way of "paying me back"), the use of force in wartime is a good one. There was an interesting editorial along those lines in the Wall Street Journal yesterday commemorating the death of one of the pilots that flew the A-bomb missions. You can check it out here: http://www.opinionjournal.com/columnists/bstephens/?id=11001... If your definition is "that which causes terror" then it is over-broad, including everything from chemical warfare to late night Alfred Hitchcock movies. Yes I can make up whatever definition I want, not in some effort to "get my way" in the argument, but simply as a way to disambiguate the conversation. Words with overly broad meanings lead to sloppy analysis (hence the relationship to hacking) War is not honorable at all in my opinion, and it's not a game that should be played fairly like some inter-collegiate hockey game. It's a messy and horrible business and no amount of weaseling or moralizing can make it any better. The goal, as best I can tell, is to make the other side want to stop fighting before they do the same to you. Having said all of that, it only takes one party willing to use force to make all parties use counter-force, so war is going to be with us for a long while. So it's simply not enough to throw our hands up in disgust and cast a pox on the whole affair -- we need to be intimate with it. The same way we are intimate with cancer, or terror, or death, or any number of other cruel realities in life. I'll watch my tone. But conversely, sometimes trolls are just people that disagree with you in a manner that you find uncomfortable. I will attempt to be polite and respectful, and will apologize if I'm not. That's all I can do. If you are using the Wiki article as an argument that due to international treaty terror bombing was illegal/immoral/defined as terror, etc then I disagree. As far as I know, the word "terror" was not used in the treaty and even if it was, it does not describe the same thing as what I'm describing. Once again, my definition is nothing but thin air, but it does describe a unique thing that this does not. Other treaties such as the Kellog-Briand Pact did all sorts of things, like outlaw the use of war in the furtherance of national policy: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kellogg-Briand_Pact Reviewing the pact (and several others) is a good reference for the difference between diplomacy and reality, the difference between treaties that make the populations feel better and treaties that actually accomplish something. If I remember correctly, terror bombing was conducted by all sides in WWII. The Washington Post article makes a great case for utilitarianism in warfare -- trying to see fifty years down the road and doing the thing that causes the least harm overall. Does this require a conviction that you are right and the other person wrong? Absolutely. But I can't imagine conducting a war in which both sides agree that, hey, it's all kinda relative anyway. Sort of a struggle of the apathetic. There are some deep issues here, and I'm opposed to anybody that claims to be able to handle them all in a soundbite. When I think of terrorism and western civilization, I think the best analogies are the American Civil War and the struggle on the plains with the American Indians. While I understand we have somewhat cartoonish views of both conflicts now, they have great parallels to the current situation. You're welcome to pursue various definitions of terrorism. Another overloaded fuzzy word is the word "war", which has lost all sense of meaning in the last 100 years. It's reached the point where "war on terror" could mean anything from a land invasion of Iraq to a bake sale to collect money for preventing a motorcycle convention from coming to town. You can't have any kind of discussion without first a definition of terms, as old Socrates understood. Excellent resource. Thanks. Yes you read it right. Anything you load into the browser, both in terms of size and additional http requests, is a performance hit. Obfuscation helps improve performance speed by making the variables as small as possible while avoiding name collisions. In practice this probably means a file full of one-letter variables, instead of things like elemResult Every byte that is in your Javascript that has to be downloaded to the client is another millisecond or more of response time. This is the reason why I wouldn't use huge honking JS libraries unless I was really sure I needed them (call me old-fashioned). Interestingly enough, looks like there is a case to be made for package libraries, where you download one file and it explodes into both the CSS and JS part of your app. Makes sense to me, although I've never tried it. I don't know what that reference means, but welcome to web app optimization. There are a couple of apps that can convert any HTML into their dynamic counterparts. You can also do some XML/XSLT/XHTML stuff, or you can load and pre-cache in the background, which might be your best bet. Depends on your architecture and what you are trying to accomplish. I've used all of the above. I'm sure there are lots more options. It was rhetorical. I didn't do the math. So sue me :) Paralellism is the future. That means, to some degree, functional apps. For what it's worth, I like the design a lot. Was there some kind of process you went through to get it looking like this? Did you prototype and show users, do some sketches, photoshop, etc? On the downside, a startup can only make you go broke, while a baby could turn into a serial killer and make you miserable for your entire life. On the upside, a startup can give you money and experience and set you up financially for life. A good kid is another human being that is part of your life's journey, which beats the physical and emotional peaks of being a huge startup success. Having a kid is a very average and pedestrian thing to do, while having a startup is more of a stand-out, brave thing to do. I don't know -- looks like a close call. How about marry a girl with money who won't mind raising the kids by herself while you're out pulling all nighters on the startup? By the time the kid gets old enough to do stuff with you will have beat the growing pains out of your startup anyway. In all seriousness, doing a startup is an act of ego and ambition. Having a kid is an act of love and selflessness. The motivations, time span, and payoff is so different, I don't think they're comparable. You should try having this same conversation with your wife. :) As hard as startups are, I think kids are harder. Maybe that's why people talk about their kids so much. Biological units are just more difficult to program and debug ;) The more people go on and on about how bad the economy is, the more they are self-selecting out of doing a startup. That's good for me. Startups work or don't work based on how they relate to users. The "economy" is a huge average of all kinds of things. If you're making users happy, just keep your eye on the ball. All things being equal, I would rather run a startup in a hot market where all the other competitors were depressed than the same market swimming in investment cash. Of course, there are lots of exceptions. This answer was just a generalization. YMMV. I'm sure somebody will reply with something pithy like "but if the town is on fire, should you really be trying to sell charcoal?" to which I reply, "if you have a product people want, it doesn't matter what the heck the rest of the town is doing" I'm thinking pinball. Its got enough of an addictive quality to keep you busy for a few minutes, but games usually don't last 40 hours like some video games would. Plus -- it's very physical and analog. Of course, laser tag would be awesome too, but you'd need a heckuva big office. This question doesn't have a yes/no answer. The content changes each day, as does the audience. So far, I'm here. So it works for me. So far. Ask me again in another month or two. As far as I know, this is Paul's baby, written in his language and tweaked according to his goals. He's going to tweak it to make the content match what he likes. So far, we seem to like some of the same stuff. Hopefully that pattern will continue. I think more provocative and deeper issues are great. Only problem is: how do you do provocative/interesting when you have a system where people vote you up or down based on how much they like what you are saying? If this were pre-copernicus Europe and we were discussing astronomy, some of the most interesting (and as it turned out later, easily verified) ideas would be voted through the floor. Neat discussions about neat topics turn into popularity contests and mob rule, even with a generally neat audience like this. Perhaps sticking your neck out and taking a position which is uncomfortable and posting and engaging in provocative subjects requires a level of trust that doesn't exist in up-down social sites? It seems the format encourages being interesting and challenging, but only up to a point. I think lots of people confuse being snarky and asinine with having something interesting to say. So count me in on the more deep questions -- as soon as we don't start voting people up or down based on which clique they are in and instead vote them up or down based on how interesting and thoughtful their comments and articles are. I remain skeptical that's going to happen anytime soon. How about going from up/down arrows to a dropdown with positive and negative attributes? That would at least start telling you something about what the raters were thinking, and might lead to some more interesting insights. You are spot on with that observation. Somebody says "religion" and everybody runs to their corners ready for an argument instead of a discussion. Same goes for "discovery", "soul", or "justice." I spent about 20 minutes retyping my comment above because of the issues around definitions. The thing is -- everybody wants to argue what the world is based on their definitions, but nobody wants to take the time to compare notes about just what the heck the other guy is talking about. I've been in some really good net discussions -- discussions that changed my mind about some closely held beliefs. But you first have to get beyond all the pre-defined BS and canned political arguments people learn to a place where everybody is on the same page and thinking for themselves. Otherwise it's just a waste of time: nothing happens except people posturing and talking past each other. I wouldn't want the board to devolve into that. The press loves two kinds of stories: 1) underdog does cool stuff, and 2) big fat corp stumbles Google may be ending its period of #1 stories and starting a new period of #2 stories. At the end of the article, the writer made some kind of slur to the effect of "since they were only looking for lawyers on a contingency basis, they must have a weak case" To me that sounded like a cheap shot, probably delivered on background over the phone from a Google source. (I have no idea the merits of the case or of this particular story) You should always switch. There's a long story why. This one drove me nuts the first time somebody told it to me. I finally decided never to appear on Let's Make a Deal. Dang goats. makesLotsOfMoney = true; isConfidentInAbilities = true; function AmINerd() { if (isConfidentInabilities && makesLotsOfMoney) { return true; } else { throw nullSenseOfHumorException; } } Really? I haven't kept up with the guy. Does he make endorsements of various parties and candidates? Is he a prominent member of some political party or a spokesman for one? I'd like to recommend aviation in general. Nothing like aerobatics or instrument approaches to clear the mind. If it's just undervalued tech, and not "what's the most powerful tech that's obscure" I'd say it's the PNG file format. Lossless, greater color-depth, and alpha-blending: PNG would make the most difference on the most number of average people's web pages if they used it. Some of this other stuff is a lot more powerful, but it doesn't get my vote for undervalued because I think the audience is anybody who is creating a web page, not just tech guys. There are some open-source heap managers out there. It might be interesting to replace malloc with one of those and see if they don't do a better job of keeping the heap defragmented. Quite honestly, its a problem that's been done before. I sure hope they don't go reinventing the wheel. I like doing complex things that require your full attention or you die. Stuff like rock-climbing (although I'm too out of shape to do that) Strenuous hiking is great -- wish I did more of it. The trick is that if you have an analytical and goal-intensive mind, like I suppose many of us do, you may have to try some unusual things to beat it into neutral gear. I've found that even out of shape old farts like me can get the same results by simply raising your pulse to about 80-90% of max for an hour or so. If you do this using smart exercise equipment, it does all the work of figuring out how hard you should be working. Somewhere around minute 20 or so I find myself relaxing mentally, although the physical part is a little painful. Your mind begins to wander. At this point, once you're used to it, you can easily slip into a very meditative state. Focus on a point, recite a mantra, relax your mind. This reminds me of the same feeling I had when I ran, except you don't get the great feeling of being outdoors. On the good side, you don't have to worry about dogs, traffic, or slippery roads. Best thing about all of that is that you get a great endorphin rush when you're done for the next few hours. My problem is that I'm always trying to hack my way out of relaxing -- using less time, gulping a Red Bull instead of doing my workout, etc. I'm slowly learning that this isn't something you can take shortcuts with, but it's a lesson I have a hard time with. I guess my mindset is that if you can make a computer do something really cool in ten minutes you should be able to hack your body-mind the same way, but it doesn't work like that. Do you have some kind of subject area around which you'd like to do a startup? If so, find work where you can meet people with problems in that subject area. If you want to do consumer-based software, work somewhere where you can hear a lot about what consumers want in software -- perhaps a Best Buy? If you want to do medical-based software, find a job helping install computer systems for doctors. For large subject areas, there are all sorts of entry-level jobs. I've found that the more people I meet with and interact with, the more I think up solutions for those people. So if possible, surround yourself with your future market. Best book for a gifted existential crisis? "Man's search for meaning." I wish I had read it as a teenager. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man%27s_Search_for_Meaning You don't think Frankl tackles head-on the meaning of existence? I mean, he's the father of logotherapy, which, as Wiki describes it, is "a type of Existential Analysis that focuses on a 'will to meaning' as opposed to Adler's Nietzschian doctrine of 'will to power' or Freud's of 'will to pleasure;'." Can't get much more specific about dealing with existential crises than that, right? First college? Systems Analysis. I dropped out after one year because it seemed like total crap. I had a C average. Second college? Business Administration. I dopped out after one year because I was getting a divorce. I had a 4.0 average. I felt awful about lacking a college degree -- until managing my first PhD. He was an idiot. The second and third were worse. Really smart guys with an awful attitude. Ever since then -- I keep asking myself what the point would be to go back? College was fun. I learned to play games by arbitrary rules some jerk set up. I would much rather learn all the time than play games. Wonder why they are building a deep water navy and starting up this cold war kind of gamesmanship? I don't see them in a lot of peacekeeping or international aide missions. They certainly make a lot of threats towards Taiwan, though. Somebody should do an Ask PG for this. The line breaks in the comments drive me nuts. Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't. Sometimes you can start with them working and then they're not working again. "Initially, it was easy to dismiss this widget economy as a microcosm for another Web bubble. ... But in reality, analysts say widget makers are not only creating innovative, user-friendly products, they're also making a bunch of money--real money--from ads." Let's see, 7000 applications for FaceBook, and over 100 are added each day? I'll just pull a number out of the air and say that only the top 100 or so are profitable to some interesting degree (and if I remember correctly, that's being generous.) Assuming all applications are equal, that's like a 1-in-70 chance of making money. And even if you do kick-off a hugely successful application inside of FaceBook, the goal is what? That you've got a great solution to users and can now spread to other solution areas? Or that you're just another reason for users to use FaceBook? I must be missing it. For what it's worth, there's already a bunch of guys who are supposed to be doing that. I believe there is a national CIO and a national organization of federal CIOs. I guess it couldn't hurt to have one more, though. I work with big organizations doing big software development (one of the reasons I hang out here is that not only am I a startup junkie, there's something really weird that happens when you scale software development past 6 or 7 guys) As part of that, I try to keep part of my head in government software development, which is like a world unto itself. I have worked with a couple of agency CIOs, so I've heard of the larger CIO structure that they are part of. There is a lot of CIO-type stuff that was started, ironically, by the Bush administration when they came in. Stuff like balanced scorecards and a national Enterprise Architecture group. As you can imagine, there's a huge push for security, but there are also some really wild System-of-Systems stuff going on. Drop me an email and I can hook you up with more resources if you are interested. People are motivated by one of two things: pleasure or fear. I enjoy learning random stuff, but I plow through difficult computer-related stuff for one reason: it's a fast-paced, cutthroat competitive world out there. I need every little bit of advantage I can scrape up. I like it like that, but I imagine most folks would find that belief to be very uncomfortable. So I guess the enemy of self-directed learning is contentment? Not me. I've been meaning to turn on that noprocast option, but never really got around to it. Seems like now my indecision is paying off! Lameness as virtue! (evil laugh) There's a lots of answers to your question, John. I'll try giving you a couple. One -- I might want my data to live in multiple places. For instance, I had an app I wrote recently that could persist its data to and from three places -- SQL, a funky XML format, and a private file format. That's too much read/write crap to pollute my app with. Two -- I might want my data to live in multiple versions. If you've got multiple versions of your data format out there, such as if you were Quicken or something, you want to change/modify the data code in one spot, not all over the place. Three -- the job of writing the UI is different than the job of knowing about data. Whether it's one box or ten thousand, one table or five, why should I care/know where the data lives? I'm writing the UI for goodness sakes. Just make the stupid stuff go away and come back when I need it. One well-constructed data tier should be able to service a hundred UI developers. When coding imperatively and using a "short-cut" data access paradigm like RoR or CodeSmith and NetTiers (my favorite), the temptation is to start thinking well gee, if every table is an object, what's the point? Why not just hit the database directly? The answer is that you're coding just using a big shortcut -- it ain't going to work all the time like that. You have to know why the shortcut works and why it doesn't work. The guy in question neither has a good image or a bad image in my mind, so the post didn't hurt or help him one way or another in my eyes. I'm not much on cults of personality. But I can certainly understand where somebody has a public image that can be damaged by some random poster, so I'm with pg to some extent. I think a better question would be about this whole hero worship idea in general. Guys like Woz are great hackers, no doubt about it. But are they really worth the elevated platform many of us put them on? I don't think so. I don't read pg essays because hey, it's another pg essay! I read some of them because they were helpful. So I can understand the frustration many people feel when it looks like they are being sold on reading blog material simply because of the hype surrounding somebody's name. Quite frankly, I find that useless to me personally. So make the comment about _that_, and not some particular person. The interesting undercurrent in this discussion is that the technical world is very much a reputation, name-dropping, hero worship kind of place. As much as we all understand the importance of finding and servicing users in our startups, let's be honest: teams are going to get rewarded by both the investment community and the marketplace based on PR factors. That makes an attack like this one even worse, cause it hits somebody right in the pocketbook. Dave Brubeck, Time Out http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_Out_ (album) Didn't notice it. Is anybody of the opinion that these questions are somehow immoral? Like: how old are you? Got any kids? Live nearby? How tall are you? Some of these are obviously too intrusive, like what's your religion. But heck, most of this is stuff we'd ask each other over drinks at a mixer anyway. With the hiring laws the way they are, it is no wonder that HR folks have gotten the reputation as conniving. It's a job I would never want to have in a million years. The Best Solution for what? Client side mashups? Greenfield development? Mixed-platform interop? Speed and threading? Flexibility with changing requirements? Not trying to be a jerk, it's just a complicated question. I guess you mean greenfield web applications? Even then I'd have to ask things like how heavy you were client-side, what languages you knew -- most importantly, where's all the data? If you're delivering data basically from the server to the client and back, does most of the processing take place on the client or the server? Some MVC paradigms are crazy to push into Javascript. Some are crazy to use for simple projects. Lately for Web 2.0 Applications, I'm using a framework that has a lightweight MVC (very lightweight!) in Javascript and pulls information using JSON from various sources. But I wrote it myself, so I'm biased. MVC is a paradigm that can be applied a lot of ways, in a lot of situations. Most frameworks emphasize the controller, when the model is really what you're after. Your controller classes can "dumb down" in many scenarios to be so lightweight as to not require a separate class. Hard to do that with a pre-canned framework. I guess I would be extremely careful in confusing the framework with the architectural conceit it uses -- two different concepts. At the risk of sounding like an old prude, I'm not crazy about dragging somebody out by name and then everybody gathering around and critiquing his life. Seems a little perverse to me. Perhaps asking about his work, the general lifestyle, or his theories might be a little more fertile ground? Instead of asking opinions about the man himself. I mean really, who the heck really knows Wolfram here? He's just some guy we read about in the media. Having said that, I'm glad to offer positive feedback about what I know about him. I can certainly admit that I envy his lifestyle of setting up a company and then pursuing science with the resources available. I'm a big fan of NKS and the computational universe. But heck if I can understand it all. I admire it the way I would a great painting -- it's obviously the work of a master, and whether it's expressionist or impressionistic I have no idea. He's a interesting and unusual person. It'd be cool to have a beer with him and discuss The Matrix. I modded you up. There probably is a great little startup idea in taking famous people and trashing them in new and interesting ways. Not sure if it fits the board, but then again, you didn't ask about the startup potential originally. Great follow-up comment. I'm going to go out and swim in the deep water with this comment, but I didn't care for the article that much. All science is provisional, this much is true. Math, however, is a formal symbolic system for representing things in reality. 2 + 2 = 4 not because of some inner truth in math but because when we observe nature and combine 2 things and 2 things we have what we call 4 things. We could change the symbols around all day and they would still work. So math is just a generic way of talking about that which we can observe. The interesting thing happens when our symbolic system escapes that which can be observed, or when it is incomplete, say in the case of negative numbers (then rational, the imaginary, then irrational, etc.) At this point the exercise becomes one of either bringing the system of symbols to some application that has observable impact (applied physics) or changing the symbolic tools. There's nothing Bayesain about 2+2=4 -- that's the way the symbols are supposed to work. Now whenever we get "stuck" we have to go back and check out symbolic systems. Just like geeks build O/S as a hobby or college experiment, I imagine physics and mathematicians build calculi, or systems of symbols and rules for working with them. Wolfram came up with a great question in NKS -- what if the universe is really discrete and not continuous? In other words, when Newton created the integral he might have taken math down a path that ends up breaking when you try to put a GUT together. I think that's a helluva question, but it's above my pay grade. There was a book George Gamov wrote: 1-2-3-Infinity about the way various counting systems and numbers play together. Go read it -- it's better than this blog article. I did not come to any decision about that's the way the symbols are supposed to work -- that's my whole point. The symbols represent the way it works. They are a self-referencing representation. There's no decision involved here at all. You can call it an axiom, but that misses the point. An "axiom" only has meaning inside certain formal symbolic systems. It. Just. Is. It exists. Different people with different numbers and operators? They'd be asking why %^ $% $#^ #$$%, for instance. But it's the same thing. The answer is in the question. It's like asking "Why is red a color?" I didn't mean to imply Wolfram came up with computational reality, I simply mentioned that he brought it up in his book. It may turn out the integral was just a nifty little shortcut that took a lot of impossible-to-calculate math off the table for physicists. Thanks for letting me clarify that. Me too. Once I realized that voting up was the best way to keep track of stuff I might want to come back to, I used it for that, even though that means voting up stuff only I would care about and not voting up stuff that might be useful to the larger audience. Comment voting is a little more interesting. I vote up comments I think reflect an interesting point to the discussion, even if I disagree. But I know that lots of people vote comments up or down solely on a basis of whether the comment agrees with their pre-conceived notion of reality. Nor is it identical. That's the problem. I'm not sure if this was meant to be humorous or not, but it's certainly provocative. So I voted it up. I have no idea whether we can discuss mideast peace on the board in terms of hacking, but it is interesting to see it tried. I've talked about this subject a lot on the boards. It's one of those emotionally-charged issues where it can degenerate quickly. But it's also a fascinating look into how people act to one another, and what values are important to a society. Definitely not hacking/startup related -- but interesting. Not me, but one of the bloggers I follow has been hacking away at it http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/FractalsOfChange/~3/179825426... I agree. We need to make sure the difference is noted. Having said that, there hasn't been a lot of states that allowed members to kidnap across the border or to shoot rockets into their neighboring states. There have been some unusual political coalitions that got elected to state governments, but I don't think any were as extreme as Hamas getting elected in Gaza. Of course, I'm probably forgetting something. E-gads! Karma slut! :) Actually America was basically a hack of ideas that Locke, Mill, and a few other guys had. Politics is all about hacking -- except you've got political theory instead of computer languages and commerce instead of sales. The interesting thing is that there are only so many political startups every century. Just like in our world, most of them don't make it. I'll jump into the flames -- what the heck. The problem isn't ASP.NET: it's probably the way you were taught how to use it. The Microsoft tools do so much crap that it's like being put into a room full of levers and knobs with cryptic labels on them. Hard to know where to start or how to make things work. Sit down with somebody who is using one of the automated DALs (like NetTiers, NHibernate, CSLA, etc) and knows what the heck they are doing. You'll find it very intuitive and the speed of development can keep pace (or surpass, depending on the domain) any other kind of web development. Now for the BUT part. BUT you have to be doing straight-forward business development. Stuff in the middle of the road. Writing a check. Checking your email. Posting a message.Viewing your box scores. Etc. If you want something like an animated dancing baby that does different dances depending on your current stock portfolio and can sing out your RSS feeds in different languages, you're back to basics, and all that abstraction is going to get in your way big time. Also, if you want to scale up to 100K users quickly you're going to be learning a lot more about tweaking IIS and ASP.NET than you probably wanted. But for a lot of stuff, it's just fine. Not everybody is writing the next YouTube, and you can't beat the libraries available to you over on the "dark" side.(grin) So the use of standard abstractions and conventions in something like a DAL show a lack of what, exactly? Most ASP.NET training sucks. Does that say it any better? It's not a matter of the lanugage or the platform, it's that the instruction and tools are lame. Certainly that isn't true for any platform, is it? My lawyer says I'm forced to notify you that I own the rights to the dancing-baby-stock-singing-RSS-multilingual device. Of course, you're free to use a chicken. Me neither. I must have booted up Big Endian again. I hate it when I do that. Take two programmers who are novices. Throw them into any two languages. If we use an automated DAL and a mentor-apprentice training paradigm in both languages, I can have the ASP.NET guy up and running and more productive faster than the other guy. for writing average run-of-the-mill web apps I'm hoping I'm not getting into a flame war -- not my intent. Here's the problem with what you said -- the word "code". It's not defined. In any kind of large environment, my application uses all kinds of compiled code. So what if I push a button or flick a switch to use another hunk of code that I don't have to write or test? Is using System.Io somehow "better" than say, having an automated macro that generates IO based on some user preference? Yes -- I would agree that if I have to write and maintain a large amount of code to do easy stuff we've got a problem somewhere. But if my platform is powerful enough to allow me to use multiple Data Access paradigms without any work on my part? Who cares if when I flip the switch the code is generated and compiled or if it was generated and compiled last week or last year? Take a look at something like CodeSmith. Here's a tool that uses .NET to write programs for .NET. Now yes, you can generate a lot of code that way -- if you want to look at it like that. You can also go and get open source libraries and templates that will generate tested, proven, full-featured libraries based on your particular situation. Isn't that a much better thing than simply having one paradigm that everybody has to shoe-horn their work into? "That is my stupid way of saying, who gives a crap how long stupid ASP.NET guy takes to get productive? In the long run, inevitably, someone else will be better." I liked it better with the forumlas. (grin) Seriously -- that's a good point. But I don't think it is language-dependent. Might be. I don't know. From what I've seen languages and platforms are just new and interesting ways for programmers to shoot themselves in the foot. Good programming remains the same now as it was decades ago. That is, unless somebody has started using the force and I don't know about it. "There's a wide gap between where ASP.NET's usefulness ends and where the really fancy stuff begins." -- yes. This is the frustration of ASP.NET programming _without_ the underlying HTML/JS/CSS/XML knowledge. It's like you can almost do everything you want, but not quite. The grid control, as you mention, does some totally sweet stuff right out of the box. But want subtotals? Time to learn about the IIS HTTP Pipeline. It all boils down to what you are doing. Lots of shops can have 3 or 4 coders doing the mainline stuff and 1 guy who can do the tricky stuff. It's an effective use of lower-skilled programming resources. I'd have to disagree with you on the libraries. While I'm sure there are some good libraries out there, when I'm plugged into VS I've got some kazillion or so things I can do without having to Google, link, recompile, or do squat. And I can easily make libraries to share with others. It depends on your needs. Since MS does a little bit of everything for everybody, the libraries are probably the broadest that are easily available. I've had a lot of bad experiece with Code Generation as well. What I think I see happening over the past few years is a lot of authors and researchers developing code generation templates as part of their work. So instead of the guy who's got the book telling you to make 7-tier, multi-phasic, distributed apps, you got the guy, a website, a following, and a set of templates and wizards that make this thing for you. I'm not crazy about that at all, but I think it is having the effect of evolving the code generation community. I'm seeing a lot more people who want to "program the programming" Most, of course, create monsters. But it only takes one good set of easily-used and rock-solid templates to create real value for everybody. So in the old days, there was 5-10 CASE tools and they all sucked, now there's more like 500 template authors, and 10-15 are pretty good. In my opinion, that's a good trend, but the genre of "code generation" still has a well-deserved negative connotation. Please. Keep down-modding me on this thread. Show me how you really feel! (laughing) By voting me down you can show your disagreement without actually having to participate in the discussion. Nice slogan, but fails when put to the test. C#/C++ = both OOP languages, semi-color delimited, mostly early binding, strong typing, etc. Java and JavaScript are not anywhere near as close. OOP vs prototypes, loose typing vs. strong typing, closure-functional style vs imperative style, etc. Everybody knows that Java is just C++ with the sharp edges taken off. C# is Microsoft's Java-killer. C# and C++ are directly related to each other. It's the same lineage. Where do you think you get the idea of constructors, interfaces, friends, volatile methods, etc? I understand that C# is managed, but how the runtime handles memory allocation to me just isn't the deal-killer you're making it out to be. There's lot's of ways to have managed C++ code. Third-parties have been making smart memory managers for C++ for as long as I can remember. Look -- I love C++. It's my favorite language of all, not that I'd code anything in it anymore. I've done Java, I've done Javascript (a lot of it), and I've done a lot of C#. I know the languages. C# is much closer to C++ than Java is to Javascript. You made a cute comment. I called bs on you. Get over it. Best way to get out of a hole is to stop digging. You a big fan of herbal teas? (Just kidding!) Inside joke. RMS is another poster on the board. Amichail you have missed your calling -- you shouldda been a hacker version of Jerry Springer. "Live! This afternoon! Gay Midget Nun LISP programmers and the System Administrators they love" Here's a better follow-up question: if Google currently analyzes emails to determine what advertisements to place, and it can be shown that similar email processing could prevent suicides, is Google liable for not either providing the service or notifying people that the service is not included? It could be worse. It could be Microsoft, and that little animated paperclip pops out. "Hey! Looks like someone is wanting to commit suicide today! Have you written your suicide note yet? Studies show that suicide notes written using AllIsLost letter creating software are 22% more poignant! Thought about creating an online will? How about some overseas prescriptions at really low prices? Did you know that the nearest gun store is 7 miles NE of your location. Like directions? There's a Taco Bell on your way in case you're hungry. I'll just keep chatting down here until you finally off yourself." I have been looking around for partners for the last few months and ran across something very interesting. Three guys, on three different occasions, said they wanted to go linux or nothing. Note that all of these conversations had nothing to do with the question of whether the business was viable or whether it could turn a profit. On a couple of occasions, we had some really good chemistry and the plan was looking hot. But they were convinced that ANY business idea that ran on .NET was a bad one. I've never had somebody say it had to be .NET or nothing. I'm not sure what that means, but there it is. It doesn't make much sense to me from a business standpoint. Sorry. My patent claims include all animals with an even number of letters. Also things that rhyme with "slink" Hey this is the modern world. We don't expect to take personal risk for anything. If there is any death at all from doing something, there's somebody out there who wants to take away our freedoms to do it in the name of "safety". This is just the logical continuation of that trend (which has been going on for many decades, I might add) Use keywords. In my experience tech resumes should run a lot longer than normal resumes. First of all, 99% of the time they're being read by machines, not people. Put a bulleted list of "why should I care about you" items at the top of the first page for the humans to consume. The rest of the stuff, at least initially, is machine food. If they like you, you can both talk about the rest of it during the interview. Of course its totally different scenario if you're doing something like a resume to present to VCs or something. A resume is a sales tool. You have to know the audience. Unfortunately, for places like monster, dice, and such, the audience is a machine. That means keywords pay off. The original comment was: "C#/C++" is about as valid as "Java/JavaScript" It was a really bad analogy. I believe I have made my point that C# is a lot closer to C++ than Java is to Javascript. Thanks for joining in, though. I take it you stand by your comment that I "clearly have not used both languages" As for rambling, one does what one can. Is this going to be a new trend? In this case the group used the site to create a group to protest the site! Is it just "shakedown" politics redux for the web? So your premise is that there is a race to own all of my friendships, and FaceBook can be the source of truth for that? I understand the premise, but I'm not drinking the coolaid. I have all kinds of friends -- personal friends, professional friends, friends from school, friends from work. I don't want to be mixing those guys up inside of one big FaceBook bag-o-social-goodness. Right now my FaceBook friends are people who contacted me on FaceBook and wanted to link up. That's fine. But I don't go looking for others, and these same folks will be using some other app five years from now and they'll be inviting me to join it. I know, because I've been through several generations of this: classmates.com, MySpace, ICQ, AIM, GMail, etc. Everybody wants to make viral apps, which means everybody is constantly infecting each other and soon there's a new prominent infection going round. Won't be long until somebody out-FaceBooks FaceBook. I'm waiting for the movie If you're talking nuts and bolts coding, and if you read one book about what makes quality imperative code, read Code Complete. In my experience, when people read it, they change the way they program in profound (and good) ways. http://www.cc2e.com/ http://www.amazon.com/Complete-Microsoft-Programming-Steve-M... This is a great presentation including small samples of Javascript showing off all the cool parts. (I'm adding this comment to catch folks that might have missed the article post but are reading the new comments page) It's a cool resource for folks wanting to do a quick check of their JavaScript programming chops. "obsessing over a few bits of code duplication..." Applying good coupling and cohesion principles is not obsessing. It's as much legitimate programming as writing an equality test. I have to disagree with #6. You can either write code for the compiler or the human. I prefer to write it for the human, because a lot of times the compiler understands exactly what's going on, but I'm pretty clueless when I come back after only a few days. I think you meant not understanding how the language works so using a lot of extra commands when one would do. However it's common to "dumb down" your code, especially if it is tricky, for the poor schmuck that has to maintain it. Remember -- writing code should not be like writing a mystery novel. Thanks. That was a good link. I have bookmarked it. It's much more explanatory, though. I believe the intent of the main linked article is a presentation giving more of a tour to what is possible. The author makes clear at the end that the reader might not get it all -- it's just an overview. I didn't find much difference in terms of metaprogramming, however. Were there any concepts in your article that weren't mentioned in the first one? I might have missed it. I'd use the presentation as a way of glossing over the high points, and then refer somebody to your link as a way of figuring out how it all works. I'll know it when I maintain it. Agreed. Cue the blame-the-programmer-for-not-being-smart-enough comments. Guys. The goal isn't to provide the "perfect" code that somehow those poor average schmucks just can't understand. The goal is to provide the dumbest, easiest-to-follow narrative of how the computer is going to solve the problem for the user so that the next guy is able to understand it. Great article that completely blows the conclusion. Small teams are great for any-sized project with concrete, defined goals -- even if those goals are changing. Problem: any software project that's been around in a large company longer than a year has multiple, conflicting goals. No amount of software productivity is going to enable business clarity. So in the natural course of business growth the business will generate software groups that focus on creating repeatable software projects. That's because the only rational response to the accusation of "you software people can't develop code" is to show how you are able to create any kind of solution the business guys want. It simply becomes a different set of goals. When you're small and hungry, you have clarity of mind -- you can't afford otherwise. When you're big and busy, software becomes part of a more political corporate culture. I'd love to work on a small startup and make wonderful programs that change to world too. That's why I'm here. But I'm not naive enough to think that there aren't good reasons why large-scale software is in the state it is. It's not something some kind of simple slogan can describe or fix. I'm trying to find some point of agreement with you. I think from your comment, we can agree that there are two scenarios to consider: when the programmer is in control of the product and when the schedule is in control of the product. "Programming is not always so time-and-performance-sensitive, but it's not time-insensitive either." Here's the deal: when you stop your design process and kick the compiler up and start coding, you haven't stopped your design work at all, you've simply switched from top-down to bottom-up design. Every line of code you write is a validation/denial of the assumptions and planning you're supposed to do before you start. If you're not refactoring aggressively as you go along, you're not taking the chance to see where your code is supposed to be going: you're simply trying as hard as you can to get to point B from point A. It's like driving a car from one side of the field to the other by letting go of the steering wheel and hoping it gets there okay. Most of the time you make it to the other side just fine, but you have zero control over where on the other side you're going to end up. To me, that's hacking, and I mean in a bad way. I've been known to hack like a freaking electric weed-eater, trust me! But that's when something else is out of whack on the project. It's a sign that there are serious problems. When you're doing it right, your code is constantly evolving as you refactor to the point where changes become less and less of an issue. So good programming means you spend all the time necessary to refactor with the knowledge that you'll going to make it back in spades later on. It's like when playing rummy, and you decide to pick up a huge stack of cards. At first, it seems like a crazy move, but if you know how to play the game, you realize that the only way to win is to constantly redefine the problem domain of what you have in your hand. Hacking doesn't get you that -- it just gets you to point B no matter what. It may not be the sign of poor programmer, but it's definitely a red light that something is out of whack somewhere. My opinion only. Your mileage may vary. Do not attempt to drive heavy machinery after reading my comments. Consult a physician before beginning a regimen of refactoring. Etc. I was just trying to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving in an unoffensive manner as possible. I thought if I just said Happy Thanksgiving somebody might say "yes, but (insert reason for life sucking here)" so I added some extra text. Apologies if my not trying to offend people, offended people. Geesh. I don't understand the sock puppet comment. If somebody could translate, that would be great. You have not described what was wrong with the original comment. I'll stop wasting everybody else's bandwidth. Either you can explain what you didn't like or you cannot. The only reason I replied to you was that pg made an attempt to reason with you (which he deleted). I still have no idea what crawled into your maw. I'm honestly not playing stupid -- I just wanted people to have a happy holiday. So go have one already. You can trash me on another topic if you like. But if you do you'd better be more descriptive than this if you'd like me to reply. Perhaps you're implying that I didn't want people to be thankful? Gosh -- not at all. I simply meant that being thankful seems to be the last thing we think of, instead of the first, even though it is the most important part of the day. If I failed to communicate I'm sorry, but I gotta say your comments seemed cryptic as heck to me. I didn't even know what you were talking about. Humor is very tough to do, folks. Please do not try this at home (as I did) Sneer? WTF? It was a way of saying that although we think of giving thanks last, it's really the most important part of the day. There was no sneer. I didn't down-mod you. Although after you kept ranting I decided to down-mod you on subsequent posts as simply a way of asking you to do a better job of explaining yourself. I don't care if you don't like me or my comments -- you just need to learn to explain yourself better. If I want to offend you I don't think it will be a mystery to anybody -- I'm usually pretty good at it. But sneering and making fun of traditional holidays is not something that I usually do. Let's review -- did I get this right? Since I said something like "and oh yes, we should be thankful" you took that as meaning that I thought we shouldn't be thankful? That I was making fun of the holiday or something? I'm serious -- I still have no idea what the heck your so pissed about. I think it's about time somebody stood up for the "curly braces stand alone" school. I mean, we can debate silly stuff all day, like LISP versus C, Firefox vs. IE, Mac vs. PC, web 1.0 vs web 2.0, etc. But these "braces on the same line" guys are just completely out of their minds. :) if (a==b) { doStuff(); } else doOtherStuff(); Doesn't mean you should. I would consider this a little bit of a hangup on my part, though, as it seems other programmers go the other way. An interesting topic for a book is all the weird things programmers get hung up about. Variable naming comes to mind, as does error handling strategies. And when we get hung up, usually we're not too shy about explaining why everybody else is wrong! My laptop is like my alternate brain, so I usually get a more expensive model with all of the insurance and on-site stuff. Sure -- it's probably paying way too much for the value I receive, but in my opinion it's a better investment than a car. After all, a car only takes me places. A laptop expands my reach. And no -- don't sell the Jeep! Just stop leaving your laptop in it unattended. You design top-down, you code bottom-up, and you manage high-risk/first -- and if you do it right, you code circles around anybody else, whether it's a big or little project. There's a longer answer, but it can run into several books worth of material. That was about as terse as I could make it. I could provide an example if you're interested. This is an excellent point. The market needs pay-for-software because without it, there's no way to have the software industry make things the users want. Sure you can count eyeballs, but simply because I'm willing to surf over somewhere doesn't mean that I assign the place value -- I surf all kinds of places. In fact, the places I surf are kind of a herd mentality thing. The software I buy is based on my careful analysis of what I need and what it's worth to me. Free software is worth nothing -- even if it has a lot of users. This is the difference between just looking at a pretty girl from afar and actually getting a date -- both experiences may feel good, but one has a lot more significance than the other. It's also interesting to note that there is a gap between free, nada, el zilco -- and paying money. Ten bucks a year is probably too close to zero. Something like 20 bucks or more sounds like more of a commitment. That's just a guess, though. Designing a computer system (and that means everything but the coding) is constructing an intermediate vocabulary and language such that, when things change, your intermediate language can already express the new conditions. Now you can do that with functional code and a DSL, or you can do that with OOP and a class model. Since you're going to .NET, let's assume OOP. You've got two things to do before coding: analysis and design. Analysis is understanding and creating that language I spoke about. Design is implementing a solution with that new language inside a certain environment. Coding is actually detailed design -- it's the same thing. In OOP you (generally) move smoothly from talking to the users about their world to coding the computer. In greenfield programming there are no major jumps like you would have with waterfall. The goal of all of this A&D is to get classes, code units, tables -- big hunks of stuff that will organize your code. Small systems you should be able to burn through A&D in days or hours. Big systems can take much longer. Now there's all kinds of tricks to making good languages, er, object graphs. Too much to go into here. Just remember that the purpose of OOP is that when the customer says "But I'd like that green if the bank account balance is over $200" that you should be looking to tweak something regarding the class BankAccount and the member "Balance" -- the customer's language is your language. This is what makes OOP rule large development work. Now that's the 5-cent version of OOP. As for "What to do, when" it's real simple -- do the stuff the team worries about. Having said that, it's perfectly fine to use a "recipe book" like RUP, MSF, Agile, etc to help you remember stuff you should be worrying about. In general, just like in coding where you move from talking to the folks to making the code happen, you should be thinking of "stuff to worry about" starting with business concepts "Do we know what they want? Are they going to pay for it? Do we have access to the key players?" Then you move towards technical concepts like "Are we sure a relational database is going to handle this load?" or "There's no way the user is going to wait more than 5 seconds at his browser" But there's no rule -- you can have killer business risks later in the project and you can have killer technical risks earlier. The trick is to be constantly moving from big, fuzzy, general, business-type worries to little, clear, specific, technical-type worries. If you get your "conceptual cone" working in a project -- designing and managing from big concepts down to little concepts -- it's like riding downhill on a greased rail. I've probably proven myself a complete idiot for trying to take on such a huge topic in a blog post, but there's a lot of "noise" on this subject: the core principles are not supposed to be rocket science. I love it when a hack comes together! Kudos, Colin I think you're on a hot trail, edw519! An interesting thought is what kinds of standards you can hook into. Perhaps stuff for tax file exporting, calendaring, sales /product channels, etc. The standard formats might be easy to provide and could increase the value of your pitch. I got a 99% I like it. As a pilot, I'd like to see you add airspeed and stalling -- you just can't fly a plane anywhere you point the stick at -- but other than that, looks like a fun little game. I saw that. Hopefully it's not doing a server hit for each question. That'd be really crummy design work. For what it's worth, I read about this on a couple of other sites. From what I understand, particles build up along the compression front, causing a sort of magnetic storm for things passing through it. The effect is magnetic and not compression-based as it is in jets. One anonymous poster on /. claimed to be from JPL and said they were worried about having some of the electronics in the spacecraft fry as it passed the boundary. For some reason that made me think of old Star Trek episodes -- "Where No Man Has Gone Before" I also learned that, far from what we've been told, there IS sound in space. It travels around 100km/sec in the near vaccum, but nobody has come up with a way to measure pressure waves at that extreme low inensity. Sounds like a cool thing -- wouldn't it be neat to listen to the universe? I'm in way over my head, but I'll keep going. Hey this is the internet -- lack of knowledge never stopped folks from talking about stuff before! You're probably much better-informed. This sound question is very much like the "if a tree falls in the wilderness and nobody is there to hear, does it make a noise?" By sound I mean pressure waves, which exist I guess everywhere (from what I am hearing) except for a complete and total vaccum. But at the level of just a 1-1000 particles per cubic meter, there's not enough matter there to make something like the human eardrum work. So yes, it's sound, but no, we could never hear it. Does that make sense? Here's one of the comments I sourced for my post. Like I said, I am a complete novice in this area. http://science.slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=373279&cid=2... I was hoping for NoseBucket The key to competing with anybody is to show recent experience. I don't care what kinds of certificates you have -- what have you done lately? It doesn't matter what you did last year. Programming (and startups) are all about what you can do this year. "That's why analysis is still more important than development" Absolutely. In the last ten years, this is the thing missed the most. Sounds corny, but try out one of the tour bus deals. It's a good way to see a lot of stuff quickly. Then you can do other stuff at your leisure. I have great memories of neat stuff to do -- try taking a tour in the floatplane over the Bay. Or take a day and do Napa. Or check out the great restaurants. Or some of the great live music joints. Lots of fun stuff. Don't use the dollar? I'm not sure what he's getting at. Use a payment service and quote in whatever currency the use prefers. It's not like you have to do your own currency exchange or anything -- all that stuff can easily be handled. Also the "there won't be a Web 3.0. Web 3.0 is a Web 2.0 meme" seems a little flip. The 2.0/3.0/4.0/etc meme is from software versioning, not Web 2.0. So I imagine whatever comes along big on the web next people will naturally call Web 3.0 -- for the same reason the next big wr will probably be called WWIII. That's just the way numbers work. Of course, "Web 3.0" may never catch on, but that's a different story. The article failed to mention one thing -- corruption. In a chaotic, churning society, corruption is kept lower because you never know who's going to be in power next year. In China you always know. That makes it too tempting for little side deals to be set up. Every one of those side deals takes a little something from the rest of their society. That's why corruption is so officially scorned in China, although it is pervasive. I don't see them overcoming this problem with their current system, much less moving to a service economy. But I wish them well. I don't know what to call it -- corruption seems to be the best word for now. For our purposes an academic elite is the same as a political party -- it holds political power. Whatever it is, the problem it presents is that there is not a single amount of predictable payments that can be made to create an economic transaction -- it's all up to the whims of the people who are involved. I guess it's possible to predict to some degree if you know all of the players, but there is no competition for doing it another way without the payments -- the same party owns the game, the tables, and all of the cards. I'm no expert either, but it seems that corruption in the states is of such a lesser degree to be of a different type altogether, at least as far as startups go. Likewise, corruption in some third world countries is so bad to make even the most trivial of enterprises fraught with hidden expenditures. Here, if I want to make a startup to, say, sell fried chicken on the street corner, I've got 2 or 3 political people to meet and make happy. Now there might be lots of crooks in the local government, but each local government can be of a different political party, as can the state and federal governments. Even in a completely crooked world, that provides incentives for each section of political power to lower corruption, at least in sections controlled by the other guy. You simply do not have that somehow-it-works setup in China. And I think it's going to be a limiting factor in their growth. Anybody who buys into this needs to do a self-check on their critical-thinking skills. First, as others have pointed out, the King is responsible for his actions, not you. That means in every one of those scenarios, it's better to just take your stuff and keep it. Any King that set up such a cruel situation is not likely to keep his word anyway. Second, it might be reasonable in the abstract to make some kind of concession to help other people, but that's in the abstract. Look at it this way - I might choose to give 20 bucks to a bum on the street, or I might not. There are lots of factors that come into play, and there is no universal rule involved. Finally, there's a neat bit of jujitsu that happens, he switches from asking a question about what _you_ might or might not do in a weird situation to a general principle about what _others_ should do. Last I checked, we aren't in the business of ganging up on our neighbors to impose our morality on them. It's perfectly fine to save your life and let the others die. It might be immoral, it might be bad, disgusting, shameful, sinful, yucky -- pick your adjective. But that's the beauty of freedom. Without that ability to chose, there's nothing moral in the choice anyway. If you start adding up and subtracting lives here and there, you can justify about anything you want to. It's just a dishonest story. Hunger does not exist because I choose to live a free and productive life. It exists because political systems are broken. The fact that we feed people by acting selfishly is a tough thing to grasp, but once you get it, you realize that it's about a billion times better than just giving a guy a fish. Just playing devil's advocate here, we're alive, aren't we? So the odds can't be much less than 1/(number of planets in the universe) As for the singularity, I believe the point is the nature of being a human will change. The 19th century man will fit into our world just fine. A "regular" man might not fit into a world where we're all part cyborgs. You are correct in that it's the same unknowable impenetrable future state for us and the 19th century guy, but the idea is that the nature of change will be different in the next 100 years than it ever has been -- because it deals with what it means to be human. The Fermi Paradox, Drake Equation, and the quest for life is one of my pet subjects. I like it because it is pseudo-science -- and I mean that in a good way. We simply have no means of actually performing experiments, since our knowledge of life consists of just one example for a brief period of time. I am tempted to think that life is just about everywhere in the universe, but heck if I know. If there is life everywhere, then where is everybody? "In other words, it claims that there doesn't exist anything that we don't already know about." -- that's not a false premise, that's the basis for science. I can only deal with things I can observe. If you put 4 black balls and one white ball into a bag and ask me the chances of drawing a white ball, it's 1/5. If you then say, "hey -- but I really put 9 black balls in there. Your math is wrong" that's not much in the way of an argument. We measure and calculate those things we can observe. Yes, one could speculate on non-observable things. But that's a game that has no end. We are conceptually part cyborgs. I think there will be a line that is crossed, perhaps in our lifetime, where the average person will be physically part cyborg. No matter how you measure it, that's a change of a different nature than simple discovery and invention. I think you are muddling the point a bit. One of the reasons the Fermi Paradox and Drake Equation are so interesting to me is that they rely on speculation. While I think the minimum is 1/(number of planets), who knows what that number is? And for all the other terms in the Drake Equation, you're just pulling numbers out of the air. It's as much a religion as science. Fascinating stuff, both from a science angle and as an observation of human nature. I tend to agree that while people want a lot of things in the world, we're just not wired to handle, say, interacting with 50 web applications for our needs. I think if you really studied it, people probably have 5-15 web apps they use on a regular basis, with maybe another 5-15 they use now-and-then. That's it. I don't think this number is due to a lack of web applications to fit people's needs, but limitations of the wetware itself. This implies that there is a biological driver for web application consolidation. It also implies that whatever your app, you're already competing for "web app" time in the user's mind with some other site, even if it is completely unrelated. Futhermore, it implies that great non-consolidated apps actually cause some harm, assuming they take people away from other sites that are providing value to them. Pure speculation on my part, of course. I just know that while I've seen a boatload of crazy-cool web applications, the number I use is fairly static -- I just shuffle some in and out every now and then. Great question! This is really good. Thanks. You may get real-world news, but it's most-likely news of a certain political nature. It's obvious to me (if not others) that places like Slashdot are completely different _political_ sites than they were say five years ago. The topic matter may be close, but the nature of the way articles are presented, commented on, and ranked is completely different. It used to be you got great intellectual comments from all sides of the spectrum. Now that sort of disucssion is down-modded and in its place you get basically political sloganeering masquerading as comments. In terms of general subject matter, sure, the Daily Me is probably not happening. What's happening in its place is a sort of Daily Political Me, where whatever is "hot" is filtered one way or another based on general political views of the site. This is a natural consequence of user-ranking. I must have missed the part where he explained why they didn't take ten minutes, make a new windows VM and try out the setup. Heck, they could have made it part of the build. Setup programs have to be tested. Your solution is no good unless it installs. I must be mising something -- I read the whole article and am still left wondering how they let something like this happen. Ugh. Nothing like reading a critique from somebody who doesn't know what they are doing and using some technology as a straw man. UML class diagrams are good. UML class diagrams are love. Leave my UML class diagrams out of this! (grin) I'd go with the bigger point that engineers never met a helpful tool that they couldn't eventually overengineer and beat into something that people loathed. The BPMN and the "diagram until you puke" UML guys are just beating the heck outta the art of communication using a diagram. It's such an easy concept, why do folks have to go and keep adding more and more stuff until nobody likes it anymore? I completely understand the gist of the article. Diagramming is supposed to be a tool for communication, collaboration, and discussion. But instead it becomes some kind of tool to control the universe. Sometimes I wonder if we only need about 1-5% of all of the tools we use. The rest is just overkill. Lex-dysics untie! Gosh no, guys! It's all about market differentiation. You should ideally wish each person a holiday wish based on their unique belief and practices. Lots more karma in that than blanket statements. It's the long tail of holiday-greeting-karma-whoring strategy. :) Merry Christmas, all! Interested in any comments about this article -- I thought about submitting it to a client who is really gung-ho on XP and Agile, but I'm not sure if I'm making any sense or if it would tick them off. Feedback appreciated. Thanks tx. I guess there is a cost-reward factor at work. I know RoR and the various automated DAL guys are really happy with working inside a narrow, but fully fleshed-out paradigm. It's good to see an article that makes the case that cultural values are not completely relative. Some things just work better than other things. Stuff like private property rights, for instance. Perhaps "right" is the wrong word, perhaps it should be "effective". Whatever. For an interesting read along these lines, try "Culture Cult" -- excellent book. Are we as willing to die to save a friend? Are we as honest? Yes. In fact, no matter what your opinion of the current politics vis-a-vis Iraq, it seems that not only would we die to save a friend, we would die to save an enemy, or an idea. We've done it time and again. As far as I know, no other culture is like that. As far as honesty, societies with "thar" mentalities are some of the most dishonest societies on the planet, whereas western societies a lot of business can be conducted on just a handshake. Ever try a handshake at a bazaar? I think western civilization stacks up quite well against those questions. It's not a relative thing -- certain ideas make cultures better than other ones. Societies are all not equal -- that's a late 20th-century mode of thinking that's non-operative. But perhaps I read too much into your response. "What, exactly, is this?" It is a commentary on a way of life usually practiced by Arabs, but also commonly found in other places in the world. It is not a blanket statement about any race, therefore your charges of racism are total BS. You can be a member of a race and participate or not in a particular culture. Race is not culture. It's not a one-to-one relationship. To say that it is, ironically enough, racist. People are free agents and can choose to be anything they want. Cultures are fair game for all sorts of criticism -- we are really good at criticizing our own culture. Thank goodness we live in a world where criticism of culture is encouraged. As you point out, the term Arabian is more about language than ethnicity. I'm probably wrong, but don't tribal, violence-based political-religious movements possess these same cultural traits wherever they are found, such as Polynesian countries? One could argue that in the case of extreme Islamism this is Arabic culture seeping into other areas, but Polynesians are certainly not Arabic -- or any ethnicity that could be considered Arabic. So race or geography has little to do with it. But I agree -- the article meandered a bit and one could draw various conclusions. I couldn't see anything racist, though. Seems like any more, people stick the racism label onto anything that might be critical of any sort of generic category of people. I guess if we say fat people are happy we would be accused of racism. It's just a poor choice of words, that's all my comment meant to point out. I'm not about to defend the Crusades or the Spanish Inquisition! However there are certain differences between say, Europe in the year 1200 and any random warrior nomadic tribe of the same time. I keep getting back to private property rights, which I believe is the foundation of all western civilization. Also the religious insistence on personal responsibility (as opposed to blind submission) was nascent even at that point. And the Magna Carta showed that the idea of governance being a two way street. These themes bloomed into the Reformation, which kicked off the 100 years war, which got us modern secularism, which enhanced the renaissance and set the stage for all those miracles that happened in the last 400 years or so. I would tell you to wait for the movie, but it would be something like a 200-hour serial or something just for the highlights. You hit on an interesting startup topic, though. Is it possible to algorithmically determine cultures and sub-cultures by biometrics, writing analysis, web sites visited, or some other factor? Aside from the big brother implications, there's actually a real market need -- people who belong to the same "clans" usually like spending time together on the web. Any way to make that easier should have value. In the information age, it's very possible that people belong to some sub-culture that they are not even aware of. You would trust a random person in an open-air market more than you would trust a trained, certified, bonded, licensed real-estate agent? Care to think that over a bit more? Perhaps phone a friend? What I'm seeing is people dropping one onerous system -- say traditional waterfall -- and creating a new onerous system built around favorite authors and books. I think people get the "feeling" of agile but miss out on really how it is supposed to work. I mean, I'm seeing customers quoting books back and forth to each other -- even calling in famous authors to make decisions on what they should be doing. Famous authors, bless their hearts, don't know jack squat about any particular team or project and shouldn't be making blanket announcements about what teams "ought" to do. That's the same stuff they're trying to get away from. There are no perfect answers. I come from the rational side of agile as well. This is the first time I've seen so many people so excited about giving teams freedom that they're prepared to spell out exactly what those teams should do in order to be free. If you only concentrate on delivering code you miss the other value you add. Teams can't run on manifestos and slogans. Read "The Gathering Storm" for an argument to topple Saddam made before we went in (but post 9-11) There is a long list of reasons which I won't go into here. 9-11 was the tipping point in terms of domestic politics, no doubt. It also seems to be the tipping point in terms of strategic policy. There's an interesting discussion about why democratic nations go to war. If there is a mixed number of reasons and a volunteer army, which are the actual reasons we fight? I just read read a blog entry by an Army 1st Lt. killed last year who made the argument that he was joining up to stop oppression. To do something and make a difference. I also hear a lot of folks talk about leaders with supposedly bad intentions who "got us into this." So when a president and congress vote on something, and people volunteer to do it, is it possible to assign any one reason to why it's being done? Perhaps I'm splitting hairs. Probably get downmodded again for this comment. Have at it, then. Maybe off-topic, but interesting, at least to me. So the person in the market is unknown to you. He has something, you have something. You trade, life is good. But how do you know when you give your money you'll get something? How do you know it's the thing you asked for? How can you be sure the trader isn't just trying to lure you back to some back room where you can be mugged or worse? While haggling at a bazaar can be great fun, there's a lot of risk involved. Financial transactions do not like risk. That's why we don't sell houses using the bazaar format. I'd like to point out that houses sell and are bought for all kinds of reasons aside from price. So I believe your reply to be a little weak in that regard. Whatever the case, the position of "real estate agent" in our society confers all kinds of things. If the house is not the seller's, then you are covered. If the agent runs off with your down-payment, you are covered. If the agent knowingly misrepresents the house, you are covered. In fact, the idea is that the risk is reduced to simply: is it worth what I am paying for it? Financial markets like this. There's no problem with multiple parties all having somewhat conflicting interests. Financial transactions occur when parties find some subset of aligning interests in which to trade around. Not total alignment -- that doesn't exist. Once you have enough alignment for a trade, you've got to reduce risk. Some of these cultures, for instance, refuse to use a banking system, believing it to be immoral. While I deeply respect the right of any individual to believe any dang thing he wants, cultures that do things like ban banking, private property rights, etc. greatly increase the risk during financial transactions. That's why I'd never get involved in Russia, for instance -- never can tell when the ruling party might decide just to take over your entire business. You can't have a highly-functioning society like that. I think these guys have their heart in the right place, no doubt. I think what I see that is missing is organizational agility. There is a lot of organizational risk that just goes unanswered, and once the questions begin, these guys start sounding awful prescriptive. It's almost like they expect large organizations to run completely from a focus of one team, and one developer, instead of the entire structure. That might sell a lot of books to frustrated programmers on teams, but it kind of side-steps the whole issue of "how do we pick what to use or not use in a dynamic fashion? How dynamic can an organization be, anyway? Could you deploy to production different ways for different teams? Should project chartering be done with information that is also valuable to the team, like a business model? If you have running code and not enough people know what you are doing, do you stamp your feet and keep saying "integrated team of generalists" or do you acknowledge the fact that written communication is the only way your are going to reach some very important people?, etc." I don't see a lot of that type of thinking going on. I too do the coach thing, usually for big organizations. I also do the startup thing (which I love) with small teams. Care to guess which one I like more? (grin) "Like I said, I'd trust a Realtor more to not kill me (or perpetrate some other act of violence). Was just saying Realtor has much more financial incentive to screw me over in a legal, but still unkind, way." I'd rather have an equal playing field and do my own worrying about the realtor screwing me over than about my physical safety. The economy works great with people looking after their own financial interests, but not so well when things like contracts, personal safety, banking, or insurance bonds are non-existent. Still like that idea of a bazaar being better than dealing with a professional in a western culture? From where I'm sitting it's not looking so hot. Remember -- the guy in the bazaar can still screw you the ways professionals in the west can -- but he can screw you in a lot more ways, too. Maybe I'm a complete idiot, but you are not making any sense to me at all. Nazi Germany was a culture, a society. It was a brutal, horrible thing that should be despised for the many faults it had. Mongol society was a barbaric, violent, awful society and culture that should be shunned. Paleolithic tribal societies were also brutish, superstitious, harsh, and murderous towards themselves and outsiders. Many were also cannibals. How is this in any way disparaging Germans, Mongolians, or people who may have come from a tribal background? E-gad, man. We have to be able to make comparisons of how various things work. Some cultures work better than others. Sure, stupid people will extrapolate that to say that the _people_ in those cultures are good or bad. But stupid people do stupid things. That's no reason at all to give up on our duty as sentient beings to make comparisons and judgments. We don't give up living in houses simply because some stupid people burn them down. Why would we give up the Enlightenment because some cultures never grasped it? I'm sure you are not suggesting that the average overall culture of 300+ million people changed after 9-11 to include things like honor killings, oppression towards women, clans instead of families, etc. I mean, that would be a miracle of miracles. Cultures change only slowly over time, right? And you can't be suggesting that societies that adhere to things like, say, no banking, enslaving half the population, anti-rationalism, etc are successful ways to run a culture? Perhaps you are confusing stagnation with things that most any person would agree to be good: modern medicine, free markets, ability to form private contracts, etc. These aren't values that are owned by one society that somehow we arbitrarily use to judge other societies. These are good ideas that occur time and time again no matter what the original culture. Some cultures work better than others. Some cultures are better at things like feeding their people, making them happy, and understanding the universe than others. Everything is not more or less the same. You have made my day. Thanks for the laugh. I'm saying that having tens of thousands of people show up on horseback ready to invade Vienna isn't exactly a calling card for Mongol politeness. Sure the Mongols did good things! Tell you what? Let's take apart the good and bad things and compare and contrast them with other cultures, shall we? And maybe, after doing that for a while, we can come up with a list of attributes that make cultures better or worse. Which is exactly we started this conversation. LOL "Of course they weren't perfect, but neither are we." Okey dokey. Do you understand that such statements completely alleviate the speaker of any obligation to continue analysis? Ted Bundy had a lot of faults, but who among us is perfect? Jack The Ripper may have done some bad things, but aren't we all flawed in some way? Cannibals ate your parents, but hey, don't we all get a little hungry now and then? I could go on, but I honestly don't mean to have fun at your expense. Yes, there are good and bad things anywhere. Our duty as intelligent people is to take apart what works and what doesn't and keep building on what works. Not to just cast an unfocused eye on the world and say something like "looks all about the same to me. We all are in our journeys on our own paths." -- these sentiments, while sounding great, are not helpful to either us or other people. I'm not talking about enlightenment, I'm talking about The Enlightenment -- the awakening in the west that things like freedom, rights, rationalism, and an open society were prerequisites to change and growth, and that societies that changed and grew were happier places to be. The world keeps changing -- it is not something that is up for debate. Societies/Cultures that embrace certain values are able to change along with it. Those that do not are not. It's been that way since recorded history. I'm still not following you. Aside from the fact that you have no idea where I live, What do you mean that I'm comparing living inside an empire? So when America was formed, and the country basically consisted of a bunch of farmers, what was your excuse then? They were the same ideas then. Or how about ancient Greece? Never was the huge world empire that, say Britain was in the 1800s. And I never said I was morally superior to anybody. Come now, think about this. I said that certain attributes work better than certain other ones. Cultures who have more or less of these attributes or more or less effective at very important things. It has nothing to do with me or any country or culture that I am a part of. In fact, that's the whole point! That those attributes exist outside of the cultures themselves. Isn't it great that we can analyze, compare, contrast, and discuss those attributes and what they do to help or hinder the happiness of the people who are in those cultures? Don't we have a duty to honestly and politely engage in conversations with people of other cultures so that they can help us as much as we help them? Moral superiority has nothing to do with it. A culture full of bad attributes is not such a hot place to live. There are, I'm sure, many more attributes that the ones we have today, and as long as we keep our heads on our shoulders we can continue to find them. In fact, it doesn't take much imagination to see that western culture is probably just as barbaric and brutish to some alien civilization as some cultures are to us. And that's exactly why we can't get lost in some kind of moral relativism: we've got a lot more work to do. Where do we keep getting the term "moral" from? I'm talking about the effectiveness of certain cultures to make their members happy and to adapt to change. I am not sure where we got into this discussion about morality. This is the first time you have used the term "warrior society," so I am unsure as to what you mean. Last I checked, there were no truly pacifist societies that existed for more than just a few years (or were supported by another society prepared to use force) My fuzzy-definition alarm is going off again. I sure hope you don't mean to use the term "warrior society" in such a broad sense that it has no particular meaning at all. As a starter, I would suggest societies that have mandatory military service, require the ownership of weapons, believe that the strong should conquer the weak, etc. I could add more, but it's your term. I think there's a big difference between what I think of as a warrior society and a society that uses violence in measured ways. But I submit. Uncle. Whatever. I enjoy people having differences of opinion. I also feel that in small teams you have to chase down these differences and get them resolved. It's not like one person can think of the customer as being a 70-year-old lady and the other person think of them as being a teenage male. Terms mean things. I think if you keep chasing, as pg opined, you'll eventually end up in fairly close agreement. There's a balance between being probing and inquisitive and being obnoxious. I was probably a little obnoxious. Sorry about that. Dissenters were not Neville Chamberlains. They were thinkers. I agree. I spent many hours pouring over various arguments on Iraq before we went in, and I was deeply emotional about the way things turned out. But I also digress. But the other side were also thinkers. Thinkers can disagree. The wonderful thing about both startups and politics is that if you are wrong, somebody else will come along and be right. The parallel extends in that sometimes we work on incomplete information. Additionally, traction on the ground is all that matters, hence the reason why we should all know a little more about COIN (COunter INsurgency) today than one year ago. I was too young to remember the politics around Vietnam. I had an uncle who volunteered in the Marines, only to be sent to California instead. He was very disappointed. I know that hundreds of thousands of Vietnamese left the communist invasion to go wherever they could. I feel certain that South Vietnam could have held against the North had we not cut off all of their support in Congress. But I am not a military expert, so what do I know? Communism is not bad, as in moral terms. It is bad in terms of effectiveness and efficiency. More people are happy under capitalism. That doesn't make Capitalism right, it just makes it more "right" than other systems. "right" is a term that needs further definition before you can comment on it. As a side note, I would have not supported the invasion of Iraq had I not felt that we as a country were in it for no matter what it took. Fighting a war is a horrible thing, and if it is necessary, it doesn't become "not necessary" once the bill gets too high, the deaths get too high, or the newspapers start trashing your political party (not that I am a Republican.) Wars are not football games. Nobody wins in a war. But yet the applied use of physical violence seems to be a constant in the reality I live in. It also seems obvious that it is a duty on each of us to determine the rules by which such violence should be fostered on others. It is not sufficient to make blanket statements -- each of us owes our society a reason when and why we would or would not use violence. I think this responsibility for analysis is missing. Perhaps because most people feel more like spectators than participants. We use terms like "bad" "good" "right" "wrong" to signify some serious and nuanced opinions. It makes sense to take the time to explain ourselves. Thanks for calling me on it. Apologies if I continue to offend folks and get down-modded again. bullshit. the author either knows nothing about the subject or never saw the experiment deployed This is a great analogy, one which I've been making for a while. 18 months ago, I wrote a blog article about how the war on terror can be thought of as an economic war, where economic transactions either encourage or discourage the individual from using violence. http://www.whattofix.com/blog/archives/2006/08/goodbye_4gw_h... This also plays into some of the concepts that Wolfram has been going on about. What is the smallest set of rules that create all of those SKUs and prosperity? Is there a similar set of rules running the universe? (Assuming the Computational Universe theory is correct) Good stuff. I'm 42 and a half. Or in hex, 0x2A You can do some really cool things when you're in your 20s. I know I did. Why stop? Look at the cost of market entry. Kicking off a new web app startup is equivalent to what? Taking a year off and buying a boat? The trick is: can you be as hungry when you're 35 as when you're 25? I think you can -- but my opinion is biased. I've been complaining about this for over two years. It's just an ugly business practice. NSI should be drummed out of the market with a policy like that. What's next? hold the domain and put it up for auction? So now that we have the most popular keywords, who can make a title with the most keywords in it? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=96660 I don't understand or appreciate FaceBook that much, but this article bites. It's not like I like or dislike the web app because of the politics of the owner. And even if I did, perhaps I would let the owner speak for himself instead of listening to some elaborately constructed straw man argument! Very poor rant. He could have made a much better case against the value of FaceBook to people in general instead of wandering all over heck and Georgia. Just googling around, doesn't seem to be a real number. For instance, the 4th google hit for "ruby on rails contract" says "This is a 2 month contract position paying $40/hour" I know I just got through paying some RoR guys about twice that for some code monkey stuff. So the 40-80 range looks a lot more real than 200. Note that I'm not saying there isn't somebody out there making 200/hour, just it is not indicative of where the market is at. Heck, there's probably a few 200/hour COBOL programmers out there too, but that's not saying much for the idea of being a COBOL programmer. It's just an outlier. Who cares? It all seems so pointless Probably a bunch of other things he doesn't like too, just those are the ones on the list. To recap this entire thread: This just in: boys and girls are different. Also -- the human brain naturally forms generic pattern responses based on little information. Almost every time these prejudices are counterproductive in modern social context, but evolution has wired humans this way. Later, we'll have breaking news that people actually have different abilities in different areas, and those abilities can be statistically related to random factors such as toenail size, skin color, or number of nose hairs. Expect massive protests to follow. huh? I don't have a dog in the fight. I wasn't looking forward to Arc, and I am not going to try it. But it seems kind of weird to say that people who were disappointed had dubious psychological motives. What if, perhaps, they expected the first released to be stand-alone and that's not what happened? I mean, aren't there lots of ways to be disappointed that don't involve some kind of psychoanalysis and therapy? I'm sure people are petty and small mammals. But I don't watch Dr. Phill for a reason -- you can make various psycho arguments all day and not really have a lot of anything when you are done. Perhaps the author of _this_ piece is really just a suck-up? There's simply no basis for evaluating one opinion over another. I guess I could say the article is crap, but that would take less words. :) There are some products that do P2P+Server data sharing. I'm thinking Groove especially, but I'm sure there are more. This allows me to put my data "out there" among all the computers/friends that I share my space with, without publishing the information for the whole world to see. So I have ease-of-access, backups, online/offline access, etc without having to go public. Plus it tightly integrates with my operating system and office software, as opposed to my having to write a bunch of hand-coded stuff. I've been thinking about PG's assertion that more "powerful" languages express things with less code for some time now. I just can't say that I'm a believer. There are a lot of reasons (perhaps an essay in there somewhere), but the main one is -- it seems to me a fallacy to think that as languages evolve they work with smaller sets of code. Part of the problem is that languages are so contextual: PG's challenge is a salient example of context. If the context is "typical" web programming, the code set is small. How do we define "typical" web programming? Why, the type of thing PG trimmed up Arc to perform! The circle is complete. I'm not happy with my disagreement, however. I think there's just something intuitively wrong with PG's assertion. Wish I could express my concerns better. His belief obviously fails at the extreme. One can imagine a program that says "do stuff" which then proceeds to solve world hunger or download pictures of Britney Spears. It would be difficult for an observer, however, to determine what "do stuff' actually involved. Programming is not a solitary sport. Oddly enough, there's something a little bit BS-like (EDIT: 1960s-ish) about PG's definition of "powerful". (I know Paul, you hate having to explain everything little thing you say, but bear with me here) The word "powerful" is such a generic it doesn't work here. I guess the simplest way to explain is to look at what I think Paul is saying: as our languages evolve, it takes less "stuff" to tell the computer what we want it to do. The problem here is that the amount of "stuff" required is as much a user interface problem as it is a syntactical one. Surely neural interfaces can render most coding obsolete eventually. Perhaps well inside our 100-year timeframe. So what, then, is meant by powerful? Is it our conversation with the computer we are trying to maximize, or our conversations with each other? In other words, am I trying to get to the quickest magic to get from my thoughts to code, or am I trying to get to the quickest magic from my team to a solution that we all understand? In the second scenario, the "power" of a programming language is more about how well it can help the team discover, implement, and maintain solutions that have value. Not about the directness of my personal thought-to-code. I think this second definition of "powerful" holds up better in the real world. My opinion only, though. I don't have a bunch of essays or a cool venture fund, so take it for what it's worth. I hate to be Mr. Definition Guy, but it's tough to have conversations like this without understanding what the heck we are talking about. (off topic) I imagine a lot of folks on all sides are going to be disillusioned with politics this time around. We've seen a lot of grass roots guys, but the political machines don't seem to be paying that much attention to them. Trying to keep this non-partisan, it seems that big pieces of the base of each party came out with their own guy this time around. There was Huckabee for the evangelicals, Paul for the A/W Libertarians, and Obama for the black vote. I guess you could even count Clinton with the feminists. In the past, each of these goups were considered the bedrock of their parties. The primary was so open that each group had their own guy, but in general it didn't seem to matter much. Machines beat bases. You are right that there is a huge difference between the way a politician runs and the way he governs. That's probably a good thing. I think with emotions so high over various issues people are going to be dissapointed when they don't get the simple answer they wanted, no matter who they choose. Wouldn't a good neural interface create some abstraction of a read-eval-print loop that would seem natural and not part of some other language? I mean, don't we do the same thing when we have conversations with other humans? Let's say we're going out and the other person wants some things from the store. Surely we are both capable of discussing what's needed from the store without having to formalize it so much, right? So I take it that perhaps you feel that machines will always need a more formal conversation than humans? I find that a little difficult to believe, what with machine translation, OCR, voice commands and such. (None of which are perfect, but all of which are getting closer to being very useful) I guess I would be interested in what part of a neural interface would not be able to provide the stimulus a programmer is already receiving from his programming IDE? And if the neural interface can make it the same stimulus, surely there would be room for improvement, no? This conversation is continued in a new post -- http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=109286 My crystal ball doesn't work much past the Great Singularity, so can we limit the discussion to somewhere half-way between here and there? At the extremes, a lot of discussion falls apart. Plus, I don't want no nano-bots arguing over parentheses. Little buggers should be using braces instead. : ) Programming languages can indeed provide for precise, concise expression of ideas, but how precise must the description of a problem be in order for the computational machinery to express it within parameters necessary to satisfy the user? So what if the program is very different that what you expected or wanted? Is this such a new thing? A better question would be "what if I could be wrong eleven times in a week and finally be happy. Would that be better than taking a month to accomplish the same thing?" I think you're looking at the problem through the wrong end of the telescope. The perfect is the enemy of the good. I think by marrying mathematical concepts to computers you're continuing down a path that may no longer be useful. While it's true that computers are mathematical creations, the question isn't whether a program is "correct enough", rather whether it is "useful enough" We're already using poor, leaky abstractions to grasp and create programs -- it's called the English language. The guys who created E-bay didn't work out the calculus of various bidding strategies -- they implemented a simple online bidding system. We're not looking for mathematical perfection. We're looking for maximum value with minimum effort. Or maybe I'm smoking crack here. Are you saying that the ability to make the most complicated precise programs using the least amount of syntax is a good thing? If so, why would that be? It isn't the mechanics of typing, it's the entire paradigm. Why would I need to use Arabic characters in some sort of pseudo-English to represent what I wanted the computer to do? Why not spoken words? Or emotional nuances? Not trying to go way off the deep end, but I think people make a big mistake when they say that since we have a printed code situation now we'll always have one. I'm already seeing a lot of graphical programming environments. Sure -- they suck to some degree. But each year they suck less and less. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to believe that fairly soon a lot of programming could be done graphically. I would think a spoken conversation, with the computer rapidly prototyping, executing, and testing the concepts as we discussed them, could create some very complex solutions. It's not about typing or the mechanics -- it's the paradigm that's outdated. but ixnay on the igpay atinlay upportsay Charlottesville, Virginia. Lots of great outdoorsy things to do, great university, great cost-of-living, great quality-of-life, and fairly-easy access to Washington DC if you want to do the huge city stuff. (Plus there are things that DC has that you're just not going to find anywhere else) UVA has a huge medical college with all kinds of biotech. There is some startup activity in the area, but as you mention, you'll be taking a hit from places like SF. OCaml is currently my favorite language, and I'm learning more and more about it. I'm starting with F# (mainly because of the Microsoft library support) but it's cool to be able to run it on Mono and Linux, or heck, even on a straight Linux box with Ocaml installed (as long as I stay away from those same libraries!) I'm thinking of making my next project straight html with Javascript hitting an OCaml server(s) on the backend using JSON. I believe if done correctly you should be able to do all sorts of cool stuff, like continuations across the http barrier. I don't know if any of you have looked at the F# web toolkit (open source I believe), but it allows using OCaml in one script file and tagging your methods to either run on the server or client or both places at once. So you have one module file that exists anywhere you like it to -- very cool stuff indeed. So count me in! I'm waiting for the interface-less UI. Seriously -- didn't like it. My oldest kid was part of the SharpOS project for a while. It's cool stuff. The article doesn't do the subject justice, though. It used to be a caveman walked across the top of a mountain looking for deer to eat. He left trash wherever he went and even introduced "fire hunting" where entire mountainsides would be burnt in order to get the most game. Now we go visit mountains where we stay on closely-guarded trails and hope to see a deer to frame in a picture. We drive up in our internal combustion engines and hike "leaving nothing behind, taking nothing but memories" And we feel guilty for doing it. I'm thinking the caveman got the better deal. When I first started blogging, I wanted people to come read my great words of wisdom (naturally. Why am I not a god of publishing yet?!?) So I hit on the idea of tagging my Slashdot posts with a line at the bottom plugging whatever I was blogging about that day. I made it a point to post interesting relevant comments to Slashdot, but at the bottom I would always ham it up with stuff like "Giant Sponge Moon Found Orbiting Saturn!" People gave my comments 5 ratings almost all the time, but it really, really pissed off a group of \. readers. Was that spam? I'm still not sure the answer to that question. I know IpodGirl is a spammer, but there are all kinds of edge cases too. I lost everything I owned except a car and 3 pairs of clothes when I was 23. Didn't end up homeless though. Just stayed with friends, worked double menial full-time jobs, and put it all back together. Anybody can _get_ homeless. Staying homeless is an emotion-related disease. My opinion only. It's not something I share a lot, to be honest. It always sounds like one of those "Heck with the homeless! I was poor and pulled myself up by my bootstraps!" kind of things. I feel for the homeless and the poor. But I don't think giving them cash every month (as San Francisco does) or giving them other handouts is helping much of anything at all. Simply because something troubles you morally does not mean that there is a moral solution. Since you asked, my first wife and I split up, I moved into a boarding house that agreed to take all of my stuff. Now this just wasn't everything I owned -- it's worse than that. My mother had decided to remarry and gave me all of the things from my childhood home. So I had all of that with me as well. Being pretty messed up over the bad marriage, I wasn't working, so I got behind on the rent (a month or two as I remember) The family told me they were moving so I had to move out. I told them I was going to stay with friends for a couple of days to see if I could stay with them. When I came back, the entire house was empty. Nil. Nada. SOBs even took a 1979 Pontiac I had out front. So I had 2-3 changes of clothes and the car I was in. That's it. I believe that's what they call "starting from nothing" I never did find my stuff. I checked the VIN on the car several times with the police but nothing showed up. I guess the worst part is the pictures -- you just can't replace those pictures. I'd give half of what I have now just to get those pictures back. The rest of it? Just stuff. If anything, it was a great lesson in how life can be more about your stuff than yourself. In a lot of ways, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I know that sounds cliche, but it's true. Even now, I wouldn't mind living on Ramen noodles for a few months while kicking out some code in a startup -- it'd be a blast. Whereas I think if I never had that experience I would somehow feel that I was "better" than doing that. I consider myself very lucky. Count me in the people that don't agree as well. I used one of my very few down-mods on you, pg! Seemed appropriate given your comment. I very rarely downmod. The karma system should predict how good I am going to feel after consuming the media -- nothing more. The problem is that for a simple question, the solution ain't so simple. I believe there is one, and I believe we've danced around this subject long enough for those paying attention to have figured it out. Also -- thanks for the term "karma bombing". I've been a victim in the past, now I have a cool geeky name to describe it. Because nobody cares whether you agree or disagree with anything. I'm expecting the score to represent _my_ feelings about the article after I read it, not yours. I could go down a longer list: because mob rules is a not-so-good policy for quality reading material, because if one group votes on agreement and another group votes on quality then the agreement group "drowns out" the quality group, because it takes about 2 seconds to determine whether you agree with something, whereas determining if something is worth reading takes a lot longer (and is more valuable information), etc. Note that I upmodded you, even though I take issue with your position. That's because you asked a good question. In another world, I'd just downmod you because I thought you were mistaken and for most readers the question would never have been asked (or answered) Some related commentary http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2008/02/a_modest_s... I love Scott, but this shows a fundamental lack of understanding for why wars happen. The American Civil War comes to mind as the first counterexample. There are dozens more. Nations don't resort to armed conflict because the citizens don't know each other that well. In fact, the counterexamples are very interesting -- I'm thinking of German presence in Great Britain before WWII. People demonize citizens of other nations after war is started, but that's more of a moral crutch than anything else. I think Scott confuses correlation with causality. "cause harm to others" is such a loose phrase you could drive a bulldozer through it. It could encompass everything from flatulence to the use of Weapons of Mass Destruction. I'd tighten up that language a little bit if you are trying to make a point. Agreed. Let's say you post an amazingly funny technology joke and picture each day, and a friend posts an amazing, in-depth discussion of something that most of the readers would want to consume. Who do you think is going to score all the points? Certainly not your friend with the in-depth articles. So does that mean the the community is more represented by people who post quick, funny barbs? Are we a group of late-night technology comedians? I understand the joke analogy is at the extreme, but you can make the same observation comparing, say, 3-paragraph gossipy blog entries with 50-paragraph in-depth articles. Same principle applies. I must admit finding it hard to make the distinction you suggest. Would the American Civil War be a big guy beating up on a little guy? After all, the North was ten times as populous, and many, many times as rich. Nobody on either side thought the war would last very long. How about the Romans and the Germanic tribes? Nobody in their right mind thought those Barbarians could stand up against the full might of the Roman Empire very long. Wars are fought until one side decides to stop fighting. This means that "big guy/little guy" wars and "outcome is uncertain" wars don't seem to be that different. In fact the determining factor would seem to be how easy it is for one side to quit. But how would you know how much it would take to make the other side stop fighting until it actually happens? From the history I've seen, when both sides are very intimate with each other's language and culture -- that's when some of the deadliest, nastiest conflicts take place. It's interesting. When I'm in crunch mode, I'm not thinking about features at all. I'm just doing the same thing as I did before, only without so much goofing off (reading email, drinking, eating, etc) I separate that from "hacking" which I picture as taking a machete and flailing away at the code until it submits, no matter what state it is in. I have been known to hack with the best of 'em, but only for short periods, usually the last few hours around a drop. But usually I'm always thinking of the structure of the code as I code, continuing the work I did with modeling (if I did any) as I think through what is important, what goes where, what are the important nouns and verbs of my intermediate language. I drop back out of design mode to pick up various pieces of functionality, then continue the work. I'm usually looking for the biggest headache first -- might as well suffer now rather than later. Usually the biggest headaches are the ones that have greatest impact on whether your strategies are correct or not -- whether caching that huge list is going to work real-time or whether a distributed linked-list is going to work. But then I always end up spending the same amount of time on such vexing stuff as "How did I get that box blue, anyway?" or "why is that off by one pixel?" or something like that. Gee, I love programming. I am currently following this advice. All except for the part about not drinking the wine. I've enjoyed the heck outta this strategy. All except the point about making money. I'm concerned that the way we fund and review science has some big problems. I don't want to get into a 30,000 word essay here, but some sciences are starting to sound like echo-chambers where there is a narrative and research is supposed to support that narrative. Double-blind peer reviews should help with that, or at least try to help. But I remain skeptical that anything serious is going to be done until science completes politicizing itself somewhere in the next 2-3 decades. Yeah you're a fag so what do you know. (Sarcasm people! Sarcasm! Humor is tough to do in written form) I would add that there is a step 0 which is "you may be right, although I do not understand how..." which is how, if you think about it, you talk to people you deeply respect. I guess that's the extra-credit level for the internet, because it's rarely seen. Bunch of cool stuff out there -- Basecamp seems to be a fave. I'm writing an Agile PM tool as a side project right now. Let me know if you'd like to beta it. Good job, Darren. I did the same thing with a much more complicated tool suite a couple of years ago. Took a lot longer than a weekend! I'm glad to see the tooling is coming along so well. Good luck -- looks like a winner. Sounds like fun. Let's see what happens. Fun game! I played for twenty minutes before I started wondering how I could hack the site. I have no idea how long its legs are, but its a great example of making something fun for users with just a little code. Also there were at one point three Caliphates. The idea of a single Caliphate wasn't reality? If I recall correctly, there were always strongmen laying claim to the title. As a hacker and father of four (2 grown now) I've read this thread with interest. What books to read as a new dad? I wouldn't read any books. Or if you must read them, do so with a pinch of salt. Use your instinct. People in books will tell you all sorts of sounds-good things that rarely have any traction in the real world. It's like business tapes and self-help books: they know a bunch of people are out there looking for advice and they're going to pump your head full of something for your twenty bucks whether it works or not. I am going to try to make a simple observation that I hope is not too controversial. For all of those "I did X,Y, Z and it is so much better" folks, last I checked humans have been making little replacements for millions of years. These replacements have done all sorts of things like introduce philosophy, conquer sickness, sail the oceans, learn to fly, etc. And I guarantee that none of these hundreds of thousands of exceptional cases ever had a parent that read some special book. Perhaps there is a pattern to how they were raised. If so, that empirical data is long lost to history. So how about this? Try being a human with your kids. Seems to have worked for the rest of history except the last few decades. Might be worth giving it a shot, right? There are plenty of people out there who will read the books for you. Take a look around on this thread. And they will be more than willing to provide you their special "insight" on your situation -- complete with guilt trips, moral bromides, and sing-a-long philosophies. You should get used to these folks anyway, because whatever you do they'll still be there providing you with their counsel. Whether you want it or not. I was being somewhat rhetorical. But only somewhat. Your statement that "We don't magically know how to raise children" I find to be very interesting. How then, do we learn how to raise children? Certainly parenting is indeed built into the species, as it is in every other species. I would not go so far as to ban any learning at all, only to understand that there is a financial motive in people giving you advice from self-help books. New parents are nervous, worried about doing the right thing. This is exactly as it should be. In response to this worry the free market provides us with lots of "security blankets" in the form of books and advice to make us feel like we have nothing to worry about. The odd side-effect to this is that people reading different books feel the _other_ people are all full of tripe. Let the baby cry. Don't let the baby cry. Spank the kid. Don't ever spank the kid! Nurture children. Teach children self-reliance. Discipline. Self-exploration. These are somewhat contradictory to say the least. Here's an idea: when presented with lots of self-contradictory information, look at nature. Nature is neither good nor bad, nor is it necessarily optimized for modern life. But it certainly has worked for eons. Must be something of value going on in there. In fact, I lean towards trusting genetic learning over self-promotion any day. My opinion only. YMMV. Do not operate heavy machinery while raising your child. As anecdotal evidence, some of the worst parents (in my opinion) are those who are committed to being something other than themselves. They try so hard! Whatever the book they're reading, they imitate it almost exactly. They preach it to other parents and they look down their noses at the poor uneducated who haven't found their superior knowledge. Until the day comes when they've had a bad week, the kid is grouchy, life is bad, etc. Then wham! You got some parent wailing on their child (either emotionally or with corporeal punishment) What does that teach children? Mommy's so inept she needs a book to tell her how to act, and in reality she can't hold it together? I'd much rather just be myself. If you get angry -- get angry. Kids have to learn to live with angry people from time to time. If you feel grumpy, be grumpy. Geesh. We act like we're raising kids to live in some kind of world that doesn't exist. It just seems way too easy to lose track of common sense, that's all. The day one of these simulators does something unique and interesting that can't be done with other hardware -- I think we will have turned a very important corner. Something about this doesn't add up. There are bound to be non-trivial administrative costs and considerations involved with being a provider. How do you cover all sorts of complex admin and legal requirements with a free model? Yeah but DNS management ain't being a certificate authority. I mean, I have no idea the obstacles. Some that come to mind: having a certified secure location, keeping records in a fire-proof safe, having yearly audits, being bonded at some amount, etc. I know that some folks would consider these just BS barriers set up to keep the small guys out, but you could make a really good argument that to do what they want you should have to jump through some of these hoops. Beats me though. I'm just idly speculating. I'm sorry. I was unable to follow your comment. DNS management is harder than an unknown amount of administrative overhead for being a certificate authority? I'm not sure I can comment on that one. How would you know that to be true? Do you know all of the costs involved with being a certificate authority? If so, you haven't brought them up here. The next sentence about "having a certified secure location is actually less good than having a dispersed and challenged base" means what, exactly? I didn't think we were talking about what was good or not. The point was the expenses were difficult to overcome on a free model. And why would having a dispersed and challenged base be good? People who are somehow challenged and live in random locations are good to have? --- not tracking that. I have no idea what competitors would or wouldn't do. I believe that plays into my point: there are a lot more expenses in being an authority than simply running a crypto routine (from a secure key generator even) DNS administration is being done all over the place in all kinds of ways. The technology and market is mature. CAs are either mostly new or running a monopoly -- which means there's probably a lot of stuff going on behind the scenes which is proprietary. rms -- that's truly ironic. The commenter broke unwritten rules so you helped him out with advice. Then you gave him a bunch of karma, in the process also breaking unwritten rules and getting busted. And before pg says "it's in writing somewhere" -- the system shouldn't require people poking around the blog to figure out what will work or not. The whole karma thing gives me a headache. It's supposed to be for good articles, except in the case where you use it to agree or disagree, unless you disagree and you don't have enough karma, unless you use it too much, in which case... Ugh. It's like by insisting that it's a simple up and down arrow we've made the whole thing much more complicated than it needs to be. But hey! It looks simple on the page! I guess that's something. Great article that is politically unpopular. Nice use of textbooks as examples, unemployment rates, labor policies -- you could go on with this theme to any amount of detail required by the naysayers here. Sure it's a commentary, but that's what analysis pieces are supposed to be like. You can question whether the thesis was supported or not -- I found it adequately done for the genre. But the most interesting part of the piece is the reaction from the commenters here. The things attacked in the article -- nice cushy jobs for life, the view of politics as the marxist battle between the proletariat and the bourgeoisie, the view that political protest is required for job creation -- that's all part of the modern narrative in many colleges. So it's no surprise that such an attack would elicit so many apologists for the Germans and French. I love the Germans and French, but you don't see very many startups at all coming out of there. I know I would never want to try a startup there nor would I want to take a well-developed company to one of these countries. For those of you who disagree, here's your chance! Go found a great startup in France and let us know how it went for you. BTW, good luck with the local workforce, governmental regulations, and pervasive politics. I like it. I've kicked around this idea for a couple of years now. Now automate the sliders for me. I like "code monkey" I've had all kinds of titles: PM, architect (project, enterprise, and system), senior developer, lead, tech lead, design team lead, DBA, trainer, mentor, coach. I've had 'em all -- and I like "code monkey" the best. You're making an argument around the virtues of HN. I agree with them. My point is about how software should operate not a bout how the community should operate. Good software should be simple to use and understand. You say you do not agree with what I said, yet it does not look like you have addressed my point. Perhaps I made my point poorly. If so, apologies. While I'm onboard with the community + software = experience, let's look at the problems. Let's say I posted a comment, "I love monkeys" and got down-voted to like -10 or something. Aside from relevance questions, perhaps HN is an anti-monkey society. How, from just the score, am I supposed to know that? In other words, by limiting my choice to simple up or down arrows, it makes the other guy scratch his head trying to figure out exactly how his comment was misconfigured for the group. So then he has to plead for somebody to explain that to him. Hopefully, he will get an explanation from somebody who represents the majority of downvoters, but that doesn't have to be the case. He's just as likely to receive advice from somebody, as in this case, who didn't know other huge parts of the community rules. I love the social networking aspect of the site. But I'm not a fan of the current software as a communication tool between users or as something that would increase (instead of decrease) that experience. BTW, that's why so many "here's my picture of Dilbert" articles are posted -- there's less risk in offending anyone, and heck, you can't figure out what you did when you get downvoted anyway, so might as well go with easy, fast, and funny content over content that might have more substance (and be riskier from the point of view of the submitter) Yeah I got your point about a tld. But I don't think the equivalent for root CAs are something like "man-in-the-middle" attacks. Seems it would be much more political in nature -- ie, something like "next year you guys have to all learn Klingon, wear the same clothes, juggle at least 4 hours a week, and then put up a million in escrow to reduce our risk" After all, it's a trust game, right? So if you're one of the few people running root CAs, you're going to make it really, really difficult to be able to trust other people at your level -- for the benefit of the users, obviously As we both know, setting up just any old kind of CA isn't the toughest thing in the world to do. It's getting accepted by the community and making the certificates into something useful that's going to be a pain. "Argument is an intellectual process. Contradiction is just the automatic gainsaying of any statement the other person makes..." http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teMlv3ripSM Solution: Re-brand IE as "Microsoft Web Viewer" or some such and start with a clean slate and a clean set of core libraries. All the version-checking routines will not discover IE, so the IE hacks will be irrelevant. MS gets a chance to leap-frog the competition by starting over (even though it's going to suck -- sometimes you just have to suck it up) Or -- continue having a strategic plan that goes two directions at the same time. BTW, this solution works for some of the other problems Microsoft is having. Once you give up the idea of trying to lock people into a brand name and start thinking about the best ways to provide solutions, you don't have these kinds of problems. I can't comment on the HN part of your comment, but I like the way you think, rms. People who design interactive web experiences do so under a lot of assumptions. Seems like you are always asking about the edge cases where the assumptions fall flat. What if I want to game the system to get as much karma as possible? What if I want to sell my karma -- it was my time I spent on the site, why shouldn't I own that effort I put in. Would it be any different than sitting side-by-side with another user and telling them how to work the site? I have a feeling it ticks people off, but I like the questions. I think awesome business opportunities are built around folks who ask the same kind of askew questions that others don't consider. It's the lackeys following the main path of least resistance that have a harder time. Good luck with your trip through the wilderness. This is a really, really, bad article. I got nothing from it. I think this is a case where I would use a down-vote on an article submission. It has nothing to do with being pro or anti microsoft. The submission is just feeble, ugly, immature, and a waste of our time. Interesting that it was a quantity measurement, not a quality measurement (which would be very hard to do, I imagine) Seems obvious that if you're out drinking beer you're not writing :) Like a lot of things, somebody else thought of it, but Clarke put popularized it. I'd argue Clarke's job was more important. Same goes for a lot of songs. Great song writers write a lot of stuff, but until some half-rate performer popularizes it, it's just notes on a page. For that matter, same goes for good ideas. Lots of folks have them. Takes something special to take an idea and put it into millions of minds. Clarke was the man. He didn't do everything, but eulogies are made to evoke fond memories, not get translated verbatim into a history book. The correct analogy would be suicide -- stop eating, drinking, and breathing, and you enter the "rest state" Murder, because it involves another actor, misses the point. That is, unless you believe that some people "make" other people poor during the course of regular life -- an odd and unsupported statement. I would agree that there are plenty causes of people losing what they own. Seems to me, however, that no matter how much money you have, you cease to be poor once you move beyond looking to external actors for the source of your internal pain. Or perhaps that statement is a bit too Zen for the board. Dunno. Once I conquer the known universe and establish domination over the laws of physics, I'd like to run a sub shop. On the beach. People walk in wearing t-shirts and flip-flops, I make them a sandwich, and they go away happy. Immediate gratification for both of us, plus I get to invent cool sandwiches. And fresh bread too! I've been doing this for years. The best metric I have for you is hours of work per dollar of value to the customer. Paul G makes an observation in one of his many essays about having customers call up with problems and being able to fix the problem immediately -- while the customer was on the phone. No muss, no fuss. That's direct value to the end-user in a minimal amount of time. That's what you want. Somehow we always get into these "terseness of language" discussions. It reminds me of the old game show "Name that tune" in which contestants made wagers on how few notes they needed to name a popular song. Programmers are like that -- "I can write an entire TCP stack in just 3 lines of code!" Something about this seems to miss the point, but what do I know? At any one point when programming on a modern operating system, I'm responsible for hundreds of thousands if not millions of lines of code. Hopefully 99.999% of that I never touch. But guess what? Those three-line-code guys are responsible for just as much, it's all just a matter of how you want to count things. So focus on time-to-value, not lines of code. You can add-in time-to-unique-value, which is the time it takes you to provide unique value to your customers. This is a little more interesting, but not all software projects have to be unique. In fact, some guy right now is probably writing the next million-dollar app and the code base probably is something like printf("Hello World"); I would suggest we be careful with definitions here. Certainly certain policies impact certain jobs. My grandfather was a farmer. That is, until the economy changed. Then he wasn't a farmer any more.The policy may have had negative impacts on farmers, but it could only have a very limited impact on my grandfather. I would also distinguish between "making somebody poor" and "poverty", which is a state of existence. Likewise, I would also distinguish between internal poverty, ie, despair, and external poverty -- lack of money. The definitions always get you on these things. For instance, most people are familiar with studies that show "the rich get richer while the poor get poorer" in some western societies like the United States. What readers fail to gleam from these studies is that while the numbers for the quintiles do show those movements, people move around between quintiles a lot more than is acknowledged. So when we say the poor get poorer, we are confusing the statistical average of a category of random people with actual, real people. Actual, real people move about in income levels quite a bit. The statistical bottom fifth of people in general, however, is not doing so well. Likewise when we talk about poverty, or the economy, or social policy, we're dealing in large, averaged groups of things, not individual people. It makes a difference because we are individual, unique people, not statistical clumps. I'm not saying that the internal attitudes of a person is enough to overcome any external obstacle. What I am saying is that the way we internalize external challenges is a better measure of anti-poverty and future happiness than the amount of money we have in the bank. Therefore, you cannot "kill" me, make me poor, by taking away my money. My internal wealth is outside of your ability to change. I'd give it 25 years. The tech is mostly there, agreed. Too much social upheaval to happen very soon. My guess is that you will see incremental robot cars. First we'll have "smart cruise control" that will pace with the cars in front of you. Then we'll have "smart obstacle detection" to prevent you from backing over stuff you can't see. Then "auto parallel parking", then something like "interstate cruise" where the vehicle stays on an interstate from the on-ramp to the off-ramp (no pedestrians and little distractions. Then something like "last mile cruise" where the car learns how you get that last mile home, including working the garage opener and stopping for the mail. We've already got the first few of these, albeit in different vehicles. What car makers need to do is not deploy robot trucking, but deploy incremental features that people will go "Wow! Gotta have one of those!" without doing so much that it sounds threatening. I know I'd snap up something like interstate cruise in a heartbeat. Also don't count out the impact of the military: if DoD has auto vehicles (and that cool 4-legged robot) as part of it's daily operations, people are going to want the same at home. Somebody is going to do it if you don't, so I'm not sure our answer to the question matters, does it? I am firmly in the camp of "HN will eventually go to heck" -- mainly because of the mod system and the way these things tend to drive to the lowest common denominator. I know that the good-article-per-page ratio today is not as good as it was 6 months ago. But hey, pg wants to play this thing out, so crank 'er up, right? Brandon, Thanks for the personal observations. I find that I never make such a black-or-white decision: usually I have periods of increased or decreased usage which eventually peters completely out. So it's interesting to see someone who is either participating or not. Don't let the commenters bug you -- one of the not-so-good traits here is that they sometimes seem to have a bit of a self-admiration society going on. It's not unusual that your post would get criticized. I found it right on-target for what I liked about news.yc -- some person making an observation about the market/program/philosophy-of-business and then asking others for comments. I remember some great AskYC and AskPG questions. Don't seem to see those a lot any more -- at least not as much as before. People who provide honest negative feedback are doing a great service for a community like this. PG owes you thanks for taking the time to rant a bit on the way out. Good comment. I notice that your karma is over 4000. Could it be that you're just one of the "chosen few" who are supposed to represent the community at large? If so, it would stand to reason that your karma would go through the roof and you would be finding the site more and more interesting. I wonder if the reverse holds true: if by choosing the "holders of quality" it also has the effect of choosing certain personality types as being "anti-quality" In other words, when a site gravitates to being represented by a select few (which we all know happens) does it also tend to completely turn off people of opposite personalities and tastes? This is probably not such a big deal with a low volume of articles and submissions, ie, everybody gets a chance to make a difference in the conversation. In a 10-article-per-day site, everybody's opinion can get something on the front page. But as the volume increases, individuals get lost in the system and those that don't exactly match the opinions of the select few feel more and more isolated. Just wildly speculating here. I didn't mean to criticize you personally, just using your account and comment as an example. Hope that is okay. Lambda functions and closures in C++. E-gads man! Wasn't the language complex enough already! I have to say: I love it. C++ has always been my favorite language that I don't program in. It's like kung-fu for programmers. You can attack any problem. But most times we don't need kung-fu. There's nothing like "getting in the zone" with a good C++ program. It's a thing of beauty. And if you're doing stuff that you have to use the tool, like writing drivers, low-level stuff, doing some "break the rules" programming, it's the best there is. I wrote a shell extender for windows many years ago in C++. I got to change the desktop and file system to work the way I wanted it to. Very neat stuff. The sad fact is that most of the time you can make more money writing something with a much higher level language. And you can make it faster and adapt to the market faster. So C++ is a tougher language to use for startups, in my opinion (although it is still my favorite) Can you imagine the trouble you can get into with macros, lambda functions, and unsafe pointers? How about throwing i some operator overloading? It's like a playground for nuclear weapons. Now we're cooking I think we should redirect the warp drive through the deflector array. Either that or jettison the anti-matter pods. EDIT: We should also re-phase the dilithium crystals before we lose containment in the nacelles. Ok Ok -- I deserve a score of zero for that one. But I couldn't resist. Sometimes humor can be instructive, right? : ) Resistance is futile I'm consulting for a really large client, teaching teams how to deliver technology quickly, so I'm not working on my startup. I don't believe you can do a startup half-way. But in my spare time I'm thinking about writing a book about how to run Agile projects in large organizations. If anybody is interested, drop me a line. My email is in my profile. I think in general you are correct, but the devil lies in the details. The way people think about the word "agile", oddly enough, can be really inflexible. Somebody gets a CSM, reads a few Cohn books, or gets hooked on Crystal. Suddenly their definition of "agile" is exactly what they read -- no more and no less. I read once that a programmer tried agile and gave up after arguing for two hours about what to put on the story card. This kind of BS happens a lot: it's the nature of dealing with large numbers of people who see things as binary. If you understand the _principles_ of agile, and why they work, then all the books and authors are just re-digesting common sense and peddling them as books. At that level of understanding you can work on all sorts of things: new development, existing development, non-software work, etc. That's where my team is trying to take this organization I'm working with. The problem is that influencing large populations (thousands and tens of thousands) of technical people is far worse than herding cats. It's more like trying to get angry flaming weasels to perform circus acts by using a twinkie and a Disney song. icky -- don't know if you know it or not, but Paul's writing his own application language, Arc, and testing it out on this board. To my knowledge he is not using an Apache stack. In addition, he's doing a keyed-continuations deal across loads/posts, so he's effectively keeping the stack around for each user. Really cool stuff, but I can see where memory can become an issue. He's probably running into paging issues and trying this out as a fix. At least I think that is the situation. And what was the result of this marvelous interlude? The author never tells us. This is an interesting counter-point to the "do something, anything -- right now" school of thought. I think "good ideas", whatever that term means, motivates people to get into the arena. You need something that you feel makes sese with the world. Once you're in the arena, however, it's the flexibility and adaptation that matters. (Fair warning: I'm blowing smoke here, as all I've done is struggle these last few years) There are two things that I have noticed. First, no matter what your idea or concept, once you put enough work into it you tend to get motivated. So motivation can come later, not at the beginning or a project. Second, really good concepts exist whether you work on them or not. I know -- I've had a couple of really good concepts I've worked on which didn't work out. My execution ability lacked. But the concept didn't just dissapear -- heck no. Some other groups with a lot more execution ability took them and ran with them. (and made a lot of money) This leads me to believe that really good concepts are like races. Once you "get it", be assured that a dozen or more other people have it also. So you're in a race. I say take all the time you want finding something you feel has magic, but once you got it, run like heck as fast as you can, because time is running out. I'm in a mode currently where I'm consulting and saving for a few months to run as a startup for a year or so. In the last couple of days I had one of those "ah-ha" moments that occur to me every few years or so. Quite frankly, it scares the crap out of me -- I'm not ready, it's bad timing, I don't have a team in place, etc. But once the idea clicks, the clock starts ticking. BTW -- anybody interesteed in doing some P2P-type startup work and looking for a team, drop me a line. EDIT: And I'm not actually an "idea" person. By good idea in this post, I mean a general fuzzy concept that maximizes dozens of criteria simultaneously: marketing, money, deployment, etc. It's an area of interest, perhaps a slogan. But not a concrete thing. You get the concrete thing by executing the concept in the real world, not by imagining it. I'd like to think that hacker news is an upbeat site. If the world catches fire, we're the guys who will be making fire extinguishers. Perhaps it is me, but I like to think of starting a new venture to be an upbeat, positive, optimistic way of life. Observations about the state of the world or the economy are interesting only so much as they fit into startup plans, and time has shown again and again that you can run a startup in any environment. Just my two cents. Okay. I have a few. First question: why? You guys are smart/energetic/young/etc -- why do this? Why not join BigCorp or become a priest or something? Second question: What do you worry about the most? What keeps you up at night? Third question: If you could only pick one thing to validate your reason for forming a startup, what would it be? In other words, what would be the single biggest indicator to you that you are doing the right thing? I hope this comment doesn't sound trollish -- but it's a question that has been buggin' me. So where are the geeks who are excited enough to update a piece of open-source software to help newbies out? I mean, if I were contributing to the greater good and all, seems like it would be with something that I personally had a need to do. While I'm sure that most contributors think of the noobs, where is the cohesive push for simplification of user experience? It's always seemed like to me that FOSS was great for geeks who wanted to keep adding cool stuff and sharing it, but the motivator is -- excitement. It's still an economy going on, it's just about emotion. I just don't understand how people get excited about stuff that seems archaic or strange to them. I think you misread the article. The article was about improving your programming career, not creating solutions, forming a startup, becoming a great programmer, etc. To improve a career, you need to communicate better. It didn't say that it was the single most important thing to do overall. It was specifically about career advancement. Even in the startup arena, there are lots of capable coders who have created awesome solutions who just don't know how to connect and communicate to the right people. After all, it's not the idea -- heck, it's not even the code, it's the ability to communicate effectively to people that makes a startup run. You can have the next best thing to sliced bread and if you're not able to communicate (market, sell, persuade) it doesn't really amount to much, right? I would like to second the call for an immediate stop to elephant groping. Elephants are a dear and treasured species. This continual assault by blind people and various other gropers have too often left our Loxodonta Africanan friends cowering in terror. As for RoR, I'll simply quote a good friend of mine. "RoR rocks! Scaling isn't that big a deal. Took us over six months to get the stack just right for a recent customer." Ugh. You know, simulated universes might not exist simply to exist. For instance, perhaps they are a form of communication? We could be just a really complex story that one being is telling to another. We're going to Disney World! I don't read this guy that much, and (to the best of my knowledge) I haven't griped about his style. I like Groove, at least until Microsoft bought it. I use it everyday and it rocks. Whether or not something is over-architected or not is beside the point: does it deliver value for my needs. Groove does. You can make the case that it does a lot of stuff that I don't care about. So what? Pen and paper? E-gads man! Yes, of course wire-frame with _pencil_ and paper. I was specifically thinking of a tool that could show some design patterns -- typography, color schemes, use of white space, and then help put together a static page. Just something as a calling card/vision tool, something to give an idea of what the user experience and benefits would be like with the completed product. In a busy/crowded market, it seems to me that interface design is more important than ever. I get the sense that a big part of the story didn't get told here. For instance, how did those guys get the financing to buyout the Enron stuff? Where are the investors coming from -- locally, inside-the-company, etc. I'd also like to hear how a relatively small startup pulled down some big international players. Getting business from local investor-types is one thing: loading up with huge DoD sensitive stuff isn't something you just wake up one day and do. Nice article. So take a little time and hypothesize about your market and marketing plan. I believe what is unsaid is that you iterate, and both the product "code first" and the plan "marketing" continue to iterate and evolve. Over time your idea of who your market is becomes one with your solution and your sales. Seems like a non-controversial and practical piece of advice. I liked it. I never liked the patterns books because I always thought they gave you solutions without knowing what the problem was. Ever learn MVC? Might be a good place to start. Sure enough. So your question is "How do I write good controllers?" It's kinda hard for me to give you specific advice without a model and a set of behaviors to traverse. I guess "do good things" and "don't do stupid things" is about it. Singletons are not evil, but, like, gotos, I'd try to avoid them if at all possible. In my experience, once you've matured the model enough for it to be code, you're automatically thinking in terms that leads to good design. Singletons pop out when you start with a small piece of the problem and try to bludgeon whatever you've got into a solution. These problems arise when you start to design from the bottom-up and use functional paradigms instead of OO paradigms. Nothing wrong with that, but for good code you should really pick one or the other and stick with it. Not sure if I'm being helpful to you or not, but I'll reply again hoping I hit on something that you find useful. I think the question is: at what point when designing from the bottom-up do you realize it was shorter to come at it from the top down? And at that point do you do a "52-pickup" and refactor, make the best of what you have, or continue working the way you were? I used to do this, but haven't for a long time. I was really suprised when I got into this same mess a year or two ago writing a system that had multiple datasources and multiple valid object graphs. Looking at this from the distance of a year or more, my mistake was in paradigms. I really should have went totally functional with the project instead of trying a classic OOP-tiering structure. Because my head was in the wrong place, I was like a guy with a square peg trying to get it into a round hole -- I just kept thinking I needed a bigger hammer. Now I could have still kept an OO mentality and solved the problem -- no doubt about it. But that would have required more design up front than I gave it. So in this case lack of sufficient thinking up front combined with my head being in the wrong space caused the code base to be a lot more jumbled than it should have been. Have you seen some of these guys? Hey -- count your blessings. (Just kidding!) "there seems to be a backlash against type safety in this forum" You've said what I've been thinking for many months now. We've also got a strong contingent of anti-MS ranters. As to the merits of the article -- there are none. Oddly enough, I can't make a case against his argument because he doesn't have one, save his ultimate realization that it was the language itself. "It came to me in a dream" is a very difficult thing to take issue with. I mean MS in terms of the entire corporation, ie, all that comes from MS is bad. Last time I wrote in MFC was about five years ago. As I recall, I got up to speed by reading a couple books which went over basic application design stuff in Win32. Didn't seem too bad to me -- I even did some COM stuff and some hooks and such. But like I said, that was a while ago. I wasn't a crazy fan or anything, but the tools did the work I wanted to do. Ya -- mixing complex hierarchical OO libraries and programming metaphors in one project? It does sound like a trip through the underworld. But it's not OOP's fault, and to the degree that Microsoft had to release something early (in order to support their Win32 framework) and keep supporting it -- it's not their fault either. You can go with a lightweight (?!?!) framework around your API, a la MFC, or more of a true framework, like OWL. But in either case, comparing a what? 12-year old framework system with something more recent isn't exactly apples and apples. I'm not trying to make excuses but heck, the whole reason we grow new frameworks is because old ones get too bloated and brittle. Rock on with Boost, but don't compare apples and oranges. Maybe it's me, but professionals are supposed to know the hard-to-use crap and should be able to swim around in that stuff like a fish in water. Hey -- just my two cents. No matter how you cut it, C++ is a killer language when it comes to complexity -- and that's without the freaking frameworks! OO is all goodness, just like FP. But the way it is implemented by some people can make it impossible to easily understand or modify -- just like FP. OO is simply organizing your code before/as you write it. Combined with UML, it can be a kick-ass way of describing your general strategy for dealing with complex problems. Or it can take something simple and make it into a monster -- it's up to you. Another way of looking at OO is that you are building your own language as you go along by starting with nouns (types) and adding all sorts of verb-clauses to hook them together. You can do this in a super-cool, easy-to-understand way, or you can get a bit carried away and try to recreate the dictionary when you only need a few nouns and a few verbs. OO's goal is not tight, beautiful, concurrent code. You want to feel like Picasso or Spock, go write FP. For all of those reasons, OO just isn't as sexy as FP. You're not writing something that scales to a zillion users right out of the bag. You're not doing a lot of meta-programming, recursion, lambda calculus and such. You're not writing anything sneaky, clever, or bound to impress the other nerds. Everything just looks plain Jane. Add to that all of the examples of bad pattern usage and other atrocities in the OO world and I can easily see why other ways of doing things can seem more attractive. Hi guys. I love discussing politics. Talking about your philosophy of life, government, and moral obligations to your fellow man (or not). Even the idea that political choices are mostly emotional and then justified by logic is a way cool topic. Just let's not do that here, okay? I like you guys, and I'm not interested in pissing off half the crowd with my political views. Nor am I interested in reading a bunch of "heck yeah!" posts about any party or candidate -- I find them pedantic. I've got plenty of other places on the net for that stuff. Now a story about opportunities for how startups are making big bucks with new technology in the campaigns? -- love to see some of that stuff. With agile teams all the buzz right now, thought you guys would like this. At the risk of sounding like a Chinese Fortune Cookie: be where you are. I've been through various major changes like this while working hard technology problems. Sometimes I tried to put my head into the computer and it just didn't work. Other times it was the best thing to do. Take time and make yourself grieve. If you need a little alcohol, or a sad movie, or some quiet time in a park -- do whatever it takes to make sure you have given yourself permission to cry. Be in that grief and live it. I almost want to say "enjoy" it, because grieving is a process of remembrance and release. Then get back to work. If you haven't grieved enough (you find yourself still obsesses with thinking of your friend) then your head and you heart are in different places. Be where you are. Live in that world fully. I was just thinking how remarkable it was that where gas prices mattered less, votes lined up for Kerry. Interesting that those that see high gas prices as a natural way towards a higher-evolved energy system are those who have the least skin in the game. For the last couple of months I've been giving a short presentation to some of my software teams. At the end, I have a slide with "42" on it. I usually say, "And for the answer to everything else, here it is." Interestingly enough, the analysts don't get it, the PMs sometimes get it, but the programmers most always get the allusion. I should start putting something about cats in there...or perhaps parrots pining for the fjords. A single up-down arrow system is fracked. Are you agreeing or disagreeing? Are you recommending or dis-recommending? Can you tell the difference? Are you acting petty or noble? Do you like or dislike the poster? Did he/she take you to the cleaners the last time you disagreed online? These systems do not promote healthy, honest, respectful discussion. They promote lock-step agreement with wherever the majority is going. Most people vote their emotions, not their head. With that in mind, the karma system is a system to enforce that overall you're going to say things people mostly agree with -- not that they find interesting or new. This leads to a "me too" board, where there are pre-decided opinions on everything and posters struggle to pat each other on the back in new and interesting ways. I exaggerate, but only to a point. As you can see on other boards, this is a real and deleterious condition. (Please insert John Stuart Mill's argument for the utility of listening to minority opinions here) By SharePoint I'm assuming you mean Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (MOSS) 2007 I had a client last year that was looking into it, so I did a lot of research and playing around for them. I probably read about eight books on it. In addition, I wrote a small application that automates the hooking up of Sharepoint into other Enterprise datastores (like web services or DB2 databases) I also am using at my one of my large clients. I know a little about it. Yes, it's a beast, but large-app software is like that, so everybody stop complaining. It also has fine-grained security, so that comment was off-base. I think the learning curve is too steep for Joe Blow the startup guy to use to it's maximum effectiveness. On the other hand, it does enough out of the box to make it an interesting option for small teams. The shared calendaring in Outlook and shared list management in Access make it attractive. Add in offline access with Groove, and learning just a few features can give a team a lot of power. To really understand MOSS you have to realize that it is the future of Microsoft's platform: shove everything out onto the web, then write workflow and security and forms management and office integration into it. Office becomes more of a gateway to use SharePoint than a stand-alone product. I know the first time I saw the workflow engine work _inside_ of Office docs I thought that was a pretty cool integration. Likewise, endusers being able to create their own web pages with live data from other systems? Neat. I can see a natural progression for a startup to begin with Groove, then graduate to MOSS once things start cooking. It would certainly be better than using a dozen other free apps that all do not interoperate -- as long as you don't eat up precious time fooling around with it. The whole point is to leverage the parts that work together naturally, not become a MOSS expert. But the look of the thing? Butt-ugly. No getting around that. The UI is so bad it's hard to convince people that there is as much going on under the hood as there is. In short, I'm not crazy about it, but the more I think about it, the more value I can see it bringing a small team. Misleading article. To say sychronizing files from your PDA to your Ford is the same as sharing folders on the web? That's a bit of a stretch. Could there be some kind of uber- sharing-synchronization program? Beats me. Seems like there are a lot of market segments and problems. Why would we want one, big, bulky product that does a gazillion different types of synchronization? You see, Microsoft gets it both ways. They write the product that does everything, people bitch about enterprise apps. If they write a dozen niche products that are somewhat similar, people bitch about duplication. For me? I'm a big Groove fan, even if they did cut the crap out of the features to make it less competitive with their other stuff. Might want to look into NetTiers (www.NetTiers.com). I haven't coded in a few months, and I'm not a RoR expert, but when talking to my RoR friends it seems like NT does a lot of the same stuff. You know, I thought about this for a while before down-voting it. I very rarely downvote -- maybe I have downvoted ten times in the last year. Let's review: "Not hacker news" "One less fevered ego tainting our collective unconscious. Good." That kind of brazen disregard for humanity is anathema to any organized conversation, in my opinion. I'd down-vote you again if I could. As a political junkie, I like watching the Sunday-morning talkers. Yes, Russert was a democrat and had worked on several campaigns before joining NBC, but he was good at what he did and brought a joy to his work that was infectious. I'm sure he did a lot of good and bad things, but most of all he was a human, a human I spent several dozen hours watching over the course of my life. He deserves better than that comment.If it's not for the board, fair enough. You know, it's quite possible to disagree with people, even hate their behavior, without demonizing the person themselves. "Powerful elites [using] his show to control the way they distributed propaganda"?? I feel like I need a shower after reading it. This, friends, is why politics shouldn't be on HN. If you feel you need to launch into some tirade about multi-national corporations using mind control to enslave the population, take it somewhere else. I don't think this story had to be political at all. Famous talking-head dies. What sorts of neat startup attributes did he have? Downvotes without an explanation have no meaning. You should be required to explain why you downvoted. If a downvote means "I'd like to see fewer comments like this" -- then, why? What is wrong? Is it off-topic, rude, you disgaree, it used words you don't like, it ran on too long. What, what, what is the problem?!?! A downvote gives you nothing but some vague feeling that you broke some kind of social rule or norm somewhere _without actually explaining what it was you did_ Downvotes are mostly non-useful and promote "safe" comments, which have a tendency to be boring. I remember in the 2000 election mess, Russet pulls out a whiteboard and on national TV starts sketching out some ideas about how things might play out. He was so absorbed in his work he was looking at "what's the best tool right now to get from point A to point B" not necessarily what the most or least telegenic thing to do might be. I believe he's the guy who gave us the entire concept of "red states" and "blue states" I'm sure he had a lot of faults, but it's obvious he was competing well at a national level, and having a blast doing it. If I remember, in the last year or two the network bought him some huge freaking interactive map to use on the air. He used it once and then went back to the whiteboard -- the whiteboard was just enough functionality to do what he needed and not any more. Lots of good startup lessons here -- or at the very least lots of good life lessons. The only thing that makes sense to me is two sets of dropdowns, instead of the up and down arrow. The dropdowns would have various positive categories "agree", "insightful", "humorous", etc. and various negative categories, "disagree", "inane", "troll", etc. Instead of clicking up or down, you click the positive or negative attribute you use to categorize the comment. What with clicking the drop-down, it's a two click system instead of a one-click system, but heck, to me it makes a lot more sense. LPTS -- I haven't had a lot to say to you on this thread. I think you're sadly off in your own world somewhere, but hey, we all have to live somewhere. I just didn't see the point of trying to chase you down over HN. Logic and language games are always fun -- another reason I like politics so much. Part of this comment, however, deserves a reply. I can see where people think you're not very emotional and you would feel complimented by being called emotional. I would ask you to honestly consider that all people are emotional creatures. The more you've heard in your life how logical you are, the more you've probably bought into it. It's a lie. Rule #1: People believe what they want to believe and use their mind and reasoning capability to justify it. Rule #2: This is always easy to see in other people but tough as heck to see in yourself. I post this because HN is full of bright, ambitious people. We're just the type of people to be logical, analytical, cold, etc. The sooner we all realize that introspection is more valuable than argument, the sooner we can work more effectively as a team. You see, good teams are full of these broken mammals called humans, each looking out after the other guy's blind spots. It's not a Vulcan debating society. That's it for the sermon. I ran this through an automated text summarizer. Didn't make much sense then, either. Best I got was a discussion on languages running on top of the JVM and a mention of PG. EDIT: This was a very poor post, but I think there's enough in there to discuss (aside from the awful first amendment stuff and the rhetorical rambling that went on -- please, learn to structure your arguments!) I'd like to bring up one interesting point: Karma shouldn't matter -- yet the entire site is built on karma: who has more can downmod comments, top posters are regularly identified, all sorts of fun articles come out about how karma relates to posting style, etc. You can't have a karma system and then say "but it doesn't mean something" Surely it's not the end-all or the greatest thing ever created, but the entire reason karma works is that it has some value to the users. So however the discussion proceeds, can we please get beyond this "but karma shouldn't matter when you post" That's like saying it's okay to lose a couple of points in tennis if you're having a good time. It's a true statement, but it does not describe how one plays tennis. (instead it describes how having fun is more important than the rules, which is true of all sorts of things) If we're going to discuss one particular rule/moderation system, then such comments are unhelpful, imo. If all they have is nonsense, then they shouldn't be able to downvote, right? What is the argument here, I don't want other people to see it but I can't say why? I'm not sold on this, but I can see what the author is trying to say. It would have been good for him to make a concrete argument rather than one based on theory. For instance, on several projects I've had code that used getters/setters all over the place. But there was no direct access to private variables. When I was debugging and had a private variable in a bad state, I just set the break point on the setter -- caught the bug every time. Now maybe I'm out of whack, but I'd like to see another concrete example on the other side. I get the whole noun/verb deal -- heck, I teach it. But what I'm interested in is how exactly Object.Property breaks encapsulation? After all, the caller has no idea how the underlying storage/retrieval is executed. There is a minimalist philosophy here -- only do what you have to do. I think that's the best argument he has. But he didn't specifically call it out. Could call it CancelMe -- For $5 you could cancel any one of a dozen major evil fee spammers. I like it. Somebody contact me (info in profile) if they would like to explore this further. Not sure the profit model on this one -- seems like once the data is correlated it's just the same data, whereas a service would have individual meaning to each customer (a la "get these clowns off my back!") I can think of at least five other "cousins" of this idea. No matter how you do it, there's a big imbalance between providers and consumers -- and wherever there is an imbalance, there is economic opportunity. Only after going through a dozen menus, calling a Voice System, and copying a special code from your e-mail into a small text box one character at a time : ) Got it -- thanks. Carlin used to do a straight stand-up kinda gig, with a suit and a tie and the lot. Used to play Saturday nights at the Holiday Inn to a bunch of middle-aged salesmen. Then he realized that he could do a 180 and instead do a routine attacking the system. That's when he really took off. He hit his stride during the late 60s/early 70s with a completely new and growing market: the kids. This is a good example of the same product (Carlin) working at a mediocre level in one market and being a complete success in another. It takes guts to change your market positioning! I loved some of his stuff. In all fairness, to me some of his stuff towards the end sounded like "old angry hippie tries to stay relevant" But he was a genius by any measure. Somewhere up in Vallhalla Odin is probably laughing right now at the cats and dogs routine.