I am baffled by these new trends. I have seen websites that need scalability cache all the DB queries in memcached, but the queries didn't have any large degree of temporal locality. How is this supposed to do anything other than move the database into memory? Shouldn't the DBMS already do that by itself? The only benefit I can see is that the queries would be memoized instead of having to be run again and again, but I'm not sure that would be such a great advantage if the entire DB was loaded in memory. Anyway, I'm just thinking aloud here, but it seems to me that in many cases you really don't want a caching layer above the DB... It's better if you actually own the small company, though... No, we're never going to show your content to other users (or to anyone else), it's private. The policy is the same as del.icio.us's, I thought it was made clear in there that we won't share anything, but I'll clarify it. What we might do is show lists of the ten most popular URLs, for example. Since those are indexed by many people, nobody will be able to personally identify anyone. We wouldn't even keep the page, but it's necessary for reindexing things if something goes wrong (e.g. we are thinking of changing the search engine, and it would require a wipe of everyone's history if we didn't keep the pages). In short, no, we will never show your cached pages or even your URLs, except in very anonymized circumstances. What's a google? Uh, the voice is not autogenerated (it sounds natural), and hence it's 100% certain that this was scripted? First of all, thanks very much for your feedback! To address your points, there are no plans for your bookmarks to be public, or have an option to show a page with them, either. The nature of the site doesn't lend itself to public bookmarks at all, as there is no list of bookmarks to publicise in the first place. To make it public we would have to add a search box for people to search in your bookmarks, which may or may not be useful... I see what you mean about it, and I agree, but many people have said "I will never use this if I can't have privacy", so we listened to them. It might, however, be a typical case of the users not knowing what they want, because nobody seems to mind facebook... I'd like one like that too :( Thank you for your feedback, it is much appreciated! The point of the site is to not have lists of bookmarks, though, so you can add many many sites and then find them easily. I find that, if I have a list, I tend to either try and keep it tidy or, if I don't, I just get frustrated and never look at it. We wanted historious to never show you the extent of your bookmarks, and to just give you the info you want transparently. That's why the notion of "public bookmarks" is hard to apply here... Thank you, we hope so too! Thank you for your feedback! To address your points: - There is currently a feature to import from delicious (go to "historify site"), but it has been temporarily disabled while we make our crawler multithreaded, because the unexpected popularity and people trying to import thousands of links at once made indexing very slow for everyone. It should be up again in the next few days. - That is a very good idea! I'm not sure if the delicious dump file has them, but it should, I'll add it to our bug tracker, thanks! Your points are very valid. It is also my personal opinion that people say one thing and do another, as far as privacy is concerned. I will put the policy change on the table and we will think about ways to make the service amenable to shared bookmarks, as it would indeed be a good feature. Currently, a way of sharing that I, personally, have found works pretty well is to enable AutoTweet, which tweets your historified links with a tag. Then you can search for #historified and you see links people all over the world have historified. That is just an aside, however, and we will absolutely look into link sharing. We don't want to use your links for nefarious purposes or to divulge anything embarrassing, but having a more lax policy that enables sharing is something we do want. Thank you again for your feedback, it is sincerely appreciated. Hmm, that only searches in the title, though, doesn't it? Importing from delicious exists (click "historify site" on the top right) and will be re-enabled as soon as we finish testing the new, faster backend. Please stay tuned (and follow us at @historrific), we're sciencing as fast as we can! You mean the screen you see the first time you log in? That's just a short preamble to tell you how to use historious (many people aren't very technically minded and don't immediately see how to use the service). Hopefully it's not too much to read quickly, though! Thanks for your feedback! EDIT: Sorry, I didn't answer your first question: We use a Linode in Georgia, so if you're near there it should be pretty fast (their servers are quite fast too). I never thought of it that way, but you are absolutely right. Thank you for that perspective. As I mentioned below, there is a delicious importing feature but it has been disabled while we test the new, faster backend. The workflow you propose would be very handy, but it would have to support more sites... Luckily, we have an API anyone can use to write their own tools to add sites to historious! Oh, I bet you'll like http://historio.us/export/ , but you can still pay us $10/yr if you want! historious is an optional $5, so we have that beat! Hmm, thank you for pointing that vulnerability out... Do you mind contacting us at support at historious to discuss? Also, there is a Chrome extension available and we will be writing more as time progresses (sadly there are more important issues to address). Thank you very much! Haha, now we will work double-time to get that working! Thanks, good luck to you too! You can right-click in the search bar and create a browser search for it, and then you can use your browser search as normal. To remove the bookmarks, just click the "remove" link next to them. Yes, you can search for * and that will give you all the links. There's a small problem with that, currently, so you can search for http instead to achieve the same result. Thanks, we're trying not to. We're pretty resistant to adding tags, categories, lists, etc. Even the listing methods implemented now are side-effects rather than actual functionality. Thank you for your feedback, it is very valuable to us as we're always looking for ways to explain what we do better. The beauty of historious is that you actually find yourself using it a lot, because bookmarking with it is very cheap, just one click with no lists to clean up. The image we do need to change, as it blends in too much. The email confirmation is just for resetting your password, we don't use it for much else right now... The extension just bookmarks sites when you click it. Thanks, we will change the front page to reflect all this! It does, but the noise is too large, and the pages will eventually be deleted, so it's not very suitable for long term storage. The hints have various useful tips, and the FAQ page too. There is no page with the syntax, because we didn't think that users will need anything special, but we will add one! Oh, thanks for that, we'll fix it right away! Hmm, this is actually a good idea and I'm not sure why we don't do it right now. I will add it to the tracker and we will try to implement it soon! Many reasons, it's too slow especially if you have limited bandwidth, data becomes much more sensitive (e.g. password, banking details, etc etc), but most importantly, it increases the noise so much you can't find anything at all in the end... The bookmarklet is the same, the sniffing is for the instructions. The problem is that we want the code below to be the same as the one in the bookmarklet, so we use the same file for both, but for some reason newlines are not removed. I will change that now to make it work with Safari... I'm sorry, do you mean that the actual bookmarklet doesn't work, or the text below? You're only supposed to use the text if the bookmarklet fails, we just wrap it for display... Thank you for your feedback, let me address the points one by one: 1) You can't see your bookmark, that's the point. You don't have to see them unless you're looking for them! However, we realise people might need to see the entire list, so you can search for * or "http" to get a list of your bookmarks. The * search is a bit broken right now, but we are working to fix it. 2) Facebook posting is also planned! 3) Thanks for that idea, I will add it to our tracker! 4) That is also a good idea, we will have to resend you a validation email but that's fine. OpenID would also be great, we want to support it very very much and will do after the high-priority items are sorted. 5) A Firefox extension is planned, but is lower priority right now. Any volunteers who wanted to write an open source extension would be welcome! 6) You are probably getting a 3 because you are forgetting the "agent" parameter, if everything else is correct. We do need example, though, thanks! 7) Who wants to clutter the UI? :P We'd love some help, and would be glad to recommend you! Please contact me at stavros at historious if you'd like. Also, thank you for the Mozilla link, I wasn't aware of that and it is very useful. Nope, we don't... Those aren't very searchable, though, or we would. PDFs are a bigger priority, but they we still need to have a way to extract text from them... I think it does, but we're sort of against indexing everything , because then we'd just turn into Google search... It's much easier to locate something when you have only three or four documents of that type rather than a hundred... Thank you, we're glad you like our product! We have a few people in our team (including me) who come from a machine learning background, so we will definitely experiment with some clustering algorithms to see if we can organise the bookmarks automatically. You can import your Google bookmarks easily by uploading your bookmarks.html from Google directly on our "historify site" page. However, this is currently disabled for performance reasons, but we will soon (i.e. in the next few days) re-enable it for the users' convenience. Please follow our Twitter feed to be informed on the status of this, and thank you again for your preference! Thanks, the difference is that historious searches inside the pages rather than just the titles. So, if there was a page talking about fish called "Sea creatures", you could search for "fish" and historious would find that bookmark. Thank you for your kind words, I am glad you like it! Hello and thanks for your feedback. Let me reply: 1) Yes, the indexer has been lagging a bit behing :/ The search engine is just so slow, we'll replace it right away. 2) I guess a simple link wouldn't hurt, we'll look into placing it on the page. 3) That is true, we can have the extension automatically add historious as a search provider when you install it, which would solve both problems. Thanks again! Hello, we're sorry about that issue; we're working to fix it ASAP. For more details, please see this blog post: http://blog.historio.us/performance-problems-and-lessons-in-... Thanks for your feedback! The Chrome extension has some problems, sadly, but we can't reproduce the issue and they are not consistent at all (e.g. some users found that reinstalling the extension makes them go away). We have no idea why it's behaving that way, sadly :( Email confirmation not really that necessary, and I agree that it's an unnecessary burden. We will look into removing the email verification (but an account is necessary as you need to be assigned an API key)... We're adding historious as a search provider in the extension now! We believe that we should make a fun product first and monetize it later (it's the wrong way around, I know, but we like it)! Thanks for the suggestions! 1) That is planned and will be added soon, it is a very good idea. 2) I have no idea why we don't do this already, we'll add it straight away! 3) We will, but right now we will be changing backends, so we will document the new one (probably Sphinx with EXTENDED2). We don't reindex documents, as they are cached and never change (when you bookmark something, the bookmarklet sends the source to the server, which is how we can bypass registrations and paywalls). Plus, you need the document to be as you remember it. We currently use Whoosh with Python, but it turns out to be excruciatingly slow. We will change to either Sphinx or Solr. We don't know why the extension does that :( We can't reproduce it on any of our computers, but many users seem to have the problem :/ Yeah, if your thing means I can sync my data across computers without you seeing any of it, I'm never using Dropbox again. I agree with that, I will change the copy. We need ideas like these if we want to increase our conversion rate, and we do! Thanks again! Thanks for that report, I'll see what we can do! On the contrary, it's great for sabotaging enemies by suggesting they use it. They couldn't remember the fastest CPU in the world, this is just a tribute. You were on the 24, weren't you. What, no Zelda? Bah! Or: Theory predicts experimental results perfectly. I would also like to know which games these screens are from. The art is breathtaking and the fact that it is achieved with nothing but some cycling colours is nothing short of astonishing. Why don't we have games like these any more? EDIT: Actually, Braid. By "games like these" I meant "games so lovingly and artfully created", but thanks for the piece of history, it was really interesting to read... The world in Brave New World was portrayed in a very negative light, but I found it to be a utopia where everyone is happy. I don't see why a future where people have everything they may want and are happy all the time without fear is a bad world to be in... Really, I've been waiting for a good Android pad for a long time, and these crappy "$150 iPad rivals" just don't cut it... This is what I get: http://imgur.com/dbLty.png Opera on Ubuntu Steve Jobs? Or put it in the bathroom. We are a bootstrapped startup that aims to change the way you bookmark sites. In order to remain bootstrapped, we just instituted a $3/mo subscription that gives users some perks. We also launched public user pages where you can share your bookmarks and give users the link so they can search your bookmarked items. This is my page, for example: http://stavros.historio.us/search/ We would, once more, appreciate your feedback! Ah, good point, we'll add more cues. Thanks for your feedback! That is a very good point and we are certainly considering it, thank you for your feedback! EDIT: We have historious.net and .org now and they are pointing to historio.us. Thanks again for the nudge! I prefer £800. If I see a piece of code and I think "this code sucks", go back to rewrite it and then realize mid-way that there was a reason they did it that way, the code does suck. Good programmers leave comments saying "this is ugly because X". Thank you for that reference. Unfortunately, the software is Windows-only, which I don't own... I'll see if I can run it somewhere else, thanks again! That still doesn't mean that the code is good, though. Seriously? This is a problem? We have too much energy and we must tell people to stop producing it? The absolute worst thing that can happen is that wind farm owners will have to scale production down because they can't sell it. Sure, we'll be wasting some energy but without storage, what can we do? If this problem is so frequent, get more export lines and sell the excess elsewhere (and, conversely, import when you're running low). Why is this portrayed as a problem at all? This solution seems overcomplicated. It might work fine, I've never tried it, but I can't imagine databases (even postgres) being optimized for such things. The way we did it at http://historio.us was to just have a foreign key to each user (this can be easily extended to groups of users, i.e. companies) and just performed a lookup of the related fields depending on the domain. This has worked very well so far, it's very fast, scalable and has given us zero problems. Since all the tables are the same, I imagine it should work very well for the poster, with an appropriate index, too... Or huge batteries, I guess... I blame it on never understanding the UI, the way it did things, or its usefulness. It's like a chat you can't delete things from, and everyone sees what you type and all your mistakes? And you can post pictures? I just don't get it. The Onion got a makeover? I can't say I recognise the design... I am very much partial to the Perspectives way of doing SSL authentication: http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~perspectives/firefox.html I don't need to know if the guy has paid someone to sign their certificate, I need to know if that certificate has been there for longer (even if it's self-signed). It's just more valuable information than whether or not a guy has $10. I really hope Perspectives becomes standard in all browsers, then we can slowly migrate away from central signing CAs. Prey looks great, do you know if it's legit? It's open source and everything, I'm just asking if you know of anything fishy happening with them. Nobody seems to like my opinion, but MongoDB kept eating my data regularly and silently. My writeups are here: http://www.korokithakis.net/node/116 http://www.korokithakis.net/node/119 I would love to answer questions if I could figure out how to easily see my replies on HN :/ I'll bet that Assange will be found dead after a "mugging" soon... Yes, I mark the point where I switched to 1.4 in my posts (and the same about the 64-bit version). In one case (recently, with 1.4.1 64-bit) I had lost half my data in a crash, and restored from week-old backups only to discover that they were missing back then too. Turns out it was a silent corruption days ago... Thanks for the "threads" tip, it's really handy. About your points: 1. This is true (there was no warning that I saw when I was downloading it, although one was added later, or maybe I didn't notice it). However, I upgraded to the stable version when it came out to give MongoDB a second chance, because it sounds very good in theory, and I had the same (if not bigger) problems. 2. I hadn't known about it, and, no matter how pubilc it is, the server could just refuse to store more data. Silently corrupting two documents for every document inserted is inexcusable, even if your database was forged in the pits of hell. I think your point about the poster child thing is true. While I meant my post as a sort of "MongoDB didn't look too production-ready to me, but I hope it gets there eventually", people became really polarized and took it either as "this guy is right, MongoDB sucks " or "this guy is an idiot, silently corrupting data is perfectly acceptable if there's a notice on the website"... I started with the unstable version and then switched to the stable one, but the problems continued. If I remember correctly, the problems with 1.3 were not significantly more than 1.4. I know that now :P Regardless, the problems continued with 1.4. In retrospect, I have these observations: * The corruption of data might be excused in the development branch. * The silent corruption of the data when the server goes past its limit for a 32-bit DB cannot be excused, since the server could die , at the very least. * The corruption of data due to the process being killed because the connection dropped wasn't MongoDB's fault. * Requiring 9 GB of RAM for 5 indexes doesn't sit very well with me... * Silently corrupting data for me to find out days later is not something a stable, unstable or toy database should do... Old age. Isn't t treason to divulge classified documents? I have a hard time believing that divulging 50k of them and compromising national security, foreign operations, etc etc is not a crime... If not, spies have it really easy. It is a good move. I didn't pirate it, but I'll buy it to support them (plus it's just three quid). I only wish it were on Steam... Really? So you can divulge anything you want about any country and you won't be committing a crime in that country? Are you saying that, no matter what Assange does, he can just go in and out of the US freely? Did you know that absolutely anything you can imagine is encrypted with an OTP in the first N digits of pi, where N is the length of your information? Did you ever get past the first 10 pixels? Yeah, I meant the sale, it's 15 quid on Steam :/ It is, but no sale :/ See if you can make SQLite lose your data, I'd like to see that... We can't get our shit together long enough to stop destroying the planet, do you think we'll care if people will be able to read our books 2000 years later? What do you use? Are there any other good gateways? I haven't been able to find anything that doesn't require a huge setup fee (for my volume of business). I bought the game because of your comment, but I really really want to add it to Steam, otherwise I'll lose the files and I'll have to download it from piratebay or something... I emailed them twice so far, I wish I had a key I could add... I just sit in a 120 degree angle and have never had problems with my back, wrists, neck or anything. Just make sure the screen is high up that you don't have to bend your neck... Ah, the times I've done that (or not done market research because I wanted to write the tool)... No, seriously. What sort of setup do you mean? I just lie back on my chair, so all you need is a chair with an adjustable back. I also lower it all the way down so the desk is at shoulder height. This forces you to rest your hands on your elbows instead of your wrists and to have them on a straight line. Your desk just needs to be deep enough to allow your arms to be on it past the midway to the elbow, so you don't have to actively raise your hands. Lowering your chair also has the benefit of bringing the screen at eye-height, but you could just get a high desk... I think you should be able to add a game to Steam if you have a key, they do let you do that... If I lose the files (which I will), I'll just get them off TPB, I guess... My point wasn't that we'll disappear, it was that there are more pressing concerns to address... Thanks for the info, I'll give Amazon a go. Hopefully they'll be less fascist than PayPal, thanks again! EDIT: It seems that it's only available in the US, back to PayPal I go, I guess :/ I've been drooling over the Desire for a long time, but now, with rumours of the HD Desire coming out soon, I might wait for that... Unfortunately I don't, as the chair I have now is a stupid dorm chair. Any office chair with an adjustable back will do, just make it go back 120 degrees... NP-complete, actually. NP-hard problems don't have NP-complete equivalents. I'm hoping that it has a screen with double the resolution. Locally, rdiff-backup. Remotely, Duplicity on S3. Actually "recommend" is too weak a word. If you aren't doing daily backups with duplicity, you deserve whatever comes to you. It's fantastic, set-and-forget, and using S3 is nearly free. As I saw the tweet I became uneasy, followed the link and, sure enough, it's my post he's referencing. That's a bit disconcerting, I feel responsible for trashing MongoDB all over the internet. At least my conscience is lighter because everything I wrote was true... Jesus, I can't believe people still defend this shit. I don't care if MongoDB can store ten jiggerbytes, it should give an error when you're trying to insert more than that . When the hell did corrupting your data become acceptable for a datastore? When did I complain it couldn't store more than 2 GB? I complained because it silently corrupted my data. Some NP-hard problems are NP-complete, but not all. I guess I should have said strictly NP-hard, thanks. For the zillionth time: I moved to 1.4.0 after 1.3.3, and there was data loss on the stable version too. Seriously, what's up with everyone's reading comprehension? The 32-bit stable versions have the same behaviour, and the MongoDB guys on IRC did admit that data corruption is not a very elegant way to handle it. I'm confused, are you talking about me or MongoDB? If you're talking about me, I don't think I made a mistake, and if you're talking about MongoDB, the guys on IRC were very civil about it and did say that silently corrupting data was the wrong way to go about it. It's these apologists who are giving MongoDB a bad name, really, because the guys on IRC were nothing but helpful about it. A few days ago I imagined a decentralised, p2p social platform which would be a framework for writing all kinds of social apps. It would handle friendlists, message passing in real time between peers, permissions, authentication, encryption, etc etc. This way, you could write, say, a Twitter client, that would push your updates to all your subscribers' servers. This way, you could write most social apps. The only functionality you couldn't get is knowing what everybody in the social network is doing (suggesting friends, etc), which isn't really that crucial. This way, you could share photos/videos/media, your location (with different, configurable granularities to each friend), your statuses, etc, without anyone knowing about it without your permission. The closest I've found to this is diaspora, which looks really promising. I emailed them about turning their design into an extensible platform so this design could be implemented, but they didn't reply. I really think that would change the web and our lives, though... I'm pretty sure that my wariness of losing data would mean that I'm... uh... less likely to lose data? Besides, SQLite is amazing. Oh, that makes sense then, thanks for clarifying... Dude I totally would, and good luck with it, but I have no idea what you're talking about :( The basic idea is on the comment above, I'd be glad to answer any questions you may have, though... The way everybody thinks it will, I guess... Instant access to knowledge and people. I haven't really thought about it, since I can't predict it... I have an iPhone and I think I know what the GP is saying (although I haven't tried Android). I have a 3G which is basically unusable for the web because it's so slow , and I haven't even put iOS 4 on it. Apart from that, however, Safari basically just has no features. The form filling is so broken that, when I type half my email address in and it offers to fill it out, I tap on it to dismiss it and it fills the box out twice , so my email looks like username@domusername@domain.commain.com. Apart from that, the screen is too small to navigate well, so it ends up being tedious. 99% of my complaints, however, are due to the slow speed. It's just unusable, period. Can someone explain to me what a landing page is? I thought it was a page on your site that you pointed visitors to when they were coming from different sources, but the OP seems to mean holding page by it? I'm confused... Thanks, the latter definition is what I knew, but I'm not aware of people creating dedicated landing pages for each of their ad campaigns, so I wasn't sure what the term meant. Thanks again! Oh, of course, I don't disagree with that. Before the iPhone and Safari, you could not browse the web at all . It's just that now, other phones have evolved. Thanks for that, it was exacly what I was looking for. I'm really impressed by the designer, even though I fouled his design up a bit: http://www.stochastictechnologies.com/ Thanks again, now I don't have to have a textfile with "coming soon" on there! I agree with you entirely. I might paraphrase and say that every second I have to wait for my phone to perform an operation cuts my usage of it in half... I guess I was only half on topic on the previous comment, since I was talking more about slow phones than the iPhone in particular (even though it is an iPhone and the slowness is a part of it). I have struggled to find a fast phone for ages now. The fastest phone I've had is a Nokia 6500, which just does most of what I want, and instantly. Unfortunately, as I find myself connected to my business more and more, I need a phone that can help me. I don't think you can hope that 4.1 will fix anything. Slowness on old devices is part of Apple's planned obsolescence. How else would they get you to buy a new iPhone? Hmm yeah, probably... My comment wasn't exclusive to the iPhone, then, so disregard that part... He said unusable, though, not unstable... Do you know if I can finally add different email addresses for outgoing mail? I have 10 email addresses that map to the same inbox, but I need to send mail from all of them. Right now iOS 3 doesn't let me do that at all... Does anyone know if this is easy on the Android? I can't reproduce this either. What I can reproduce is semi-logging in three accounts (I see them in the list but they don't have gmail, so they're grayed out). In any case, I doubt the author tried this out. All multiple signon does is allow you to easily switched between accounts which you are logged in . Logging out of one doesn't affect the others, and changing the password of one doesn't change the password of any other account. It's basically a glorified switcher, and there's no vulnerability to speak of. I know this because I pseudo-linked the accounts, cleared all cookies and logged back in, and I was only linked in one account versus the three I had before. It would be good if people reporting vulnerabilities actually tested them first :/ Hmm, this is odd. Clearing the cookies cleared all the signins for me. We'll have to wait and see, I guess (wait for a user with multiple Gmail accounts, I mean). I hate how well-designed your site is! Congratulations and good luck! Yep, it's on her site. As cool as PiCloud looks, I haven't found a use for it in days. I am itching to try it out, but it can't (as far as I know) run web apps, and the uses I have for a computationally intensive, stateless (or with little state) program are nonexistent, really... On top of that, to make the API call worth it, the computations need to take orders of magnitude more time than the network latency... Does anyone have any good ideas of what one could do with it? This Twitter bot wasn't really a good example, as I can run this sort of thing on any of my home computers. It seems to me as if even the PiCloud guys are struggling to find uses for their service... Not only that... When it comes to our startup ( http://historio.us ), I (I can only speak for myself) find that a small piece of negative critique, or a new, better funded startup launching that is remotely related to what we do, can lead me to becoming demoralised and think that it's not leading anywhere, even though we've hit 3,000 users in two weeks, have tens of subscribers already, lots of positive feedback from users and even some people asking to invest... This post was very good for telling people things they might not already know, but which are indispensable. For example, when I'm demoralised, I regularly find myself saying "okay, it might feel bad but in reality people find the service very useful", and then the rational part of my brain kicks in and tells me to keep doing what I'm doing because it's probably worth it... Many thanks to the author, the post was very encouraging. In our case, we became profitable. When all you need is money to pay for a small server and can get consulting gigs to pay for food, becoming profitable at two weeks (so far so good, anyway) really puts your mind at ease that what you're doing will at least hopefully be self-sustainable. I realise this is useless advice for most other startups, but hey, spend as little as you can (but not too little), and you're doing the best you can. Hmm yes, that's basically exactly my point above. It's well suited for scientific work or MC methods, but I would instantly have an order of magnitude more uses for your service if there was a data store I could write to, even if that were just a queue (so I could upload a bunch of data and not have to go back and forth through the entire internet all the time). All in all, it sounds like a very useful service, and I'm really looking forward to you guys adding more and more features. Hopefully one of these days I'll find something to use it for, because my invitation code has been gathering dust (it's been that long)! Erm, this guy lost the opportunity to make a few hundred bucks with that post, because I want that microscope! Thanks for the link, but I'm in London, so with the shipping Amazon UK will be cheaper, I think... Thanks again! I'll do that, thanks! That's fantastic! I think they'll get me at customs, though... Too bad :/ Oh, you misunderstand. The product itself is profitable, it makes more per day than the operating costs. Right now, actually, it makes the monthly operating costs every two days on average. Fingers crossed that this trend will continue. The consulting gigs are so we can afford food. We aren't getting paid anything, but we don't count our time against expenses... It seems that they only deliver electronics in the UK... Exactly, it's what got Twitter famous in the first place. I applaud their perseverence, it takes a good amount of will to stick to your guns and insist that you have made the right choice when everybody else is telling you otherwise. On an unrelated note, "Belongie" is a fantastic name. Yes, I know it's French :( Why not? There appears to be both a mapper and a reducer, so... Thank you, is there any way to edit the post to make them clickable? Hmm, thank you for that. We don't really need emails to be verified, it's just for forgotten passwords. I'll see if we can get it removed right away, thank you. EDIT: We've changed the signup process to log you in immediately after activating, and we'll remove the activation requirement soon, thank you! Hmm, thank you for that. It's a remnant from the days before subscriptions, we'll see about changing it (even though it depends on what one means by "completely", i.e. "not forcing you to sign up" vs "all features"). And now I know! I still can't figure out when the downvote arrow appears, though. Well, the snowman is pretty awesome... There are other features, such as the ability to share bookmarks on your personal site ( http://stavros.historio.us/ ) for an example, automatically add things to "read later", one-click bookmarking, automatic sharing... A few features that are coming are the ability to import RSS feeds from other places, as well as more social elements (and, of course, support). For you, though, David, I'll throw in a free subscription! That's the odd thing, I saw them one day and then they went away again. It's no big deal, I was just wondering, thank you. Ah, thanks for that, you're right in that we don't publicise it almost at all (and we should). As for the sharing, you have your personal historious at: http://buro9.historio.us/search/ You can publish sites there (including tags) and refer people to it by giving them a link of the form http://buro9.historio.us/?q=some+query . Personally, I think that's pretty handy for answering the question "do you have any sites about X?" No items are made public by default, but do note that, when you do make an item public, you are also sharing the cached version. Thanks again for the feedback, and I'm good for that free subscription if you need it! Thank you, I'd never heard of them! I'll have a look right away. We are using Varnish, but we're storing the sources in the DB (to take advantage of automatic compression and all-around ease). It's trivial to get Varnish to cache the entire source and invalidate the cache when the document changes (the public/private setting, basically, so it doesn't accidentally share a page that's been changed to private), so that's all good. The biggest problem (by far) is disk usage. The rest of the service is very easily sharded, really, as every user is isolated. Solr is also fantastic (much better than Sphinx, in hindsight we should have gone with that for TP), so that can also scale very well (there's even an implementation of it on hadoop). We'll add the caching feature to the front page as soon as we finish the current round of A/B testing, thanks again (that feature was basically an afterthought, so it was great that you noted its importance)! Thank you very much, both for your feedback and praise! Your idea is very very good, and there are many things we can do, especially with document clustering (grouping similar documents), automatically generated keyword clouds, etc etc. We are trying to get the service to a good, stable level for now, and then we'll devote more time to playing with new ideas. One such idea we're considering is have the search interface be a filter, where the results are continuously decreasing, in real time, as you type more and more keywords. We already have Twitter integration (as in, posting things to Twitter when you historify them). We also want to add Facebook integration, but its priority is a bit lower right now. Thanks again, we add all ideas to our wishlist and are very happy to implement most of them (it just might take some time)! As someone who has used Opera since version 4, historious is much superior. I have never been much into bookmarking, I have about 50 bookmarks now and the list is already unwieldy, even though it's categorised and synched. I just never look at them. In Opera, you can see the titles, and you're lucky if you can make out the title of the item you're looking for. On historious, you just search for "nginx ubuntu" and it finds the document, even though the title may be "So and so's blog | Webservers". Another thing is that, with historious, I don't have to think about where to put the bookmark. I just click the button and it's done, I can look at it later or not, it's always going to be there, even if I forget about it. I find myself searching historious first and Google later, as I usually find things that relate to what I want to do now which I had found interesting before but then forgot about. Do give it a try, it's really changed the way I bookmark, and I love Opera to bits. EDIT: Not to mention that I can create a custom search where typing "hist " will immediately take me to the first result in my historified sites! About the demo, we should make it more obvious, but there's a hint that says "try searching for historious". We can't include too many things in there, as everyone searches for different things and we'd never get it all :/ We definitely should emphasise that. Also, the way the service works now, each user's cached page might be different (e.g. if you historified it a month ago and I yesterday, the caches will be different if the page changed). Example: http://stavros.historio.us/cached/354988/ Unfortunately, we just lost a day of A/B testing due to an erroneous setting, but we'll start testing this addition to the homepage first thing tomorrow. Thanks again! I don't think it's required, but, really, why wouldn't you be running varnish? It's just amazing. It is, hi :) That's a fantastic idea and something we've been looking for for a while. We couldn't find a feature a company would pay for, but the caching is it. Thank you again for pointing it out, we can approach many lawyers/journalists/universities this way. You (we, really) are in luck, the price is exactly in that range! Thank you very much for your feedback, it really is the best part of the day when a user tells you they like the service! It's perfectly fine if you prefer the bookmarklet over the extension, as we spent more time working on it (it affects more users)! We absolutely want to add a shortcut, but don't know how to do it in Chrome yet (some research is in order). You can already search for time ranges (the syntax is a bit weird, though), it's "added:[2010-07-01T00:00:00Z TO 2010-08-01T00:00:00Z]", for example. We are also planning to support better autocompletion, as well as bulk edits/deletions. I have never seen the text-only view, but it sounds like a good idea, I'll take a look now! As for the URLs, we also have historius.com and historious.net. Unfortunately we don't have historious.com for symmetry :/ Thanks again! Oh wow, blast from the past. That thing still exists? Is that the reason why Braid is such a fantastic game? Unfortunately, we'll never know. I don't understand. If you substitute "take" with "use", which is basically what he says, what's the problem? Having Oracle DBs run on Linux is good for Linux, surely, no? Having whatever-he-was-talking-about run on Apache is a vote of confidence for Apache, and it's probably getting some corporate patches. Where's the harm in that? Thank you for your points, they are very good. I agree that the lawyer market is hard to penetrate, and that students would be a much better target, so this is what we'll try to do. As for your second point, due to a security vulnerability with having cached pages on the main domain, we moved them all to another one: http://cache.historious.net/cached/354992/ I think that is much more readable, and the number doesn't really have to have a fixed number of digits; it can increment infinitely. If we ever need shorter URLs we can base36-encode it and reduce the number of digits right away. Thanks again for the insight! "he seems to have the tech media convinced that he's a genius" Looks like he understands the brain just fine, to me... My reply to the question "How did you become rich?" would be "I cut down on the amount of money I need to live". Next up: Ants are extinct! Their proportion of total mass compared to elephants is almost zero. I agree with everything you say, but this article says more about Ellison than Linux. He just sounds pompous, arrogant and irrelevant, I don't think he presents that big of a threat. Certainly not the way some other commenters have taken it, some people seem to think that it means he can extinguish whichever large OSS project he wants at whim. Hold on, I'll make a graph to prove it to you. Because who puts ruby in /usr/bin? I know, otherwise I wouldn't have picked an endangered species versus one that sends a billion members whenever you have a picnic! :p Thanks, it's a bit odd that people didn't get it from picking a ubiquitous, numerous species versus one that's almost extinct... Just have http://www.deadmansswitch.net send your passwords to a friend... Please answer me this: Why did I not know of this website? You don't even seem to have a front page, on the link another person posted, yet when I tried your link it is easily and by far the best fare search engine I've seen. All the others are bloated, slow and plastered with ads. Who has been doing your marketing? I admit that the analogy is a bit leaky, but the point is that ants are nowhere near extinct, even though they may be much smaller than elephants. Where it breaks down is if you consider the number of ants vs elephants globally. I probably shouldn't have said "total" mass, just relative mass. Oh, I see, I didn't know that, thank you. To be fair, that's easier to do when there's nothing else like whatever it is you're working on. People (me included) are waiting for Android tablets right now . There was nobody working for a tablet before the iPad, so Apple didn't have to say "we're working on this, don't buy the competitor's thing yet". There was no good tablet before Apple's, mainly because there was no good OS. PC OSes are a bad fit for tablets, so it has to be either iOS or Android. I'm very surprised Google is going with ChromeOS on its tablet, I hope they make it easy to install Android. (It was a joke, I know it usually goes in /usr/bin/. That's where mine is) At a presentation of my university (UCL), one of the presenters told us that, amazingly, she was able to detect clinical depression from an MRI scan with very high accuracy. To be fair, she was not able to detect mild cases, but I don't think the doctors can really distinguish between people being depressed because of an external and a physiological cause... That was the most surprising thing I've heard in quite a while... Speaking as a Greek, a centralised government would be far worse at allocating funds simply because it would embezzle a good chunk. Ugh, that's really frustrating. There's a prevailing mentality that the best sort of job you can find is a government job. That's not far from the truth, really, since people who work in companies tend to work 12-14 hours a day for a bit over minimum wage, but most Greeks don't even know how easy it is to start your own business. I was chatting with someone on a flight once, and I mentioned that I have my own company, and he said "yeah, but it was, like... your dad's, right?" I said no, "I founded it". He couldn't believe that someone under 40 could start a company... You are very much correct. There are users, and there are customers. Listen to your customers. Users matter too, but "please give me this feature for free, because I might sign up down the line" isn't cutting it... That's a killer feature for github, because it essentially means that they have no free model. If I'm making a company project and want to collaborate using github, there is zero choice. But, since I'm already familiar with how great it is, due to the free public repos, I'm more likely to buy. Sounds like they have their model cut out perfectly. Yep, exactly. Customer = person who paid for your stuff. That's what we decided to do with historious [1] (bookmarking with full-text search in the content of the pages, and cached pages). You get 1000 bookmarks free, and you have to pay to get more. This way, people who don't bookmark very much can live with 1000, and people who eventually will use more than 1000 need to subscribe... I think it's a very good plan if your product is structured in a way that a user will eventually hit the limit, but I think Dropbox was not a very good example. If I hit the limit, I'll just delete a few files I don't need. I see your point, though, and I think you're mostly right. [1] http://historio.us/ How does it work? How do you handle persistence and parallelism? To be fair, you wouldn't need much more than SQLite to gather emails. It's more than sufficient (I would say it's absolutely amazing for most use cases, but the one thing I am not sure about is how well it handles concurrency, if at all). I tried SQLite for a few things, and it has always come out a champ. I would not hesitate to use it for most of the semi-static websites I make (web apps would be pushing it), if I were sure it can handle more than one connection (I'm not, sadly). I am very, very impressed by it. Seriously solid database. My fabric setup is basically: * push to * update the files * compile sass to css * minify javascript * process the dependencies file (using pip) for updates (it does nothing if I haven't added new dependencies) * restart/flush/whatever I specify It works beautifully, I can deploy changes in a few seconds. EDIT: Okay how do I make lists :( Thanks for clarifying what I suspected. If you don't need high concurrency, it's a champ. Here you are: http://dpaste.com/231226/ That sounds quite good! So most of the parallelism is on the view processing layer? Is the postgres setup parallelised as well? You don't have to check out the repo (I didn't). It takes five minutes or so to solve, so it's not that time-consuming if you are at least a bit technical. It's exactly identical to this [1], which is quite good also! [1]: http://matrix.itasoftware.com/ Yep, easier to find, too. I only suspected what it was, but 30 seconds of Googling were enough even if you didn't know it... "The color? Always something tacky." Pity the ancients didn't share our fashion sense, eh. Pardon my ignorance, but is it possible for someone with a Sense phone, say, to install pure android on it and get all the advantages of the Nexus One, with the updates and all? Or do you need drivers or something? You've never used Redmine, I see! Not that there's anything wrong with the other two, but Redmine is miles ahead, in my opinion. I will second that recommendation. It was a fantastic phone. One phone like that currently is the 6500, it's amazingly fast, cheap and only does a few things, but it does them well. The odd thing about this is that I don't really think it's that bad to offer good support. On my startup (historious) I see almost every user who's emailing us be really surprised when we respond within a minute or so. We're always at the computer and reading someone's email doesn't take that long, or break your concentration very much. I know it's different for large companies, but they have the kind of money to hire good support staff. At those scales, though, you lose something that's even more impressive: The ability to fix small bugs by the time you've replied to a user. If someone reports a bug to us, we usually have it fixed and pushed in one or two minutes, so when the user gets a response saying "thank you for the feedback, we've fixed the bug, you can try again" within a minute of reporting, they become really loyal to the service... Yes! Also a fantastic phone. Really, the 6xxx series were the best phones. I had a 6110, 6210, 6310, 6230, and now a 6500. They were all the best phones I've owned. I tried some of the Symbian smartphones but they were just disappointing, they took forever to do anything. Ah, sure, that's fine (I ran Android on my iPhone once). Does it work perfectly otherwise, or are there any incompatibilities? That was my original point, that it's our culture that makes us consider these statues garish and tacky. Back then, they were (obviously) the height of fashion and pleasing design. I really hope "inception" doesn't become a thing... You know what they call alternative medicine that's been proven to work? Medicine. "Proven to work -> medicine" doesn't imply "medicine -> proven to work". Haha yeah, I can imagine that poor tourists coming to Greece from the UK are in for a surprise. We are such shit drivers, but over here (London) if you see a car coming and wait by the sidewalk for it to pass, they stop and let you through. I mean, it'd just be faster for both of us if you continued at normal speed, then I wouldn't have to wait for you to slow down! Jesus, who would rip off an 8-year-old? Hey neighbour! Yeah, I think pretty much our entire area is like that :/ Haha, yes, I've heard that some places (like Nigeria, I think?) have absolutely horrible drivers. I've never been, though, so I can't tell! Ah, unfortunately I'm leaving this week :/ I'm going back home to be disappointed at our road manners :P I've been here a year, that's unfortunate... Thanks for the offer, though! It's ambiguous, so the behaviour is undefined. The author should change the sentence to make it conform to the standards. Use Opera, some things on Facebook break and then you'll prefer email rather than launching another browser. Works for me! So you'll either be a poor-ish young playboy or a rich old guy? Why does the first option sound more attractive? Of course, fast cars and country clubs are all superficial, but being a miser just so you can die with millions isn't that much better... I prefer http://www.ninja-support.com/.. . On that note, does anyone know why other blogs' fixed backgrounds are choppy while that one is actually stable? Haha, it's a feature! Ah, don't worry about that, it's Greece, nobody goes on foot :P I'll send you some sun! Okay, I know that the media is powerful and all, but isn't this a bit too much power for a newspaper to have? The title is quite misleading, I think. The article clarifies that the sort of people others resent is the person who is too eager to volunteer for things, thus raising the bar for everyone and creating more work. If someone at your office worked 16 hours a day, making you look bad, even though nobody would reasonably expect you to work that long if your colleague didn't do it, wouldn't you resent them? Unfortunately, it's all relative, so the fact that he's hard-working makes you look lazy by comparison. You're saying this as if it's contradictory. Those people were right, he was throwing ideas at a wall, and one did stick. It doesn't make their point wrong, and I remember many commenters saying that this is a valid strategy (which apparently it is). If you're losing 90% of the people on the first step and 50% of that 10% on the second step, is the second step really what you need to be optimising? Did I miss something, or was that awkward way the interviewer was interrupting pg real? At one point pg is saying something, and the interviewer interrupts him (while he's explaining) with some unintelligible thing, and pg goes "... " Ah, thanks. I don't know him, and I didn't watch the entire interview, that part just looked too awkward to be serious... Both of your examples have no network effects, which is why it's very easy for people to switch. Try switching to a different IM, for example. You won't switch if you don't have anyone to talk to on it, and you won't have anyone to talk to on it if you don't switch. Google Talk and its Gmail integration did wonders for Jabber, thankfully. The problem with semi-supervised learning (or rather the way it's used here) is that, if you don't label the low-confidence samples yourself, but just leave it alone instead, it might diverge and start producing worse and worse results as it thinks it knows it guessed correctly, but in fact didn't. Basically, the problem is that you can't make a closed system learn from itself, without any outside feedback. The information has to come from somewhere . It's a bit like someone giving you two Chinese phrases and their translation (without you knowing any Chinese beforehand), and then leaving you to translate a whole book. You will start guessing, based on what you already know, and by the end you'll have arrived to a (totally incorrect) interpretation of what you think each ideogram means. And this guy (or the people he bombed) didn't have to die. I made this a while ago, it's still being refined and will be released as a service at some point, but here's a preliminary copy for you to play with. Just enter a comment and press the button, and it will tell you if your comment was stupid or clever. To clarify, "stupid" and "clever" are only judged on style, not content, so something well-written but erroneous like "The sky is indubitably orange with green stripes" will be judged as clever. For added fun, try pasting YouTube comments. Do they accept Mastercard? I haven't used Tarsnap, but it looks very similar to duplicity at a cursory glance. Are there many differences? Hmm, this makes me think that I'm charging way too little for historious at $3/mo, but, then again, something tells me that if I charged $15 nobody would buy... Since you seem to know a lot about pricing, could you give me a few pointers on what one would charge for something like http://historio.us/ ? Apparently you guys feel that $15 isn't a lot of money, but where I live it's not disposable income... Duplicity GPG-encrypts all data too, though. Ah, thank you. Hmm, I think we need to change the copy. Everyone says it's the same as instapaper, even though there's no overlap... Thanks for your input! Thanks, I owe you a beer even if it doesn't work! Thanks, I'll give it a try! If you're ever in Greece, I'll buy you that beer! Yes, we already have a chrome extension and a firefox extension is in the works. Unfortunately, only opera allows you to place bookmarklets anywhere in the UI. I don't like the toolbar very much either, but you can also add it to your bookmarks menu, it's just a bookmark. Thanks for both the support and the feedback! I also think that that price is about fair, we just need to convert more users to subscribers, I guess... The problem isn't that they accepted, it's that you didn't quote a price high enough to offset the headaches they caused. If you had, you would have been happy! That's what I'm saying, if you had gone with a price that would make it worth your time instead of a price you thought they'd decline, it would be worthwhile. I see how you can fall into that trap, though. It does use a classifier, currently it's a naive bayes one, as we found that it produced the best results! Then it wasn't enough :p We'll never stop arguing, but consider this: Wouldn't you be happy doing it for a billion dollars? Somewhere between that and what you got is your "happiness threshold", it's just that it's more than what you got now. Unless you wouldn't have been happy with any amount of money, in which case I assume your client was the third Reich! Ah, I see now :P What do you mean? What for? Hmm, nothing standard, really... I just used vanilla python and the corpus is some texts and ungrammatical comments I've assembled from various sources... My reaction wasn't "I can't believe it's CGI", it was "there is no way it's CGI, this guy is a fake". Thanks for that, I'm blown away now. Well there's an idea for historious! Seriously, though, while users might rebel against this in many communities (rewriting their links to make you money sounds bad), I think reddit could easily pull this off, as it's not immoral or in any way reprehensible. Besides, the community has been very understanding and accommodating time and time again. I don't know about reddit, but this idea sounds like a goldmine for my own sites. Thanks! Do you mean to say that the forums rewrite the URLs the users paste in such a way, or that the links on the forum itself (vs. the links in posts) are affiliate marketing? The more I hear about this, the more I think that reddit could pull it off. If they came clean, I really doubt there would be any discontent at all. The only problem might be that most of the links are imgur links nowadays, but they could make lots of money even from the occasional amazon review link. If they stuck to pay-per-action affiliate links, like Amazon's, for example, they wouldn't even need to police it for gaming (I don't think Amazon would mind people buying things to help reddit out). Oh, no, not the cache. There's much more opportunity in the links themselves. You historify an amazon item to go back to it later, and when you click the link to go there, our affiliate tag is inserted. Besides, you don't look at the cache when shopping, you look at the links. I already pushed an initial version of this yesterday, it leaves your cache alone, is unobtrusive and gives us some extra money as you normally use the service. If it goes well, we can even think about removing the limit for free users! It's the same as carpentry and sculpting. It's the same thing, but one is a craft and the other is an art. This guy just took time off making furniture to build a sculpture. Sure, he could have made a new kind of furniture, but making sculptures also has its merits (or not, depending on your viewpoint, I guess). Does HN censor the "fuck" in "Brainfuck", or was it just you? EDIT: Ah, it doesn't. I can't believe people are still arguing about this. Wired made some bullshit graph, whatever, why do we need to prove them wrong? They have their opinion, and it's not going to kill the web itself, so let's just leave it at that. This is precisely the reason why Wired wrote that article: They knew it would get them publicity, and that's what the "X is DEAD" articles are for. Just trolling. First of all, what is up with Linode's London datacenter? I barely press enter on commands and they've already been carried out. Seriously, it installs packages before the text from the server reaches me, and I get 15 ms latency on it (the SSH echo feels faster than my local PC). Is it just me, or are their other datacenters slower than their London one? It might be the latency, as I was actually in London, but the one I have in Georgia doesn't seem to have that fast disk accesses... Bottom line, though, the London datacenter is just time-traveling fast. Do you know how difficult it is? I had seen some stats but I can't find the article now. I applied to YC myself, but, being a single founder, I don't know what the odds are. Finding cofounders is hard... While I agree with you, I notice that I eat disproportionately few carrots than their taste would suggest (they are pretty delicious), and it's mostly because of the inconvenience of cleaning them and their relative unavailability. If I had a vending machine with carrots, I'd definitely choose them over the other snacks most of the time. I will, as soon as sales are stable enough to have statistically significant changes! There'll be a blog post about it here for sure. I'm a Django/Python dev with many years of experience and quite a few launched web apps under my belt. I'm looking for freelancing/consultancy work, so if anyone needs any Python or Django work done, my company's (holding) website is: http://www.stochastictechnologies.com/ Are you telling me they didn't use JS? I know I should look at the source, but can't! It doesn't look like it. If you need a remote desktop, NX is the way to go, in my opinion. However, I do use Xpra for long-running programs because I don't want to have a full-blown X server running all the time. I used Xpra today to run a small console program on my headless server, and I attached to it from my laptop. It worked very well, until I changed my ssh port to some nonstandard one. Bye-bye, attach functionality... Does anyone know of a way to specify the ssh port? Ah, too bad :/ Thanks for the info! My iPhone 3G nowadays basically takes guesswork to function. "I pressed this link four times, is it frozen or did I touch the wrong place?" Are you in the US? I want one of these cards, but they seem to only be available for US accounts... 1. Write troll article, urging everyone to sell their stock. 2. Stock dips, buy as much as you can. 3. Wait 3 years. 4. Profit! What's surprising is that it's gotten so much slower without any new functionality ! I'm convinced that Apple has added some code to slow it down just to get me to buy a new one tinfoil hat . Hmm, the article says marginal to large, and it looks like it's still much slower than 3, which is already a dog... Too bad... I have one of those, I haven't charged it in a year. Let me check what state it's in. Fun fact: It uses the same jack for the headset as for the charger. Also, it uses a low-frequency pulse in its speaker for vibration instead of a motor. I wonder how I know all this, I must have opened it up at some point. EDIT: Jesus, it works fine and the battery is full. Apparently, this phone is something to keep in the car in case of emergency. A year unused and the battery is still full. I can second this, for the bit of time that I used it, I remember the battery lasting a few days (nowhere near 20). Looks like someone just won the contest... It says in the description that it doesn't support castling or en passant. Also, wtf, the guy wrote a chess program with AI in 1 kb and you're complaining about castling? Jesus, those are all amazing. It was very nice of the Jump'n'Run guy to include the commented source. I had the exact same thought. "Makes 1m/mo" != "Generates 1m/mo of revenue for the company." And they're renamed with obscure filenames, and you can't do this with iPods touch or iPhones. I can't, sorry, Flash doesn't support my OS so I can't see it. And when the person who can contribute the least has the biggest financial needs, fun things happen. Something the article doesn't mention (or that I didn't see when I skimmed it): The value of the entire Greek church is in the billions of euros, and nothing is taxed . The government asked them to be taxed a while ago, and the church said that, if they were taxed, they would have to stop charity work because they didn't have enough money. Meanwhile, the high priests wear 30k euro hats and ride around in limousines. On the other hand, if they did get taxed, a good chunk of it would end up in the pockets of politicians and big companies, as usual. The whole situation isn't very encouraging for citizens who pay taxes... EDIT: This article [1] mentions that the church put the value of its property at 700m euros. External parties place it at 2-15b euros, while at some point, years ago, 5 monasteries said that they evaluated the value of their properties at around 20b of today's euros (this is just for 5 monasteries). You can imagine how taxing the church would pay off a good chunk of the debt, but, in Greece, you don't get taxed when you have this much money. [1]: http://dialogoi.enet.gr/post/νάνος-ή-γίγαντας-η-εκκλησιαστικ... That's not what I said. I said they should tax the church's income. That was brilliant. Props to the author. It was actually a poor segue, I meant for the two points to be unrelated, I googled a bit and found the link to the article and thought I'd posted it, as it shows that the church's argument that they're poor is false. I should have better clarified the wording, really... Bear in mind that they rent much of the property to others and generate quite a bit of income that way. It's not just monasteries, they own whole blocks of buildings in Athens, Thessaloniki and other cities (I have no citation for that, sadly). I don't understand why people have opinions of themselves, let alone why they have negative ones. If I'm not good enough for YC, I'll apply and let the YC people tell me. Why would you reject yourself? It depends on the type of business you run. E.g., for newspapers, it can be argued that Google brings traffic to them, if they only publish a summary. For place pages, it's basically destroying the sites, as Google provides almost all the info (including reviews/stars). Because it's not a competitor. They win with your data. When you're gone, everyone loses. Well, yes! Having an opinion as a way of self-appraisal is maybe understandable, but I'd never let it get in the way of anything I wanted to do. I'd just try and fail. I can't see a reason why I wouldn't attempt something I wanted. The St. Paul's photo is the best example I've seen so far of HDR done right. Only if you make lipops, I guess... In defense of this feature, it's very important for when a phone is lost. However, I agree, deleting peoples' data for reasons other than the device was compromised is just a sadistic thing to do. Yeah, in this case you need to ban the devices, not wipe them... Oh God, there are people who click on the words in the autocomplete box, aren't there... I used to want to get everything for free, until I made historious. Now, my mindset is "these guys deserve my money for their product" (if the product is good enough, obviously). I started reading it, and then I thought "Do I really want to take naming advice from a company called Igor?" That said, it was a good read. I don't agree with everything, but there are good points. Just use a Markov chain, it takes three minutes to write a script to do it. There are many available on the web already, it's trivial. Don't your arms get tired from being held up in front of you for so long? This reminds me of something my friend did. We had an assignment to try out EC2 with Hadoop and we needed 8 machines, and we were warned in class to turn them off or they'd keep charging. Guess who didn't turn them off. So he casually mentions it to me and tells me that he racked up a 500 pound bill, but his CC didn't have any money in it so it was fine. I asked "so did you turn them off?" He said "no, not really, but it's okay because they can't charge me". So he racks up another 500 pounds, and only turns the instances off when he finds out that he didn't use the inactive CC but another, active one. Long story short, he's 500 pounds out (Amazon were kind enough to refund the first 500, which disappeared as soon as it hit his account, since he owed another 500). Jesus, that's horrible. Yeah, I bet he wishes he could pay 500 quid to make that go away :/ Hmm, depending on how fast you run, yeah... It's a good idea, but I can see Gorilla Arm becoming a problem. I'm thinking of buying a recumbent exercise bike to replace my desk chair with, though. Does anyone know how to get Linux to support TRIM? I just reformatted my SSD and would hate for it to become slower just because of deallocated blocks. The only downside for me is that not only do you have to find a massively parallel problem to work on, but the computation function also needs to be much slower than network latency. With network latency being in the ms range, the algorithm solving problem needs to be really slow to benefit. The article says that the "latest, greatest Linux kernels should beware", so I don't know what to think :/ Your problem still has to have the property that loading and processing the dataset needs to be slower than sending it over the network and getting the result back, though... Ah, "earlier than (Win 7 and the latest kernel)", rather than "(earlier than Win 7) and the latest kernel". Thanks, looks like I'm covered, then. EDIT: Apparently, Ubuntu is one version behind TRIM support. That's what standards support is , it means that you can use IE9 on Windows and Opera on Linux and sites will still work and look the same. It makes no sense at all to say "IE9 is Windows-only so Microsoft can lock users in" when IE9 is standards compliant and any site built for IE9 will work the exact same way on Linux. I don't think your argument makes any sense, sorry. If you were talking about IE6, I'd agree, but standards compliance means never having to use the exact same browser for anything. Does anyone know how I can download/buy the SaaS theme [1]? It looks quite good. [1] http://saas-wp-i.worryfreelabs.com/ Thank you! Update: I bought it, and it's amazing . Everything is changeable in HTML, everything ! I wanted to add more features to the pricing table, just add a and it all resizes properly. Text on buttons is all HTML (no images), everything's just fantastic. I'm thinking about emailing this guys to tell them about how great it is, best 10 pounds I've ever spent. This post only touches on the actual way that Shazam recognises music. The meat of the algorithm is in the feature detection, which must be much more robust than what the author did. His way is very sensitive to noise and maybe other manipulations (e.g. dilation), I didn't take too good a look at it. Basically, to get good features you need to find a set of candidate features (points in the image that stand out) and then filter them according to some desirable properties (in standard image recognition, for example, you want them to be resistant to rotation, translation, stretching, etc). There exist very good algorithms for finding these features, which is what Shazam uses. Of course, after finding the features, you need to hash them in a way that is able to match any time in the song, resist noise, etc etc, so it's a very interesting application. I was very surprised to learn that the best way to recognise a song was to convert it into a picture and then try to recognise that picture. It seems like a roundabout way to do it, but it works very well. You can find more information in this paper: Viola and Jones, "Rapid object detection using boosted cascade of simple features" 50 minutes and no doctor/researcher has rained on this parade yet? Where is everybody? Ah, yes, I forgot SIFT. last.fm does recognition through the algorithm I mentioned, which is why that came to mind, but I think SIFT would work better, thanks for the info! A foolish consistency, hobgoblin, blabla. Exactly. To draw from my experiences, working on historious is so amazingly fun that I can't wait to finish whatever else I'm doing to work on it. It's not work, it's a hobby that (sometimes) pays. It's exactly the same as playing WoW, only more socially acceptable. If you think there's room for improvement, get consulting gigs. Otherwise, found a new startup. Why does he say "57 fps" for the Flash version when the counter above says "37 frames"? And since this CAPTCHA isn't secure at all, they'll remove the security element altogether, making it a more annoying version of a banner ad. You aren't getting it. The probability is 1/ present to the user >. If you show the user 100 images and ask them to select one, a bot will have a 1% probability to find the right one, but the user will tell you to get lost. If you present 10 images (still a stretch), bots will have 10% success rate just answering randomly. EDIT: Wait, from what I see you mean that the user will have to write "cat" or "dog" or whatever? That's better, yes. Communication, however, is hard, which is why me the GP didn't understand what you meant. Does CELERYD_PREFETCH_MULTIPLIER do what I think it does (disable prefetching so workers get items as they need them)? I like Celery a lot, having used it for a few days, but the documentation is a bit frustrating :/ For an example of a perfect fit for a distributed worker, see my blog post: http://blog.historio.us/asynchronous-processing-using-celery He conveniently omits mentioning the converse, that most of the time you don't get paid for actually working . In unrelated news, I am waiting for Civilization 104: Civ CIV So, uh, they were compiling off a floppy disk? Can anyone explain the clue? I don't get it. Isn't it trivial to change his script to remove the cookies? I should have a look into that. It doesn't look like it. Neither will clearing your private data (I tried). Why doesn't anyone try this? I did, and it seems that incognito mode does defeat this. However, since this always sets the same cookie, I couldn't tell if it read it or set it. From the looks of things, it only read the cookie, which means that closing incognito mode deletes it. I thought I had a crappy router, I didn't realise it was that crappy! No, it just prevents comment from trending. Not just disparaging comments, all comments, it seems. Does anyone know how he promoted it? I'm having a bit of trouble with my startup (historious), in that I don't know how I should go about promoting it... Someone should tell people that if you make $250k and spend $300k, you're going to be poor. That's my biggest problem (getting people to understand the awesomeness). I've used other sites, but this is the only truly zero-cost bookmarking service (I'm referring to mental cost). When the mental cost for bookmarking is removed, you find that you bookmark anything that looks remotely interesting and then you can find it very very easily. Other services have the burden that I either have to fill out too much stuff when bookmarking (tags, categories etc), and/or that I have to categorise my bookmarks. This adds the pages you bookmark to the index right away, so bookmarking is single-click and then you have your personal search engine. Try it, it's really great. My problem, however, is that I can't find a good way to tell people about it without spamming it, and I was wondering how people approached this problem for Instapaper, which is a not entirely different service... I see, thanks for your feedback. Could you email me at support at historio dot us, as I don't have your email? Thanks again! There's more than that, though, you need something to sustain you, you can't get by on the initial launch... There was a bit of coverage for historious which was great, but now there's a lull and I don't know what to do to tell people about the service effectively... Hmm, I see what you mean, thanks. I disagree about the fact that you're evaluating whether to historify a site or not, as it tends to become a sort of "hook" when you realise that a site is interesting. For me, it's "hey, what I'm reading is pretty good!" and then an (almost involuntary) click. I agree that it's hard to get people to switch, even though your solution might be better. However, delicious (and various other services) did it, so I'm hopeful. My problem right now isn't low conversion rates (although that is a problem), it's that I can't even get visitors, to begin with. I just want to solve the problems in order :P You're quite right, I've thought of including a "tour" account that will wipe itself every hour or so, just to let people use the website. That should prove very helpful, I think. Regarding your switching point, I'd definitely switch (and, so would anyone who uses vi/emacs (maybe I should market to them)), but I realise I'm not my target market, and that your point applies to that very much indeed. This just means that I have to make every aspect of historious easy to get into, though (fully-functional demo, easy account creation, extensions for all browsers), as I'll never quit :P On an unrelated note, I just took a look at moreofit, and I'm very surprised by how accurate it is, so props for that! Hmm, I see, thanks... Has anyone used bitcoin? I'm not sure how scalable it is, but it's very handy for online payments (peer to peer, no fees, etc etc)... I don't know about your mainboard, but when my soundcard had accumulated years of dust on it, I just ran it under the tap for a few minutes and let it dry. It works perfectly, too. Are you saying you can get infected retroactively, when one of your past lovers gets infected? That's harsh. Whaaat? Wikipedia's search sucks (at least it sucked last year, when I last used it). Now I use a Google search with the site specified to get Wikipedia pages. To answer the question, I'd have to plug my own startup, http://historio.us . It's actually made bookmarking viable, for me. The HTC wildfire costs 170 EUR, that's cheaper than any Nokia with the same functionality... All my mobiles have been Nokias so far, but the next one is going to be a Desire HD (just waiting for it to come out). You know, I thought I had UI design mostly figured out, using a few simple rules: * Minimise the total number of clicks needed to access the sum of the program's functionality. * Make frequently-used functionality easier to reach than rarely-used functionality. * Don't have more elements in the UI than is easy to parse quickly. * No surprises. However, after reading this article, I get the feeling that it's a more arcane art, which not many people know. What are some simple rules about good UI design, in your opinion? Thank you, that's very interesting. You can't get everything right the first time, but yes, it doesn't seem to be something magical that you don't have any control over (other than praying to some UX god), either. The problem with that is that widgets are your language, so you tend to think in them and analyse the problem in terms of widgets. It's sort of the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis applied to UX, it's hard for someone to think in widgets they don't have. Thank you for your feedback! It's true that it's similar to those two services, but, in my opinion, it's different enough to have its own space. As for registration, don't you need to specify a username when you use instapaper? The problem with using historious without an account is that some features won't work, plus you won't be able to access your account from a different machine/browser. Many users have requested it, though, so I'll try and make it happen! Thanks again! Okay, someone answer me this: Is this comic so standards compliant that it only runs well on IE9? Because, if so, this is a special breed of irony. Le cache: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?client=opera... Very good idea, I support this and will use it from now on (even though I don't like the (thing,) Python syntax very much), as it's the only way to say that the iterable should only have one element. It was the pilot's phone, wasn't it. Unless you like eating the meat of 400 people, anyway. You don't have to turn your phone off during the entire takeoff and landing, just when the stewardesses come to check you. Apparently that's the only dangerous part. I know about the optional parentheses, but omitting them makes the comma very easy to overlook :/ I do like your fake operator idea, but it seems that it would go against the spirit of python and make it easier at the expense of readability... Oh, you're very much correct. Let me benchmark that... There doesn't appear to be any difference in speed between the two. Assigning the result to one variable (totally different to this) is about 6% faster, so this syntax is what I'll use, thank you! Not really. The first two are consistent, but the last one is "get the only item and assert that there is only one item to get . If you don't care about the assertion, use [0], as always. I like the latter, because there's added info for the reader ("this should return a one-item iterable"). It's not really inconsistent, because you aren't performing the same operation in the two cases. The only thing I wish for nowadays is for the public to gain a better understanding of OpenID so we can start using it on every site. It's the best thing to ever come out. Nothing is stopping me from setting my password to something different for every site I don't want to set a good password for, I'd just very very much rather just enter a URL and have everything work. OpenID is the most useful thing online in ages. The point of the above post was to say "this is nice syntax, and it isn't ten times slower, so it's good on that front too", not to say "use that because it's 6% faster". I'm never going to write this in a tight loop anyway, and even if I did , I'd benchmark the entire piece of code, not just this line. Ah, that's true. It's a bit odd to use a dedicated icon to log in to something that is exactly the same as the more general option you offer, but the average user won't know that, so it makes sense. Do you know the endpoint for Google? I didn't know they supported it natively. Thank you. Sometimes we do :( Do you generally advise single-founder companies to add cofounders (it does have its benefits), or do you think single founders are fine if they pass the filter? I guess my question is, do you see single-founder companies as missing something (a cofounder), or does it depend on the founder? These paintings are... amazing. I love this guy's style. I wish there were a game stylised like this (it's sort of like Braid, but somehow better). Thanks for this post. So it's the same thing as historious, basically? By the way, how is historious on the kindle? I just ordered one, so we might add a better interface for the kindle, so you can forgo instapaper altogether (there's "read later" functionality already, along with the custom bookmarklet here: http://historio.us/help/bookmarklets/ ). What's not working on the kindle right now? Thanks! I came here for this, thank you. I came here just because of that line. How is that any better? "Don't worry, your info won't be securely kept in your phone, instead it'll be saved on the server of some guy you've never met". Especially with the answer about visualisation, the summary was spot on . Seriously, what the fuck , Microsoft? Your browser is so precious that you can't release it as a standalone product so the entire world can move on? Their entire attitude is worrying. I'm afraid that this is going to hinder the web again, it just looks like they want to release the bare minimum they can to get marketshare instead of actually make a good browser. Opera, with its 5% market share (or so) has been reigning on the tests and innovation for ever, and Microsoft can't get enough employees together to work on a browser? As far as I'm concerned, nobody should recommend IE for anything, as the risk of Microsoft pulling another IE6 is too high, and not worth the reward. This is debatable. For example, the historious bookmarklet works on all browsers right now, except IE8 which refuses to run the JS. IE users are about 6% of our users, so is it worth spending hours debugging an issue for 6% of the userbase? We will do it, for the user , not for the browser. I don't want to have to tell someone "this doesn't work, use something else", because it's just not polite to tell him what he can or can't use for a few extra hours of work on our part. However, if the browser is so broken that it takes considerable work to make it usable, then yes, I'll put up an overlay saying "your browser is too broken, please use another one for the good of the internet and your sanity". EDIT: Also, I don't want Microsoft to change their mentality. I want them to stop making browsers (and maybe a few other things). Shameless plug, I wrote something to scratch my itch: http://www.moneygement.com/ As a bonus, it is translated into Spanish, so you should feel right at home. > The cool thing is, technology innovations are accelerating as well, so we will develop better engines faster than the old ones will arrive to the destination. So all we have to do is wait long enough, and at some point we will have already gotten there. I don't have an Android device, but what you describe is half-way to a fantastic OS. If each application could specify some text for a permission, the installer could then display it to the user ("This application wants to access your contacts for the following reason: Generating barcodes for contacts") and the user could check/uncheck what he wanted. Obviously, almost everyone would just press "accept" all the time, but users could become more and more educated about security (it's not that hard to grasp that an app needs access to contacts), and that security model would possibly be the best of both worlds. A while ago I had created an IM bot to which you could tell, for example: "Meeting with John next Friday at 11 pm" with natural language, just as above, and it would send you a message to remind you of it at that point. I wonder if I should recreate it using notifo. It'd be more convenient than IM, certainly... In my experience, this is 100% spot on. Hell, while typing this comment the caret is catching up to my keystrokes. Why can't we get interfaces right? We have all this processing speed available and yet our computers are slow. I press the shortcut to open a new filemanager window and it takes a second, why can't it take a few ms? My window manager is already loaded, what takes so long! Like it or not, this is the primary reason that the iPhone is so popular. It is the first fast smartphone. All the other phones I had tried before the iPhone came out were just frustratingly slow. Hopefully, with the competition, other phone manufacturers have started to fix this (I'll get my first Android phone soon, I hope it's a fast one). This is needlessly complicated. You can just use Cython and annotate the types, or, even better, use shedskin to compile your Python code, usually with no changes, to C++ and make a module out of it. There are many options to speed up your Python code by ~50 times effortlessly. See my blog posts: http://www.korokithakis.net/node/109 http://www.korokithakis.net/node/117 I saw that, it looks quite good but I'm not sure how much better than Unladen Swallow it can get... RPython is another promising contender, if the PyPy guys ever polish it for end users... Yep, they won't speed your code up 50 times, though. It's the best of both worlds, really. You write everything in a language that's fast to write, then you write the bottlenecks in a language that's fast to execute. It's a Core 2 Quad with 4 GB ram and an Intel X-25M SSD... I think it's not that your computer is fast, it's that you are slower than your computer. Which do you use more frequently for navigation, the mouse or the keyboard? Yeah, what's up with that? NetBeans is great in theory, but I type half a word and have to wait for a second for it to show me completions I don't even want... I've switched to vim completely now, not for any conscious reason, but just for the fact that I found running it to quickly edit a file and then staying there for hours. I can't either :/ It would be fantastic to be able to annotate your code a bit with types and speed it up many times. Hopefully, with Python 3, many tools (e.g. Cython) will be able to do just that. It's a very interesting alternative to typing my password all the time when sudoing, but it doesn't work for me. If the lighting is bad it takes way too long to give up (please give up in a second or so, it's not worth the hassle to me), when it does succeed it produces a segfault so the command isn't run, the PAM profile doesn't work, just grants permission without any auth, etc etc. Let me tell you, choosing "historio.us" as the name was a bad decision (for two reasons). People are surprised by the extension and it takes some explaining to get them to spell it as ".us" (here, something like historious.net would help a lot), and they always spell it "historius". We might just rename it to historius and redirect to historius.com just to get rid of all the hassle... The moral of the story is that you should try to minimise homophones of your name, so "lessonauts" would basically be impossible to tell people, they would parse it as "lessonnauts", "lessonnotes", "lessonotes", etc etc. Unambiguity is a big advantage. Opera is fine too, except the sliders are a bit smaller. After my experience with historious, I wouldn't do it. People are just not used to it, they can't parse "historio dot us". They expect a ".com" or something, so they might even mangle it as "historiodotus.com". There also seems to be great resistance in parsing "historio". "ben dot to" might do better in that regard, but "bento.com" would always win because people are just used to it. The dictionary model is most likely used for calibration, e.g. to get 3 points necessary for the correct orientation of the keyboard. This will likely be adjusted for drift as you type, but if a user presses a r instead of a n I very much doubt the entire KB will be shifted. It will probably just work like a normal keyboard, with spelling correction/suggestion, but one that gets shifted as you type. To me, the most important drawback is the inability to defer charging. It honestly breaks my heart to want to tell someone "thank you for that, have a free month of service" and then to see that you can't do that because they already liked your service enough to support you. I see a commenter mentioning PayPal reference transactions, I will give those a go and see if they are more flexible. Too bad I'm stuck with PayPal :/ Ouch, we didn't know that :/ Thank you, I'll block robots from the cache right away! Do you mean the "base" tag? We already do set that (admittedly, after this happened and because of it). Your actions have placed all of us in great danger. As jaquesm said, with your expected visits, you will probably see no load at all, so don't worry about it. You definitely don't need to give it more power, unless you're running it on a cellphone... Oh, that sounds easy enough to do, we'll implement it right away (it should be live in a few minutes. Thanks for the tip, we didn't know about this duplicate content situation... EDIT: Added! Thank you, added! Thank you! To give credit where it's due, buro9 from HN urged us to implement the Varnish caching feature for cached pages, so we had it written but disabled because we didn't think it was going to get that much traffic. We hadn't turned it on for the first 30k visitors and the server was still doing great, but when we saw it we just switched it on and load dropped to nothing. Serious amounts of love for Varnish here. Then we could sue Google for copyright infringement for caching our pages, I guess... Why would we not allow Google to cache it? Each cached page has a great big box on top saying that this is the historious version of the cache and linking to the original site... Example: http://cache.historious.net/cached/515865/ We didn't know one of our users publicised it, though, and we didn't know Google would even see it... 1) We do exclude robots now, yes. 2) historious doesn't spider websites, it only saves the pages the users give us. It's the same as a user deciding to make a backup of a webpage on their computer... Isn't it a users responsibility to obey copyright restrictions in this case, given that we never publish content unless the user does it? It's basically the same situation as hosting a website, if you upload and publish a copyrighted page, is the host responsible? The google blog says it does... Hmm, that's interesting... Another difference is that google is doing it by itself, whereas historious only stores pages that users specify and only publishes them when the user specifies it. We'll have a chat with our lawyer regardless, thank you! Ah, no, our users cache pages, but if they want the cache world-readable, they need to explicitly click the "publish" link. Thank you for the information, I'll talk to our lawyer about it just to be safe. Ah, that's the nature of online commenting! Thank you for your concern, we'll talk to a lawyer to clarify this (perhaps in the ToS). Thanks again! For the record, something I forgot to mention. All the ads load for the site of the cached page, and all the links lead to it. So, the only way the original site is impacted is that they don't have to bear the load of 50k visits on their site. Otherwise, they get all the ad revenue, signups, links, etc. Essentially, we 're the only ones who don't gain anything from this. It's Microsoft software . Who would not have it?! Clearly adding the code branch is an unnecessary waste of time. I guess yes, I have Mono... I'm sorry, but I never understood: What does "consultant" entail, exactly? Is it writing code for other companies, telling their devs how to write code, telling them how to engineer their systems, or what exactly? Since you've done it, can you tell me a bit about the caveats of converting from floating point to fixed point arithmetic? It would seem that the only thing you'd need to do is multiply by whatever doesn't make you run out of space, so, as someone who hasn't actually tried it, I'm wondering what the hard part is (apart from the obvious loss of accuracy when transitioning from floats to ints). Wait, if it took a day per second, how did you even know it worked? :P Thanks, I suspected it was a catch-all term, then. It also turns out that my side-business is consulting, but I wasn't aware of the term. Now that you've explained it to me, I can better market my skills, thank you. Huh, this is true. I wonder where my math went, there. I am, I'm in the UK. I know the DMCA safe-harbor laws don't apply, but neither does the DMCA. Copyright law is similar everywhere, however, so I just wanted to get an idea. I have a lawyer researching this right now, though. Thanks again! That was very informative, thank you. Is $100/hr typical for the US? Maybe I've been undercharging at $55... Many people seem to be mistaking Instapaper for bookmarking. I get "why should I use historious over Instapaper?" a lot, even though one is a "to read" list and the other is a bookmarking service. Ironically, I also get "why should I pay for historious when Instapaper is free?" a lot as well. Looks like I'll be getting that less often now... I will, thanks. Currently I'm way more busy than I'd like, which tells me I need to raise my rates. I might even end up making more... Yep, it looks like it... Prices go down the larger the project is, but I have a tendency to cut them 30% for more than a few hours... Maybe I should keep them high and see what happens, thanks... Do you mind if I ask what you did, roughly? I mean, what was the object of your work? Yep, good advice. I don't even think #2 is necessary, really... Neither. Ideals aren't about convenience, that's why they're ideals. While I love Skype, I can appreciate the fact that it's stifling innovation and killing interoperability, since you can't use it with SIP... It's as if we had email, and then a proprietary protocol which everyone used. Countless services would never have been created. With a good amount of American exceptionalism thrown in... Wow, this is great news, thanks! EDIT: Wait, this just converts your SIP phones to work with Skype, it doesn't allow you to call other SIP phones. E.g. I can't use it to call Truphone/Gizmo users with it. It's a two-tier phone service, same as IM clients. This is why the GP's ideals are a good thing. I'm with pilif on this one, when someone sends a skype message, all my devices ring (two laptops, one desktop and three mobiles). This happens for every message . It's so infuriating I log off Skype on every machine apart from the one I'm currently on. You can continue a Jabber conversation by just sending a message from the device you moved to. As far as I know, all subsequent messages will go to that one. It's also great for preventing snooping when you leave one device on at work and chat on another at home. This is completely off topic, but do you know if I can install Vanilla Android on devices that come with Sense? I'm getting a Desire HD and I'm curious if I can just remove the entire HTC thing and install the plain Google one if it comes with too much crapware. Does everything work, or do vendors have too much integration to install the vanilla OS? Do you know if this thing will replicate all data of every person in the network? Or does it just connect to your friends' nodes and pull only their own changes? Yeah, I don't get it either :/ What was it? Erm? http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/ironical A system to push/pull selected messages to distributed servers (securely) would kill , and would be the basis of a revolution around the internet. I think Diaspora botched that chance, even though I sent them an email about it. Maybe they didn't really, but I hear their code is bad. Besides, we need a platform, something like CouchDB, Diaspora is more of an app on top of the platform (but maybe I'm wrong on this one as well). In a nutshell, easy/secure push would be a killer platform to build the new Twitter/Facebook/FourSquare on. Of course, this couldn't be monetized easily, so maybe I'm wrong. Thank you, I was hoping it would be good. What's rooting? Is it like jailbreaking? I thought Android phones were open? Thank you, I hope it'll be a nice change from the uselessness of iOS... Can't you call a Truphone user from Gizmo, since they both use SIP? Heh, I went to historify that site and post the cache to help out, but wasn't sure if it would be seen as shameless promotion. I'm proud this feature sees usage, and glad you like it! EDIT: I'm glad to report that server load is at 0.01 right now, so hammer away, Varnish is pretty much indestructible. Hmm, it's odd, it sounds perfectly acceptable to me. I'd never have guessed it's not used, maybe because it's "ειρωνικός" in Greek, which would accept the -ical suffix (like "λογικός" - logical (and not "logic")). TL;DR: English is a second language :P "Your honour, seeing how important this password is, I stored it in the encrypted drive." Any keyboard is truly ergonomic as long as you rest your elbows on the desk... I contend that this doesn't matter, as long as all the arm muscles are relaxed. I type lying back in my chair, with the shoulders almost at keyboard height, and I've found it very comfortable... Fantastic, I'm glad it's been good so far. Finding that Really Useful Article is working very well, I've been using it for months and it's great :P Unfortunately, it can't not load the CSS/JS/images from the other site, as it would take some pretty involved spidering and a bit of additional code on our end to support caching CSS/JS/images, so it's not very much worth it. What is worth it, though, is building in a sort of version of Readability into the cached page. So you will be able to click "light view" or something and reach a well-formatted page with only the text for the bulk of the article. This is so you can read it better if the parent site is down (it'll load faster without CSS/JS) and you can read it on your mobile, kindle, etc. This is a bit debatable, to prevent snooping, but I agree. They would probably hit the sweet spot if they notified all the devices, initially, and then stop the notification on all but the active device as soon as you replied. I think that would be the best implementation. Thanks, that looks like a good resource, which I'll definitely need. Yeah, seriously. Did you expect you'd just drop the old domain and you'd still get the same visitors? I changed my blog's address from poromenos.org to korokithakis.net and 301d everything, I saw zero reduction in visitors. If you tell Google you're redirecting (from inside Google Webmaster Tools), they'll even oblige and rewrite their own URLs to the new ones, preserving PR. Yeah, same here. I noticed a few spots were blank, so I'd say around 540, but yeah, close enough. http://www.deadmansswitch.net/ You can encrypt your passwords or just say "I've left my passwords in a locked box, the combination is X". DISCLOSURE: That app is mine. I'll send you an email telling you how to pay the webhost :p I agree, but some people just want someone to tell their online friends that they died, I guess... I will second this. I had a few people bullying me in highschool, but never resulting in any sort of violence, just namecalling/etc. One day, when I was hanging out with friends, he came over and started calling me names and generally being very confrontational. At that moment, I realised that I had to put an end to it then and there. I punched him twice in the face, and he went down. When he got up, dazed, his friend split us up. He never even talked to me after that, and always avoided me. If my kids ever get bullied, I'm teaching them Krav Maga. Hmm, I never understood the use of a company Twitter account following people. Why do you need to read other people's statuses on your company account? The historious Twitter account, for example, only follows the parent company's account, just to show that it's a Stochastic project, and nobody else. If we need DMs, we email people or urge them to email us, as we'll probably need a larger space to write in anyway. Is there a benefit I'm missing? Ah, I see what you mean now... I prefer not to spam my followers with semi-irrelevant discussion, the stream is mostly used for updates or customer support. It's North American Man/Boy Love Association, so NAMBLA. Don't you guys watch South Park? This is about Twilio, not Twill. I know it is; South Park popularised it. I'm glad I'm not the only one. I was worried for a minute, and then I thought "wait, I'm on Ubuntu. How did IE crash?" As Pewpewarrows said, you can use pip with a virtualenv to deploy with one command. If your settings.py is any good, you can load your data dump in an sqlite database in one more command, and you're ready to go. We used to develop historious like this, until we switched to redis/celery. Then it became too much hassle to install these in every machine, plus we wanted to test on the db we used (postgres) rather than sqlite, so we made a VM and now everything's dandy. You do need a VM if you use memcached/redis/some other thing and don't want to install it on your machine. Other than that (for 90% of cases), virtualenv has you covered. You're committing a fallacy in assuming that they have no choice. Even if there are a million novices with Photoshop and two professional designers, they'll still get a better deal than having chosen one professional designer. They'll pay the same money and get two professional designs they can choose from, instead of just one. Is there any doubt that they were trolling with this new logo? It looked like a placeholder from the first moment I saw it, and I know nothing about design (see historious). This is interesting. How do people feel about this forced following? The compiler does a million things to speed up your code, which are mostly lost when you write pure assembly. I wouldn't be surprised if a c program was noticeably faster than the same thing in assembly... Sure, but the Gap didn't commit to choosing one, as far as I know, so they still only stand to gain from this. This is odd, considering how reddit bans the submission as soon as two accounts vote on it from the same IP. EDIT: Hmm, the page in the video says "unique IPs", so it looks like they are used remotely. Odd. Your "buy now" looks a bit funky on Opera on Linux, nothing huge, but you might want to get it fixed! It's absolutely not appropriate to ask employees to work as well as actual co-founders. If you want them to work as well as co-founders, give them equity. Hell, I expect my employees to fight me for their rights, when I don't give them enough. If you aren't going to pay your employees like co-founders, they should very well not work as cofounders. I already run Ubuntu server, so I'd rather not charge Canonical. I don't really know why I said that, just, you know, don't cost them money if you already know Ubuntu Server. Support Ubuntu by not using this! I agree, but I think that's something they grow into, rather than something you can enforce/influence. I have a feeling we agree, though. No, it was the exact same page. It normalised after a few days, it was just a fluke. I can't share the actual data, but the method of calculating the confidence was the standard formula from calculating the confidence for the Z-score as used in http://abtester.com/calculator/ , Google Website optimiser, etc etc. The numbers did check out, it was just an unlikely fluke, which is why I don't trust the confidence interval as much as I used to... There wasn't much to go wrong... The A/B testing system renders one template in two ways depending on whether the user is in the test or control group, and the template was the same in both cases. If we had made a mistake, the results wouldn't normalise when we got more data, they would have just stayed there. Sure, but the way you estimate your sample size is working backwards from the confidence level you want to get. In this case, we were waiting for the confidence metric to tell us when the sample size was appropriate, but it didn't work out as planned. The worst part was that we actually did make decisions based on the confidence metric when it was as low as 95%, sometimes, and then realised that we shouldn't have (we should have waited for more data). This is what most people who talk about A/B testing don't mention, that you need more data than you think, in order to get good results. Thanks for that, that's something I haven't seen anywhere. Do you have any references that explain why this error occurs? No, this was about a month ago. You can give historious a go, as the account is free (as opposed to pinboard), so it's no-risk! No, we hadn't estimated the necessary sample size. To be honest, nobody expected the confidence metric to go so high for a test with no changes, which is why we were surprised. We've studied various A/B testing resources and we haven't seen this "peeking error" mentioned anywhere, so we'd appreciate any resources you may have (and would possibly summarise them in a subsequent post). Thanks for the help! Hmm, yes, I see now why you're right. I'd like to read a bit more on the theory, though, so we don't make these mistakes again. I'll look around for some resources, thanks again! Yep, that's what I realised from your and jfarmer's comments. It does make sense that you're sampling multiple times and peeking to see if you've reached that, thank you. I saw that as well, thanks. This isn't the sort of statistics we did in uni, so it's always good to get extra pointers. Thanks again! Thank you. I guess that depends on long-term vs short-term gain. Sure, you'll gain a few days' worth of signups, but you have a small chance to make a decision that will impact every visitor from that point on negatively (which you haven't detected). You only think that because of sites like this one. URLs are very certainly for people. I'm not very partial to all these single-use apps. Did we build the web and all these great, standards-compliant web browsers so we can have an app for each platform for each site we want to visit? I understand that browsers can't do everything native apps can, but wouldn't it be easier to extend the browsers to do these few things than have each company reinvent the wheel? Same here, although I wonder if people will know what an idiot I am when they read my reddit comments. Why can't it be automated? I'm not sure a web app couldn't be made that would submit your Android app in all marketplaces, as well as an aggregation app that displayed apps from all (or some) of them... Yes. I have especially cruel and unusual parents. That was a very interesting article, thanks. One question, if I may: When using a reverse proxy, it makes no sense to have keepalives on for Apache, correct? The proxy takes care of the keepalive and leaves Apache free for other requests? Well, many users choose Windows because there are many developers (and thus a lot of software), but I'm not sure that, in a two-sided market, each side will choose the market because the other side has high cardinality. From what I understood, it's only one way (attract the users and the developers will come). I see, thank you. Our lawyer advised us to add a clause to the ToS and we, of course, take action against copyright infringement. Thanks for the feedback! Thus priming you to expect large prices and pleasantly surprising you with the cheaper prices. Cyprus might be a tax haven, but the accountants will get you. We got a bill for 2,000 euros from our accountant for filing some papers or something. We had, quite literally, three jobs in the past year, totalling 3,000 euros, and the accountant wanted 2/3rds of that to file those three invoices. I am not sure if you can file taxes without an accountant, but be prepared to pay through the nose for one. Both our lawyer and our accountant also gave us bad advice, like telling us we needed to register for VAT (we didn't), just to get more money out of us. A year later, the company owes the lawyer and accountant more than it ever made, without us ever seeing a single cent. I wish I could move to Linode from Slicehost, I have a slice with my personal/hobby sites on it but it's too expensive (I could have a Linode twice the size for that price). All my new servers are Linode, of course (including historious, which is breezing along). Their London datacenter is the fastest I've seen, even faster than some dedicated servers I've used. I'm sorry, I know one shouldn't criticise if it's not constructive, but this must be the piece with the largest text/content ratio I've ever read, and I've read a Stephen King novel. Thank you very much, I looked for a calculator like this but they were all too complicated. I'll update the article to include this. Thank you, I downloaded the Bayesian method paper linked in the article and was going to read it, I'm very interested in a probably optimal stopping method (obviously). I'm only afraid it'll fly over my head, despite my having a bit of stats background. Thanks again! One of the things I love Greek banks for is that they have none of this overdraft nonsense. If you have no money in your account, the transaction fails. I've tried to buy groceries and things a few times without having money in the account, and it just didn't go through. That's also much better than the overdraft ripoff, but I'd much rather not owe anyone. I guess the best thing would be for the bank to offer that option when opening the account. How do you get no monthly fees? We have an account with NatWest (RBS group), but the site says 20 euros/mo. Yep, that's the paper. I'll try to read the book when I find some time (thankfully, "get more data" is good enough for now). Thanks again for your help. Thank you, I've send them a contact enquiry. How can it be so cheap, though? PayPal does 3.4% + $0.35, and WorldPay does just 1%? Is there a catch? I did, when the accountant told us he wanted another 2,000 euros to unregister us from VAT. It turned out to be a simple, two-page form. God I hate that guy. I hoped it would be an emacs tutorial. Vim is quite obviously the best editor ever, but I already know vim! Hey, we used AIMA (which, oddly, is Greek for "blood") in my undergrad and I loved every page, great book! Thanks for writing it! I'm not sure, I'm both but I never found a good tutorial on emacs... You'd be better off posting your github URL, I guess. What's a better place to get real stats on usage than your own analytics? I can tell you this is also true for historious, Chrome is at 46%, Firefox 27%, Safari 20% and IE 3%. Opera is 1.8%, but that's probably all me :( We can't really justify much effort (it's usually large, too) to accommodate 2% of users. Hell, until very recently, our bookmarklet didn't work with IE (some XSS security settings? We never figured it out), but now it eschews the nice overlay it uses for other browsers and just bookmarks stuff. It's ugly, but it works, if our users want a better experience we recommend switching to a better browser. I agree with everything you say, except that Facebook, GMaps and a few other sites don't work very well for me. Hell, I just opened GMaps to see if they'd fixed it and the browser froze. We do support IE now, so those numbers should start to stabilise, but still, the percentage is very low. It probably is early adopters we're getting, but I don't think there's a way for the bookmarklet to work with IE in the way it works with other browsers. I've tried disabling all security settings, but IE still won't allow JS access to the iframe. Ah, I've had such problems before. I fixed them by deleting all my preferences files, which I shouldn't really have to do. I'll try a clean install and see if it fixes it, thanks. Good thing we have sync, at least. Hmm, I wonder how they did that. Maybe the popup has different permissions than the iframe, or maybe they pass the selected text. Unfortunately, their code is obfuscated, but thanks for the tip. Ah, that's good news. I look forward to not having to launch other browsers! Way to succumb to confirmation bias (EDIT: I actually meant outcome bias, thanks for the correction), article. If they won, they'd lose 600k (I'm not sure where the other 200k went, for a total of 2.5m). If they lost, they'd win 400k. They would benefit from this only if they had less than a 40% chance to win, which, from the looks of it, they didn't. From their view, it must have looked like the other teams tried to get them (who were almost certainly going to win) to hand out some of their cash to them. It was a rational decision, and they did make the right choice given the information available at the time. They could have been charitable, but that's not mandatory.