"When you hear hoofbeats, think of horses not zebras" Assassinated by the government is definitely a zebra Driving recklessly because of PTSD from being in a war zone is going to be the horse in this situation: http://articles.washingtonpost.com/2013-05-05/national/39048... And if he was not assassinated by the government, then this whole thread is just providing a distracting side show when there's a real known issue out there that kills thousands. I built out some webservers with apache on it for a dev team once. I just set it up with an index.html that had "FOO" in it just to prove that you could point a browser at it and you got "FOO" back. Well a week later they configured them behind a load balancer VIP so they wound up on a public IP address. That was fine, but now you could them from the real world. The mistake happened because that IP address had been used as part of a pool for the public website and it was still configured on the networking gear doing dynamic dns for the front end website. As soon as the IP came back up again the DNS appliance decided that cluster was 'back in service' and started handing out its IP address in response to www. .com. This resulted in a sev1 ticket coming back titled "customers reporting 'foo' on the website". Imagine how much worse it could have been if I hadn't kept it professional and used some more controversial text there... Yeah, as usual it seems the internet is going off half-cocked about this. Looks like the FAA is grounding all aircraft below 3,000 feet at the request of the (state) national guard to conduct SAR with helicopters. Complaining about FEMA looks like its just shooting the messenger in this case. And the state (i.e. local) National Guard is just executing on their own emergency plans and they don't have the ability right now to coordinate air traffic control with anything other than their own helicopters in the air, so everyone else is grounded with no exceptions. That's actually pretty reasonable triage of resources in an emergency. The UAVs might be useful, but they're outside of the scope of the emergency plans right now. Best thing that Falcon could be doing would not be throwing FEMA under the bus, but lining up sales with the National Guard so that the next time this happens the Guard will have their own UAVs in the air under their own command and control structure (and civilians will again all be grounded, no matter how helpful they might want to be). Ancient Unix lore has it that you need to do 'sync; sync; init 6' in order to sync the buffers and reboot. Sync was supposed to only schedule a sync, but would block if another sync was already running. I have no idea how applicable that lore is to modern 2013 Linux... Definitely would like to see more careful research than just removing the sleep(2) and declaring victory and address if that sleep was simply vestigial or not... +1 on "what the fuck are you talking about?" Climate science even got a physics prof from Berzerkely (who was convinced that only physicists knew how to do science right) who went in with an anti-climatology bias, and was funded by the Koch brother, and he replicated climatology results in the "BEST" study -- to the point where journals like Nature turned down publishing the BEST study because it was not new information and only confirming already well known scientific facts. So a Koch-backed study has actually determined that climate science really is science. That's like the Catholic church in the 1600s funding someone to investigate Galileo and publishing that it looks like the Earth goes around the Sun after all... They looked at siting effects as well: http://www.scitechnol.com/2327-4581/2327-4581-1-107.php They used Watts own siting data and showed that both poor and good sites showed the same temperature trend over time. The data back to 1860 are also sufficient to establish the current warming trend and through other analysis (e.g. Meehl, et al's work) to establish the climate sensitivity. Climate science as a discipline does not hinge on knowing exactly how warm it was 250 years ago within +/- 0.5C. Yes, there is basically no real evidence for any of the multiverse hypothesis. If they're right then physics and cosmology has nearly ended in its reach of what is knowable. It feels so much like this is premature surrender and physicists are turning themselves into religious philosophers just because they can't think of anything better. If we had been backed into this wall for hundreds of years with nothing better, then I might agree that the program was over, but I think the whole anthropic/multiverse idea is a condemnation of how sold physicists and cosmologists have gotten on one possible solution, and indicative of the fossilization of some of their ideas. We need a new Einstein to do away with the modern-day aethers... "Only if you assume that there are no significant cyclic effects on longer time scales." We know about cyclical effects on longer time scales like Milankovich cycles, we understand solar variation and volcanic effects. We know about the Younger Dryas and Daansgard-Oeschger cycles. We know about shorter term oscillations like the AMO and PDO. You apparently know nothing of any of this, and have never heard of Muller's BEST study even though it was splattered all over the New York Times a few years back. Yet, you feel competent enough to make statements about how climatology isn't a real science. We also know about something called the Dunning-Kruger effect. "I expect you to look at the items I pointed out and see what you think of them. If you don't agree with them, feel free to give specific reasons why not." You need to do some research first. The fact that you had never heard of the BEST study indicates that you don't know the most superficial details about climate science and this debate (and ones that were splattered across the New York Times). I'm not going to do the work to educate you. I expect YOU to do research before you demand me to produce a 250-paper annotated bibliography of climate science and its justification. Come back when you can explain the radiative physics behind CO2 being a greenhouse gas and how it can be shown in a table-top experiment, and when you know what Milankovich cycles are. Explain what caused the last Ice Age to end, be prepared to discuss the PETM. Explain the theories behind the warming that led up to the Eocene optimum 49 million years ago and the subsequent cooling after that. Climate science is more than just arguing about anthropogenic global warming. If you want a place to start, go here: http://www.amazon.com/Earths-Climate-William-F-Ruddiman/dp/0... Then start hacking away at these: http://www.amazon.com/Paleoclimatology-International-Geophys... http://www.amazon.com/Principles-of-Planetary-Climate-ebook/... Try getting off the Internet and exposing yourself to some actual science and not arguments about science. FML I'm old - -XYnn. .company.com foo-prod-1101.sea1.company.com foo-dev-1201.sea2.company.com foo-test-2101.ord1.company.com 'foo' is whatever, and 'mysql' is bad while 'corp-db' is better as other commentators mentioned. for XYnn match X to the airport code of the datacenter, match Y to the sequence number of the datacenter, and 'nn' is a 2-digit code for the number in the cluster. all short names are unique this way. all datacenter can have a mix of prod/int/dev/test. you can use DNS name resolution search path to lookup services like 'ldap' in your local datacenter. don't use serial numbers. foo-123456789 is annoying for humans to use and will get truncated with interesting results. i had a discussion one time on chat with another engineer where i was looking at box '123' and he was looking at box '789' and we were both getting real confused because it seemed like we were on the same box... because we were... also only use "company.com" as your domain for every server and desktop in your company. if you need "company.co.uk" then it should only host websites "www.company.co.uk" that points at VIPs and the servers behind that should all still live in company.com. if you have windows boxes then setup a domain for AD "ad.company.com" or "win.company.com" and let your domain servers own that and setup proper DNS delegation from the parent. One nit to pick here is that I'd say that Chef is 'explicit' about ordering (I explicitly say exactly what is going to happen), while Puppet I would call 'implicit' based on solving a dependency graph and a bit of random hash order evaluation. This is actually one of the founding principles of Chef in that Adam Jacobs got tired of, in large systems, when you get one link in your dependency tree wrong you wind up with code which will pass tests and get deployed to prod then accidentally get broken the next day as the random ordering changes. Also, Chef does have dependencies between cookbooks and we do depsolve at that level. You can even construct things so that your base role that does most of your user account creation, ntp, dns, mail config, etc -- which is most of the time orthogonal to your app -- does not need to be a dependency of your application cookbooks. If you're deploying a rails app you can make that cookbook depend mostly just on installing ruby and deploying from github and you can test that, tightly, in isolation on a vagrant VM with test-kitchen. You can also setup more complicated integration scenarios where your nginx load balancer cookbooks don't depend on your apps, and your apps don't depend on your nginx config, but you can have integration tests for your nginx loadbalancers that brings up both in a virt and makes sure that you can load balance your app -- again, though, without sucking in every person's ssh keys in the org to set it up. And even though you're expressing dependencies, you're doing so in a array with an ordering to it, so that the dependencies reliably get solved in the correct direction, so that even if you don't specify the deps right, if you get the ordering correct it all works. And for credentials, I started using CFEngine in 1999, I did most of the "base role" of Amazon's CM infrastructure from 2001-2006 (growing from doing config pushes to 400 servers in my department to 30,000 servers across the company), then I built a few more small CFEngine deployments of 1,000-3,000 servers before moving on to working at Opscode. And my background with CFEngine -- which really invented the Prolog-style-Config-Mgmt that this whole article is about some 20+ years ago. And with the frameworks that I built on CFEngine I always imposed ordering so that you could read scriptlets from top to bottom and see what happened and then composed those scriptlets in runs that would execute in order. When we started out not doing that it was hugely confusing to newbies since actions would be taken in a seemingly random order in the file and that is not a natural way for people who walk into config management -- so we went out of our way to break the dependency-solving that CFEngine did and create something that ran almost exactly like Chef does (technically even more extreme, since there was no dependency resolution between "cookbooks" and while there wasn't an explicit run_list the order that files were included simply determined the order of execution). Push based SSH models fail pretty badly when you starting talking hundreds or thousands of servers under management. Those models have existed for a log time in tools like rdist, and sitescope tried to sell 'agentless' monitoring which required SSH in order to monitor servers. I've seen deployments of sitescope like that hit scalability walls at a few hundred servers as the ssh client processes on the sitescope server were chewing all the CPU doing SSH session negotiation. And the point here is that 'agentless' is really a lie. You're not agentless, you're using sshd as your agent. And when you dig into that protocol its expensive and not designed for RPC, its designed for interactive logins, and its chatty and chews up resources. It also isn't terribly reliable. It seems reliable when you're using it on your workstation and logging into a few dozen servers a day. You don't remember that time a few months ago when it had a 'derp' and you had to login again. When you're hitting 30,000 servers multiple times a day, you start to see the unreliability of the underlying protocol. If Ansible is going to survive you're going to see some kind of 'persistent fireball mode' where you ssh into the box and leave the zeromq daemon running and it starts looking a whole lot more like push. And really you want nodes registering back to your server. It makes discovery so much easier since you just configure your chef/puppet/cfengine/whatever server in whatever bootstrapping scheme you're using (kickstart, custom amis, whatever) and then whenever a server comes up, it registers and starts working. The push method where you have to edit a file on a server which is used to push code just leads to crufty servers getting untracked. The idea isn't really new, its been around for decades, and its always the first baby steps on the road to doing config management. So here's the thing that happens to me... When I eat certain foods, I tend to wake up in the middle of the night feeling hot, and it feels like I've got elevated blood pressure and my mind is racing a bit and it keeps me up at night. This is a very particular effect and it seems to be food linked. I get it after eating Chinese food, I get it after eating Pizza, I get it after eating a pile of spaghetti with red sauce. I used to gorge on Triscuits and Cheese and I'd get the same effects. I thought it was the carbs at first since those seem to be bad for me with weight gain and thought it was all related. But, there's another link there which is that all of that has MSG or glutamate in it (and also lots of sodium of course). So if i stay away from those foods I don't get the horrible sweaty middle insomnia symptoms. I can eat carbs if I stay away from glutamate/sodium, so my first guess that it was the white rice, pizza crust and spaghetti noodles was incorrect. But the MSG is always correlated with the symptoms. Is it the MSG or is it that the MSG comes with the salt? I dunno. I'm not really certain that it matters either. (I've also had my BP taken by a cardiologist the day after eating Chinese food and it spiked enough to cross the line between normal and high blood pressure the next morning after the meal...) Agreed. Everyone in the physics community pretty much knew that the FTL neutrino problem had to be a measurement error, including the group who published it. I think one individual had to resign because they jumped the gun a bit on the initial announcement, but overall they hit a situation with a pretty crazy and groundbreaking result and none of them could poke holes in it, and all of them were skeptical about it. They published that information in the most responsible manner possible, but the media handled it pretty poorly. Some other cases are the first two "discoveries" of the top quark, which were both wrong (and the one in 1984 was by Rubbia who won a Nobel Prize for the W and the Z so he wasn't really a lightweight). Recently, CDF at Fermilab had to retract their W+multijet mystery which might have been a leptophobic Z' boson, but was just that they didn't understand their background (again, everyone kinda saw that one coming as well). Also a couple of the dark matter detectors thought they had some signal, but the recently announced LUX experiment negative results pretty much crushed them. This kind of back-and-forth actually happens all the time. That isn't bad science, that's just science. I've been doing performance analysis and debugging as part of being a unix/linux sysadmin now for something like 20 years. And even though I have many well-cherished anecdotes about explaining the VM free list to software architects who were the go-to guys for the vision of our entire global platform, complete with PhDs, I still don't want to go back to the bad old days without a shared buffer cache. There's a reason why that's there, and you don't want to go back to 1992-era memory management. It also makes perfect sense from the perspective of writing the software. The free list really is the list of VM pages that have been free'd and that has a specific meaning, and changing that name internally would be terrible. You just need to understand how the machine actually works. this is called "Manufacturing Consent" and its the major purpose that 60 minutes has always served. it is not new. "Gold bugs will always like Bitcoin"... Is that like "Real Estate only goes up?" Remember that one from circa 2005? This problem really does lead to crypto currencies having no floor like Krugman points out. At some point everyone decides what the next hot crypto currency is, and suddenly Bitcoin turns into Friendster and there's a rush for the exits and the price collapses. It really does seem like cryptocurrency fanboys have bought into a form of "this time its different" because... crypto. And they're ignoring the fact that it is a currency with zero to backstop, and its clearly dependent upon fashion and popularity, since there's a growing marketplace now of competing cryptocurrencies. This thread has been very useful to convince me that bitcoin is a classic bubble. I have no idea when it'll pop, but it appears almost certain that it will. Can you not see yourself contradicting yourself? You admit that some other crypto currency may win. That means that bitcoin may lose. Lose. LOSE What happens when it LOSES? Like Krugman points out, there's nothing to backstop it and no floor. Oh right, but he's just an economist, he doesn't see the "inherent value". He just doesn't understand... You so easily swap contexts completely between all of this "inherent value" nonsense when you're addressing Krugman, and then a marketplace of cryptocurrencies which clearly is 'libertarian' and is going to have clear winners and losers -- without, obviously, thinking that last word through very clearly. I'm clearly going to need to load up on popcorn, this is gonna be fun to watch... yep. and the culture of internet snark and bullying certainly isn't helping this problem. Amazon doing anything for free for the open source community would seriously shock me. Its interesting that you immediately translated "means of production" in the preceding comment to "means of production to be owned by the state". There's other possibilities for "the workers owning the means of production" that don't necessarily involve the state owning the means of production. You can have the workers who do the actual work at the plant own the means of production, instead. Setting up a dichotomy between top-down heirarchial capitalism and top-down heirarchial statism implicitly ignores any possible middle paths. Fuck the USPS. Seriously. Its been obvious for at least a decade that the customers are direct mail advertisers and we're the product and we can't really opt out (I've signed up for a several opt-out services and I still get junk mail). reflected images in pictures might also disclose that you just got out of the shower and didn't bother to put on any clothes yet.... And as someone who has been on both sides of doing security research and systems administration. Generally, this kind of "pro bono" work isn't telling us anything we don't know, and since its not coordinated with the target it'll potentially get system/network/security adminstrators up at 3am in their morning to respond to your probes, and will drain company resources. You're also demanding that the company address whatever it is that you find, in short order, when it may actually not be the most important thing to the business -- particularly when you announce it to the world rather than follow responsible disclosure. When "researchers" then flip around and talk to the press and don't follow responsible disclosure, then what you're dealing with really is a hacking attempt. You're walking up to the doors and windows of a business and jiggling then to see if they're open and taking notes on what kind of locks they're using and how they could be bypassed -- without any kind of approval from the business owner. Then you're turning around and damaging the business by talking to the press about it. Back when I was more interested in computer security (roughly '94 just like tptacek), I knew that scanning systems that I didn't own without permission would get me in trouble. We seem to have devolved a bit in our collective maturity where we think we can just fly the flag of "security researcher" and that this gives us permission to initiate what look just like attacks on systems. If you don't own a system and don't have permission for it then don't attack it, and don't put the government in the position of trying to discriminate between a foreign government launching attacks and a "security researcher" with pure motives... And don't be too shocked if the government and legal institutions have issues in distinguishing between those two cases and throw you in jail for 15+ years. The way to avoid that outcome is not to do it. Only attack and probe systems that you own or have permissions to attack and probe. Just because you're a "security researcher" who is egotistical enough to think you can save the internet from itself, that doesn't mean you're going to get treated differently from a foreign national with less pure motives. Stay away from shit that isn't yours (and the security of the entire internet is not your sole responsibility). That was badly phrased. The point I wanted to make was that if you don't want to get into a situation where you're being threatened with 15+ years of incarceration (because prosecutors decide to try to blindly throw the book at you), then don't give them any reason to. Don't put a judge in the position of having to determine if you're an ethical grey-hat hacker, or a north korean spy, because you might lose the judge lottery (which may be shortened on appeal, but you'll be rotting in prison in the meantime). Justice isn't the machine language of a computer that has deterministic outcomes given its inputs. You're asking humans to determine your motives, which will be necessarily be subjective. And I'm not willing to put my freedom at the risk of someone else's subjective determination. And when "security researchers" do grey-hat hacking they shouldn't be too shocked if they're arrested and charged with those kinds of crimes, because they're asking too much of the legal system. And that doesn't mean that its 'right', and i'm totally against that kind of penalty. Even though I think its wrong to test vulnerabilities and spin around to go to the press, I see a huge difference, and think that the penalties should be closer to a slap on the wrist (a fine, and 30 days in jail / community service kind of penalty -- not 15+ years in prison). But I'm not going to put myself into the position of making a judge and the legal system make those kinds of distinctions. What is so important about being able to do that kind of grey hat hacking that you're willing to put your own freedom into that level of jeopardy? What's scary is how self-centered you are. How do you know that the vulnerabilities haven't already been found by an internal security audit, and that they're in the process of being patched, but by your disclosure to the media you are petulantly demanding that the company patch your vulnerability right this instant so you can get the fame and ego gratification from it? All large companies have vulnerabilites, there's always work that needs to get done, that always get triaged according to impact and then people who ideally should have 40-hour work weeks have to start patching code, then it needs to get Q/A tested to prove that rolling it out won't break everything else, and all that takes time. And I have worked for companies that took security seriously and worked for companies that had laughable security practices. In either situation, having 'help' from external 'security researchers' was not useful. In the case where companies were run competently it just means that you cause people to scramble and push solutions before they're ready. In the case where companies were not run competently it just causes people to scramble and does nothing to affect the underlying shittiness of the company. You are not going to be able to fix shitty companies. Its not your job to stop future Sony PSN networks from getting hacked, you can't do that, and you should stop thinking you can, and stop using that as justification for your own actions. And then conspiracy theorists latch onto this kind of shit, but believe that it must be malicious silliness... Why didn't Reagan respond immediately? Well, he was waiting to hear from Chancellor Gorkon that the KAL flight had been successfully beamed aboard and was en route to Pluto, of course... Clearly they'd have their shit together better so it couldn't have been a 23-year old rebooting all the computers accidentally and wiping out hours of critical work -- that would just be ridiculous... Run a cronjob every hour which: a. ensures ntpd is running and starts it if its not. b. checks `nptq -rv` and looks for the self-reported state of ntp and bounces if it is not sync'd. c. 'manually' checks ntpdate for the drift against a known stratum 1 and bounces the daemon if the drift is out of bounds (something like 50ms is a pretty good cutoff since ntpd normally does much better than that). You can run this out of chef/puppet/whatever but it needs to run with a frequency of about an hour (faster than that and ntpd often won't settle well, and slower than that and you can be needlessly waiting too long to fix problems). Running it as a cronjob uncouples it from how often your config management runs. This will catch all kinds of issues -- crashing ntpds, ntdps that randomly lose sync, kernel problems that keep them from keeping sync, ntpds that lie about their sync status, etc. I set it up to e-mail me as a form of monitoring (with heavy-duty procmail filters). Had 30,000 servers with this script running against it. I think 6 of them had shitty clocks that were getting reset every single hour, but were still keeping time correctly to under a second. Every couple days there would be a server that'd flip out and send a few e-mails until it quieted down and synch'd. At one point we had a shipment of several hundred new servers that all had issues with kernel drivers and the cronjob was bouncing ntpd constantly on them until a kernel upgrade fixed the problem. I also used to bounce ntpd once a night, but had to take that out because it would cause non-monotonic slew in the clock which timers around service calls would turn up as negative seconds that due to unsigned int conversion would turn into 4 billion second p100 times. You do want to be careful about things like network outages, if you can't ping your upstream stratum1/2 its probably better to leave things as it is. And again, you really want to limit the frequency that you bounce it at, and you want to be aware of servers where it gets into a state where you're bouncing ntpd constantly. Reading comprehension... I had 30,000 servers, all but 6 of them were not getting hard resets. 6 of them were getting hard resets every hour because they were sick. Occasionally a ntpd on a server would go a little crazy and it would get a few hard resets. This script got it back into spec so that it didn't need hard resets. I mentioned specifically that you can't send hard resets to ntpd more than about once an hour or it won't have time to settle and you'll wind up in a situation where you are constantly sending hard resets to it (which is bad). I took out the nightly forced hard resets of ntpd specifically because it affected monotonic time. If you look at the algorithm I wound up with ntpd will only be reset if: a. it is already crashed and not running b. it is self-reporting that it is out of synch c. is is more than 50ms out of synch with an upstream time server In all of those cases, you have already lost the battle to get sub-microsecond accuracy. The point is also to fill both lanes, so your last suggestion doesn't work very well. And I've been known to be a "vigilante" before. I'd give it up in a second if people would actually start filling the other lane. There's a merge here in Seattle -- the southbound I-5 collector-distributor with the onramp to 90 where it merges back into I-5 -- where people zipper halfway reasonably well and I actually routinely stay in the less-filled lane and late-merge. Washingtonians are awful at late merging/zippering though. Even when people are late merging you get tons of people merging early and then the line moves forwards and it screws over the lane that is being merged into. People just won't simply drive forwards to the merge spot. Dividers might help in some cases, but when the road is empty and everyone is doing 60+ mph the dividers are going to cause accidents. You could try to put down double lines on the road to block merging, but nobody pays attention to those here either. Getting zippering into drivers ed and getting them early, spamming the TV with ads, and putting signs up all over the place and carpet bombing the message might work. Happy to see them doing this. Oh yeah, and there's definitely an emotional component to it. When I'm stuck behind 50 cars and some asshat in a BMW goes speeding past to late merge the world goes completely red. I would love to stop doing that. If everyone zippers the asshat just has to pick a lane like everyone else, and there's no way to "cheat". And yes, "asshat" and "cheat" are all in my own brain. I find it extremely difficult to stop thinking that way when I see it though. "...your compiler is pure and utter shit ." That is throwing the guy he's responding to and the whole GCC compiler team under the bus with a very thinly veiled personal attack. If he was just hurling insults at the code, I could defend him, but that would look more like: "What the 4.9.0 compiler is doing to my scheduler is fucking insane. It can't be spilling constants like this because we can get hit by an interrupt while the stack is insane and then we'll be screwed. And this other shit is worse and just has to fucking go." Less pointing at the other devs and screaming that they're incompetent and more pointing at the code and screaming that its going to hose the shit out of the scheduler. Yeah, actually he did. He explicitly addressed it as "your compiler" and then proceeded to spew venom. That turns it into an attack against a person and not just code criticism. I'm very much not "make some friends", I'm much closer to Linus's model by default. I still remember when Linus and friends couldn't write a VM that worked on a server to save their fucking life and all Linux was good for was running xmms on Linus' desktop, but I was stuck trying to run his garbage in production. What goes around eventually comes around. And we can either all yell at each other and wind up tuning the fuck out, or we can try to be slightly more civil and realize that everyone is trying to solve hard problem and getting yanked in a dozen different directions. I'm willing to give the GCC compiler team the benefit of the doubt that these bugs were not due to the team being generally incompetent or lazy. Not perfectly 'dark' or we wouldn't see this at all. Still makes it dark matter for all practical purposes. Given the absolutely massive amount of dark matter that is out there the fact that there's a tiny emission line hinting at its existence that has taken us decades to find indicates that its still pretty damn dark (assuming this holds up). "I am not planning any nuclear attacks as my centrifuges are on the fritz and I have been unable to procure switches accurate enough to get a good implosion out of my C4 detonators. Also, it turns out that my ICBM designs are prohibitively expensive, and the Russians will not let me have access to their launch sites for some reason." if you want to copy everything and there's nothing at the target: rsync --whole-file --ignore-times that should turn off the metadata checks and the rsync block checksum algorithm entirely and transfer all of the bits at the source to the dest without any rsync CPU penalty. also for this purpose it looks like -H is also required to preserve hard links which the man page notes: "Note that -a does not preserve hardlinks, because finding multiply-linked files is expensive. You must separately specify -H." be mildly interesting to see a speed test between rsync with these options and cp. there are also utilities out there to "post-process" and re-hardlink everything that is identical, so that a fast copy without preserving hardlinks and then a slow de-duplication step would get you to the same endpoint, but at an obvious expense. I like making the devs who write the application the SREs who are going to be supporting it and making them carry a pager. If its worth it to the team to write code with edge conditions that will errantly wake them up in the middle of night occasionally they can make that decision to put that tax on their own lives, not someone else's. Then the SREs are in every single code review. Seems that Godwin's Law needs to be updated for 2014. As online discussion grows longer, the probability of doxxing and death threats approaches 1. And the standard corollary is the side which doxxes and issues death threats first automatically loses the argument. Maybe you should stop making so many generalizations? There is the odd total idiot on a bike who blows through stop signs and stop lights without stopping and doesn't have a headlight and is dressed in all black without a helmet. There are a ton of other bicyclists who have flashing headlights, dress in bright yellow jackets, wear helmets and stop at intersections. What do you want the latter to do about the former? Its not like there's a meeting of bicyclists where we all get together and draw lots for who gets to be the idiot this week, and just because I ride my bike to work doesn't imbue me with any magical abilities to police the idiots out there. I suspect that you're not really looking for any kind of workable solution, though, and you're just butthurt about the one guy who did that one dumb thing to you, though, so please continue to vent uselessly about what "cyclists (in general)" should all do to appease your indignation. I've been going downhill at a reasonable clip and taking the center of the lane (because of speed and the hazards of card doors opening up suddenly) and had cars behind me be so impatient to pass me that they'll forget to check for oncoming traffic and nearly get into head on collisions with other cars. I also started pulling fully into the lane because even though I'm travelling at speed downhill I've had cars pass me, with about an inch to spare when there was oncoming traffic and they were nearly pulling into the other lane -- I've had to take the tactic to force them to choose between flat out murdering me or else getting into a head on collision if there's oncoming traffic. Another time there was construction with cones out and I went inside most of the cones and let cars by, but had to merge into traffic around a cone where the actual construction was happening -- and a car decided they couldn't be slowed down for a second by a bike in front of them and they passed me and ate a traffic cone and dragged it under their car for 2 blocks. Some people just completely lose it when they have a bike in front of them that is going to slow them down for even a second or two. I don't know if its rage or stupidity, but they get really, really dumb. I can't wait until manual driving on freeways and in major cities is just banned and everyone has to have their cars on computer control. All the road rage goes away, all the inattention, all the derp would just go away, and traffic would move faster, and all the headgames would be gone -- replace it all with google algorithms that know how to pass a bike safely. Yeah, his definition of mean clearly doesn't involve superficially charming sociopaths and narcissists. As long as the person can look attractive and chat personably during a dinner, or out for drinks, or be the center of attention at a meeting they're 'nice' and not 'mean'. Never mind the fact the whole time they're talking to you they're taking notes on where to slip the dagger in your back should that ever become necessary. I think his wife's x-ray vision is necessarily quite a bit off. I argued politics with a lot of FOSS developers on Usenet in the early 90s. They weren't apolitical. And the internal politics in FOSS were often very highly charged and often bitter. The splits that created OpenBSD and DragonflyBSD, Stallman's politics with FSF and GNU bleeding over into endless licensing flamewars on the LKML mailing list, etc. You are either highly naive about FOSS or you've just defined all the vicious politics in FOSS as being just and righteous -- and that is exactly the justifications that the lynchmobs and their leaders in this article hold towards their victims as well. In college I fell into a 26-ish hour sleep schedule for awhile (which meant skipping some classes when my schedule rotated around to sleeping in the middle of the day). I probably had diagnosable Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder at some points of my life, and used to need 9-10 hours of sleep in High School and College. Never been a morning person. Jet lag to Europe is inevitably completely brutal to my system. Be happy that you can adapt. It isn't a choice for me. I've struggled with this for 40 years. That is insufficent, try going through TCP/IP Illustrated Vol 1 at least and really learning TCP/IP and use tcpdump to rip apart packets. You should learn in detail the tcp state diagram and how to read netstat output. Know what the TCP 3-way handshake is and PTMU discovery and 4-way connection teardown and be able to apply that knowledge to debugging. Learn how to program in C at least well enough to write simple clients and servers, write a trivial threaded application using something like pthreads (just a couple ideas). Then start reading Advanced Programming in the Unix Environment. Really learn how to use Strace -- you should know what the difference is between a system call and a library call and be familiar with many of the common system calls you see in the output of that. You should understand the sockets API and file IO APIs. Should be able to understand socket and file descriptors and understand the output of lsof and be able to use it to debug problems. Pick up the latest version of the Daemon book and learn how a Unix system is architected and what the different kernel subsystems are. Start poking around in the linux kernel sources. Use your C knowledge to make some toy modifications to the kernel (a /proc entry that echos back 'hello world' when you cat it for example). Read Unix Systems for Modern Architecture by Schimmel as a start if you want to go further here. Take the same approach to the higher level aspects of systems. Your package manger is important so if you are on a RedHat system you should be able to take a trivial piece of C code that you wrote and properly package it so that you can build it, package it, and install it. If you've built by hand or seen C packages built by hand you should have encountered 'configure; make; make install'. You should write a toy C program with a portability issue (find a Linux/FreeBSD portability issue and write a toy C program with that problem in it), and write an autoconf script so that you can run your code on either O/S. Pick up either CFEngine, Puppet or Chef and learn how to use it (you can also add Salt and/or Ansible, but please don't consider yourself an expert if you don't understand the limitations of those two). Study Mark Burgesses Promise Theory. Learn at least one high level scripting language that is in common use: Ruby, Python or Perl. You should also learn bash (and ideally learn old school /bin/sh and its differences with bash as well), but you cannot stop at just shell scripts. Ideally you really learn how to program and write 10,000+ line object oriented programs, and write code that is tested. Learn what inheritance and composition are and why some software developers argue you should favor composition over inheritance. Learn the Law of Demeter and other principles. Install and use something other than Linux to broaden your horizons a bit. FreeBSD at least. Solaris or one of the Solaris derived distros would be even better. Having a Mac as a laptop is also useful but I'm not sure it replaces playing with different server O/Sen. Then, you definitely do also want Limoncelli's book and Nemeth's Unix and Linux System Administration Handbook and be able to configure a wide range of different systems apps (sshd, ntpd, SMTP mailers, apache, nginx, etc). If all you can do is install and configure apps, though, then you're no better than a scriptkiddie running scripts they download off the internet if you can't write them yourself. You won't understand what you're actually doing, and won't have a prayer of debugging some of the harder problems you can run into in architecting and debugging issue that come up in running those apps in a large and successful environment. I was doing "SRE" level system engineering at Amazon back in 2001 long before facebook ever existed. Also when I grew up as a junior system engineer in the mid-90s I looked up to "system administrators" like Wietse Venema who coded in C and wrote tcp_wrappers and postfix, and Larry Wall who wrote his own programming language. The System Administration / Software Developer is not a new invention of Facebook/Google. What is "new" is the "System Administrator" that started getting hired in the late 90s who couldn't do anything other than install programs and configure them and maybe knew how to 'ps' and 'kill' and that's about it. Even the old school Enterprise-class system admins knew more about debugging crash dumps and using their tools even if they did call up IBM when they needed a patch. You are literally the problem with system administration. The attitude that you don't need to know how to program or understand the architecture of the systems that you run on is a highly privileged attitude that you are practitioner who can remain ignorant of their tools. The good news is that kids these days are being raised on SREs and there's a billion people in India who will take your job and won't have an attitude about learning how to program. Ultimately, you are going to be a curious dinosaur. You are a unique product of the late 90s Internet bubble where the need for system administrators expanded so much faster than the available supply and anyone halfway technically minded got hired for really good salaries and put in charge of servers. That is going to change and evolve. And I spend 5-10 years learning all that knowledge back in the 90s and its 15 years later and I can state with confidence that there's no regrets. If anything my only regret is that I didn't learn how to really practice "software development" as opposed to "programming" even earlier. Going forwards, I expect that more an more the lines between systems and software is going to blur and MY advice to kids these days would be that they will only be able to be ignorant of software development practices at their own peril. And I stated doing PC Tech work in the late 80s, became a Unix admin in the mid-90s, managed the configuration management system and base configuration of a site that grew to 30,000 linux servers in the 200Xs, and then after 15 years switched to being a Software Developer. I'm fully confident based on experience that you are offering absolutely terrible advice to someone who is just learning, and you are out of touch with the direction of your own field. I certainly threw in things there which I would not consider a requirement for hiring. I DO expect basic knowledge of the TCP state diagram and ability to parse and explain netstat output in actual hiring interviews. I would not expect someone to have read Schimmel's book and know how kernel locking works in great detail. My advice is to really learn how to write some toy C programs at minimum an learn the sockets API and really have a copy of APUE and use it occasionally. I highly recommend a project where you do some kind of trivial 'hello world' patch to the actual kernel sources and things of that nature. I have actually, on my job, seen issues that require this kind of knowledge -- like one incident with massive amounts of TCP RSTs and I've cracked open the kernel sources and tracked down where the TCP stack can issue RSTs, and found a problem with TCP Timestamps and the PAWS algorithm and the way that our layer 4 hardware loadbalancers at the time were doing packet rewriting and preserving all the random TCP timestamps from the clients which was hitting very high velocity servers and when TIME_WAIT state sockets were hit with a 'backwards in time' TCP timestamp from a different client it would issue a RST and tear down the connection because of PAWS. You might be able to find that kind of problem by studying the TCP RFCs and books like TCP/IP Illustrated instead of opening the kernel sources, but its the kind of problem that you aren't going to be able to Google. And I don't really have the ability to write a [modern, multithreaded] TCP/IP stack (although I could certainly acquire it), but I have demonstrated the ability to read the sources and get real-life work done by doing so. For all the candidates that I interview I want to see some indication that they can work without the Google safety net and show some ability to track down problems on their own. Continuous Delivery is going to eliminate that from the equation. The software developer will write software and tests and if they pass the tests throughout the pipeline then it will ship to production automatically and potentially multiple times per day. Much faster than the heavy ITIL based change control process that requires you to be inserted in the middle of it will manage. The companies that do this will have a velocity that outstrips the companies that do what you describe and will naturally have an advantage in the marketplace. There will still be room for security compliance and someone in the company to be responsible for that, but they'll be writing tests that check software for compliance automatically, they won't be some drone in an office looking at a form and stamping their approval on a change request. Your industry is changing. You may retire before it really hits you in the ass and kicks you out, but your advice for people getting into the industry is terrible. In order to be able to usefully debug perf issues you need to have a fairly deep understanding of systems architecture though or you're no better off than the software devs that you're slamming. There are a lot of "I don't need to learn programming" system admins whose knowledge of how to debug performance issues I could teach to a decent software developer in an afternoon. There are even more SAs who cargo cult completely incorrect assumptions and tend to throw money semi-randomly at problems because the last time they had a wonky server they upgraded the RAM so this time if they spend the money or more RAM that'll fix it too. And yes, I've had to painfully explain why Linux servers report nearly all their memory as being fully used and what the VM free is was to a Principle Architect at a major internet firm with a string of PhDs and who had built the software architecture of the company from its founding. Controlling a huge chunk of the technical direction of the company and doesn't know the first thing about the VM or how to tell if a server is really out of RAM or not. There's still going to be a skillset which is closer to the hardware, but people need to really have that skillset. Most people who call themselves SAs do not actually have that skillset, they're just semi-technical people who wield root power and throw their weight around the company. I read blogposts all the time, I do use google first if I don't know the answer myself offhand. I have the background, though, to be able to determine what smells correct and don't just type in all the commands from the first random web page that google kicks back at me... And these kinds of discoveries come and go a lot. Of course eventually one of them really needs to pan out in order to explain dark matter and dark energy. But the default attitude to any of these results should be a good dose of healthy skepticism. I would like to see optional static type checking. I don't even really care that much if the error is caught at runtime or not. I'd just like to be able to assert that certain functions always took or returned certain types, or that certain variables were always of a certain type. I'm already winding up documenting these interfaces in YARD and testing this in spec tests. It'd be nice to just assert it in code as well. I still like duck types to be able to write methods that take random objects and #to_s them or whatever without having to worry about declaring that they implement some Stringable interface -- but the more common case I'm running into is where parameters, variables and return types could really use strong typing to avoid errors. I like the problem of "you are travelling at 0.75c and you turn on your headlights, how fast do you see the photons travelling and how fast does a stationary observer see the photons travelling?" better. Then the answer is just the speed of light in both cases, and that's really the crux of the problem of special relativity and that the speed of light is constant in all references frames. Then you work backwards to see that the observer that is moving must have time dilation effects. I also liked the geometrical approach to Minkowski space-time a lot better than just chewing through formulas -- like Taylor and Wheeler's Space-Time Physics book. Drawing light cones and various grids and curves of constant space or time measurements relative to different observers made it all a lot more concrete to me. Its really kind of depressing that this is 'news' enough that it gets 245+ upvotes here. It can't be older than the internet itself, obviously, but its damn close... Weird. I have 2,200+ e-mails in my inbox dating back to 2011. They're all read and just archived and I positively give zero shits about them -- except occasionally I do a search to find an e-mail that I got months ago (often package deliveries or itineraries or something like that). If it scrolls off of the page then its largely out of sight and out of mind. I didn't respond to it, so I probably won't. Maybe the solution is to just stop caring about them as much and be a bit more brutal about your instant triage of if you're going to respond to them, and how much time you need to spend responding to them? I've casually abused all kinds of drugs, including alcohol, pot, MDMA, LSD, etc and never had issues walking away at all. After going through one (prescribed) bottle of Xanax at the lowest dose I had personality changes, addictive drug seeking behavior and about 24 hours of agonizing withdrawal with my skin feeling like it was on fire. Medically I think they have a place for very short term acute emergency treatment and long-term palliative care, but otherwise healthy people really need to stay away from them. And they're nothing like Alcohol, even though they both act on GABA, from experience I can tell you that its a huge mistake to put them in the same class and think that you can treat them the same way. Maybe useful for truly suicidal anxiety disorders as well -- however benzos here are going to be a solution in much the same way as regular expressions -- now you have two problems. kids these days don't know how to talk(1), write(1) or finger(1) Open Source is not "the cooption of Free Software". Early versions of the BSD License dates back to at least 1988, the GPLv1 was created in 1989. Do whatever you want, or public domain licensing existing long before either. If anything GPL and the FSF co-opted Free-as-in-Beer software into their own version of Software-that-is-forever-Free, and now have rewritten history to the point that all BSD code is an attack on Freedom. And this is largely why GPL/FSF is fighting a losing battle these days. Companies view the GPLv3 as toxic, and most of the kids on GitHub don't care and don't understand why their code isn't just BSD-by-default (and the License Anarchy "movement" is a much bigger problem than this losing battle that FSF is picking with Open Source). The shape of the curve is driven by the independent variable (CO2 concentration, volcanic activity, etc). The magnitude needs to get adjusted so that it doesn't produce inconsistent results when extrapolated backwards in time. Which is the problem with explaining the recent spike in temperature as anything other than CO2 concentration. Most of the other variables like solar flux are relatively steady so that if you increase their climate forcing effect you get a really bad fit in the 1900s which is non-physical. There's also additional data like satellite measurements of the broadening of the absorption lines of CO2 and H2O in the IR blackbody spectra that the Earth radiates and the measurement of the shortfall of outgoing radiation in the radiation budget which are consistent with GHG effects and independently confirm these models. Another flaw with this algorithm is that it doesn't take into account if the author is current or not. You could have a TF of 8 but 6 of those are devs who have left the project, so your actual TF is 2, but its probably worse than that because a good chunk of the codebase is old with no current maintainer. Cancer of the bile duct? If so, its nearly always fatal. By the time the lump is big enough for someone to go to the doctor to get it checked out, its always stage 4, terminal and inoperable. Only way it turns out differently is when a surgeon is poking around in there for some other reason and stumbles across it. Mostly kills people in their 70s and 80s or older so there's not much research done on it. Same as a friend of mine lasted. Doc gave him 9 months. EDIT: and I think he was lying a bit about the diagnosis in that letter, or else his docs were lying a bit to him. That may have been what he wanted to believe. If it was discovered "routinely" outside of surgery it was stage 4 to begin with, and there wasn't any hope, and it was probably inoperable (the fact that he got an operation and only lasted 12 months suggests the op didn't do any good). Not really casting aspersions on him, though, just cancer is really shitty, and this one particularly bad. This is just dumb as nails. Now I can't login to the production server in order to strace the process to figure out why production is misbehaving. And don't say you should always replicate the issue in preprod, sometimes you simply can't. Some issues only emerge at prod scale+load+latency that you don't have the financial resources or technical ability to be able to exactly replicate in a testbed. You are drunk on too much koolaid, go home. The Virginia DCs are in different flood plains and on different power grids. A hurricane remnant did hit the one year (2005 probably) and a tornado took out power to one of them. Yes, exactly. This is an old-school ops team that learned about "devops" and "immutable infrastructure" and figured now they have all the necessary arguments to kick the devs off the servers once and for all. Not progress. I left in 2006. It seems to have actually gotten substantially worse there. Wow... The "different take by a current Amazonian" is amusing - only work there for 18 months - technical bar raiser - engineering leader If you're one of the chosen ones then Amazon is a great place to work, and its a SDE-driven culture, and if you're on top of that, then life is good. And the claim that there's no "culling of the herd" is false. Its called top grading. Managers stack rack employees during the annual performance review process and a certain percentage out of any group must be given the lowest reviews and put on "PIPs" (in other words starting the process of firing them). And I'm a non-anonymous ex-Amazon employee that worked there for 5 years. The company may not be as bad as the worst examples from the NYT piece, but its far from a good company to work for. Best advice for any current Amazonian is to work there just long enough to get it on your resume and learn stuff, then switch jobs, get more pay and find a better environment. I'm pretty certain that these are exactly Jeff's intentions. Jeff wants everyone to play hardball and take no prisoners, and that includes both the way that Amazon treats its business partners and the way it treats its employees. Its customers are typically a different story since they understand they can't piss off customers too badly and need to give them what they want. I can't speak for Larry, but I worked at Amazon from 2001-2006 and everything you've read recently is consistent with the corporate culture back then, and falls directly out of guidance from Jeff. What you are reading about is the end result of Jeff executing successfully on his vision. One of the old security scanners (SATAN/SAINT or COPS maybe?) would test and report if your chroot was vulnerable to `cd ..`. Diablo didn't invent cheating in internet games. I was writing bots for nettrek back in 1992, and it had been going on for a lot longer than that. Nettrek probably invented anti-cheat practices including RSA signing the binaries and moving most of the logic to server-side. You could program info borgs to give you better display of information than other humans, and you could program combat borgs that simply reacted faster than humans could (particularly with automatic tractor/pressors, auto phasers at close distance, and auto aiming torps), but cloaked ships had their positions randomized server side so you couldn't get magic accuracy to lock on them, and torp wobble and hits were all computed server side so there was no way for client hacking to change the basic physics. The new name was entirely due to Chef the product having vastly more name recognition than Opscode the company. "So, where do you work?" "Opscode" "Oh, never heard of them what do they do?" "Server configuration management" "Oh, kinda like Chef or Puppet then?" "Uhm, somewhat like that first one, yes..." (Or just confusing Opscode and Opsworks, which was equally bad from a name recognition standpoint) don't think its unnecessarily harsh. i used to do something like this with a freebsd box and had all the wireless clients dhcp to the freebsd box and route through them while turning off dhcp on the wireless router. ultimately it was a PITA and i run merlin on my wireless router now and it gives me everything i really used the freebsd box for. and if you have an IOT thing which is misbehaving and you really need to dig into it more than you can with merlin you can always setup ip forwarding on a linux desktop/server/whatever and force the IOT to use that as a router and MITM your own traffic for that box temporarily. I did this. Over years I started with a freebsd box with a front wired network to a DSL link that had no other clients physically connected to it, with wireless and wired backend cards in it to serve the client networks... To a system where the freebsd router had a single drop and two interfaces and did routing between them and DHCP'd for the client network (and the physical network was bridged between wireless and wired by the wireless router I had bought)... To a system where I just have a wireless router and don't worry about it that much any more. I get traffic stats, connected clients, etc which is mostly what I need to know about. Its nice being able to sniff all your wireless traffic at the AP, its also nice being able to tcpdump all your transit, but ultimately the complexity wasn't worth the flexibility for me. Yeah, I've got the opposite problem. I'm naturally conservative and dislike novel things because I figure they're a flash in the pan. I'm very cynical of new hype, and prefer tested technologies. My enormous blind spot is that I then miss legitimate trends, and I can completely fall behind in the industry. I also find myself not learning new tricks and techniques that would improve my workflow, and have to take time out of my schedule sometimes just to play around with new approaches. I can definitely see how both approaches lend something, and both approaches have huge weaknesses. The biggest issue that I've actually seen with novelty-seekers it that they'll build something based on some new framework or tool--that turns out to be be really rough and they hit those rough edges and get frustrated. Then instead of trying to fix the tool they're using they move on to some other new shiny tool of the day. That behavior can leave a ton of tech debt in its wake. Ah, fond memories of async ext2 corrupting root filesystems beyond recognition... I think we 'invented' 'disposable infrastructure' back in 2002 because the filesystem forced us to... The MegaRAID cards that would eat their configuration along will all your data didn't help either.. Can't remember if we switched to ext3 in ordered or data-journaled mode but it made an immense difference... last time i logged into a WWIVnet BBS must have been around 1991... And solving the actual problem would be much easier with test cases than an algorithm. This is made ever more important if the original implementation is "complex and likely to have subtle bugs" since that implies that anyone reading the comment is likely to miss 'seeing' important edge cases. A really simple way to solve this would be to move the simplified algorithm to a test suite which iterated over some important edge conditions and validated that the simplified algorithm and the refactored code agreed. That would preserve the simplified code, but in a much more useful form where automated testing could be done against it. Having a single test for a subtle edge case that can be missed is better than a committer and a reviewer both missing that edge case and committing code that breaks it. I can't fathom how anyone thinks that documenting the algorithm is better than running the algorithm. The only possible explanation that occurs to me is sociological and that when someone eventually breaks the code which was only documented, you can heap scorn on those who allowed it to be broken because they weren't as smart as you are to be able to see that edge case in hindsight. Which I guess is 'better'. I'd prefer to have a test that fails. When code breaks an edge case that nobody thought of, I'd add that edge case to the test suite. It will never be perfect, but it will work at least some of the time. And assuming that test suites must be perfect and complete to be useful is also incredibly naive and a sign of an immature and fairly novice developer. Test suites are always imperfect, you must always guard against them and not assume they do everything for you, and yet you need to take the time to build them and maintain them since they make your code quality better when they do catch edge conditions where you weren't smart enough to see your own bugs you were introducing. I guess some programmers are just smart enough to never commit buggy code though and don't need them... Zero structure just leads to lots of shitty issues that have no information on what version of the software it was against, no reproduction steps, and no stacktrace or debug output. I'm tired of closing issues with "I cant reproduce at all, maybe you're on an old version? Anyway feel free to open a new bug if you ever come up with a reproduction step..." A simple optional field to include the version number that the issue was being reported against would do wonders for my interaction with users. And you don't need to include that on your software project, but really if our users can't be bothered to tell us what version they're running, I have many, many other issues to fix which I know are broken in master. Which I guess is the difference. If you're a small project with few users, then the handful of bug reports you get are useful and you want a zero barrier. I have literally thousands of bug reports, hundreds of those will be left without ever being fixed (even though they may be perfectly legitimate). I have to triage. If a user is blocked by not being able to tell me what version they are running then that pre-triage of making them not even bother to cut a ticket with bad information is useful because then they don't waste any of my time... I work for Chef (where Julian works) and all of the requests in "Dear GitHub" certainly apply for getting my job done as well. No, even the French nuclear build showed negative learning effects that had nothing to do with anti-nuclear propaganda. A global nuclear build is going to do much, much worse than France did: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0301421510... Abstract The paper reviews the history and the economics of the French PWR program, which is arguably the most successful nuclear-scale up experience in an industrialized country. Key to this success was a unique institutional framework that allowed for centralized decision making, a high degree of standardization, and regulatory stability, epitomized by comparatively short reactor construction times. Drawing on largely unknown public records, the paper reveals for the first time both absolute as well as yearly and specific reactor costs and their evolution over time. Its most significant finding is that even this most successful nuclear scale-up was characterized by a substantial escalation of real-term construction costs. Conversely, operating costs have remained remarkably flat, despite lowered load factors resulting from the need for load modulation in a system where base-load nuclear power plants supply three quarters of electricity. The French nuclear case illustrates the perils of the assumption of robust learning effects resulting in lowered costs over time in the scale-up of large-scale, complex new energy supply technologies. The uncertainties in anticipated learning effects of new technologies might be much larger that often assumed, including also cases of “negative learning” in which specific costs increase rather than decrease with accumulated experience. Sad how there's a simple answer to that problem and nobody has been able to answer it correctly so far. It falls directly out of the requirement that physics works the same in boosted reference frames. With Gallilean relativity if you were traveling at 0.5c then the speed of light in front of you would be 0.5c and behind you would be 1.5c. This wouldn't just affect tabletop physics experiments but would change everything about atomic and molecular physics which is all just applied electrodynamics. That means your biology would fail in odd ways due to chemical reactions in your body changing if you were traveling fast. SR is just Einstein working backwards from wanting to keep the equations of E+M invariant to however fast you were traveling. As a result, the speed of light needs to be constant in all reference frames. That means if you are traveling at 0.5c you measure the speed of light to still just be c. All of SR basically falls out of that, including implying that c is s 'speed limit'. Although I guess to be technical that's also built on principles like conservation of energy and momentum, but you can get those from Noether's theory and space and time translational symmetries. There might be a deeper more naval-gazing philosophical question here as to 'why' we find ourselves in a universe that has physical laws that work the same in highly boosted reference frames. It actually does us a favor as far as space travel and interplanetary travel goes since otherwise we'd be forever limited to traveling at substantial fractions of the speed of light to other star systems (to keep our biology from failing). The local relativity of physical laws is also critical to extend the theory to General Relativity and express Gravity as the curvature of space-time. Without SR, then the theoretical basis of GR will necessarily fall apart. There's no a priori reason why the Universe could not have had Galilean relativity, though, but gravity couldn't work the same way and physics in boosted reference frames would be very weird. There might be some perverse cosmological result of taking Galilean relativity to its extreme, but I wouldn't know what that was. You're assuming a large demand for space tourism and little suborbital hops. Once the novelty wears off and the 0.1% who have the money and want to experience it have gotten their ride, then what is their business model exactly? Yeah this is basically what I'm thinking. It seems like Blue Origin might be able to do some brisk trade for awhile in Russian billionnaires who can drop $100k to hop up into space and impress whatever supermodel they're trying to woo this week. I don't see that ever getting to a launch-a-day. I did look up the company, though, and they plan on building vehicles that can compete with the Falcon 9. At that point the competition would start to get more interesting since that opens the doors to everything you just mentioned SpaceX could wind up doing. SpaceX is launching Falcon 9's now though... People use slack because they use it at work and don't want to have two different message clients and want to consolidate. Free software is not meeting the needs of corporate users and has failed them, so they are using Slack or HipChat instead. Your dogmatic stance on "I am completely opposed to editing messages after they are sent (chat is append only!)" is a good example of how open source is failing corporate user. I typo things all the time and want to be able to edit them, and don't care about your philosophical objections. You can try to bludgeon and guilt people into using open source tools, but the problem is fundamentally that the tools that are Open Source are /failing/ a set of users. If you fixed the tools and ran HipChat and Slack out of business with Open Source competition, we wouldn't even be having this discussion. Lecturing people about Freedom(tm) and "Devsplaining" to users why they don't want the features they tell you they want isn't going to work. If you want people to get off of Slack write an Open Source alternative that Slack users will freely choose to use instead. Compete in the market and win -- or else you're just pissing into the wind. Eliminate all the drivers. - No more speeding - No more tickets for speeding - No more driver's licenses or DMV waits - No more car insurance - No more "Driving While Black" - No more DUI - No more merging too slow - No more not signaling - No more cutting you off - No more rear end collisions - No more speeding to make the light - No more driving too slow etc, etc, etc... "Our belief is that if someone doesn’t like them, and they won’t click on them, any impressions served to them will only annoy them-- plus, serving ads to people who won’t click on them harms campaign performance." ^^^ so much this. there's this implied assumption that everyone using an adblocker is lost revenue, but a lot of that is going to be shitty ad impressions that never lead to clicks. like it or not, advertisers can't actually put a gun to my head and force me to click on an ad and buy anything. even if its a targeted ad that manages to engage me (coincidentally this did actually happen this morning with an ad from one of the rare newsletters that i've allowed to be sent to my e-mail inbox) then it probably doesn't work the way with me that advertisers want it to. i managed to find a product that i was interested in, but it was too expensive for me. so i did a "brandX vs ..." search on google to find brandY and now i've bookmarked the product their competition sells which seems to be more in line with my budget... if you want to 'game' my purchasing habits you'd be better off not advertising at all in the classical sense, but instead send your product to review sites and/or just buy reviews in order to saturate google results. however, when all i see is obviously bought off review sites i'll go looking for relevant forums and look for user threads. by far the best thing there is to have a social media presence and have a staffer that surfs through forum sites and answers questions. plus, you know, just have a good product for a good price to get people talking well about it... i realize that's some fucking crazytalk there though... It also disparages his contribution to the scientific discussion to just state that he was "proven wrong". Bohr's argument in the discussion was a bit of a mess and I couldn't pull anything out of his rebuttal to EPR other than an assertion that QM behaves the way it does and not to pay any attention to the man behind the curtain. Its a very philosophical argument with very little scientific content and he just proposes that the QM math is correct because its correct, as far as I can tell. EPR made a logical cogent argument. It was based on the philosophical principle of the locality of physics. They translated that into the mathematics of Quantum Mechanics and proposed a simple experimental test. Later that was refined by Bell and tested experimentally by Aspect and others. It was the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen paper that laid the groundwork of how to test the non-locality/hidden-variables of QM though. EPR moved the scientific discussion forwards much more than Bohr did, but it turns out the test they proposed showed that the position they favored was incorrect. Also Einstein was arguing first and foremost that physics must be _local_. That's in opposition to the "spooky action at a distance" bit that he didn't like. Since local hidden variables are ruled out then he really was proven "wrong". TL;DR I think Bohr's argument is rubbish, and Einstein's is solid, but the Universe is a bitch and doesn't care... At the same time you can overdesign something based on how it 'should' be engineered to the point where you haven't shipped anything and your company is bankrupt. You need someone that can pick a decent enough pattern which can get the job done in the time allotted. I would not hire someone that has a list of a hundred 'shoulds' which need to be met for any project to be shipped. That's a recipe for never shipping. In this case, "regression to the mean" is probably the wrong phrase. Generally, though, when a CEO is looking stern and fearful and declaring writedowns and layoffs and erasing the 'goodwill' off of their books one quarter along with huge losses and financial penalties, etc then the next quarter usually isn't quite as big of a shitshow... So the point here would be to buy a stock that has been overly punished and become unfashionable, while the overall business is still sound and will eventually rebound and the stock price should perk up. If true, though, reading the negative emotions of the CEO would be correlated with past performance and it wouldn't be useful to determine if the company really was sound or if the company was actually heading to zero. "Last but not least, nearly all graphical terminals refuse to highlight IPv6 addresses with a simple double-click. This issue might not have existed in the mid-late 1990s" Yes, we'd barely introduced fire then, we certainly didn't have the technology to double click to highlight a word... I'd agree. I think in 10 years we're starting to have the conversation about when human driving should be banned in metro areas. At that point it'll be obvious that the technology has arrived, and the safety record will be there, but not everyone will have the technology. There will be the problem of telling someone with a jalopy that they need to park that outside of the metro and pay for an Uber to their destination which will probably snarl that up for at least a decade or more... At some point, though, as rich people are zipping along in cars that never get pulled over for speeding or having taillights out, the "Uber tax" is going to be calculated to be less expensive than the "PoPo tax" on the working poor. Your grandma, with the ability to receive telemetry from every other car around her, knowing her position to within a few mm, having a reaction time governed by light speed delays, and knowing as much about the Physics of driving a car as an army of PhDs has been able to teach her. And programmed to turn off the blinker light after merging onto the freeway... Not around here... Lexus and Escalades beat out Mercedes. I haven't seen a lot of difference between BMWs and Audi drivers either. I seriously need to move from Seattle to Boston. I can't stand the drivers here who completely vapor-lock at 4-ways until someone waves them through... Of course I don't really like 4 ways in SF where you have to fight tooth and nail for your right of way, but some happy medium where everyone just efficiently goes when its their turn would be nice... So I argued we'd start the conversation in 10 years and that it'd take at least another decade. I that is 20 years until we'd see the first ban against human drivers in metro areas. To be there I do think we need the first generation of fully automated cars available to the general public in 5 years or less, which I think we're actually close to or we wouldn't be having this very discussion... I argued that it'd be 10 years when we'd start the discussion, and that it'd be 20 years from now before metros start to go driverless. Heh, all these years I thought it was just me. Hated sophomore ODEs. Much later took a mathematical physics course that actually taught me ODEs. Also took a year of applied mathematics that really solidified PDEs and taught me complex analysis. Took another graduate course in calculus of variations that was useful. Another very senior-level physics course taught me greens functions, method of steepest descent, etc. The Physics and Applied Math profs were vastly better at teaching Math than the Math profs. Only real problem was in the freshman Physics courses where they taught you sloppy vector calculus before you'd seen that from the freshman calculus courses (and generally if you tried to pick up Math directly from the Physics courses that were teaching concepts it was all sloppy physics math -- it worked but you never quite understood why...) I went the other direction, I programmed for decades without syntax highlighting because back in 1989 I thought ANSI color directory listings were for MS-DOS weenies, so I used a monochrome terminal for everything. I finally became a software developer and adopted syntax highlighting and haven't looked back. Catching unterminated strings and mismatched do..end blocks in ruby saves an incredible amount of time where you can just fix it immediately in-editor as you are coding. I find it amusing that now we've got hipster programmers wanting to get back to basics and reject syntax highlighting. Trust me, its not better, colors do make you more efficient. The huge problem with your analogy is that what you're describing is saying 'no' to a feature that can't exist or else it is inherently a security backdoor. The feature that Clinton wanted was not inherently a backdoor. The feature even existed and Obama was given the solution. Obama's blackberry proves that a legitimate need existed and there was a secure solution to it. But Clinton was told 'No' and this is the kind of situation where it leads users to simply bypassing the security. You can't justify the 'No' response to Clinton on the basis of your 'No' response to a diagnostic backdoor. The fact that you can't see the difference in the two circumstances is why the security industry has a credibility problem, and why you've probably got a credibility problem. Unlike your example, a secure solution existed to the problem. Obama used it every day. Clinton was told 'No' and she chose, like many users do, to view it as a broken policy rather than as a legitimate security concern--because it probably was. Some users are dumb and want stupid broken things and have to be told why they can't have it. Other users are pretty smart and know when the reason they're being told 'No' has more to do with petty government feuds and bureaucratic infighting. Your post sounds like a well-rehearsed speech, and I suspect that you've used this a lot to say 'No' to requests--are you certain that all of those cases have been as legitimate as the case in your speech? I tend to doubt it or you wouldn't have posted it here in a case that shares little of the same circumstances. I was an System Engineer III at Amazon from 2001-2006. I got hired on at $70k and I think I was making roughly $90k when I left. When I was hired I had to tell them "No" and hang up the phone (in the middle of the 2001 recession) to a $63k job offer. They called back the next day and bumped the offer to $70k. I later learned that I had one of the only "strong hires" ever given out by the bar raiser and the HR rep was told to hire me at all costs. HR played (and probably still plays) insanely hard hardball in negotiating salary. Other SEIIIs hired at around the same time came on at $60-63k and were stuck there. Once the economy recovered in 2003/2004-ish we eventually started hiring SEIIIs at >$120k starting salary. Gender: M Native English Speaker: Yes for myself and the other two or three employees I'm thinking of. $20k/yr, there goes my plans for quitting my dayjob... I'm not assuming a whole lot. The problem is not fundamentally unsolvable because Obama had one of those phones. The solution existed and at least one of them was produced. The US Government spent $4 trillion in FY 2016. I can't imagine that a secure blackberry for the Secretary of State would have costed more than a negligible fraction of a fraction of a percentage of that. The "lack of resources" was someone /deciding/ that they didn't want to spend the resources on securing the US Secretary of State's phone -- not some kind of law of nature or economics. The person who made the judgement that there were "no resources" to accomplish the task ALSO needs to be held accountable for that decision. No, you're still making category errors and still completely blind to them. You slide from race conditions and attaching debuggers, to a policy decision by a bureaucrat not to come up with the resources. You fundamentally cannot be held responsible for the existence of debuggers in the universe. That is just silly. The bureaucrat who said 'no' to the request from the state department can be held responsible for justifying that decision. With a $4T budget I can't believe that the US government couldn't find a few bucks under a cushion someplace to dig up another blackberry for the Secretary of State. In fact, its pretty much negligence that they couldn't. And when you make pure policy decision about security you cannot abdicate responsibility over users deciding to work around those policy decisions when you make bad decision. "weboob the asshole detector" I think it probably /is/ an asshole detector, but not quite in the way that the authors of that webpage /think/ it is. from Wikipedia: Psychological projection is a theory in psychology in which humans defend themselves against their own unpleasant impulses by denying their existence while attributing them to others. Or it could just be natural variation in chronotype. I had the same kind of sleep cycle when I was a teenager / young adult. I didn't have hypothyrodism or Grave's disease. It gradually got a bit better as I aged and I'm down to needing a more normal 7.5 hrs of sleep. Its still 9:20am in the morning, though, and I still feel like I got kicked in the face getting out of bed, which is entirely normal for me. I'm over 40 and I'm aware of all of those issues. What you fail to understand is that at 9:20am in the morning, like it is now, that my brain is swimming in serotonin and it feels like I got kicked in the face. I DO NOT have the same neurochemistry that you do. So while all of that helps, it doesn't magically turn me in someone that gets up at the asscrack of dawn all bright and cheerful. There are strong parallels between people who give this kind of advice to delayed sleep sufferers and people who think they can cure homosexuality. Fuck off. I didn't ask for your help. And i'm over 40 now and not an idiot, someone else has 'helpfully' explained that to me in the past. About 100 times. If it had worked, I wouldn't be posting here. Yes, sunlight controls circadian rhythms. I'm over 40 now so I can say what I think. Same problem occurs with introverts and all the extroverts that want to cure us. What is odd is that while at the office we're worrying about health insurance for trans individuals there's about zero awareness of discrimination over sleep issues and introversion. What I would love to see is some company based in the west coast with UK/EU remote employees who started mandating 8am (PST/PDT) standup meetings every day to get sued by DSPD suffering employees and lose. HR departments might start taking notice if they started being vulnerable to lawsuits. Oh yeah, so either you're aspy or you're trolling me. By saying 'its 9:20am' i'm not saying that the clock controls me. I'm saying that at a time when a 'normal' person would have woken up, having had enough time to get up, have a shower, etc that I'm still feeling 'kicked in the head'. The 'normal' melatonin/serotonin cycle looks like a pretty sharp square wave and as people wake up those chemicals get rapidly flushed out of their CSF and they 'wake up' and feel alert. People with DSPD have a measurable blunted rise and fall time in their sleep chemicals. So the point is that "at 9:20" for me I'm still swimming in sleep chemicals, while another person will be fully awake. Yeah, 3mg of melatonin before bed helps. Any more and the nightmares get crazy. Benzos are bad. All the life adaptations make DSPD manageable. Any 'helpful ideas' I've probably thought of. I've spent time completely off of caffeine for months. I've lost 40# and exercise -- that's good for other reasons but it doesn't fix my sleep. Exercise at night is generally counter-productive and wires me awake. Weightlifting is completely counterproductive since the 'burn' from torn muscle fibers will give me insomnia. Nothing really works to deal with flushing out the sleep chemicals in the AM (I used to ride my bike to work in the morning and I'd hit the coffee machine when I got there just as hard -- even having cars nearly kill me on the road didn't wake me up). ```I don’t really understand how this is an example of circumventing the dev/ops split. I can see how it’s true in one sense, but the example of stopping all releases because an error budget got hit doesn’t seem fundamentally different from the “sysadmin” example where teams push back against launches. It seems that SREs have more political capital to spend and that, in the specific examples given, the SREs might be more reasonable, but there’s no reason to think that sysadmins can’t be reasonable.``` Seems we don't understand the point of SREs at all. In a world where "ops" and "dev" are split and sysadmins occupy "ops" it is customary that system admins are not programmers, may not know how to program, do not venture into the VCS for the codebase and may not even have rights to check-in code to the software. It would certainly be unusual to see check-ins to the codebase from the ops/sysadmin team. This leads to the situation where you have 10 year old codebases running on 10 year old frameworks on 10 year old operating systems. The system admins are naturally tearing their f---ing hair out over this situation. The devs, however, have the platform on life support and are off writing new code for shiny systems because that's a lot more interesting and useful than keeping the old garbage on life support. No progress is made and the problem typically doesn't resolve itself until the old systems become sufficiently problematic that the devs rewrite the entire system. If you have an SRE model it should never get quite this bad. The Devs will support the code in production until they're ready to hand it over for maintenance. When it is handed over the SREs get all the keys to the kingdom and have the rights, responsibility and ability to fix bugs in the software they're running. If you have legacy codebases run entirely by ops people who don't have any ability to maintain the codebases then you aren't doing SRE. This is one of the manifestations of the "chinese wall" between ops and dev (which is what "DevOps" and "SREs" are entirely antithetical to--it may be hard to define what those terms /are/ but it is pretty easy to define some patterns that they definitely /are not/). If "Ops" has to come begging to "Dev" to fix their software then you're not doing it right. Even if you solve all these problems, if your RAID array completely loses its mind, then you can still lose/corrupt data. The best solution here it to replicate data across multiple machines, and take good backups that you can restore from, and plan on corruption to happen. You also need to assess exactly how much you really need those transactions. If they're financial transactions where each one could be millions of dollars of stock, then you probably need to care about this a bit. For most web transactions I think the risk/cost analysis here is that you don't need to worry about being perfect. You might lose the last one or two transactions in the case of a hard crash, but your customer service team should be able to handle that and fix it for the customer out of band. You really should consider if you have a business justifcation for worrying about perfection. On the other hand, I did live through the ext2 era before ext3 was production ready, and fully async super-duper fast filesystems really are bad. They would regularly corrupt the disk and require rebuilds. That wasn't a data availability problem, but one or two of those a week was problematic when it came to the operational load (out of 400-800 servers that we managed at the time). We later scaled out ext3 to 30,000 servers with some sets of servers having 2,500 hosts of basically the same type of webserver, and while kernel crashes were a daily issue, corruption and rebuilding was relatively low. If you're not at Google/Amazon/etc and dealing with servers counts an order of magnitude higher than this, you don't really need to worry about it. ext3 or ext4 and fdatasync should be fine, and then apply proper levels of engineering principles to ensure that you don't stay offline for too long or lose too much data. You are dealing with free commodity hardware and software that isn't ever going to be perfect. If you really needed to never lose a transaction you'd probably be buying some kind of awfully expensive mainframe system. Oh and I do recall one case of filesystem corruption leading to a service being down for over a week and probably the loss of a multi-million dollar business deal. But in that case the software ran on a single box. The dev team that was responsible for it never saw that as a problem even though the ops/sysadmin teams kinda yelled at them about it. Then one day the RAID array lost its mind and the server was unrecoverable. When we attempted to rebuild it, it was discovered that over the years the software devs had tweaked the versions of libraries that their software linked against and by crashing all that information had been lost, so it took ages to debug and find the right incantations to get it all back up again. Huge business risk there, but nothing that could be mitigated by naval gazing analysis of filesystems and fdatasync -- backups, documentation, replication, proper config management practices, etc were what was needed. Doesn't scale, its very chatty as a protocol and its not actually very reliable. I've seen software deployments over ssh scaled out to 1,000s of target servers and its just not pretty. Also used sitescope for alerting and the whole 'agentless' model (where 'ssh' is the real agent) is bad -- again poor scalability in both the CPU and reliability domains... Milner is a billionaire. He could easily pay for a full-size satellite lofted up by one of Musk's $5M reusable Falcon 9 boosters in a couple of years... Double that number to build the satellite if you have to and he could still find the change in his pockets... EDIT: and once I convince Milner to finance this boondoggle can I sign you up to be my lead satellite engineer? I'm kinda surprised that https://xkcd.com/1172/ didn't make the list.. The more mundane case of reliance on GPSes is to not know the route you're taking and blindly following the GPS. Then if (for example) there's two exits close together it leads to distracted drivers, focused mostly on reading the GPS device trying to figure out which exit the GPS is telling them to exit to -- which can lead to rapid, panicked lane changes. Source: was hit a few weeks ago by a car that did a sudden lane change with no signal right before an exit by a guy who was trying to follow his GPS... There's an awful lot of stupid behavior death in cave diving as well. A lot of the risks are mitigated by proper gear and training, just like driving. Don't dive too deep on air to avoid nitrogen narcosis (similar to don't drink and drive). Dive with a buddy. Dive with team and individual redundancy. Do not silt out the cave (the way you kick and your proficiency in the water has a lot to do with this). Always have a continuous guideline to the surface. Reserve at least 1/3 of your gas for emergencies. And in practice there's other rules -- like you should always sight-see or use cameras/videos on the way into the cave. On the exit you should be more efficient (effectively this usually means you use 1/3rd of your gas to enter, and only 1/4 of your gas to exit, which means you have a higher buffer should anything go wrong). The redundancy figures quoted are also low. I've done around 200 cave dives. I've had one hose blow on me in a cave and therefore lost a regulator. I can't think of any other local divers who have had a similar situation where they've actually needed to exit a cave with a failed regulator. I would say the failure rate is most likely closer to 1 in 1000. But even taking 1 in 200 as the failure rate, the chances of three failures are 1 in 8,000,000 and even then you can buddy breathe off of a single remaining regulator and you should still have gas supply to exit (the remaining third is there for that kind of situation). And now I'm more careful to not only get my regulator serviced but to be more aware of changing out hoses and to do so before cave trips if there's signs of wear. Generally with cave fatalities there are blatant issues, such as failure to maintain a continuous guideline leading to navigation errors leading to simply running out of gas because nobody was paying any attention. There's only one known cave diving fatality where all the rules were followed and diver still died, which was the cave diving fatality that killed Parker Turner. With 2 dives and 4 regulators on the team, it takes 3 failures to reduce the whole team down to 1 regulator -- and even then there's ways to survive and get out of the cave. So more like 100^3 to start with, and then the failure rate in practice is lower than that (I've done 200 cave dives and I've had 1 failure -- and I know many other cave divers with similar levels of experience that have had none). You might be correct, depending on your definition of "shadow groups". For example, George W. Bush initially got elected on a platform of non-intervention. There was, however, a strong core of Neocons in his administration, like Paul Wolfowitz. After 2001 the President switched directions completely and they became considerably more powerful and their lobbying probably directly led to the Iraq war. But none of this is really hidden secrets. Last I checked the nmap autoconf script still had code that I wrote back in 1996 when I ported what Fyodor wrote up in Phrack to Solaris, NetBSD, Digital Unix, SunOS and possibly HP-UX and/or IRIX. It probably still has support for doing "RST" scanning (and i think determining if the port is open backed on the windows size in the packet that comes back, which worked on several TCP stacks back then...). on rereading this today, i remembered it was the ACK/th_win portscanning method that I added to nmap (after independently re-discovering it), not the RST scanning method which I think was already in the Phrack article... lotta brain cells got a little foggy in the past 20 years... even reasonably large open source projects don't need anything beyond feature branches and one long-lived master branch. and if you're going to back port to historical releases and hotfix and or patch them, its better to fork off master and then cherry-pick back, and then eventually end those branches. Agreed. And if the caller can't be bothered to leave a voicemail, I can't be bothered to care about why they called me. Someone arguing that men shouldn't talk about feminism or whites talk about slavery is also protected speech. If lots of people shout about that really loudly and make you feel bad about your own views, that isn't the result of censorship, that's the result of free speech. If the government actually bans men from talking about feminism, that would be censorship. Until they cross the line of advocating for laws banning males from speaking about feminism, they are fundamentally not advocating censorship. An individual yelling at you to shut up because they think you are an idiot is not censoring you. They're exercising their own right to free speech. You have the freedom to react however you want in response to them -- yell louder yourself if you want to. Yelling at them that they're censoring you, however, is factually incorrect. And if you equate their actions to censorship and the assassination of journalists, then be prepared to have other people point out that you don't know what you're talking about. And feel free to downvote me as much as you like... Closed issues don't go away. Lots of bugs are edge conditions that not enough people care about for the developers to ever pay any attention to fixing. They fall under the category of "sure, and if you submit a PR, we'll merge it". I imagine there's also issues for architectural problems with 1.x which will never, ever get fixed because nobody will be willing to spent the time massively refactoring the codebase. From a developer perspective its pointless to keep those open. How you feel about this probably depends on if you're a user or developer. If you're a developer you view the issue tracker as a TODO list. If you're literally never going to bother fixing an issue, its best to just close it and move on. Users seem to view issue trackers as defect trackers and believe that bugs should stay open until they're fixed. Relevant link that just popped up on HN 24 hours later: https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/the-art-of-closing/ If active project are always supposed to be closing, then deprecated 1.x branches of projects should have an even higher bar for anything they keep around open. When I've needed to dump a stack trace, I've just included an interrupt handler which prints the call stack to a debug log. That has been good enough for the problem of "wtf is this ruby process doing for _minutes_ at a time?" That doesn't get you flame graphs, but you can take a few snapshots and get an idea of what is happening. For more involved perf debugging I've used ruby-prof. Could OSX just have a way to disable negative caching completely? All it does is troll me when I'm on bad wifi and the DNS lookup for www.google.com gets dropped and that negative response is cached. Can we just stop doing that? I can't recall the last time I had a positive cache entry issue, but the last time the dropped DNS lookup for www.google.com happened to me was like 2 days ago... the flip side is that bull markets always "climb a wall of worry". and in the larger market this has been a fairly anemic bull market, there still isn't a whole lot of froth outside of silicon valley. Unless I'm misunderstanding, I think Chef has been doing this for years with omnibus packages. The reason we did this is that we had to support RHEL5/6 and old Solaris and AIX distros. We struggled for several years (and I personally struggled for at least a year) with supporting RHEL5 and it simply failed. That distro came with ruby-1.8.5 and upgrading it to even 1.8.7 was a major PITA. The ruby-1.9.2 in RHEL6 was also buggy and crashy and segfaulty and we didn't remotely have the resources to attempt to debug it and patch it for RedHat. The reality is that we just wouldn't have been able to support those old distros at all. I think there's a myth here that the human resources to support packaging and debugging apps against distro-supplied libraries and supporting packages magically appears out of thin air. It does not. As those supporting libraries age it consumes more and more time to support "back porting" onto aging versions of frameworks, which cannot be upgraded in the distro because of compatibility with other apps. That creates a large amount of serious shit work (seriously, nobody enjoys doing that) and open source doesn't make it magically appear. I also think there's a misconception that user's have chosen to use those versions of software. Largely they've chosen that because they need the compatibility with a large body of their own custom in-house software and their internal porting effort is costly in time and labor. Largely they don't care if you install an upgraded version of supporting libraries so long as it doesn't impact any other running software and its contained. For another example of software that has been doing this for years, check out vagrant. Admittedly, there's issues with this since openssl vulnerabilities require the release of new software versions to upgrade the embedded version. I should probably be horrified by the privacy implications, but I'm really not. I'm already trying to tone down some of the headgames that I've learned to play while driving. This would help by allowing me to just let everything slide and upload the video tagging data later. Yeah, but this bikeshed got decided hundreds of years ago. Its only appealing to internet hipsters who want to brag about their organically grown free range tau. Making the next generation of math students use "2 pi" in their formulas is going to be vastly easier than literally rewriting all the books. I worked as a system engineer there from 2001-2006. That all sounds a wee bit apocryphal. At the time S3 came into being Amazon was rather insanely jealous of Google and Google Mail's storage capacity and the Google File System whitepaper published in 2003. I can certainly believe that aggravation over not being able to provision storage may have been used to 'sell' that to the S-team and/or might have been the proverbial last straw, but those ideas were all in the air -- "we should build our own GoogleFS" was very common talk. The number of home-grown, shitty distributed filesystems that had no replication and N single points of failure caused all the SEs to pull their hair out -- "oh another royal clusterf *, hand built by yet another software dev team, and tossed over the proverbial chinese wall for us to maintain, when we had no input into the design, awesome..." I also don't think that EC2 was borrowed from Alexa at all. There were political reasons why that development happened in Cape Town (it insulated them from Seattle politics and in particular from the VP who was over my head who hated the whole idea). I think Alexa led to the Amazon search engine -- which i thought was called something like a6 (kind of like i18n is short for "internationalization" but with a6 being short for "amazon" -- but that doesn't quite sound right and I think I'm thinking of an Audi -- it was something like that though). They were in SF and setting up a satellite there to hire engineers away from Apple and Google. I also recall them doing some good work on SEO and fixing our URLs and such to get better search placement on Google which drove significant revenue. I don't think they had anything to do with EC2, but there could be some kernel behind the scenes that I wasn't aware of -- however it all smells wrong to me. ah right it was (or 'is' i guess) short for "amazon.com" but with the last 9 characters deleted, including the period... The Reagan Administration sold arms to Iran and used it to fund the Nicaraguan Contras. Bill Clinton got a blowjob and lied about it. George W. Bush invaded a country that had nothing to do with 9/11 and created a 13 year mess that has culminated with the creation of ISIS. Hillary Clinton mishandled some classified e-mails. That'd be a8 Yeah, and I sometimes have to close slack because there's too many people ping'ing me on it and asking my opinions of things which is precisely like having people doing fly bys on your desk all day long... Uhm, some people are really doing tasks that require more computing horsepower. 4k video editing and rendering, 360 video, etc. Even more mundanely the 8k textures for Real Solar System on Kerbal Space Program don't even load on my MBP because the GPU RAM is too low for them. My Hackintosh has a Geforce 980 in it which is leaps and bounds above what I can buy directly from Mac and solves a lot of these problems for me, but it is occasionally finicky and doesn't like to boot up and I wouldn't recommend it to a friend of mine who has an actual dayjob that involves a lot of video editing. If you're going to combine all the CPU caches into L1 why not also put the RAM and the SSD into the CPU L1 cache as well and just have 1TB of L1 CPU cache? Working out the cost and power consumption and die size of that might be instructive -- as a kind of reductio ad absurdum... Using just one rating is a bit flawed. You'll probably find a lot of people who would give the corporate culture one star but would give it 5 stars for the fact that they got to work with emerging technology -- which is the legitimate draw of working for Amazon. But that inflates the single rating that you give the company to a 3 where otherwise you might have given it a 1 for the culture being shitty. And the fact that Amazon is as big and healthy of a company as it is and the fact that it loses an entire point compared to Google and Facebook in ratings means that the culture must be really bad. And when you consider that the lowest of the companies in Glassdoor are not only shitty culture but businesses that are fundamentally swirling down the toilet bowl as well -- and Amazon for all its success can only eek out an 'Average' rating? That means the culture must be pretty bad. (And based on my working there for 5 years, I know the culture is pretty bad -- but if you asked me to rate it, I'd probably rate it a 3 overall -- good place to spend a year or two to learn some cutting edge technology to get on your resume, but then you should escape before you stay there too long...) Its a bit of a PITA, it kind of depends on the cost/benefit analysis as to if its worth it to you or not. You should definitely look at if an upgraded MacPro with bumped up RAM and CPU would cut it for you. If you need an upgraded GPU or you want the latest CPU (i.e. you have workloads that you know are single-threaded on the CPU and just need the fastest single core possible and 3 year old cores won't cut it for you) then a hackintosh may make sense. My experience is that roughly every three months you can expect to burn most of a day (call it 4 solid hours) yak shaving on something. This happened to me this week where my machine wouldn't boot and just black screened. I had to boot into safe mode with the graphics card disabled + yanked and apply the O/S upgrade. That got me far enough that after a very slow boot up I could start without safe mode, which let me reinstall the bootloader. I also upgraded the graphics driver and did a few other settings tweaks and now its back and happy again and the graphics card is back in it. But there was a lot of rebooting and using my laptop to surf the web to figure out possible solutions and trying multiple different dead ends before I started to make progress in making it more bootable. I'm pretty comfortable messing around with this stuff having started my career as a PC tech 25 years ago, and first started building my own patched linux kernels sometime in the late 90s. I've got a friend of mine that uses macs professionally to do video editing and if she had to go through this she'd be even more dead in the water than me and would probably take her longer to recover and my advice to her has been that I don't know how to build a hackintosh that she could rely on day-to-day without suffering interruptions like this. I'm actually happy enough with it that I'm not going back to windows and not interested in buying a MacPro, but its not for everyone. One thing that was a showstopper for me with my Linux desktop (and I do miss my il3 tiling window manager) is that when I bought a 4k display so that I had mixed 4k + 2x 2.7k displays xorg just became a total clusterfuck. They pin all the displays to 96dpi and you can't change it and have to set font-sizes per-application -- and then AFAIK nobody has any solution to having different resolution displays that you drag windows between. I found an open issue which just had some xorg dev explaining down to everyone how they didn't really need resolutions that small other than on phone screens. On the other hand Mac + Windows Just Works(tm) and I can setup the scaling and drag windows between monitors and they don't change size. Way easier to deal with Hackintosh occasionally acting up than wading into that nightmare... Possibly had more to do with blocking GPS cheaters? ^ yeah this comment is what i was looking for in this thread. the same argument about vehicles on a collision course with you being fixed on the windscreen applies equally to being fixed behind your pillar. particularly pedestrians crossing in a crosswalk. it makes sense to always look 'around' your pillar when you go past a crosswalk or when your pillar is lined up with the corner of an intersection. Its likely this isn't a troll post. The security community has a whole lot of idiots in it who figured out that they can get a CISSP and turn themselves into a security auditor and get paid extremely well while getting to enjoy acting like tyrants. In reality they're not fit to manage a McDonalds. > STOP VISITING FORBES. that was my solution. i've never found an article on forbes that was really critical to my life that i couldn't live without. generally its some clickbaity headline that i'm only very mildly interested in knowing what they have to say, and i'm happy to find some other source of basically the same information if i actually care. the only thing that forbes offers over their competition is that they wind up at the top of google results because all that ad revenue must get poured into hiring SEO optimization experts... You're going to have to answer to the Coca-Cola company. Lately I've been ripping out crappy abstractions that were all about creating DRY code but instead made the code incredibly hard to follow. Even though the resultant code has a bit of duplication, its much easier to read, reason about, test and maintain. The redundant parts are typically in areas that are unlikely to change. I might try to come up with a really clean abstraction later in order to re-DRY the code, but lately my experience is that a shitty abstraction created entirely for the purpose of DRY'ing code is vastly worse than just allowing a bit of code duplication. DRY only for the sake of DRY is terrible. Tech support is also uniformly awful, and someone always winds up getting shipped a lemon and complains about bad tech support. Unless there's some kind of fundamental design flaw that led to the product failing, or truly common issue that is likely to affect me, I don't actually care. Someone always tries to install a brand new router and finds it won't even power on, then they call tech support and have a horrible time talking to someone in India who can't go off-script. It also would be a good idea if you're doing this to solicit opinions about it in order to prove to a judge or grand jury that you're following some form of best practices to do this rather than just making up shit on your own. Of course it should have really been done from a throw-away to avoid precisely this kind of spectacle from the general public. The one thing I'll say is that clearly this IT guy really is an IT guy and is completely clueless about optics. Why not just use DNS load balancing over VIPs served by HA pairs of load balancers? Back in the day we did this with Netscalers doing L7 load balancing in clusters, and then Cisco Distributed Directors doing DNS load balancing across those clusters. It can take days/weeks to bleed off connections from a VIP that is in the DNS load balancing, but since you've got an H/A pair of load balancers on every VIP you can fail over and fail back across each pair to do routine maintenance. That worked acceptably for a company with a $10B stock valuation at the time. You could pop an aneurysm alone in your home, and if the kids are too young they wouldn't know what to do until someone found your body. Also, it means that one machine is going to have to be ssh'ing into every server that you have on a constant basis, which creates load on that centralized server doing computational part of the ssh connection setup and tear down and all the encryption and hmac'ing. And ssh is not designed to be a lightweight protocol, and it would be simply awful to try to maintain persistent authenticated ssh connections from the management host to every server being monitored. Really "agentless" is all a lie. The "agent" in most cases is usually sshd and you can really do better. Also for this kind of software it makes sense to simply leverage the underlying configuration management system the admin is using. If they're using chef/puppet/cfengine they push out the client over the top of an agent-based protocol. If they're using ansible or salt they'll deploy it "agentless"-ly. They've actually done more work to support this root-trust remote management model when they could have simplified the problem domain to just running their code (as an agent) and reporting on the one host its running on. It seems to have been developed to tick off a buzzword ("agentless") which could have been avoided altogether. no you don't. i p2p my files and don't list trackers in their public database so don't need a login. offhand i'm not sure what you need to pay for, but i haven't needed those features -- i think they're targeted more around permissions and acls that individual use doesn't really require. Yeah, this isn't just a thing to protect bicyclists, this is also about how to safely exit your vehicle with a lane of traffic next to you. Can't count the number of people over here (USA) that just blindly throw open their door and hope for the best. I always check, and if I have to open my door with a line of traffic going by (there's some streets around here where traffic going by is literally endless) I open it a crack first, then open it only as much as I need to exit, and do the whole process slowly, and watch the approaching cars the whole time. I can't remember the last time I've ever seen someone else do that though. Apple and Google and the Walled Gardens they've constructed seriously need some regulation and need to be considered "common carriers" which provide a service to the general public without discrimination. Telephone companies are one such an example. If you paid the bill of your friends phone one month, and later the phone company got into a dispute with them and cut off the phone that you do business on out of your home office -- and then refused to reinstate your phone line unless you publicly apologized to them, I suspect the FCC would not approve of their actions. Apple has way more power in this situation and is much more of a monopoly over many software developers lives, but is operating by rules that it makes up itself. The biggest obstacle is going to be keeping yourself lean in the face of employees that want to build their own empires internally. Since I worked at Amazon for 5 years I saw how to cut costs on networking and hardware and to build only as much as you actually need. My experience after working at Amazon is that most Enterprise IT is full of people who hide behind Best Practices in order to expand their budget. You can very easily wind up with massive amounts of spending to VMWare, EMC and Cisco. Unless you have an executive with a vision on how to contain costs with networking, storage and servers, I wouldn't recommend on prem, you can easily wind up spending an order of magnitude more than you should be. The problem here is the Restaurant industry. Overall, its not growing like high tech is growing. While even the article notes: “Restaurants are being built much faster than I can produce professionals.” That sounds like it'd be good for "professionals", but when you think about the industry that sounds bad for "restaurants". That means higher competition between restaurants for the consumer's food dollar. The wages to pay the professionals come from those food dollars. Without people willing to pay substantially more for food there isn't the cash going into the industry to be able to give raises to the professionals (anyone here willing to shell out $25 every day for the best latte in the world, or will you stick with $4 starbucks or brew your own?). After George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush, I don't understand how the Republican Party is the one to vote for if you're concerned with "excessive foreign intervention". > I personally see limited innovation potential here Yep, there's really no "iPhone" of food coming out anytime soon. Fast food already happened, which was the commoditization of eating out. Starbucks may have been the closest thing to that, but that is a $4 drink, not a $400 phone. > you make it sound as if a daily $4 latte is that normal. It isn't, is it? That is about what a double-tall latte costs these days. Usually around US $3.50-3.75, but with tip its $4 or $5 if its your regular place and you find the barista attractive... And yeah, there's been times when 1 or 2 a day was typical for me (sometimes 3 when work was particularly bad), but I mostly work from home these days, so have a machine. > > Costs > Mainly due to politicians drafting rules to require more safety out of nuclear than any form of other energy solution. Of course it's more expensive if it's 100x more regulated. I've read this online in one form or another for the better part of 10 years. I've never seen a single actual study to back it up. That regulation is the cause of the bulk of the costs and/or that regulation is the cause of nuclear's negative learning curve. There's an assertion here that nuclear would be cheap if only it wasn't regulated so tightly, and I've never seen an actual cost-breakdown to support that. We haven't invaded any and we've drawn out troops down in Iraq and Afghanistan. Intel can certainly deliver chips to Apple to make better MacPros. I've got a hackintosh that I built last year which will easily outdo an Apple MacPro. Apple could decide to not be clever and just ship a pretty standard looking desktop computer with the latest chipsets and CPUs, spacious memory expansion and a couple expansion slots for GPUs and crank out a new rev every year and it would keep the people buying the MacPros happy and Apple wouldn't have to invest a ton of money overdesigning the thing -- and Intel would certainly be able to keep up with the demand easily. The territory that they'd concede though is that expandability and people buying CPUs, RAM, drives and GPUs from non-Apple vendors. But that would buy them continuing to tie professionals down to macOS and then selling them laptops and building hype. Instead I think they're going to ditch macOS and switch to iOS on desktops and laptops and you'll see their laptop and desktop sales shrink and they'll be become entirely an iphone/ipad company. I don't think this has anything to do with supply chain and this is entirely self-inflicted damage because they're prioritizing their walled garden strategy above all else. > Coming on the heels of BREXIT this is a trend. This is also on the heels of Al Gore and John Kerry. The track record of the Clinton-Blair center-right elite "neoliberal" machinery has pretty much been a failure now for 20+ years. Obama wasn't part of that machinery (even though he immediately tacked center-right after getting elected). Yeah, I was voting age through the Clinton and Bush Presidencies. I view the Bush Presidency as a complete disaster. What we have here, however, is setup to be worse, because the Republican Party has shifted even more to the right with the rise of the Tea Party. They can most immediately do massive damage through appointment of Supreme Court justices. While its true that the open seat was an arch conservative and having a Republican appointment to that seat will not change the balance of power in the court much, Kennedy, Ginsburg and Breyer are all 78-83 and mortality will be catching up with them soon. That puts Roe v. Wade legitimately in jeopardy like never before. When it comes to one of the biggest issues of our time -- climate change -- we just elected the candidate who claimed that it was a chinese hoax. The House is full of candidates who believe similarly. The most moderate of Republicans are likely to dismiss the magnitude of the concerns over the climate and vote in favor of protecting carbon based industries. It really is fairly black and white on this issue and the fact that there's a few moderates who won't straight up deny the science doesn't help when they form a coalition with the anti-science tea partiers, the effect is going to be the same. Its also likely that the ACA gets repealed now. It might take triggering the "nuclear option" in the senate to override a fillibuster, but I can see that happening now. About the only upside to this is that when 10 million or so Americans wake up the next day and find they've lost their healthcare they might think twice about voting Republican. Conceivably the possibility of that backlash might cause some Republicans to defect and not consider the nuclear option and this may not happen, but that is teetering on a hugely sharp knife edge. Then there's just rolling back all the progress over the past 8 years in civil rights. At the very least it will solidly block progress for the next 4-8 years. It won't be getting any better. I can't imagine that the issues with police shootings of black males will improve and that BLM will be going away. If anything, I could see even more incidents like the Dallas shootings and movements springing up that really were more like the Blank Panthers. Riots in major cities, etc. And then there's foreign involvement. I suspect that everyone who voted for Trump thinking that was the anti-war vote is going to be shocked pretty soon at how many boots we wind up with on the ground in Iraq, Afghanistan and Syria. I would never defend Obama's drone strikes or Hillary's penchant for bombing, but the Republican party is the one that likes to see Abrams battle tanks rolling across sand dunes in the Middle East, which is orders of magnitude worse. There was one anti-war candidate in this election and it was Bernie Sanders. What we got was the Hawk in Dove's clothing. And when it comes to financial crisis we're going to see the repeal of Dodd-Frank almost certainly. The problem here is that while during the 2008 crisis you saw George Bush's administration rescue the financial industry (and the entire country) there's no assurances that we won't see the Trump administration and the Republican congress blow up the US financial industry. Last time there was that awkward picture of Treasury Secretary Paulson getting down on one knee and begging Nancy Pelosi to stop the financial crisis. What we've elected since then is the whole Tea Party wing who think the solution to financial crisis is not regulation before it happens and instead is just letting a financial crisis unwind with maximum possible destruction. Next time we might see money market accounts lock up, short term credit evaporate and literally ATMs and monthly paychecks from otherwise solvent industries stop. We peered over that abyss in 2008 and now we've put all the people who thought going over that cliff sounded like a great idea into power. And even if you discount those last two arguments I made as being unlikely, its still not remotely going to be okay. This was a bit TL;DR. I think a better summary is that "liberal elites" (although really moderate republicans) has conclusively failed. And it lost in 2000 and 2004 and this is a pattern of it failing. And the problems are that they've completely lost the blue collar male vote. There's no labor party here in the US at all. And the problem goes all the way back to Bill's vote for NAFTA and his center-right policies. The Democratic party has been losing the actual working class ever since then. The Democratic Party should really stop lecturing the working class, and start promising the working class that they'll have jobs and won't see their kids sent off to die in foreign wars. Coming as someone who lived through Reagan and both Bushes, I can state with a reasonable degree of certainty that you don't know how the world works, and you're about to get a lesson. I'm not even certain you understand how the government works, since it is going to be the Republican House and Senate who are going to be drafting and sending bills for him to sign. I tend to doubt that truckers will turn into programmers. If anything programming is going to continue to be more about burning out college grads, and it'll be difficult for 40 year old established programmers to find work, much less 40 year old retrained truckers--even at half the cost. At any rate, that would be the optimistic viewpoint, that they could actually get retrained and get jobs and compete for wages. What is likely to happen is that they'll have extreme difficulty finding any work, the income gaps will widen and there'll be even more disaffected workers. +1 on only having master as a long-lived branch. where we started 5 years ago at work we had various different kinds of 'develop' branches and process around merging between two different eternal branches. as we've scaled from a startup to a 200+ person company we've mostly simplified our github workflow and gone to single-eternal-master. Also jets leaving an airport aren't invisible and anyone living near there could have noticed a plane leaving an airport that was supposed to be closed due to a chemical attack. It would actually be pretty counterproductive to draw so much attention to the airport and then send a supposedly secret flight out of it. > This is no different from "yelling 'FIRE!' in a crowded theatre." Eventually there's going to be either social or legal precedents which get set over this kind of thing. Someone is probably going to have to get killed over this kind of thing. One of the True Believer nutjobs is going to do more than just phone up a death threat and will actually kill someone, or commit a mass-shooting over one of these. I'd like to think that this will eventually become self-regulating and the issue is simply that the Internet hasn't been around long enough for society to learn to deal with it. However, I fear I'm being too naive and that the fundamental problem is that humans on-average have pretty crappy bullshit filters. Since charming sociopaths have been able to take advantage of those flaws for thousands of years, I don't see that changing suddenly because the Internet appeared. The result is likely to be that we're going to get laws that restrict free speech and attempt to regulate the damage that internet trolls can do. Yep, good luck with that for the next 4 years. I'd wager a guess Trump snorted his share of blow in the 1980s, but congressional republicans and the private prison industry are going to be calling the shots on the drug war for the next 4 years. I'd be interested to know what you think after 5 years there and a few more reorgs. You may find that you got extremely lucky in where you first landed. This company so isn't worth destroying your life over. If you start feeling this way, you really need to stop caring about it. Just show up, do your work. Nod politely when they put you on a PIP and start focusing your effort on finding a new job. Literally allow yourself to start doing a bad job so that you can free up enough mental energy to go find a new one. Is there a family tree anywhere of OpenSolaris/Illumos derived distros and what their userspace utilities 'look' like? I'm mostly interested as a developer of config management tools where our support tends to look like " shrug , probably acts like solaris". I just want a rosetta stone for those distros, particularly when it comes to packaging and service management. I'd be nice to know which ones are dead and which ones aren't as well, we're still carrying around definitions for nexentacore that i'm not sure are useful to anyone any more. > while it ultimately worked, Curse That Thing In Particular "Things Only 90s SysAdmins Will Remember" Expect is mostly a tool of last resort when a utility has silly prompts that you can't bypass by hitting it with command line options like `-y` and stuff. > the 'year of the Linux desktop'. What was that 2001? I can probably dig up an old slashdot and find it... Thanks that's actually a better start than anything else I've seen. The breathlessness of this article is fairly annoying. LIGO wasn't really setup to confirm GR around black holes. It was designed to study highly energetic, high-curvature gravitational phenomena where it would be expected that there might be deviations from GR. Measuring deviations from GR predictions is exactly why you'd built the experiment and isn't "ironic" at all (and not even in the Alanis Morrissette sense since finding something new would be more like having a party on your wedding day rather than raining on it). GR is also fully expected to break down at the central singularity of a black hole. The curvature of space-time become infinite there with infinite force. At the very least its expected that quantum gravity would smear this out. The problem of black hole entropy at the event horizon of the black hole has also been known for decades and is one of the drivers behind doing research like LIGO. The "firewall" problem is recently all the rage in the west coast theoretical community, but its been known for some time that we can't make sense of black hole entropy entirely classically with GR, so that finding non-GR effects near the event horizon is at least hoped-for, if not expected, and LIGO is precisely the kind of experiment that could shed light on that. Its legitimately very exciting, but its the result of methodically grinding away at a very hard problem for decades. You also have to add in that once these experimental results were released that a hundred or so theoretical physicists immediately started working on massaging the data into supporting their pet theories. After every anomalous result there's immediately hundreds of published papers by someone trying to simply be the first to publish in case their idea happens to pan out. It is a kind of shotgun approach to winding up being the next Dirac discovering the positron from math or whatever. Since there's 99 other PhDs who probably looked at this data and found their pet theories didn't match the data and haven't been able to publish you have to account for that filtering effect that this was the 1-in-100 paper that managed to match the data. Adding that "Look Elsewhere Effect" to the 2.9 sigma would push the global significance (in the literal sense of global -- meaning all the research teams across the whole world) of this result down into meaninglessness. Of course its likely that any discovery would start out looking like something on the edge of significance exactly like this. The safe bet is that this disappears, but all we can do is wait for more data to come in and see if the significance improves or disappears. And I do really hope that someone finds something like this via the LIGO data. I'm convinced there's something very interesting out there to find, and sooner or later it should pop up experimentally and shake up our model of the universe. Uber seems to be company founded by sociopaths with a hiring process that stacks the company with sociopaths. I just got done staring at some code written by a prolific upper quadrant coder, that I'm going to have to noodle on and figure out how to disentangle some bad design decisions. I might be able to do a fairly short commit to refactor and extend, in which case my metrics will be crap. I might wind up looking at all the outstanding issues with this codebase and rewrite every class in this directory (in which case my LoC metrics will improve dramatically). Right now I'm probably one of those "stuck" coders that need "help". Kinda? But most software developers hit problems like this and run away in terror, and looking around me IDK who can really help me that much, I'll run my ideas by some colleagues, but the other ones who work on problems this gnarly are also neck deep in their own issues... You're framing this argument as one of the skeptics versus the media, and ignoring the science. The gold standard of climate science is probably the IPCC AR5 report and if anything it is underestimating climate impacts like the shrinking northern summertime polar ice cap. The data is also all out there, with all the uncertainties you like, but its not going to be "brought to you", you're going to have to do a bit of work to read the original sources. IPCC AR5 is out there for you to read any time you'd actually like to get educated. Up until the 1950s though it was thought that water vapor saturation of the IR absorption lines would nullify any effect of increasing CO2 concentrations. It wasn't until the USAF started doing careful analysis of the upper atmosphere that it was discovered that the upper atmosphere is dry enough that increasing concentrations of CO2 there will act like throwing a warm blanket around the planet and that the sea-level saturation of H2O wouldn't matter. There's a huge messaging problem here. We've baked in a considerable amount of future warming that we can't get out of, even with aggressive reduction of CO2. That means that we're going to have to accept some of the costs of warming. That doesn't mean that we should give up on reducing CO2. If we dig up all the carbon in the ground, burn all the gas, coal and oil then we wind up in a 4,000+ ppm CO2 world that the Earth hasn't seen since 40M years ago in the Eocene. In 200-300 years that would melt Antarctica. There were jungles in the Arctic back then. And it took on the order of 40M years to get here and we'll turn the clock back in a few hundred years. Presumably I won't be around to see it, but I still would prefer that not be my generations legacy. And we will be forced to deal with whatever the consequences no matter what so your question is a bit meaningless. The only choice we have is over how bad those consequences will ultimately be -- somewhat bad, really bad, or horrifically bad. To be fair, its likely that horrifically bad is not on the menu since Tesla is selling cars and batteries, people are buying them, and the US military is even on board solar power since they don't like IEDs blowing up their fuel convoys -- so some mitigation will be happening no matter what the government does. But "drill baby, drill" is going to optimize for having the most costs to offset in the future. The biggest problem with pilot wave theory is that extending it to field theory hasn't been done (or at least there's several published formalisms with no approach that everyone agrees upon). Right now its useless for practical physicists at the LHC to compute anything about collisions. Its mathematically equivalent to the other mathematical formulations of QM, but the only utility it offers so far is entirely philosophical. And at some point physicists don't spend their entire lives noodling on the underpinnings of QM and need to move on and really try to compute the g-factor of the electron, or analyze the collision data coming out of the LHC. There needs to be a Lorentz invariant field theory model of pilot waves that can answer some question easier than the other mathematical formalisms for it to catch on. Fukushima is up to $200bn and rising. > The article mentions that logical thinking, such as that used when voting for political candidates, is fully developed by 16. After arguing on reddit with, presumably, lots of 16 year olds, I'm certain that there's more that goes into making informed voting decisions. Yeah, and I still remember when Chernobyl happened in 1986 and they told us that it was all due to shitty Russian design and that it could never happen to a reactor like Fukushima. Those goal posts keep conveniently moving. Today's brand new reactors eventually become the 30 or 40 year old reactors that are allowed to have meltdowns that "could never happen with new reactor design". You're still kind of being a dick to anyone that really does want to cancel. The flip side to the "half" of the customers that you can retain with this policy is the other half of the customers that just want to end their subscription and would be better served by a webpage and not having to get past a customer support script to do it. Yeah, when you work in an open office you learn every tic that all your co-workers have. Leg jiggling alone can be super annoying. I also get annoyed by the floor bouncing around at work as people walk around (which might be related to open office plans since there's fewer internal walls so that the flooring acts like more of a drum? or it may just be old construction at the past 2 offices I've been in). > wealthy (probably better educated) drivers. You mean drivers like the ones behind the wheel of all the BMWs and Audis that cut me off with no turn signals, speed, make aggressive lane changes, tailgate, and generally act like giant douches because a simple traffic ticket is nothing to their pocketbook while their time == money? Those people are going to be a hell of a lot safer behind the wheel of an autonomous (level 4) vehicle where they can be on the phone and their laptop as the vehicle obeys the speed limits and safe following distance. Pretty certain he meant it the way I quoted it. I actually agree that douches drive any kind of car. I singled out BMWs and Audis because the prior post was claiming that highly educated/wealthy drivers would be 'better'. I've seen jalopies driven like someone has been up on speed for 4 days straight. Or the drivers in cheap sensible cars that are terrified of merging onto the freeway faster than 40 mph. And the distracted drivers who realize they're about to miss their exit so they hammer on the brakes and put on their turn signal and completely fail to match speeds. Ricers with after market exhaust are another kind of car that usually drives way too fast and aggressive compared to how their lowered suspension actually performs. The people in road tanks who seem to split the difference between terrified and aggressive and expect you to just get out of their way because they're bigger. I'm probably missing entire swaths of shitty drivers that I can't think of right now because my blood sugar is a bit low. Because the aggressive drivers behind them aren't responsible for their own actions in rage passing left lane hogs? Somehow I manage to consistently undertake people who are going slow in the left lane safely. Its not that hard. > when you have a car that handles and responds better you tend to drive it harder and you forget that everyone else is in some inferior product. You can buy traction control, ABS, better suspension, steering, better tires, etc. None of that will make the idiot behind the wheel any better, although it may lead to overconfidence. Thanks for making my point for me though. - The detection of gravitational waves has been expected for decades based on the orbital decay of binary neutron star systems - There have been dozens of 'bumps' in the data that went away over the past several years. The Standard Model still stands and there's no BSM physics that we've found. I'd bet the bump goes away just like the recent 750 GeV bump. - The magnetic moment of the proton and antiproton being the same is also not BSM physics at all. The problem is that fundamental elementary physics continues to boringly grind along and validate the standard model and things that we already knew had to be found (Higgs, LIGO). The result in the popular press, though, is that multiverse mania has taken over, which is a non-solution to the problem. You'll actually find arguments that we stop thinking about alternatives to string theory and just assume it works because its beautiful, but it can never be measured--which is not a scientific argument. 500 years from now if we haven't made any progress we might wind up going "meh, probably string theory, but we'll never know", but its too soon to throw in the towel yet. Yeah, if I downloaded an article from sci-hub all it does is free up my time that I otherwise would have spent driving across town to the University library and the university is out a few bucks for using the copying machine. And I doubt the copying machine at the University is doing more than paying for its maintenance. I wouldn't have spent hundreds of dollars to get the article anyway. This is also fairly common in user issues as well: Broke my shit. Does not work. Sad! Fake Code! (no example of how to reproduce it, no debug logs, nothing actionable that can be done about it, just unproductive frustrated yelling into a bugtracker, user disappears and doesn't respond to requests for any of the above) That is what leapt to my mind as well. Its entirely possible that there were other self-replicating molecules on Earth that evolved first, but DNA simply out-competed them to extinction. If we ever produce a competitor to DNA that was more 'virulent' than DNA, it would similarly out-compete DNA. It would be the most pandemic of plagues that would affect every form of life. Even if we could protect our own DNA against attack somehow, it would attack all the bacteria that is symbiotic with us and which we need to survive. > it's mostly due to the rivers of high-speed traffic that cut up the city and that is the priority. you have to be able to drive as fast as the roadway allows to get where you're going without needing to think about the safety of others. if some kid runs out in front of your car, its not going to be a question of if you were driving to fast but one of "where the hell were the parents?" the assumption being that the vehicle occupant has the right to get where they're going absolutely as goddamn fast as is humanly possible and nothing had better get in their way. driverless cars can't get here soon enough. > They were always in the early birds for taking decision about the future RHEL7 already dropped support for 32-bit hardware (although it still maintains the compat toolchain+libs for 32-bit binaries on 64-bit O/S). I believe Windows Server 2012 similarly only runs on 64-bit hardware. But does this also mean that there won't be any new open data shared by the new administration? If a revamped open data site doesn't ever land then this is still pretty disturbing. In your FAQ page you appear to be more "opinionated" that Gravator should also be considered harmful and does tracking, which cuts entirely against what you see as the point of Isso. So you tell them to go use Disqus if they need Gravator since they're basically stating they don't care about anti-tracking. You then also state that someone else should do the work of integrating with Libravator. It reads a bit gruff and asshole-ish. On the other hand, TANSTAAFL and either someone should pay you or do the work to do the Libravator integration, and it does seem very odd to pick up Isso and then want to use an avatar service that also does tracking. Presumably those people hate Disqus for other reasons, but it certainly doesn't have to be your concern. I'd probably write the same kind of tone in a FAQ entry as well, because if its being given away for free then the flip side is that users on the internet shouldn't be demanding assholes and want things for free that you have zero interest in providing for free, and I think you make your position reasonably clear. shrug . Yeah what is the attack here? If you don't have permissions to my repo that already limits the scope of attackers to people who already have repo access. At that points there's tons of abuse avenues open that are simpler. If someone could fork a repo, submit a pull request and push a sha for an already existing commit and that would get merged and accepted (but not show up in the PR on github) well that would certainly be troubling, but at that point I'm well past my understanding of git internals as to how plausible that kind of attack would be... > I am pretty sure Dragon does not have enough delta-v to do a full propulsive landing on the moon. The information I'm finding on the internet suggests Dragon 2 should run around 400 m/s of delta-V (it only needs on the order of 200 m/s to go from terminal velocity aerobraking to landed on Earth). TLI to LLO is 800 m/s, and I'd guess that a Circumlunar return trajectory to LLO transfer would be on that order -- which is already out of the Dragon 2's range and you're only trying to get into orbit on the Moon, not return, and definitely not land or take off again. Its close enough though that a beefed up Dragon 3 might be able to dock with some kind of space station and refueling dock in lunar orbit, then you just need to have a lunar ferry (Apollo sorta downsized all of this and crammed it all on top of a Saturn V for one-time use -- I'm thinking a bit bigger for the whole system and more cough reusable...) Also there's an overall pattern of behavior, its not just women in the company being harassed, its also the treatment of the drivers, all the things Lyft is suing them over doing, and even their sketchy "rides of glory" post show that their corporate culture just doesn't understand how to not be a complete asshole. We really need to just pick a date and turn off ipv4 because its the only way to make this guy change. Because someone works at those universities or ISPs who is making the same argument you're making. If enough of you all throw your hands in the air and say 'not enough people are doing it' then there will never be enough people doing it. At some point someone needs to point a (metaphorical) gun at your heads and make you all do it or else. In the meantime, you should feel bad every time you make this argument because you're helping to make the world worse and enabling everyone else to just kick the can down the road. Yeah, most employees read reddit or HN in between doing work tasks in order to reset their minds a bit. If the employee is doing external coding instead of surfing reddit on their 'mental floss' time, then that's probably a good thing and its making them a better programmer. There's issues of course if they're making competing products, or using company proprietary IP, or making money on the side. But this may come down to the fact that the biggest issue is that you've got an open office plan, where all your employees are snooping on each other. And if this employee was doing this side-coding behind closed doors (or at home) that nobody would care as long as they were hitting their targets. And with that I'm off to grab some coffee and get back to work... > If you want to be a truck driver, you need at least an eighth-grade education to handle the paperwork, she observes; Until the computers do all the truck driving, then you'll need a college degree to program/repair them. > it's not wrong. It is what it is. It's non-idle time. exactly what i was going to tell you. stick with that next time and stay away from 'wrong'. Read this as "Global Adult Films are Lobbying to Dilute Sarbanes-Oxley Reforms" I need more coffee and a shower. Back in the day Usenet was regulated by people complaining to admins or upstream admins. Students would get tempbans for being trolls, people's bosses could be involved. The web of trust between admins who just wanted to keep it all running meant that they policed their users a bit. And it was a lot more civil until we hit Endless September and AOL. I'm not sure I think this idea of the BBC's is a bad idea. From a technical analysis perspective (yeah i also do palm reading and seances), Bitcoin's chart looks like a perfect triangle continuation pattern. The cost overruns for these plants were also increased by untested regulations -- that were designed to simplify and accelerate their development. Like all complex systems regulations need to get debugged and they threw a beta release at an advanced reactor design that was already a beta release itself. The regulations wound up needing to be patched which meant that the reactor designs had to change mid-project. You have to equalize your ears and sinuses. You're feeling pain because airspaces are getting crushed without equalizing pressure. I think this has a lot more to do with depression/WWII era children having been brought up not to waste anything. That leads to the garage fulls of stuff that just can't be thrown away / donated. This was all reinforced during the 1970s/1970s era recessions. Both my parents are part hoarder and have basements / garages full of stuff. Something to keep in mind is that cumulative toxicity is important. The regimens typically used in non-human primates were 5.0mg/kg doses twice daily for 4 days taken subcutaneously instead of orally. A regimen of 2.5mg/kg given orally (p.o.) to Rhesus Monkeys once every 2 weeks for a total of 8 doses over 4 months produced no detectable effect on 5-HT and 5-HIAA levels. Its likely that the monkeys that are seeing neurotoxic effects are taking something like 4-8+ doses at once and doing that twice a day for four days straight. That would fry anyone. https://www.maps.org/news-letters/v05n3/05310neu.html kill it all, please. let me enable it for the few sites that i actually want to watch videos on. Let me control it. Be dumb and stupid and off by default, and if I want to watch videos on a site, I'll enable it. Newsweek's autoplay is literally cancer. I've got the disable HTML5 autoplay, but the newsweek site is so aggressive about autoplaying that it bugs out the browser. Its funny that to advertisers this is like the start of nuclear war, but to me it might mean I actually start using facebook more. I hardly ever login any more, when I do I usually have 80+ notifications. I never bother looking at my facebook feed since its just a dumpsterfire of garbage I'm not interested in. Mostly I use Messenger to talk to 2 or 3 people who are on messenger. > is uncharacteristic at least for Intel Have you worked in large enterprise organizations that sold things to other large enterprise organizations? Did you go read the bit about how banks were pressuring Intel to include full blown JVMs into the ME and they resisted that? > leaves a lot of crucial ethical and technical questions completely unanswered. The truth is mundane which is that Intel wanted money from Banks, and a bunch of workers tried to split the difference between giving the Banks everything they wanted and trying not to engineer gaping security holes. They were operating with imperfect information and got that equation wrong. And the truth is that no company in the world attempts to engineer for perfect security. When security runs up against economic concerns they try to balance the costs and benefits. Assume that we (you the reader) can know perfectly which possible vulnerabilities are actually exploitable and which are not. If Intel spends any time on possible vulnerabilities which in practice are not exploitable or never exploitable, that is entirely wasted time. If AMD spends no time at all on those, AMD can focus on shipping features and get ahead of Intel doing useful work. Since Intel and AMD cannot have perfect information, they make guesses as to the impact of possible security holes. That naturally will always result in them "cutting corners" from the perspective of someone who measures them only on their security posture. Enterprise corporations like this are a complicated non-linear non-convex optimization algorithm that attempts to balance economic, security and other concerns against a complicated and shifting landscape in the face of imperfect information. Any company that tried to have always perfect security would largely fail in the marketplace. This is related to the explanation of why the locks on the front door of your house or apartment can likely easily be picked. Security concerns are sacrificed for economic concerns, commonly, everywhere around you. I've been reading this argument since at least 2003. Can we change the title to "google prepares a nothingburger"? The current peak in bitcoin also looks exactly like an exponential blow off peak as people invest entirely on the expectation of future price rises. The way people are talking about it and the behavior of the price on the chart looks exactly like NASDAQ pre-2000. I'd almost suggest shorting it, but "markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent". Since there's nothing tangable at all about BTC (it's not like its a corporate stock with an actual cashflow and capital behind it) I don't see where the floor is. And since BTC mining is starting to use s noticeable fraction of the world's power consumption at some point the music is going to stop and all the miners will head for the exits because the marginal profit isn't there. I'm not sure I agree with Stiglitz that it should be outlawed since I'm uncomfortable with protecting people from their own stupidity, but I understand the analysis he's doing to conclude that. We already know how this ends: http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/mobile/000/016/030/carll... > 1. There is a finite number of bitcoins, which means you can never have inflation, or in other words the bitcoin price is only going up tomorrow. It takes both supply and demand to create a price. If demand evaporates then the price can crater even though the supply remains constant. If people start to run for the exits, then that number goes down and there's no floor under that number. The system can unwind in a panic until nobody is using the system and the value of the system becomes zero. Which means that isn't any kind of fundamental value, you're just measuring popularity. Fundamentals are supposed to provide support to value when a security becomes unpopular and untrendy. Your house and car locks are likely easily picked so anyone breaking into your car or home likewise shouldn't be found guilty of anything. All that security theater is fictitious so therefore laws against violating it shouldn't have any basis. If my door is open that isn't an invitation for you to come and sit down on my couch and start watching the football game... This is great in principle, but doing it state-by-state in drips is going to cause more problems than it solves, particularly if different states decide on DST vs Standard. The federal government needs to abolish one or the other across the board. So far I've found that if anyone is making claims about "blockchain" which don't just boil down to "basically git", then what follows is entirely bullshit. People that use the word "fiat" are also entirely ignorable. Most of them are more capital-L Libertarian. You want to know bad design of a cancel button? The lyft app when you want to cancel a ride has a "cancel" button that cancels the ride instead of cancelling the cancel. Accidentally cancelled a ride one time in the middle of it when I fat fingered the first button and then stabbed at "cancel" thinking it meant "abort" and not "ok, continue"... > Even the most critical observer must concede that these distributed networks are novel and interesting. Nope. Anything you can do with blockchain you can do simpler and easier and cheaper either with a standard database, or something like git with signed git commits and a trusted third party. The blockchain exists to try to remove trusted third parties but leads to every increasing energy consumption or order to fuel incentive for "proof of work", and the coin concept is a flat out ponzi scheme. All these ideas need to get relegated to the dustbin of history. This sounds surreal. "die" is a funny way to spell "exit scam" Also makes auto formatting very difficult when whitespace indentation doesn't just affect readability but syntax. They only argue that the impact was enough to offset a decline from 270 ppm CO2 to 250 ppm CO2 to instead wind up at 280 ppm CO2 at the preindustrial stage. Over about 8,000 years. Call it 40 ppm CO2 over 7000 years to make the number a little larger and its 0.005 ppm CO2/yr. We're currently increasing CO2 in the atmosphere by 2 ppm CO2/yr or 350 times faster. So he's not claiming that pre-modern agriculture had a huge impact on CO2 levels, but that those CO2 levels do have rather large climate impact over time. He does this by comparisons with prior ice age due to similarities in the precession of the Earth. The paper is about MIS19 which is 18 interglacials ago, which provides a good analog in the orbital properties, and which there is CO2 data for in ice cores. That can then be correlated with the paleoclimate record showing glacial inception happening ~10,000 years after the maximum in MIS19. Using the actual paleoclimate data from MIS19 to control a GCM for MIS1 they run the GCM forwards from the glacial maximum and find that the mean global temperature falls by 1.2K and that the high Arctic cools by 5-6K with 3K falls in temperature over most of the Arctic and Siberia. That paints a consistent picture where by right before the pre-industrial revolution the Earth should have been cooler and continental shield glaciers should have started forming across Northern Canada and Siberia. And this matches the paleoclimate record of MIS19. If this seems counter intuitive at all, then your calibration of how much human impact is necessary to produce global climate changes (particularly over thousands of years) is likely off. That also means that the argument that climate change will be beneficial is correct in a way, but pre-industrial humans already made that impact. We're well beyond the climate impact that would produce a consistent, beneficial boost to global temperature and are blasting the furnace. My guess is someone's ex-boyfriend/ex-husband had some OChem background and decided to go a bit ted kaczynski. The FBI got involved due to threats of explosives, they went into his apartment and found real evidence of bomb making. Would also be consistent with the Post Office having been shut down if he was planning on mailing anything. Might also be politically motivated, but I'm going to bet on personal since this observatory was specifically targeted, and not APO (an ex-grad student who feels their academic career was destroyed by someone there would work as well for me). Or something that rhymes with that and is much more mundane than Chinese spies or secret military tests (but of course just exceptional enough to get the FBI involved and not the local cops -- so an actual credible bomb maker and not just someone phoning in a threat). Looks like I was on the right track, it was a "criminal investigation" and: "During this time, we became concerned that a suspect in the investigation potentially posed a threat to the safety of local staff and residents." https://www.space.com/41852-sunspot-solar-observatory-openin... And other investors see that short interest piling into an otherwise healthy (hypothetical) stock and they buy in anticipation of a short squeeze. And when the stock pops due to good news, those shorts become rocket fuel for the stock going up. No single action in the stock market happens in a vacuum, and longs will absolutely react to what the shorts are doing. And a high short interest is often viewed as a contrarian indicator that dumb short money has piled into the stock and that its actually due for a pop. You often see that at bottoms in the stock. Haters gonna hate. A lot of that news is just to sell clicks and has nothing to do with short selling. Other people hate Musk for reasons not having anything to do with self-interest in the stock price and want to bad mouth him. And the only way to do with those rumors is to be successful. Going to war with people bad mouthing you never works. Also an "old fart", I would recommend postgresql first over any of these other databases. Solve the big data scaling problems when you actually have them. One database server with replication and failover is going to still solve 95-98% or more of the use cases on the web. I used to need 9.5 hours of sleep as a teenager and probably had diagnosable delayed sleep phase disorder. Rules made by 55 year old early risers that only need 6 hours of sleep a night who have become school officials are just cruel and unusual punishment to a chunk of teenagers out there. In a better world there could be a class action lawsuit to make this stop--but its still considered okay to promote "early to bed, early to rise" and flat-out discriminate against people with sleep disorders. If you are an early riser, you should know that as someone with a sleep disorder I view "helpful" suggestions like "get some exercise" to be roughly equivalent to suggesting that gay people just need to pray the gay away. I'm never going to become an early riser. I've gotten in somewhat under control with melatonin, tweaks to diet and consistent scheduling, but I'm never going to hop out of bed at 6:30am and its always going to take me 2-3 hours to wake up. You've misunderstood Dawkins. You can still get completely unselfish individual traits out of selfish gene selection (like the entire chapter on runt gene selection). It looks like group selection, Dawkins only argues that the mechanism is selfish genes. Even he seems to have forgotten he wrote about that though. You literally failed to read every other word that I wrote. Where I worked in the past they had a rule to only hire DBAs that could manage schema changes and such without downtime. Proper planning up front can mitigate the need to take a lot of those outages. They still took a window a year for changes where there was no alternative. That is still seems preferable to me to the kinds of ongoing problems that distributed eventually consistent databases produce. You might have better availability numbers, but if customer service has to spend money to fix mistakes caused by data errors I don't know that is better for the business. I'm 46, still not an early riser. I sometimes wake up early, usually due to a bit of stress, but that just messes me up worse since I can't shift my schedule backwards (jetlag going West-to-East is hellish for me). I have become more 'rigid' in my sleep schedule which is better for fitting in with the rest of society than the phase I went through in college when I was on a 26-hour sleep schedule and every 2 weeks I'd rotate my sleep schedule around (generally trying to time the period when I was sleeping right in the daytime for weekends although I'd skip classes on either side). But that rigidity means that its hard to nap (and of course if I nap a bit too long in the day then I wind up staying up until 3am, so usually if I get up too early I wind up having to push through with sleep dep all day and then just hope it doesn't happen the next day -- but the stress itself from not getting enough sleep can cause me to get up early again in a bit of a viscious cycle). I've skipped business trips to Europe and the East Coast before because jetlag is completely brutal for me. And it takes all those tricks for me just to maintain a 24 hour sleep cycle. What I'd like to be able to do is what I did in college and shift my sleep schedule forward an hour or two every day. Instead I have a sleep mask, I start prepping for bed at least an hour early, I take melatonin, I make sure not to eat at night, and I lie down in bed with the sleep mask on for at least 20-30 minutes and listen to programs that help me to relax. Then it takes me 20-30 minutes after I really decide to go to sleep in order to go to sleep. And right before bedtime is when I'm most alert. Even if I stay up all night, at about 9:30pm I won't be able to sleep. What is really bad is when I'm seriously sleep depped and I get to sleep at say 7:30 or so, and I can easily wake up after 2-3 hours and then be stuck awake until >3am in the morning. So I use every single trick in the book and then can just barely manage to stick to what the rest of society thinks is normal and its a constant fight. "the early bird gets the worm just proves that the worm should have slept in" Yeah I used to do that in college. Wish society would be more accepting of that. I'd likely be way more productive if I could just do that, and wouldn't have the sleep dep days that I do when I just power through it on zombie mode for a day or three until I can get back on the 24 hour schedule. I find 5 mg of melatonin taken an hour before I got to bed combined with learning to use a sleep mask helped a lot. I still need to go to bed listening to something (that isn't too interesting to me) in order to derail my thoughts as well. Plus not eating late, and something in junk food (MSG/salt?) tends to keep me up all night almost in hot sweats. But with all that it has just become manageable so that I can hold down a job. I have to do the following: - I can't eat any junk food pretty much at all (pizza is a particular trigger food -- salt/MSG, i dunno?) - I can't eat anything late - I have to take a melatonin an hour before bedtime - At least 20 minutes before bedtime I have to put on a sleep mask and just start really winding down. Often this is more like 60 minutes before bedtime. This is just lying on my back and not really trying to sleep. - Then I have to find some program to listen to, quietly, that derails my train of thought, but isn't actually interesting to keep me awake otherwise my internal dialog will keep me awake. - Then it takes me about 20 minutes of actually trying to sleep to sleep on a good night. And even given all that sometimes the slightest bit of stress will completely screw up my sleep schedule. Exercise can help, but not right before bedtime, earlier in the day, probably through addressing stress. Too much exercise and sore, hot muscles will keep me up all night. So, yeah, we've all collectively heard nearly everything that you can suggest, and it takes all of that just to barely make me functional. And napping is usually awful and leads to staring at the ceiling until 3am. So if I miss sleep one night I'm usually powering through the next day on sleep dep. Then if its stress that is keeping me awake I may still get not enough sleep the next night. The stress from not getting enough sleep can cause stress at night that keeps me awake. Ultimately it tends to 'break' and I get a good night of sleep and the stress drops off and I start getting back to normal again. And I'm probably fairly well adjusted for being a sufferer, there's a lot of people out there who are more clinically diagnosable. Go have a look at an Apple ][+ -- expandability, hackability and an open architecture were all attractive selling points. Thank you. I'd add that if you make 6x or more than the average barista that you need to stop complaining about tips. I'll listen to anyone making barista-level wages complain about tipping other people, but I don't want to hear about it from other software developers with 6 figure incomes. Yeah, as someone who generally winds up rewriting the mess that you wrote for everyone in the room, I really wish you'd pay more attention to the outcome in the end. It would take a computer the size of facebook to perfectly plan how a change will actually affect facebook. Nobody actually spends the money to do that. They all wing it at some level or another. They're just winging it at a scale vastly more massive than the hundred or thousand computers most people manage. Source: I worked at Amazon back when managing 30,000 servers was a lot, and I can extrapolate. More recent studies than those from the 60s and 70s though have found that cognitive issues show up in different kinds of tasks: https://ehp.niehs.nih.gov/doi/full/10.1289/ehp.1104789 Their measures of focused activity were nearly unchanged, while measures like initiative and strategy declined somewhat at 1,000ppm and sharply at 2,500ppm. And this study found: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/1541931214581192 "Within the limitations of this experiment, (1) breathing 4% CO2 for one hour slows information processing by impairing the response selection stage of processing and not the stimulus encoding stage and (2) with increasing time-on-task information processing is increasingly impaired and the magnitude of this effect is similar for each processing stage. These findings help define a useful model of human information processing and identify the locus of CO2 impairment." That could explain the null results found by the Navy. Yes. And back in the day sysadmins wrote programs like tcp_wrappers, postfix, sendmail, etc. It was definitely common and encouraged if not expected. The idea that system admins should be able to get away with never professionally stepping up to doing programming is a late-90s/early-00s aberration that was generated by the need to scale up during the dot com boom before good automation practices existed. And it is not a good thing and it stunts intellectual growth. Devops is in some sense back-to-the-future by tearing down an artificial wall that never should have been made in the first place. GSF1 is also exploited by sociopaths in those crowds. Even if everyone knows that so-and-so is an asshole you're always the bad guy to call them out on it. My null hypothesis on reading this article is that the Secret Service did exactly what Mr "NSA Hacker" Williams suggested onto an isolated linux laptop -- and in fact this was sophisticated enough malware to start attacking it when it wasn't even mounted. So the agent shut it down and sent it all off to a better equipped lab. Which is actually pretty sane procedure. I think techcrunch here is trying to sell us on the idea that we're all smarter than the stupid secret service in order to get clicks through manufactured outrage. It is that last bit where it gets sticky. If you tank the market and create systemic insolvency then you might hold $1B of short contracts at an exchange where the operators have packed up and fled to anonymous sandy beaches, and for all your cleverness those contracts and $10 might buy you lunch tomorrow. > I have a problem with the people being controlling, dismissive, and deceptive. They're probably just busy. And calling the "imperialistic" is annoying them, so you've destroyed your political capital with them. At a prior job it was mostly executives who were the worst at being phished. Hopefully you don't transmit the password and are doing challenge/response so that you don't even have it when the user logs in. But even with 12 round bcrypt hashing, you should be able to fairly cheaply attack a list of 2,000 bcrypted passwords with a million-entry database of leaked e-mail/password combos in a GPU-month. Probably easier to force a password reset on everyone and then do the checking on password change, although you need to be careful there not to be sending the password. EDIT: uhm, wait, so if you've got the e-mail address in the dump then there's only one user for that, so just grab their salt and hash the password and check it. So that million entry database should be checkable in a bit over half an hour... Its probably a system for "jamming" FLIR sensors an allowing the attacker to project targets onto the system. The pilots were guinea pigs. Which is made more plausible by the fact that the USS Princeton asked the Nimitz pilots first if they were armed, and only after they informed the Princeton that they were not that they were given the orders to investigate. There probably was a real object -- since one was sighted but it was a drone with the advanced jamming equipment (that they didn't want to accidentally get shot down). It did not move at supersonic speed, but it projected an image onto the FLIR sensor which did. The submerged object was probably a submarine that the equipment was launched from. "There probably was a real object -- since one was sighted but it was a drone with the advanced jamming equipment (that they didn't want to accidentally get shot down)." Or someone just screwed up the human side of it. So the solution is to punish the users of the platform because the company won't spend enough money to hire people to properly vet the app store? "its a bold move cotton..." Yeah the problem with the Challenger explosion can either be diagnosed as O-rings or NASA culture. The former clearly was not involved in the Columbia accident, the latter certainly still was. It looks a lot more like viral pneumonia than 2009 H1N1. Healthy younger adults largely don't get infected or don't suffer very severe symptoms. In one study in the lancet no patients under 40 were admitted to the ICU. The MuLBSTA score of a patient for predicting fatality from viral pneumonia (which considers comorbidities like diabetes, heart disease, smoking, etc) is predictive of fatal outcomes with nCoV-2019. Everyone on the internet doing the math on this thing loves to assume it will naturally be as broadly infectious as influenza and will ultimately infect 1/3 of the planet (with the usually quoted 2% fatality rate). More likely the number of infections will be lower than that by an order of magnitude at least (even though it will still be a global pandemic). If you look at the quarantined cruise ship only 63 out of 3700 people have been confirmed as cases. At 1.7% (and of course still growing) that is still very far off from 33%. It is still troubling because if you assume the impact is like viral pneumonia then the impact of effectively doubling the number of cases of that worldwide will stress our health care systems, and it will increase mortality in vulnerable populations (very young and older people with comorbidities). I'm a bit worried about my mom and dad who are pushing 80 now, I'm not much worried about myself (48 with no other issues). Healthy 25 year olds probably won't catch this at all, and if they do they'll just get a bad cold. This doesn't seem to be crap, but it does seem to be hype. You can use CasADI to do automatic differentiation in C++, Python and Matlab today: https://web.casadi.org/ Tight integration with the language may be beneficial in making it simpler to write, but its not like you can't do this already in other languages. Baking it into the language might be useful to make it more popular. Nobody should be doing the chain rule by hand in the 21st century. TIL I'm a 5 year old. Straight from the wikipedia entry on the Huanan market: "In May 2020, George Gao, the director of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, said animal samples collected from the seafood market had tested negative for the virus, indicating that the market was the site of an early superspreading event, but it was not the site of the initial outbreak.[43]" https://www.wsj.com/articles/china-rules-out-animal-market-a... I can't find references now but the idea that the virus started in Wuhan roughly early November and that the Huanan market was just a notable superspreading event which brought attention to the virus is pretty accepted in scientific circles. The virus was too well adpated to humans initially and has not evolved significantly since its first detection then (D614G and the new variants aside). The animals that carried the virus in the Huanan market were probably just an infected human, and not particularly close to the origin case. It was just detected there because it was a superspreading event that happened in the backyard of the nearby lab. The most plausible explanation I've heard as an origin is that it jumped from bat to human in the process of bat guano farming. This would have obviously happened in the rural area outside of Wuhan, but the virus found its way through spreading events into the higher density city, where it was eventually detected. Cryptic spread would have been happening for at least a month or more as it adapted to humans. The furin cleavage site may also be the result of a recombination event between two coronaviruses (coronaviruses don't just mutation and reassortment like influenza, they also recombine and dual infection with two coronaviruses in an animal or human can shuffle parts of genes): https://jvi.asm.org/content/84/7/3134?ijkey=b8e66cb01995eeb4... So if you just assume that trajectory from bat guano farming to city center, along with a missing link to provide the furin cleavage site, then the title articles analysis really falls apart. Not surprising that the bats are far away, the furin cleavage site may be not surprising if we manage to find a similar virus in nature, and mostly what is left is that it wasn't detected until it was right on the doorstep of the virology lab (where the virus found the people who were likely to set off the alarm about it) and the rest some mild cover-your-ass at the lab would be entirely expected. But that means that there's some bats with answers somewhere outside of Wuhan but China has been stalling efforts to go find them. "Hacker" News Your comment here is also violating those comment guidelines. > The question of how it got to Wuhan all the way from Southern China remains unanswered. There are coronavirus-carrying bats in Hubei province. > DST better aligns with most people's day schedules I'd like to see that studied closely in light of the fact that 1 in 3 Americans suffers from chronic sleep deprivation. And just because people have earlier schedules doesn't mean that they operate well with earlier schedules -- and because society programs us for decades to wake up earlier and to view oversleeping as sloth just asking people what their preferred sleep schedule is may bias results. I wouldn't be surprised to learn that half the people in this thread who think they really want that hour of light at the end of the day wouldn't function much better if they got more sleep in the morning. There's also the asymmetry where people who are early risers want that extra hour of light in the evening -- at the cost of the late sleepers suffering chronic sleep deprivation and all the related health costs ("I want an extra hour of light, and you dying early of a heart attack is a small cost to pay for that"). The left wasn't being actively encouraged and incited by the sitting President. Money can go under the mattress. Monetary velocity is collapsing. Literally everyone seems to have turned into an Austrian economist lately. Nobody remembers "pushing on a string" these days and the "Fed Put" is so accepted that it isn't even discussed, it is just assumed the world works that way. there's plenty of normally rich and wealthy people who aren't the narcissist jet set who are just WFH through the whole thing. when you discuss "rich" you need to distinguish between the 99% narcissist kardashian class and everyone who is in the 90th percentile. Yeah it feels incredibly old fashioned and stilted when someone refers to me as "Mister" or "Sir" or anything like that. I've worked from home for the past 5 years, so no, it hasn't made anything worse. I hate commuting, sitting in traffic for 2 hours a day doesn't improve your life. The problem is that if you relax zoning codes you get rich developers at least in the short term. Leftists should think about it in terms of deliberately producing an oversupply to crash the market. Aggressively relax zoning in areas that have already gentrified where that battle is simply lost and never coming back. Massively expand the supply of $1M+ homes until the supply outstrips the demand and developers are stuck with inventory of housing that they can't move without slashing asking prices and taking losses. Watch as property values fall. The problem is that both liberals and conservatives are against that, because they don't want to see their property values fall, and that background of NIMBY'ing is where we are. Without really opening up zoning to generate a glut what you are generally talking about is relaxed zoing in a few areas which will be too little to affect the trajectory of housing markets, but will enrich a lot of rich people. Leftists kinda instinctively know that this economic fantasy of creating a supply glut is just a fantasy, so it does make sense to support things like rent control. But you know keep punching left like they're the biggest problem, and not the people who understand the limitations of the system. (This comment's tone totally changed from the start, but I'll leave it as it is instead of cleaning it up so you can take the journey with me...) They need to be forced, by government regulations, to have to talk to people who have had their accounts banned and to provide them some kind of legal recourse. The law needs to recognize that for massive social networks like Facebook and Twitter and for the Apple and Google App stores that people are actually entitled to those services, and have a right to use them, and shouldn't be kicked off of them without any form of recourse. They've grown too big to just consider them like the corner coffee shop and allow them to kick anyone off of their platform for whatever reasons they cook up. And that means that they will need to staff up and that will come out of their profit margins, and that's okay. That's why they need to be forced to do it by regulations. Not if you were black and used crack. And pretty much any prison for posession and use is rediculous, if its a problem for the user it is a mental health issue and prison is the wrong treatment. And of course the limits on what determines if you're a dealer is set low enough, and carrier laws meant that many users were getting prosecuted like dealers. And what defines a "dealer" since someone doing a group buy for three friends is significantly less socially problematic than someone trafficking drugs across the border. The problem is that if big short sellers like Melvin Capital go under that their counterparties are the brokers that will be ultimately holding most of the bag. This is what I couldn't understand about what the endgame of this would have to be. Because you can't really have a situation where all the shares are bought up sending the shares to infinity. At some point something breaks. Someone has to pay money for those shares. That could be that retail investors bolt for the door just like a bubble popping and because its difficult to maintain steadiness when you're looking at huge gains that aren't realized. And that is what they thought would happen. What would be more reasonable would be to liquidate Melvin Capital and anyone stupid enough to invest in them and the holders of GME shares would become creditors against that bankruptcy proceeding somehow. SEC would have to manage that unwinding somehow. But the problem is that the clearinghouses like Citadel are counterparties to Melvin Capital and they've privately bailed them out, taken over their shorts and will now hugely profit by suspending trading and riding those short positions down. This now entirely makes sense to me as what was inevitable, because while WSB was trying to destroy Melvin Capital they didn't understand that the implications of that were going to be destroying the clearinghouses through counterparty risk. And they were never going to let that happen, so they shut it all down and will eat the SEC investigation. This is a very interesting outcome just due to the moral hazard it creates with shorting. It is also a very interesting outcome because a lot of "little guys" just learned an object lesson in what happens when it looks like you are beating the "big guys". They won't let that happen. There's going to be a lot of political rage as a result of this. We're going to have to make a decision in the next 10 years or so if we'd like to funnel that rage towards socialism or fascism, the status quo is going to continue to enrage people. Well #1: yes the are. #2: drug addiction is a mental health problem (and not all drug use is addiction) and any sentence for possession is too much. yes theY are [still getting super long sentences] three strikes laws still exist, it is still possible to push possession into felony territory. if there's a gun anywhere near the arrest you can probably tack on firearms charges, etc. if you're reasonably white and middle class those extras will be ignored for a lighter sentence. if you're black or for whatever other reason they just don't like you then they'll tack those extras on and three strikes you. there is a lot of "prosecutorial discretion" still, and if you dig into it hard enough that's a code word for racially biased prosecution. the fact that they we reasonable with you or your college buddies who got busted with some MDMA or something is not the same experience that lower income black people get. There's no need for a Capital-I Investment App to be on mobile. You should be doing research on a bigger screen, and when its time to execute trades you shouldn't be doing them on the shitter and shouldn't care if its executed at 9am or 4pm or the next day. The Robinhood app is totally designed to suck Millennials into daytrading on their mobiles. Sir, this is a site run by an investment fund, I'm afraid you've stepped a bit out of line there. Nowhere in the US has really had harsh lockdown measures. SF also has density issues that will drive up the r0 of the virus. While the widely quoted r0 of the virus is around 3.0, the r0 in NYC at the start of the outbreak was estimated to be 5.0 (You could argue about if that was really the r(t) and not r0, but I'm not considering time-dependence or the reaction to the virus, but the actual starting reproduction number in NYC before there was any human reaction to the virus -- that isn't a constant value but depends on the local conditions). Austin has an overall 3,000 people per square mile density, SF has an overall 18,000 people per square mile (and some areas are even more dense than that). Why are you allowed to have up to 40 tabs of LSD but no more than 5 pills of MDMA? In general, possession-vs-dealing is such a weird line to cut based on quantity of the drug. The fact that 10 pills of MDMA in someone's possession likely means that it won't just be one person consuming all of those doesn't necessarily turn that person into a professional dealer. Not any more than a pack of cigarettes turns someone into a tobacco company if someone bums a smoke off of you. Yeah we're just likely to cruise along operating as "ABoringDystopia" until we hit some kind of fairly hard stop. I don't know what that is going to look like though so I'm not taking any concrete bets. I certainly don't know what comes after. > my behaviour I mean its literally not about you, its about the behavior of crowds and you are one N=1? Also the people who object to this are generally the kind of people who don't realize how much their own opinions and behavior are molded by these things. If you don't realize that this goes on, and that it is effective, you are more likely to be one of the susceptible ones. The vaccines which are administered intramuscularly aren't expected to prevent infection at all. You won't have neutralizing antibodies in the mucosal surfaces in the upper respiratory tract which would be required to completely prevent infection. You will have NAbs in the bloodstream which should very effectively isolate the infection to the upper respiratory tract. Immune responses will also be primed so that the infection in the upper respiratory tract will be dramatically reduced. In many cases though the infection will be detectable via rtPCR but that won't be significant since the person won't be symptomatic, won't "feel sick" (or very sick) and will be very unlikely to transmit the virus. It should also entirely cut out the multi-organ involvement of covid since the neutralizing antibodies in the blood will prevent spread to the lungs/kidney/heart/brain/etc. Testing via rtPCR for "infection" would be an expensive waste of time in a vaccine which isn't expected to confer that level of protection. And when it failed to confer that level of protection you're left trying to explain why that low number doesn't matter to a population expecting some kind of medical miracle. Instead they watch for symptoms and then they confirm that is a SARS-CoV-2 infection via rtPCR, and this is the typical "efficacy number" which is reported (I think the initial Oxford trial results did report the results of randomized rtPCR testing so their numbers were dramatically lower, which has caused all kinds of confusion since its not apples-to-apples with the mRNA vaccine results). Reduction in transmissibility is more difficult to determine which is why those numbers aren't reported, it is assumed that reduction in symptoms correlates with reduction in transmissibility. So none of the vaccine trials can conclusively rule out asymptomatic spread in vaccinated individuals. However since the people are being followed over time what is caught is any infection which subsequently produces symptoms. So the vaccinated asymptomatic individuals would be truly asymptomatic and not just presymptomatic. Dramatically cutting down symptoms is expected to be a pretty good proxy to dramatically cutting transmission. Relevant quote from a recent BMJ article on truly asymptomatic transmission: > The transmission rates to contacts within a specific group (secondary attack rate) may be 3-25 times lower for people who are asymptomatic than for those with symptoms.1121415 A city-wide prevalence study of almost 10 million people in Wuhan found no evidence of asymptomatic transmission.16 Coughing, which is a prominent symptom of covid-19, may result in far more viral particles being shed than talking and breathing, so people with symptomatic infections are more contagious, irrespective of close contact.17 On the other hand, asymptomatic and presymptomatic people may have more contacts than symptomatic people (who are isolating), underlining the importance of hand washing and social distancing measures for everyone. https://www.bmj.com/content/371/bmj.m4851 The title study here on HN on the Oxford vaccine is pretty clear that they're looking for "primary symptomatic COVID-19" which means they're not screening for asymptomatic infection, they're waiting for symptoms, then confirming. They found that one shot conferred good protection (76%) for at least 90 days post vaccination (after the first 2 weeks) with little waning and some evidence that it gets better. They also found that the BEST boosting interval was 12+ weeks or more, reaching 82% efficacy. This matches what I've heard some virologists yap about informally online that longer boosting intervals are generally what is recommended (more or less letting the learning immune response bake longer while letting the immediate response to the vaccine vector wane) but the early studies used short intervals due to pandemic driven concerns around giving health providers and the elderly the best immunity in the shortest period possible. Now that we're transitioning to needing to vaccinate literally everyone the message may unfortuntely shift in ways that make people suspicious. First published back in April, 2020: https://wwwnc.cdc.gov/eid/article/26/7/20-0764_article Over 5 years at working at Amazon (quite some time ago, I don't know what they do now) and we happily violated "no domain names" without any issue for linux servers. If you don't have linux boxes that span different networks it doesn't cause a problem to have server have one single domain name and have the hostname be the same. Linux boxes aren't proper security devices or router so don't use them as that and don't mutihome them. The routers and switches were given short names. These RFCs simply don't capture that there are rules you can adopt (and if you're big enough -- which is not terribly big) then you can discard some of these suggestions completely. There is not a one-size-fits-all. I ignored this RFC's suggestion at a fairly massive scale for 5 years and never had an issue. Also don't fall into the trap of just assigning random serial numbers to servers. I later worked somewhere that did this and it makes it difficult to communicate about the servers in the middle of outages. I've had communication issues where I've been talking to another engineer and I was using the first hex digits of the server name and they were using the last as shortcuts and we thought we were logged into different servers and it was the same one. You hardly ever want humans dealing with your server names, but when humans do need to use your server names it is one of the times that really matter because shit is on fire. Group them by single purpose of what the cluster does with some kind of incrementing number. The idea to use theme names and not "project" names is also deeply 100% wrong. When you have 100,000s of servers you run out of theme names and you'll fail to remember the name schemes in the middle of an outage. Name them after what the servers do, and keep them more or less reflecting their purpose. Consider carefully some kind of numbering scheme to keep the short names unique across datacenters so you don't have a dozen foo-101 servers. You may want to use incrementing serial numbers for both datacenters and cluster members or something so "foo-1-101" and number your datacenters (or logical cluster number if you're really big and stamp them out 30,000 at a time or something). Oh right this is the RFC from 1990. Yeah, shit has changed, this RFC needs to evolve. Back in 1990 when this was written a single system admin hand managing 20-30 servers was a lot. Web didn't exist. I can't recall any kind of load balancing or much clustering. You might have SunOS boxes running RIP doing routing across internal subnets that were 10baseT. NAT and firewalls weren't used much at all and servers would just sit on public IPs. This RFC is prehistoric. So now banning people incorrectly is a revenue generator? The answer is to force google to be open and more transparent through regulations and have to scale up to deal with it and eat into their profits. The assumption up front should not be that we need to care about protecting their profits. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_threads https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thread_(computing)#Threading_m... AFAIK NAT goes away but firewall don't (but then firewalls have a horrible fail-open problem since all IPs are routable). I tend to see a lot of highly promoted "short and fat" principal engineers and other internal thought leaders who lack depth. In fact the career path seems to top out if you prefer being an expert in something rather than jack of all trades and able to talk about any subject. > They are a religion: the FoxNews of the Left. If you hang out with actual leftists, they've probably hated the NYT longer than you have. That should not exist. The freedom of speech doesn't mean anyone else has to respect your opinion. I used to smoke a cigarette or three a year. Get drunk on NYE, smoke a couple cigs. Wake up the next day with a hangover and have zero impulse to ever touch a cigarette again for another year. I outright abused alcohol early in 2020 because shit got a bit cray-cray. Then just stopped because alcohol got boring. Done that a lot with alcohol. Had an experience with Xanax several years ago though and I'm not touching that stuff again ever unless I'm terminal (then, yes, please). Still managed to identify the onset of addiction and stop it before it really got going, but I'm not touching that chemical again. The creation of EC2 originally (which at the time was not AWS -- AWS was originally the XML-RPC and SOAP APIs that allowed people to interact with the www.amazon.com website) was done by a skunkworks project in South Africa. That team was very, very far removed from Amazon proper and actually delivered. That's probably the only time I've seen that kind of startup-with-a-large-corporation work. I can think of other examples (like Amazon's google-competing search engine) which tried to copy that and failed pretty completely. I suspect other successful things that happened after I was there were run as "startups" though (I'd guess Alexa?). But in general every other time I've seen those happen at other companies they've been completely miserable failures. Working in IT, usually those "startups" are full of Dunning Krugers who mostly go to war against the corporate IT and don't actually have very good business ideas (and honestly the corporate IT has been run like crap and deserved it, but that doesn't actually help launch your product). They're usually fed a bunch of ego-food about how they're the special children which will entirely transform the next generation of the company, and then they wind up fighting with everyone else. There's a way simpler endgame: We hit the peak of the bubble and people start pulling money out and it unwinds in a systemic bank panic. Yeah, it was a bit messier than that though. There was a ton of internal politics between 2004-2006, that Wikipage makes it sound way too clean. You're right though that S3 and SQS launched before EC2 did, but EC2 was highly politically charged internally. I don't know that it would have happened if they didn't ship development off to South Africa. Its like scam/phishing e-mails with typos in them. Most widescale hacking is lowest effort looking for lowest hanging fruit. If you hack enough servers for your purposes without worrying about checksum randomization then worrying about it is just wasted effort. And you want targets with excessively shitty security postures or else you might actually get tracked down and busted. Stocks are held up because they do have a grounding in the value of the corporations in the broader economy. For their value to go to zero everyone would have to pull out of the broad economy, stop buying manufactured goods and go back to farming their land. There are a huge number of incentives that make it extraordinarily difficult for people to just wake up one day and pull out of the economy, stocks and USD. There's literally no such incentives for crypto. Nobody has to buy into crypto or they can't buy food or cars or homes or pay their taxes or anything else. Opting out of crypto is very easy, opting out of the US economy is very hard. Yeah I'm 13,000 lines into a solo side project and haven't bothered with a single branch+merge. I've got a bunch of tests, but I don't test everything, I don't make sure every commit has tests. Commits are mostly checkpoints of when major feature achieve some kind of initial stability where I want to be able to diff back to last-known-working. I try to do better commits than "WIP" but they're something like "such and such feature now seems to actually work (lots of buggy edge conditions)". I'll throw in a lot of unrelated code cleanup that happens into single commits as well. I focus on moving the needle on the end results though and not having perfect process. Many bits of code that I have which work well enough don't have any tests at all. As I hit bugs I drill into code and fill out the tests that I didn't do. Simple code that is used all over the place and doesn't cause issues may not have any formal tests at all. I rarely actually bother to go back into my own git history, mostly I just use it like a quicksave in case I wind up dying at the next bossfight. I think what'll get you in trouble more than having perfect process is writing spaghetti code that violates separation of concerns. If things are separated well, you should be able to come back and test it easily if it causes issues. Test the stuff that is complicated and obviously will cause issues if its not perfect. Test the stuff that is found to be buggy or needs to be proven to be not buggy in order to track down bugs. Don't bother with perfectly testing everything. I've been adding a threaded AVL tree implementation lately. I definitely tested that extensively and did a savegame when the AVL tree was written and passing tests properly, and then added threads and did another couple of savegames. I'm going to build on top of that, and I need to be able to trust it without falling back into debugging it. I've got a Clamp01 function though which takes a double and ensures it is within 0 I mean, it’s a super cool tech. No, it really isn't. It's pretty stupidly simple and nobody has come up with a good use case for it other than getting rich because Number Go Up. "make a language bad enough and nobody will write awful code in it" I do think that after you release and more or less go "1.0" (even if you don't call it 1.0) you should start treating master as always-releasable. At that point if you have a lot of work to do and need checkpoints, do it on a branch. Same with major breaking change features. Keep master always ready so that you can release for bumping your upstream deps, releasing security fixes, or other interrupt driven housekeeping to stay current. I used to get annoyed at people cutting me off and used to try to close the gap in front of me. That is just known as tailgating, it is 100% more dangerous, and the mentality that leads to it is a minor form of road rage -- getting annoyed at other drivers and rationalizing dangerous behavior because of it. And all you're doing is, very definitively, rationalization -- tailgating is never safer. That is a form of "I am very clever and counterintuitive" rationalization or how otherwise fairly smart people wind up making dumb decisions. If you allow enough space -- which should really be well over a semi-trailer of space -- then you allow people to "cut you off" but everyone is ultimately safer. You get where you're going at basically exactly the same time as well. Even if you get caught at a light, you'll probably make it up at some other light where you'd never make it anyway because the backup is 2+ lights long anyway (or else you're driving somewhere at some without any traffic and it doesn't matter anyway). It also greatly helps to just get the fuck out of the left lane entirely and get out of the mentality where you give any fucks over it. That goes equally as to if you are one of the left-lane speed police OR if you're one of the left-lane-is-for-passing police. Both of those people are actually road ragers. Stick with one of the other lanes and open up a nice wide gap in front of you and watch people zip over to the left lane and get into each other's headspaces. And you'll get to wherever you're going within a minute or two of whatever your maps app predicts. And often the left lane isn't any faster because half the people think they drive faster than everyone else and zip over there and crowd it up. > Note that I've never rear-ended anybody, but I've certainly had some exciting panic stops. I can't remember the last time I ever had an "exciting panic stop". I'm pretty certain I can guess which of us is a generally safer driver. So that should be your answer. If I've left more than a semi-trailer of space in front of me, I haven't seen people trying to zip into that space right off my front bumper dangerously. If you're commonly seeing that, you're likely doing something to antagonize other drivers. Tailgating in order to prevent that is rationalizing unsafe behavior. The need to commonly panic stop is entirely due to tailgating. Eliminating tailgating though can't ever completely eliminate the need to panic stop. But I can't think of any time in the past 30 years that I've needed to panic stop. True accidents do happen, but the majority of time "panic stops" are due to inattention and insufficient stopping distance. And I'm not going to carefully research something that should be very obvious if you have any experience driving at all. You can go out and talk to a thousand driving instructors and police who will tell you the same thing. Anecdotes can also be right. You can't prove something wrong by screaming N=1 you can only argue its not proof. So prove my experience wrong with statistics and data (I will bet you that you cannot). I may have read that article and thought they nailed it. The people that are angry about it should feel free to take the last source code that worked for them and fork it and maintain it. Two crashes with everyone on board dying within 2 years of introduction of a new plane due to a fundamental design issue are not good results, and the opposite of planes staying in the air. Every time I get into an argument with someone pro-nuclear and bring up the costs, they always blame hippies hamstringing nuclear power with regulations. Around and around the argument goes, meanwhile solar and wind costs keep on dropping, and baseload concerns keep on fading away. Some of us learned C off of the original K&R book. Yeah, we need to believe autoimmune / long COVID sufferers first. There's a parallel here with default assumptions of sexual assault / harassment being against the victim because of the existence of some claims that were clearly manufactured. (And not entirely surprisingly the victims of autoimmune diseases tend to be disproportionately women, so there's more than just a superficial similarity here) And before 9/11 responders there was gulf-war syndrome (which never was PTSD since that group of soldiers reported much lower incidence of PTSD compared to others that fought in wars). Yeah the 737MAX should have been an entirely new airframe and not been a 737 at all. This reads a little bit like simulated annealing or basin hopping algorithms at the random initial guess part. I don't even use cruise control due to this issue. These results are completely unsurprising. This is more symptomatic of American Capitalism and its managerial class. Kill hundreds of people, get tens or hundreds of millions in parachute payments and stock and exit the company extraordinarily rich. Changing the leadership at the top of Boeing isn't going to change anything because the new leaders will be a product of the same society. This is the real fascinating thing to watch. There's more and more people who believe in this kind of nihilism that since there's corruption and bubbles in the real economy that it is entirely fiction. And that is giving rise to things like this crazy pumping of GME for the lulz. The trend seems to be that a larger fraction of people have complete disillusionment with all our institutions to the point where nothing matters. That also seems incredibly dangerous to me. By believing that institutions are meaningless and beyond reform that could lead to a much larger systemic collapse in institutions / values / etc. Nuclear is way too expensive. It'll never happen. Fukushima cost $200B to cleanup in order for it to not wind up killing anyone. > Generally speaking, the vast bulk of economic activity is value-creating. This is what is known as "rent-seeking behavior" And there's a metric fuckton of it in our economy. There's a difference between thinking that the stock market has a lot of crap in it, and feeling like the stock market is 100% crap -- so YOLO into GME and bitcoin. The latter opinion is, honestly, the kind of attitude that I think is going to lead directly to fascism. Lots of people thinking "nothing matters anymore". Yeah this is very obviously punching down on 18 year olds who have simplistic ways of expressing their politics and who don't actually have a lot of power. There isn't one efficacy number for Sinovac: “As of December 16, 2020, there were 12,396 health workers over 18 years old enrolled. A total of 253 positive cases were collected during the observation period. After 14 days following vaccination with 2 doses of vaccine following a 0, 14 day schedule, the efficacy rate against diseases caused by COVID-19 was 50.65% for all cases, 83.70% for cases requiring medical treatment, and 100.00% for hospitalized, severe, and fatal cases.” The near 100% efficacy against hospitalization and severe disease is still sufficient to end the disease burden of the pandemic. The virus may become endemic to the human race, but if the disease burden is somewhere in between the common cold and seasonal influenza then the _pandemic_ is over. The achievable goal is probably not eradication. father/son nodes were changed to parent/child long before "wokeness" or "SJWs" or even "PC" What worked for Usenet was contacting the "sysop" of the node the user was posting from, usually upenn, and getting them to have a chat with the user and/or ban them. If their admin wasn't responsive, contact the upstream of their site. Decentralized policing of users and having one responsible "moderator" per a few hundred users. Then the internet was opened for commercial use and we got Eternal September and Canter and Siegel. It is possible to be both biased and correct. https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Appeal_to_bias Well that's interesting in light of the obvious pro-nuclear bias of HN. Additionally to everything else in this thread it'd be nice to see better support for monorepos in the github UI as well. Something like the ability to have github.com/ / / /issues be a shard of all the issues for a subproject. You can do that with tagging, but that's a bit of a PITA because that's all fairly bad and unscalable of a UI. I've been teaching myself optimal control theory and rocket trajectory optimization using pontryagin's minimum principle. There's still a some quite large "...and then a miracle occurs..." gaps in my understanding, but it is coming along. Also done some work on a pseudospectral optimization engine (baby version of GPOPS) and gotten some results out of that. And I have a very small understanding of convex optimization and can at least describe one simple concrete problem that I've solved (or improved) using convex techniques. I can at least read lars blackmore's hoverslam papers and see how they could be implemented. I took a quarter of graduate level quantum in school and optimization problems involve much more voodoo. My memory for that kind of thing only goes back to around 1990 and it happened before my time. I think father/son was a 60s/70s-era-ism and it was changed 70s/80s? The 1918 pandemic didn't "go away" until 1957, it circulated as seasonal influenza. The mutation rate of this coronavirus is also 1/4 per base pair and 1/2 per whole genome of influenza. That is fairly comparable to influenza (given that viral mutation rates span many orders of magnitude they're practically the same). The variants with the mutations in spike which have higher binding affinity to ACE2 suggest that the virus also has "room to mutate". OTOH, there are 20-ish epitopes on the spike protein and would need to mutate a bunch to achieve complete immune escape. Depending on what wild-assed-guess you take as to which of those is more important you'll come up with the likelihood of if it'll mutate to achieve immune escape or not. Anyone who says they know the answer -- no matter how many degrees they have and books and papers they've published -- is lying (they may wind up being correct, but to assert they know the answer right now is a lie). Since HCoV-NL63 has been endemic to the human race for likely centuries and similarly binds ACE2 my guess is that this coronavirus will also become endemic. Given the H1N1 is now seasonal influenza and that HCoV-NL63 is a common cold coronavirus this is likely what is going to happen to SARS-CoV-2 now: https://science.sciencemag.org/content/371/6530/741 It'll come back looking more like seasonal influenza or the common cold. It won't ever come back at full strength again. We probably just get yearly shots for different strains at worst. Yeah that's what happened with the "Climategate" e-mails as well. A bunch of scientists were being attacked for political reasons and their hacked, leaked e-mails showed a certain amount of us-vs-them bunker mentality. Go figure. That was spun into a narrative about how they were conspiring to manipulate public opinion using statements pulled out of context. Fairly definitively that was always the wrong answer. In the future: 1. Most people will get SARS-CoV-2 antibodies from their mothers 2. Early life exposure will happen 3. The SARS-CoV-2 virus will be force to make expensive mutations to avoid immune escape will come at a cost to fitness. None of the conditions can be created by what you suggest. You have the problem of having the relatively most-lethal / most-transmissible version of the virus spreading unhindered in a population of >40 year olds who have no natural immunity. The "COVID party" solution maximizes the death and cost of the virus. The optimization problem of hoverslamming a rocket is something that I can fairly easily wrap my head around. Even without the advances in convex optimization of solving that problem you likely could have done it with somewhat less robust approaches. I'm pretty certain that rockets could have been landed using the engineering pieces that existed in 2001 with incremental improvements and learning (maybe not as robust so your optimizer eats a few rockets in your first 100 landings). When it comes to automated driving though you're really requiring solving entirely novel never-before-solved problems. If there is a spectrum between "found a company on doing some existing engineering twice as good" and "found a company on solving the Goldbach conjecture" then driverless cars are a bit more towards the latter than hoverslamming rockets is. This is a ranty and poor article, and I will continue to use SOLID. As with everything, just mindlessly applying the principles without consider if the resulting code is simpler/better or more complicated/worse is the wrong way to do it. The second wave of the 1918 pandemic was also more deadly to younger people. Various theories have been offered as to why, none of which are proven, including that it may have been observational errors or due to overcrowding conditions due to the war and viral dose. I wonder if it isn't due to the virus coming under pressure due to a large chunk of the population becoming immune, so evolution favors higher transmissibility. And the easy knob the virus has to increase transmissibility is to increase viral load, which has the side effect of increasing virulence/lethality. That is consistent with that fairly well studied mechanism of parasites/viruses, along with being consistent with what we're observing. At any rate considerations like that are why I'm not letting my guard down until I'm vaccinated and why it seems stupid to do so. It is still important to stop this particular strain and to achieve sufficient vaccination levels to achieve herd immunity. That immunity will likely be durable for many years (based on the somewhat recent study of HCoV-229E). That will force the virus to mutate to achieve true escape immunity (a strain, not a variant, which can reinfect everyone all over) which will likely come at a cost to fitness, since one or two mutations to spike isn't enough, and there will need to be a few tens of mutations to spike. That virus strain will not be as transmissible or virulent as what we are dealing with now, because it has had to make those costly "decisions". And this is important for people who for medical reasons cannot be vaccinate or who are at high risk even if they are vaccinated. They're much better off being infected by subsequent strains down the road than being infected with version 1.x of this virus. This is also what has been observed in the past with 1918 H1N1 which later evolved into seasonal influenza. Right now that is what is happening, but as the title shows those variants don't achieve immune escape. The sum total of mutations necessary to achieve immune escape and overcome herd immunity is a lot more likely to come at a cost to overall fitness. Also I can't guarantee that West Ham United won't win the Premier League, but the safe money is all on Man City. Paper on the possibility of mild disease endemicity: https://science.sciencemag.org/content/371/6530/741 AP coverage of that paper: https://apnews.com/article/common-cold-india-coronavirus-pan... The biggest difference between all of those and this virus is that those were leaks of already-known viruses. SARS-CoV-2 wasn't known to exist before 2019 and there's no known precursor virus. There's a somewhat closely related virus that infected the miners in Yunnan but it was only 96% similar. There's nothing at all in this article on how SARS-CoV-2 was discovered or created. The problem I have is that China isn't interested in investigating the start of the pandemic. They've thrown away their wastewater samples, there's some evidence WHO found of SARS-CoV-2 spreading locally prior to December 2019, but no backtesting of any samples. Nobody seems to be looking at the bats in Hubei for sarbecoviruses. By blocking study of the zoonotic origin of the pandemic, they can use the theory it was imported in food for domestic propaganda. For external propaganda they're happy to have conspiracy theories flying about this lab leak theory creating a "firehose of falsehoods" and distractions. They can rely on American scientists to get engaged with the conspiracy theory and debunk it, wasting their efforts and then they can use that also for domestic propaganda. Meanwhile nobody gets fucking outraged that China isn't properly investigating the origin of the virus and isn't aggressively looking at the bats in Hubei and any animal farms in the surrounding area. My suspicion is that animal farms (like minks) functioned as a bioreactor that had many opportunities to spillover from bats and then the close contact allowed it to spread well and mutate to optimize it for a more human-like ACE2 receptor, then the mink contact with humans allowed multiple spillover events until it started to spread epidemically in humans. That law doesn't exist. Mostly all the virus cares about is increased transmission, particularly with this virus with a long presymptomatic transmission period, it can evolve to become more lethal if that increases transmission. What would not be selected for would be enhanced virulence that shortens the presymptomatic transmission period. Short term the virus benefits by having higher viral loads and enhanced transmission and enhanced virulence, because it wants those higher viral loads in order to spread more. There's a limit because those higher viral loads are eventually what cause people to feel sick and stay home instead of attend superspreading events, so there's an optimum that its trying to find. As more and more people are immune though, there's probably selection pressure to make the most of whatever superspreading events occur at the expense of non-superspreading transmission. So more people get sick earlier and stay home, but the people who will try to push through a 101F fever the virus wants to have them infecting 100 people instead of 50. Long term the virus is going to evolve to become less lethal though because eventually we're going to hit herd immunity at the point where it can't evolve along the same fitness function to spread epidemically. At that point it needs to make many more mutations to all its epitopes that might be recognized by antibodies and T-cell and achieve enough immune escape to raise its R0 above 1.0 again. There's mutations which slide up and down the existing fitness curve (and some lucky mutations that might make the curve even better) but then there's mutations which are costly which are necessary due to the need for stealth and immune escape. Two different things. Also we have the example of the 1918 pandemic where the later waves were more virulent and lethal than the first wave (but much later it evolved to become seasonal influenza). Got much worse, then got better. I wonder how many of those devs use a password manager and just thought it was magic they didn't need to worry about when they were writing those kinds of forms. I assumed that kind of markup had to exist, but its not my job to do web development at all, so time being finite, I'd never seen those. But I always assumed that they'd have to exist if I ever went looking. Why do people whose job it is to know these things not bother checking? That means that mink, and particularly the practice of mink farming is likely to lead to another outbreak (or whatever the actual species is determined to be). That animal would have sufficiently similar biology to humans, including the ACE2 receptor so that zoonotic transmission could happen. Those farms would definitely need to be closed. Because the intermediate animal is likely animal farming, and they don't want to take the economic and political hit of shutting down an entire industry. We don't have the will to do that either, we still haven't shut down our mink farms. And just for domestic propaganda reasons. If it came from China they could be blamed for it, and they want to deny/deny/deny and defect blame. Serves their propaganda purposes to have people believe it was imported and generates an us-vs-them bunker narrative where the rest of the world is unfairly blaming them. That leaves their citizens questioning the rest of the world and not their own government. Implicitly though you're assuming that landlords have pricing power in this market. The reason why they have pricing power is likely due to the moratorium. People aren't being evicted so those units aren't going on the market, so supply of rentable units is being artificially suppressed. When the moratorium expires then renters will be evicted and those units will go back on the market which should drive costs down for everyone else. So they haven't posted since they started getting massive amounts of online harassment? Go figure. Alternatively, reddit knows who they are, knows that he isn't Gislaine and any burying of the story is being done to prevent online harassment. Those wildlife farms were linked to the Huanan Seafood Market which we pretty much at this point know were not the source. That was not ground zero. It is more likely that larger and more economically important fur farming or agriculturally significant animals were responsible. The articles you link to all talk about shutting down exotics (which confines the economic and political damage for China). Pretty obviously what happened is they've had incidents in the past where a blogger would publish an article on one of their employees and then redditors would start spamming that article on reddit to dox them -- in a coordinated action so the blog article was written for the purpose of doxxing the employee. So they have a bot which bans links to article which mention reddit employees by name which hands out auto-bans to prevent that behavior. What went wrong was that the code didn't have any allowance for newspaper articles, or somehow incorrectly classified that article. That problem being made more difficult because the definition of what is a "news site" or "journalist" these days is vague. This sounds like its the same category of problem that Memphis was with twitter. And its a bit odd that this technology-oriented site is getting caught up in the political outrage and entirely missing the fact that a bot did the bans and that reddit acted to revert those actions. Do we now think that programming and algorithmic bugs never happen and that the outcomes of algorithms are always deliberately premeditated actions and never unintended consequences? As someone in their 40s, someone my age shouldn't be fucking 16 year olds, much less 12 year olds. And I don't need a wall of text to support that opinion, and it doesn't matter what the law says or doesn't say. Old dudes thirsting after teenagers is at the very least just fucking embarrassing. You can doxx a reddit employee that way. The problem comes up when you've hired a politician as a reddit employee, and you're written an algorithm that only cares about if someone is a reddit employee. For a UAV hovering over the helicopter pad I would imagine that small arms would suffice. I wouldn't. > I doubt reddit bots are that thorough as to scrape through linked articles. I'll bet they are. The tactic of getting someone to make a coordinated blog post and then spamming it everywhere on reddit under the cover of "its public information now" is obvious. I'm reasonably certain that has happened to some other reddit employee in the past. That part is entirely believable. You can't. If you're notified then you need to promptly fix the issue with the complainant. When it comes to being sued for damages you can point at the the fact that there was no reasonable way for you to know that the license you trusted was invalid and at the author who was presumably negligent. If you've cooperated fully and mitigated it quickly that should protect you. Ignorance in this case is an excuse when it is reasonable and defensible ignorance, and not negligence on your part. I'm kind of surprised that nobody is talking more about this right now. Everyone with a Gemfile.lock that does a `bundle install` as part of autoscaling (without having vendored gems or a rubygems mirror which doesn't obey yanks) is now broken, potentially in production. Three responses up though someone is just suggesting that a sailor with a shotgun could take down one of the drones that was hovering close over the helipad. That negates the possibility of misidentifying a plane as a drone, or hitting anything unintended, or of any risk of taking down a plane at all. There's a wide gulf of responses between that and firing off an anti-aircraft missile in a "using a bazooka as a flyswatter" kind of application. I addressed that VERY specifically in my comment: > (without having vendored gems or a rubygems mirror which doesn't obey yanks) The problem is that the author of the gem just forced a firedrill down everyone's throats today. Doesn't matter if they wanted to or not. And in prior incidents admins who have taken the precaution of setting up rubygems mirroring and thought they were being responsible were embarrassed to discover that the gem yank was propagated to their own mirror. Which is a lack of testing, but again, those deficiencies happen, and this is really forcing a firedrill on everyone, without any notification. And the author who did the yank was likely completely unaware of the blast radius of what that action would entail. > They went to extensive lengths to set up complex filtering to suppress linking any information about this employee's background. Except they didn't. They turned on the same bots that they'd use for any internal employee who wasn't any sort of public figure. So assuming you aren't a public figure, this is the same bot that they'd deploy to prevent you from coming under fire from a doxxing campaign if you were working there. And whatever your political leanings you should imagine the worst of the opposite extreme edge of the political spectrum deciding to attack you -- possibly for entirely boston-bombing-level of fake manufactured controversy -- using blogs with hastily written posts on them to attack you to try to get around reddit banning mentions of your name. If you worked there and people decided they hated you and went after you, this is the system you'd want to have deployed to protect you. It wasn't specifically designed for this employee (in fact since it was buggy when used for this employee it was very obviously not specifically designed for this purpose). If you worked at reddit as a community manager and you were being attacked and doxxed would you not want them to go to these kinds of levels to support you? Just let the air out of the tires, simple. It is still expensive to create widely disseminated high quality productions which will consistently and reliably attract eyeballs. I can setup a website or twitter handle and get my ideas published out there, but they drown in a sea of similar opinions. I can't compete with the kind of ideological carpet bombing than Fox News, CNN or MSNBC can produce. Money and Capital can buy a much larger bullhorn, so that is what people listen to. "Furin cleavage sites naturally occur in coronaviruses" https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187350612... HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-UK1 both have them and they've likely evolved several times over in parallel evolution (or as the result of multiple infection and recombination maybe?) > came from caves 900km away The known RaTG13 sample came from caves 900km away and was 96% similar. That viruses existence does not preclude the existence of a 99% similar sarbecovirus in the bats in Hubei. Sarbecoviruses do exist in Rhinolophus bats in Hubei: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/nuccore/FJ588692 No they have allergies to the polyethylene glycol PEG compound in the lipid nanoparticles. It is also used in skin creams, toothpastes, condom lubricants and in larger quantities as a laxative. Some people are just allergic to it. That article pretty decisively refutes your idea that the furin cleavage site cannot come from evolution and implies a bioweapons research project. You can try to split hairs, but your argument is wrong. Bitcoin will have to fail and wipe out those investments first before the government is able to step in and ban it. The Ponzi bubble will need to largely pop on its own, or will need to be popped by governments other than the US. dup: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26632837 > In fact the "hick" position is the scientific one. If someone eats unrefrigerated pizza ten times without any Adverse Events, then in fact that's an experiment providing (admittedly crude) scientific data I'm going to strenuously disagree with this one. "I've done it 10 times and it has been fine for me" is the logic behind the normalization of deviance and the Shuttle disasters and (in my world) cave diving fatalities: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ljzj9Msli5o As a cave diver I also see this leading to fatalities where divers cut corners on the rules of cave diving, see no immediate consequences and continue to do so up until they wind up dead some day (there are often very binary outcomes for breaking the rules in cave diving). The author of this article does provide a fairly compelling science-based _hypothesis_ though as to why eating-8-hour-cold-pizza is safe though that goes beyond his personal experience. He does argue that the N is actually very large due to reasonable assumption that many college students do this and there is no evidence of a plague of college students in ERs. He also argues that pizza specifically should be pretty safe after 8 hours due to most of it being composed of things with longer shelf lives and tomato sauce having a low pH. That is still mostly all the kinds of rationalization that NASA did though. So those should be at least somewhat scientifically tested. A simple survey of college students could determine their practices of how often they ate morning-after pizza that had been left out, along with surveying hospitals and ERs. Then you could lab test actual cold pizzas. That would provide some better scientific basis rather than anecdote and gut checks. We all expect that if you did this that you'd find that it was substantially more safe than the expert guidelines suggest for those reasons. HOWEVER leaping all the way to "I did it 10 times and it didn't hurt me" is precisely how cave divers wind up dead. That isn't scientific at all. And in fact this article suggests a broader connection to the normalization of deviance. There are times where you can get away with it over and over again and nothing bad happens. Many other people can do so as well, because it (presumably) turns out that expert guidance in this case is way too overcautious and dont-sue-me-generalized. What this reinforces is that the normalization of deviance doesn't have any consequences because you can get away with it. And you rationalize using anecdotes as scientific evidence as you just did. That builds confidence to do it in other ways. Then one day you're in charge of the shuttle program or go cave diving and you find out why anecdotes actually aren't scientific the hard way. That does suggest why those kinds of rule are bad though. Because you find some rule like this and build up a tolerance to breaking it over and over and over again and getting away with it. Then you wind up making a category error at some point in the future and applying that logic to some other rule where you can't do that. > Besides RaTG13 and RmYN02, very recently SARS-CoV-2-related coronaviruses were isolated from two Rhinolophus shamelibats (RshSTT200 and RshSTT182). These animals were sampled in Cambodia in 2010, and samples were processed for sequencing recently.(55) The whole genome comparisons indicated that these viruses overall shared the nucleotide identity of 92.6% with SARS-CoV-2. The results suggest that the geographical distribution of SARS-CoV-2 related viruses is much wider than previously expected.(55)Another study found related viruses in Thailand, in Rhinolophus acuminatus bats, where near identical viruses were found in five animals from a single colony, suggesting a colony-specific sequence signature.(55a)The above-mentioned bat viruses differ in their ability to bind to the human ACE2 receptor from RmYN02, but both RmYN02 and RshSTT200/182 share part of the furin-cleavage site unique to SARS-CoV-2. There is evidence of recombination in the evolutionary history of these Thailand bat coronaviruses. So now there's two bat sarbecoviruses which share part of the furin cleavage site with SARS-CoV-2 and which show genetic evidence of recombination. Combined with the fact that HCoV-OC43 an HCoV-HKU1 both also have furin cleavage sites and either coronaviruses are naturally swapping genetic material via recombination or else there is parallel evolution happening due to selection for that genetic coding and its arisen multiple times naturally: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187350612... That pretty much kills the idea that the furin cleavage site "diff" between SARS-CoV-2 and RaTG13 is necessarily evidence of human laboratory experiments. Nature has apparently done that in many coronaviruses, including SARS-related ones. "...can stimulate tooth growth in mice suffering from tooth agenesis, a congenital condition." Cool story if you're a mouse suffering from tooth agenesis. Read the title again. That is impostor syndrome. OP is not reacting by wanting to do self-improvement, OP has decided their 10 year experience is a fraud and wants to quit software development. Bitcoin is like a decentralized banking system with no controls at all against a systemic bank run. No FDIC or Fed. It has been small enough that a single Billionaire could bail it out when it got into trouble. Once you hit the point where it'd take > $10B's to bail out Bitcoin it is going to unwind eventually in a bank run/panic. This time is not different, and those who fail to understand the past are doomed to repeat it. And its driven at this point by greed and "number go up". And the reason why people like it is that they put $10 USD fiat in one day and draw out $100 USD fiat some time down the road, and its that ability to extract fiat from it that it is tied to. It isn't any kind of alternative. Everyone watches how much it climbs in USD denominated terms. Nobody remembers "1 BTC = 1 BTC" even as a joke any more. Bitcoin is also extremely easy for the vast majority of the population to quit. You don't need it to buy groceries, you don't need it to pay your mortgage or your taxes. When the supply of $USD in the system goes to zero and the price collapses from a large enough height, there will not be any floor to it. If you don't understand why bitcoin isn't [workable] money then... I don't have any time for you. Use of blood donors is itself questionable and open to selection bias. Particularly if blood donors were getting free antibody testing and seeing the results, but even if they weren't. The authors seem to only have considered the demographics of the sample selection, and somewhat poorly. One quarter per base pair, one half per whole genome. The same proofreading machinery which lowers its mutation rate, though, allows recombination when multiple infection happens. I would argue that gives this coronavirus a mutational advantage over influenza making up some of the difference in base pair mutation rate: https://journals.plos.org/plospathogens/article?id=10.1371/j... The reason why we haven't seen a true escape mutation is more to do with the fact that you need mutations at up to 20 epitopes on the spike protein to collectively arise, and one mutation alone won't do it, which is likely to eventually be costly to the virus and it would prefer to maintain the same fitness levels and spread in the totally naive population (at the same time though the mutations in spike which come at a fitness advantage that have been seen are worrisome because it means the virus still has room to move on the spike protein without negatively impacting fitness). It won't encounter enough selection pressure to achieve escape mutations until you start to see >70% of the population vaxxed or recovered. Influenza itself can takes several years to mutate and come back which you can see by the waxing and waning of 2009 H1N1, which has not been epidemic every year, so we wouldn't have expected an escape mutation by now even on paper. > My biggest concern is a fixed-supply currency gives no government the ability to provide stimulus if necessary. Many advocates argue that governments shouldn't provide stimulus but history shows that's generally a terrible idea (the gold standard, for example, contributed in some ways to The Great Depression). Your concern here isn't big enough. Your implicitly assuming that it functions like Gold and/or USD in some healthy way. The biggest concern is really that it operates like a distributed wildcat banking system without any kind of FDIC or Fed backing up the currency. Once there is a panic then it will unwind with no kinds of circuit breakers in place. Everyone treats "the full faith and credit of the US government" as a joke and so think that a financial system that ignores the whole history of bank panics doesn't even need to pay lip service to those ideas and it'll be fine. Economic history shows that this will end badly for crypto -- like a law of gravity. It may also end badly for the US before too long, but everyone is due for a lesson in why those words are there for a reason. And nobody needs crypto to pay their groceries, rent, mortgage or taxes. Everyone can choose to quit crypto tomorrow and most of the population of the world won't care. It is incredibly difficult to quit the USD. Arguing about inflationary/deflationary currencies implicitly adopts the language that there's something useful there, when its just a really large distributed ponzi scheme that hasn't collapsed yet. We're transitioning to a scam/casino economy. Nobody sees any way to get ahead doing work, so they're all looking for get-rich-quick schemes. Right, I would argue there's factors that might call for a 200% correction the other direction. You just can't validate their tea leaf reading here of what are the correct set of corrections. 95% of people (which is a "vast majority") could have normal mild to moderate post-viral symptoms which go away entirely in 12 months. If 5% have long term disabilities then with something like ~100M people in the USA having been infected that would be ~5M with long term disabilities. That would be 20 times more people than were affected by Gulf War Syndrome. That amounts to a 1.5% chunk taken out of the civilian labor force participation rate. A small minority of people having serious difficulties with the virus can turn into a large medical issue when the denominator is 1/3 to 1/2 of the country getting infected. Everyone thinking like that is literally how economies collapse. Defining his behavior as something protected by the ADA is getting deep into "affluenza" territory. > But here’s the key part: “cross-react” does not mean “neutralize” and it does not mean “provide protection from”. These antibodies may or may not have been neutralizing against the other coronaviruses, but they don’t seem to have any such effect on the current one. And in keeping with that, having such cross-reactive antibodies seems to provide no protection against catching SARS-Cov2 or against being hospitalized with it if you do. There’s no difference in the infection/hospitalization rates of the people who had cross-reactive coronavirus serum antibodies ready to go versus those who didn’t. They’re basically useless. > Now, you can still make an argument that the T cell component of immunity might provide some protection after a previous coronavirus infection. The current study didn’t address this directly, but after these results, it’s at least less likely that that’s happening. The authors make a note of this, and also note that pre-existing mucosal antibodies might exert a protective effect (which this study didn’t examine, either). But prior circulating human coronavirus antibodies, even ones that can bind to the current one – those it looks like we can rule out. Which is too bad. From: https://blogs.sciencemag.org/pipeline/archives/2021/02/10/do... The title study here is nothing new, we know there's cross reactive antibodies to other coronaviruses, they're not neutralizing, the hospitalization/death rates are the same so they don't confer any protection. Nobody had any pre-existing immunity to this virus before it erupted last year (and no, the virus or variants of it were not traveling the globe months or years earlier). SARS-CoV-2 was almost certainly spreading in Wuhan in October. If your brother was there, and caught a virus, and gave it to you, and you substantially lost your sense of smell, then you should buy a lottery ticket because you were one of a small set of cryptic 2019 infections in the US (or wherever you are). I would normally kind of shit all over anyone outside of China claiming to have caught the virus in 2019, but you tick off the two boxes which are complete and total loss of smell and contact tracing to someone actually back in China. Presumably you didn't pass it on to anyone or it otherwise died out and never found a superspreader (the majority of chains of infections of SARS-CoV-2 actually die out due to the way it transmits mostly by superspreading and it can take 4+ "seeds" on average before epidemic spread kicks off in an area). We can rule out anything other than cryptic spread in the US in 2019: https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1249414291297464321.html https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMc2008646 The viruses going around 19/20 winter in WA included all kinds of non-flu viruses. The rapid flu test also suffers from the same 50% false negative rate that the rapid COVID test suffers from. The politicians are bought off by the large corporations. Its not like the corporations haven't been using their financial influence, particularly after Citizen's United, to influence the rules. > Once it again becomes beneficial for your career and/or social life to participate in office culture people will come crawling back. Half of us are introverts and don't care about that. We're either self-directed enough that doesn't matter, or else we just sacrifice that already. superspreading is probably a mix of biology and behavior and we don't even know what the biology is. You may want to read that study closer. Most of it is finding cross reactive antibodies, which as the title study here indicates we know isn't indication of prior SARS-CoV-2 infection. Specifically this paragraph: > In order to better characterize the specimens that were reactive on the pan-Ig ELISA containing whole SARS-CoV-2 spike protein as the capture antigen, and distinguish these from cross-reactivity to common coronaviruses, additional, more specific SARS-CoV-2 testing was performed. The S1 subunit has been reported to be a more specific antigen for SARS-CoV-2 serologic diagnosis than the whole S protein [23]. Furthermore, in recent studies, sera from patients with confirmed human coronavirus infection only contained SARS-CoV-2 S protein–specific IgG antibodies and did not contain IgM or IgA antibodies; neutralizing activity in these sera was found to target only the S2 portion of the spike protein [23, 24]. Therefore, the presence of IgM or IgA antibodies and S1-specific binding activity may distinguish antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 from antibodies to human common coronaviruses [23, 24]. In the present study, 84 of 90 (>93%) reactive sera had neutralizing activity against SARS-CoV-2 virus, 39 (44.3%) had both IgG and IgM SARS-CoV-2 S protein–specific antibodies, 2 (2.2%) sera had surrogate neutralization activities, and 1 of 90 (1.1%) had SARS-CoV-2 S1-specific Ig. Collectively, these data suggest that at least some of the reactive blood donor sera could be due to prior SARS-CoV-2 infection. One serum sample, collected on 10 January 2020 in Connecticut, demonstrated a neutralization titer of 320, a signal-to-threshold ratio of 6.75, and 70% inhibition activity by surrogate neutralization activity, but was Ortho S1 nonreactive. These data indicate that this donation was likely from an individual with a past or active SARS-CoV-2 infection. They found maybe two good signals for SARS-CoV-2 infection, with only one in Jan 2020 that really passes the test for definitively being SARS-CoV-2 infection. The neutralizing titers were in the total absence of IgG/IgM SARS-CoV-2 S-protein specific antibodies, which can be cross reactivity to antibodies against other coronaviruses. The fact that they were neutralizing against SARS-CoV-2 though in vitro doesn't necessarily confer actual protection as was seen in the study that Derek Lowe cites. That study is still consistent with not knowing of any SARS-CoV-2 infections in the USA in 2019 and there being nothing possible other than cryptic spread. That's the point. At the time it was very significant results, just like this one. Turned out someone hadn't plugged a piece of equipment in right and it was very precisely measuring that flaw in the experiment. You can't look at any 8 sigma result and just state that it must necessarily be true. Your theory may be flawed or you may not understand your experiment and you just have highly precise data as to how you've messed something else up. I still don't want my music player listening to my conversations or using my mic at all. And one bit can turn into 4 which can turn into streaming all my conversations to a cloud service to analyze them when management and developers turn over at a company. Nope. I believe in outcomes not freedoms. Wage a war on drugs and you get violence and overdoses. Ban abortions and you get them done in back alleys. Enforce vaccinations and you save thousands of lives. One of these things is not like the others. If you survived the virus, you should easily survive the vaccine, particularly the mRNA ones. You already know that you tolerate virus mRNA and the S-protein being in your body just fine. The lipid nanoparticle poses incredibly little risk to you unless you happen to be allergic to PEG. You also have no idea of how well you're maintaining antibodies to the virus, or if you can contract and transmit a current or future variant. Here I am having used shells and vi for ~30 years and enjoying learning to use Rider as an IDE... Depends on if you think of functional notation or matrix operators and linear algebra first. There's also dirac bra-ket notation from QM. I tend to reach for the latter two more than the former. Particularly in this case O^2 = O makes more sense to me than f(f(x)) = f(x). And I just naturally think about A B - B A = 0 rather than f(g(x)) - g(f(x)) = 0 for commutativity. Declarative idempotency is even better. #1 : collect the state the "user" (might be you) desires the system to be in. #2 : collect the state the system is actually in. #3 : compare #1 to #2 and see if you're already there and if you are, you're done. #4 : if they differ, then do the work once to fix them. #5 : bonus: go collect the system state again and send it out to report on what changed > The virus does have an inexplicable feature: a so-called “furin cleavage site” in the spike protein that helps SARS-CoV-2 pry its way into human cells. While such sites are present in some coronaviruses, they haven’t been found in any of SARS-CoV-2’s closest known relatives. This is false. First of all it should be stated clearer that there has been parallel evolution across several branches of coronaviruses which have independently evolved a furin cleavage site (so there is evolutionary pressure and advantage for coronaviruses to follow this path): https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187350612... And then the statement is just wrong. The related sarbecoviruses found in Thailand have similar furin cleavage sites: > The RacCS203 S gene is most similar to that of RmYN02 (Supplementary Fig. 3a). The two viruses shared part of the furin cleavage site unique to SARS-CoV-2 (Supplementary Fig. 3b) and have an almost identical RBD aa sequence with only two residue differences out of 204 aa residues https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-021-21240-1 All of this can be explained by a real simple alternative hypothesis. Farmed animals like minks and racoon dogs were kept in cramped breeding conditions. Rhinopholous bats infected with sarbecoviruses are also present in Hubei. Those bats probably roosted above the animal pens and shit down on the animals below for years. The animals would periodically become infected. Eventually through mutation or recombination a strain became epidemic in the animals and evolved to be successful in a very closely related ACE2 receptor to humans. Then you had a large bioreactor which spread the virus doing "gain of function". Eventually it swapped backwards and forward from humans to those animals until it acquired the ability to spread epidemically in humans in late 2019. That process absolutely could have evolved a furin cleavage site, or it may have simply been present in the bat version of the virus (like the RacCS203 sample from Thai bats). Recombination with human HCoVs may have also happened in this process where the intermediate animal coronavirus infected a worker who also had a cold. When you read last year about the Danish mink farms with millions of mink being infected with SARS-CoV-2 you should realize that is a much better bioreactor to do natural "gain of function" experiments in than any BSL lab in the world has. Something like that, with a similar species, is likely how the virus hopped from bats to humans. This actually better explains all of the suspect features of SARS-CoV-2 than a BSL program does. Bitcoin and all of crypto, in its entirety, is a Ponzi. It is backed by the same USD that Bitcoin fans claim is worthless, yet they price it in USD and extract USD from it to buy things. Eventually one day the USD supplies will get dangerously low and there will be a systemic bank run and it will collapse. It came dangerously close in 2018. The tide will eventually go out again. Two economic laws of gravity: wildcat banking systems always fail, and it is never different this time. There's a finite amount of money going into it, there are finite drains coming out of it. Once it hits a point where the pot of money drains to zero it'll pop just like a Ponzi. The people who extracted money early will wind up net positive, the people who did not will wind up seeing it all lost. That's a Ponzi. Arguing about it is splitting hairs and missing the forest for the trees. The claim is being made that no other alternative hypothesis exists which can explain the features of the virus, so it must have come from a BSL lab. This is an alternative hypothesis which is simpler and less convoluted and does, in fact, completely undermine the "it can't be anything other than bioweapons research" argument. You're aiming your criticism at the wrong end of the argument. Amazon certainly did DR tests like that, shutting down entire datacenters, back before AWS had AZs. Jesse Robbins used to run them. Once a small tornado from a Hurricane remnant (2005 or 2006 season) took out power completely to one of the smaller east coast datacenters. There's an implicit assumption here that everyone is "doing a bad job" because of "perverse incentives". But I'd argue that most 'computer nerds' have pretty deeply seated perfectionism flaws. To take a simplified example, we tend to want perfect security, and like to prove that we're smarter than each other by understanding complicated attacks. When it comes to running a business, though, a 10 person startup cannot afford to act like their threat model includes defending from hostile nation state actors willing to do Stuxnet-levels of effort to hack them. If they do that much work on security their product will never get off the ground. The goal of most companies when it comes to security is never to have perfect security, but to have good enough security to stay out of the headlines. It is like tradeoffs that have evolved in nature. You don't see organisms that maximize one feature at the expense of everything else. That energy always needs to go into competing concerns. So sometimes as technical people we fetishize the perfect solution to some problem in the Enterprise, when actually doing that solution would be horrible for the Enterprise due to the costs. (Of course the flip side is sometimes management only cares about window dressing the company so they can bailout with some golden parachutes and that has nothing to do with running a healthy company -- but not every example of a company not being perfect is due to deeply cynical and perverse incentives like that, but may be entirely rational). This is the right wing losing control of the far right wing. Sounds a bit more like you may have dyscalculia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dyscalculia I think what the prior poster was describing is more what I have which I've taken to calling "having shit memory". Can't remember numbers or names, can't learn foreign languages well at all. Had trouble in elementary school with doing multiplication tables fast because I couldn't memorize 7s and 8s, so I'd solve 8x8 by doing 6x6=36 (easy) and then 36+6+6+8+8 to complete the square. I can teach myself optimal control theory, but my speed and accuracy at arithmetic is just getting worse as i can use google as a calculator. I did fine in physics and math courses in college because you can use calculators, and because I always picked the easy questions first, and then ran the answers back through to prove they were right in order to find sign errors and such. That's easy because its just P(x)^Y. So with a fair coin its just powers of two so 4 in a row is 1/16, which is... 0.125/2 or 0.050 + 0.025/2 or 0.0625... That's fairly easy because those kinds of numbers are very recognizable. 1/16th is also between 1/10th and 1/20th so the answer better be between 0.05 and .10 as well. Kind of simple but 125/2 I have to break up a bit to do it, I don't know it lightning fast, although I very much recognize it after I'm done. And yeah, I don't really have ADHD and don't have dyscalculia. You said you have ADHD and sounded like you were describing dyscalculia. Alternatively, now literally any normal fuck up at Natanz can be played off as a cyber hack for political points, and everyone unquestionably assumes that is plausible. Your monthly HackerNews reminder that machine epsilon is a thing. There was also the problem that analyzing the experimental results are complex to analyze and beyond any one expert. The results need a team to analyze them, and probably a team to properly review the papers. One thing I'd have HN consider though is that the peer review process was never intended as a sufficiently strong filter to ensure that bad science was never published in the first place. The point is to get it such that it isn't wasting everyone's time to read it and try to figure out how to attack it and rebut it. The whole broader community of science is supposed to participate in the scientific process, which is what seems to be happening here. Journals and the peer review process also shouldn't be the sole gatekeeper of the truth either, they do make mistakes in the other direction, rejecting papers incorrectly: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi%27s_interaction > so it's fair to say that the risk will likely grow beyond that. not really. that's not how statistics work. it could grow, it could shrink. Everyone is the world is either going to be exposed to the spike mRNA from the vaccines or the virus. Pointless FUD to worry about that or even bring it up. The US economy is led by people who mostly look to create window dressing on profits in order to bail out with a large parachute. And the increasing economic inequality means that attempts to stabilize our economy are captured mostly by the rich, leading to asset bubbles. The asset bubbles means that those in the shrinking middle class are being squeezed out of housing, and with the markets now all serving the upper class and permanently in bubble territory everyone is just chasing after lottery tickets in the economy. Doing a good job and running a company well are naviely old-fashioned values. Everyone just needs to get rich from crypto and that'll save us... Everyone is also very concerned about everyone else's echo chambers and confirmation bias but never their own. The problem is that the economy is being driven by rent seeking behavior and cantillion effects. This is great for the elites, but at the same time they can see how the ground is starting to crumble. As "the plebs" start to gamble they're working to blame any future collapse on the irresponsibility of the crowd. Shrinking responsibility for the fact that this is the system that they have lobbied for and created and the plebs are behaving rationally irrational. That study says that if you replaced 100% of the power generation of the United States with wind farms concentrated in the middle 1/3rd of the country that it would create localized 0.50C rise in SURFACE temperatures at the wind farms and 0.24C rise in SURFACE temperatures across the whole USA. The authors note very clearly that isn't a global rise in temperature and would be offset by the effects of GHG reduction. Furthermore the wind farm cost is "one time". The effects of GHGs are cumulative. See: https://climatefeedback.org/claimreview/false-claim-wind-tur... Housing prices spiraling out of control, bubbles in the stock market and crypto, this crazy V-L recovery we just had out of the covid recession, insane art prices, bubbles in baseball cards, the declining tax burden on the wealthy. The people who are rich and "close to the king" are able to capture all the effects of monetary stimulus. That is leading to asset bubbles and dramatic increases in prices of the things those people throw their money at. The housing prices that are spiraling out of control are those which are being driven up by the increasing wealth of the upper-1% to 10%. The price of housing in Krupp, WA isn't inflating at all. The price of housing where software developers and people in finance and business and industry, and the places where people like to buy second homes is inflating. And it is just supply and demand, and you've addressed supply but what is driving so much demand, and why do participants in that market have so much more money to be bidding up prices. And looking at inflation in different targets of money is something that economists do all the time when they divide inflation up between CPI and core CPI ex-volatile commodities. This is just looking at the things that rich people buy and the inflation in those things versus the inflation in the broader economy. We know the rich are getting richer, the gini coefficient keeps on getting more skewed, and the things that rich people buy are getting more and more expensive. You can't call this "inflation" though because economists object because they invented that term and they'd prefer to call it asset bubbles. But cantillon effects describes it a bit better. They're capturing more of the gold and prices are rising in the things that they use it on creating skewed effects in the rise of prices in the economy. Your argument is a bit of a mess though. It is easier to argue that the bitcoin energy expenditure should be turned off. That would lower energy demand and prices and we're now in a regime where that makes running carbon-burning plants less attractive and they'd get turned off while any renewables that bitcoin is using would become available. And if I could snap my fingers and replace all the GHGs with wind I would and I wouldn't care about your concerns. And you're trying to argue that I can't make that comparison but I absolutely am. The issues you're bringing up aren't 1% of the problem that we have with GHGs so worrying about perfect renewable energy or overall dropping demand is so much less right now than worrying about getting off GHGs. The localized 0.5C surface warming of wind in that paper just isn't worth talking about at this point. But it isn't totally perfect! Surely you must agree? No. I. Do. Not. Care. About. Perfection. > Money only works because we all agree to believe in it. The major popular currencies are very sticky and very difficult to stop believing in them. Whatever you might think about the US declining compared to China and other issues, there's still a $21T economy with the economic activity of 330M people behind it. And if you're doing business in this country the US government will demand that you pay your taxes in USD. There's a lot more inertia in the USD than people into crypto give it credit for. Everyone in the country could, in theory, wake up tomorrow and all decide to use something different, but in reality that won't happen. Crypto can (and most likely will) crash hard and while its getting big enough now that the damage will likely ripple through the economy a bit, but the US economy will go on. And I'd strongly recommend Galbraith: https://www.amazon.com/Money-Whence-Came-Where-Went/dp/06911... https://www.amazon.com/History-Financial-Euphoria-Penguin-Bu... https://www.amazon.com/Great-Crash-1929-Kenneth-Galbraith/dp... > "You are an IBM employee 100% of the time". That would instantly make me start to execute on becoming an IBM employee 0% of my time. Eventually there will be a variant which spreads epidemically in even a fully vaccinated population. But such an complete escape mutation is likely to come at a cost to fitness for the virus so it will be less transmissible and virulent. And in vaccinated individuals they will still have cross-reactive immune responses. The 1918 H1N1 pandemic just evolved into seasonal influenza (or co-evolved with the human immune system). In 1957 the H1N1 virus left the human race and was displaced by H2N2. It mutated in pigs for 50 years, then the H1 protein came back in the 2009 triple reassortment pandemic. That pandemic had minimal impact though because people who were exposed to H1N1 before 1957 still had partial immunity through cross reactive T-cells to the H1 envelope protein -- even after it had evolved in pigs for 50 years. Immunity is very non-binary. There is "survivor island style immunity" which is sterilizing immunity that prevents an individual from being infected. But there's a lot of partial immunity that just takes the edge off the disease, even though the virus may still spread epidemically. Yeah, but that has nothing to do with the European Super League proposal which incorporated none of that. And I doubt you'd get those kinds of rules and still have pro/rel. Ultimately investors don't want that fair of a playing field. And pro/rel in Europe is brilliant if you get past the very top of the table. If all you care about is "who wins the league/cup" every year it may become boring, but the best games in the UK can be the lower league playoffs to see who goes up. There's a constant refreshment of new teams getting promoted which changes the league every year. We've most likely already won the arms race against this virus. I'll take a variant booster if I'm offered one, but in a population where 60%-70% of the population is vaccinated and a good chunk of the rest have natural immunity I doubt any of the existing variants can spread. And if it does spread it is only a matter of time before there's enough immunity to push R0 below zero for all the existing variants. An actual immune-escaping variant is going to have to do more than just a few mutations and will have to substantially change along 20 or so different epitopes of the spike protein, which will almost certainly come at a cost to fitness. It probably will eventually do that and it'll become endemic, but won't be anywhere near as transmissible or virulent as it has been. This is exactly how I wanted federated auth to work. Everyone would have their own DNS domain (this was in a science fiction reality where DNSSec was very secure). That DNS domain would be exposed by their firewall, it would serve a single static domain. Something like MX records would be setup for simple auth services and one-time payment transactions. So when I needed to login to a site instead of talking to facebook, the site would talk to the root servers which would hook them up with my domain on my router. The for a credit card transaction I could authz a transaction between the remote website, my router with my information and the credit card payment provider, so that the website never saw any details. This would be wrapped with a service so that the home user never hand managed their DNS zone similarly to the way NAS appliances often run linux and NFS without people needing to poke into it. But it needs to not be written by a FAANG company and needs to piggyback on open standards. Maybe DNS isn't the exact right tool, but it needs to look something very much like that with a hierarchy of open registrars. OpenID is kind of close to the start of that, but I don't like the way it piggybacks on e-mail addresses and I think it needs to be its own thing and simpler to manage. The simplest explanation is that the seroprevalence data was badly collected and analyzed. Selection effects could have favored participants that wanted to know if they had been infected or otherwise biased the sample. Adjustment for sampling effects could have led researchers to arbitrarily increase their estimates of seroprevalence (which certainly happened in the studies in Brazil claiming they had hit herd immunity). And then antibody tests which aren't specific and cross react with other coronaviruses could have further inflated the data. And then 20% is just not enough, particularly with variants that have higher R0 values and more transmissibility. The thing I hate the most is click on some link in HN or reddit and getting the mobile site. Just make that go away, please. We do this with rubocop and its ability to parse the ruby AST. The API to actually write rules in rubocop is not particularly the best, but it has been highly successful in codebase and domain-specific ruby linting and autofixing. I honestly don't understand why this headline is at all counterintuitive. People are currently unhappy because of the pandemic, and people can point at that and understand that there's an exogenous cause right in all of our faces causing the problem and everyone is affected. People are much more likely to commit suicide when they just believe that everyone else is doing fine and they're the only ones whose lives are shit. > as long as you’ve got a capable team looking after it who chooses standard and robust software. And cheap. If you put people in charge who are looking for ways of expanding their empire and budget through spending money on EMC/VMWare/Oracle/etc/etc then you can quickly wind up spending a lot more money. Simplistic network designs, simplistic server designs, simplistic storage designs with mostly open source software used everywhere can be highly competitive with Cloud services. Mostly all that Amazon did to create AWS/EC2 was to fire anyone who said words like SAN or EMC and do everything very cheaply using open source software, and evolved away from Enterprise vendors and towards commodity hardware. If you make "frugality" a core competency in your datacenter design like Amazon did, then you can easily beat the cloud. You also need to have [dev]ops people who are inclined to say "yes" to the business and who know how to debug things and can operate independently of needing to phone up EMC. Yeah away teams not under the emotional pressure of the crowds may keep their cool better and not cross the line into getting cards. You'd need some objective way to determine if fouls deserved or didn't deserve a yellow card and be able to show that the same fouls were still being committed, but the refs were judging them differently. If you narrowly focus on the words outside of the context of what "SAN" has meant in the industry for decades now, yes it is. But no, it isn't. I've been a vim print debuggerer for like 30 years, and last year picked up writing C# in an IDE (Rider) and its been quite nice really. You can say the same about massive corporations as well, and every other day we hear about someone banned from FAANG companies and losing their livelihoods without any recourse other than trying to raise a stink on social media. > you can't just ramp up the supply of it. nothing stopping demand from collapsing in a panic Not how a panic works. Markets have too many positive feedback loops and they overshoot. And since bitcoin is actually backed by currency once it is all drained in a panic then it goes down the drain. Pretty sure that the floating origin moves with the craft now every frame. The entire universe also orbits around the craft when it is below the inverse rotation altitude threshold, which means that PhysX is doing physics in the co-rotating reference frame. That means that the "First point of Ares" -- normally (1,0,0) -- rotates around the z-axis as the craft moves and you have to query Planitarium.right to determine what its current orientation is. That means that tick-to-tick coordinates change, which makes trajectory optimization hard because values in the future won't match at all. You have to remove that rotation to get something like actual inertial coordinates (after also removing the offset origin to the vessel as well). They've also recently fixed issues with single precision calculation in KSP1 and used a double-precision QuaternionD.LookRotation in the maneuver nodes to keep interplanetary trajectories from hopping around a lot. [ oh it also uses left handed coordinates, which is terrible which means (0,1,0) is the north pole and the left handed cross product gets used so dual vectors like angular momentum point south for east-going orbits -- except the Orbit class uses normal right handed vectors and when you forget to .xzy swizzle a vector for one reason or another you can wind up debugging an issue all day long ] There's I think 5 different ways to handle rendering of orbits once the vessel goes through an SOI that KSP supports. Believe in the tutorial it teaches you that you can do that (or at least it did). I suspect the orbit of the Mun is not placed by accident. Bitcoin is fractional reserve. There isn't $982B in currency backing it. If everyone tries to sell at the same time it'll collapse after $10B or so leaves. Prior collapses have been from small enough heights that individual Billionnaires like Jack Ma have been able to rescue it. At some point its going to hit a crash where a billion here or there won't be enough to bail it out when it goes down. > One worry is that if a vaccine allows for transmission but doesn't generate anything when it comes to effects from the virus That isn't a real worry, that is a science-fiction worry. Viral load, transmissibility and virulence are fairly tightly coupled and they will definitely not come fully uncoupled like that. > By far, the most widely studied trade-off involves transmission and virulence (Anderson and May, 1982; Frank, 1996; Alizon et al. 2009). Transmission and virulence are linked by within-host replication: increasing parasite abundance increases the likelihood of transmission, but also increases the likelihood of host death; mathematically, this assumption can be formalized by making transmission rate β an increasing function of parasite-induced mortality rate ν. Nearly all of the literature we summarize below assumes this trade-off. https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/parasitology/article... Anderson, R. M. and May, R. M. (1982). Coevolution of hosts and parasites. Parasitology 85(Pt 2), 411–426. Frank, S. A. (1996). Models of parasite virulence. Quarterly Review of Biology 71, 37–78. Alizon, S., Hurford, A., Mideo, N. and Van Baalen, M. (2009). Virulence evolution and the trade-off hypothesis: history, current state of affairs and the future. Journal of Evolutionary Biology 22, 245–259. They have a nasty problem of behaving completely amorally until someone points it out. They've been paying rent on their offices the whole time. If they went permanent WFH they could sell/lease those spaces and probably save billions. Not to mention the cost all the employees have to endure for traveling to work, wear on vehicles, gas, repairs, collisions, insurance, medical payouts due to car accidents, etc. Plus just generally the externalities of higher carbon emissions. Is your washroom breeding bolsheviks? The bullies at the top are getting worried that people are standing up to them. For floating point math is this why I see "/2" written as "*0.5" all the time, and is that really necessary and can't compilers figure that out? That makes sense. I typically have to worry about larger relative tolerances anyway so I think I can start using that trick. Really we need to end office work to do something about climate change and out of control housing prices anywhere close to an urban center. "Well lets go back to destroying the environment and making cities unlivably expensive, because I need to be forced to have 40+ hours a week of socialization" Not to mention it is all open plan offices that everyone is so desperate to get back to. I love the short term thinking here. They won't immediately abandon ship once we force them back to the salt mines, so there's no problem. Even if they come back if the resent the company for economically forcing them back that isn't a good situation for morale or productivity or retention. That is only likely to happen with housing (although not for the past 30 years in anywhere remotely desirable), and the tax breaks on moving your primary residence pretty much address that. > You can use short-living branches to avoid repetitive merge of master > No, this doesn't work. It does if you have very few developers, each working on individual branches. But when multiple developers are working on multiple-feature branches together, that doesn't scale. We encourage backporting master often into your branch to limit the risk of conflicts, and stay on top of the latest changes. For example, we continuously update dependencies. We also merge and ship on average 10 times a day. Those are development branches that should be treated like master/main and developers should be writing short feature branches which are merged into those branches. And in the simplest case when you start work on N+1 then that becomes your main branch, and you fork off the stable N branch. Both of those are treated the same and devs should do PRs into them. Those PRs should ideally be simple things that are easy to review which should be single commits. This enables squash+rebase on those daily private branches. You can also fork off a nuclear reactor branch which is long-lived, occasionally merge back from the main branch and then merge into main later. I'd discourage that since you have the issues of merging and porting, potentially both ways. But again you shouldn't have devs directly committing to that branch and then pushing, they should be opening PRs of their work into it, when its merged, then other devs can pull that branch and rebase their local work on top of it. I've helped out individual devs with commits on top of their feature branches from time-to-time, but I consider that they've got the ultimate "write lock" on those branches. Typically as a result of actually chatting with them in zoom sometimes it might be faster to just push a commit with the work. But once that is done, its their private branch again, and I expect them to rebase and for me to have to deal with that if I look at it again. EDIT: Also the long-lived feature branches are going to be impossible to adequately review when it is time to merge them back into main. That code review needs to be happening all along the way if that is your process. You can't adequately review 4 months of work by several devs once at the end of it all. They need to be doing that the whole time. That calls for a branch they're doing their own PRs and code review into. I still tend to think that this can most easily be explained by the fact that India hadn't been hit hard up until now and that a lot of people started to believe magical theories about how they were immune, and now we're just seeing the virus ripping through high population density cities and overwhelming the health care system. If you want to talk about variants, though, then there's a couple of things to consider. The first is that the "avirulence" theory that pathogens evolve to become less virulent over time was pretty decisively falsified in the 90s, so forget everything you think you know about that idea being true. There is a fairly well-studied tradeoff which has replaced that between transmission, virulence and in-host viral replication. That doesn't suggest the direction of evolution though. However, there have been studies of incomplete vaccination and immunity which suggests that it actually works to increase selection pressure for higher transmission variants and for virulence. This intuitively makes sense since as, say, half the population has immunity that increases the pressure on the virus to increase its fundamental transmissibility since an R0 of 3.0 will no longer be anywhere near as effective -- and the mechanism to do so is to just increase viral load and thereby increase virulence and kill more infected. And this may have been observed in 1918 with the more lethal later waves of the pandemic which affected younger people. That virus later evolved into seasonal influenza, probably as a result of widespread immunity producing pressure for immune escape variants which came at an overall cost to fitness by mutating all the epitopes on the surface proteins so that it could re-infect already immune individuals. That will probably happen here as well, there'll be a limit to how virulent and transmissibile this virus can get and it'll have to start making costlier immune escaping mutations eventually -- but in the short term I wouldn't be too surprised if we start to see a lot of dead younger people in third world nations that don't have as much access to vaccines going forward. But at any rate, none of this particularly matters. The lesson is still all the same which is to lockdown and avoid catching and spreading the virus until you have a chance to get vaccinated. Which is what it has been all along. People still try to argue with the virus and engage in magical thinking about how certain populations have magical immunity to it, but that continues to keep getting falsified. India most likely just got lucky that they didn't get hit early, then the prior wave they had was their "seeding" wave which was likely just tamped down by people voluntarily taking precautions. Then based on their success everyone dropped their guard and thought it would all be over in 2021 and the virus just took advantage of that. People in the US who are vaccine-hesitant should also consider that if they've managed to not catch it so far and develop any immunity that you really want to avoid rolling the dice with later versions of the virus. Also it should be noted that while the virus kills a lot more people over 80 that the doubling rate of fatalities is every 8 years of age while the doubling rate of hospitalization is only ever 15 years -- so a 40 year old person is 32 times less likely to die than an 80 year old, but they're only 6 times less likely to be hospitalized (although it falls off a cliff once people get under-20 and the very young are much less likely to be hospitalized). The way that American culture is so focused on our mortality to the exclusion of all other outcomes means that we're heavily discounting the possibility that we could survive the virus but be physically crippled by it. > "Virulence evolution and the trade-off hypothesis: history, current state of affairs and the future." > https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/j.1420-9101... > "The Origin and Virulence of the 1918 “Spanish” Influenza Virus" > https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2720273/ I tend to not write documentation because with a massively understaffed team it is futile. If we had 10 devs working on this project we could all spend a month focusing on docs and significantly move the needle. Right now I'd have to slave away for 10 months to get the same amount done on the docs backlog. So it doesn't happen, because I want to write code and not docs all day long. When I look at the many person-years of backlog of documentation that needs to get done I just get demoralized and that makes me not care about any of it. Want more documentation? Hire more devs. And putting barriers in the way so that I can't code without docs just pisses me off when I'm demoralized. Make it take twice as long to code anything and I'm definitely thinking about looking for other work. Dynamic linkers aren't really dynamic enough. If I don't use any features that require libbz2 or whatever a piece of software shouldn't complain if libbz2 isn't there on the system. If I add it to the system I should be able to use those features without recompiling and relinking everything. Half of the features of autoconf such as "is this library with this method signature available?" should be moved into the dynamic linker. Software would need to be rewritten to be more lazy and modular, but it'd make dynamic shared libraries actually dynamic. Having to make all those decisions at compile time instead of run time isn't very dynamic. The vaccine causes a relatively tiny amount of spike to be produced compared with a raging infection. A little bit of spike trains your body to identify it and neutralize it. A whole lot of spike is toxic to your organs and damages them. To downregulate ACE2 you need a whole lot of receptor activation and a lot of ligands floating around in your system binding to it to cause that. The dose of spike protein matters. The rate of MIS-C in children is on the order of 1 in 20,000. So acute myocarditis (which goes away and does not produce lasting damage) at that level is entirely an acceptable risk. You're under the impression that either the vaccine must be perfectly safe and/or that the disease is perfectly safe for young people. Both of which are false. The MIS-C rate is 1-in-12,500 per the CDC: https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/69/wr/mm6932e3.htm?s_cid=mm... 1-in-3 hospitalizations require admittance to the ICU. The study you cite is total incidence. > if B.1.1.7 is less lethal, why would the transmissibility play in? Transmissibility, viral load and virulence should all be correlated. Alizon, S., Hurford, A., Mideo, N. and Van Baalen, M. (2009). Virulence evolution and the trade-off hypothesis: history, current state of affairs and the future. Journal of Evolutionary Biology 22, 245–259. https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/j.1420-9101... When you read stories that a particular variant increases one or two of those three and not the other, you should treat it skeptically. All three should tend to move together. B.1.1.7 is most likely more lethal, any studies contradicting that are probably not picking appropriate controls to compare against (e.g. the most vulnerable sub-populations of demographic slices having been already hit by old school D614G, so lethality appearing to fall no matter what). Only 1 out of 3-4 infections are confirmed. That would increase the actual number of infections to 30%-40% which is in-line with having at least 1 in 4 children having been infected. Current total incidence is the wrong metric to use since tht will increase over time. Not using vaccines would mean 3x or so more infections before some level of herd immunity was reached. It would also give the virus another 3x the number of die rolls towards mutating as well, with pressure to increase transmissibility which should come with an increase in virulence. And my 1-in-12,500 numbers were before the virus started to mutate to increase transmissibility/virulence. Those numbers will probably drop. Nuclear isn't cheap. Molten salt thorium reactors are seriously not cheap, and if you can handle molten salt that well, you can use it to store solar power and release it later and solve the intermittency problem. 0.2% of the surface area of land on the planet, when covered in solar panels would produce enough energy to power the entire planet. Didn't we already know this after a few days/weeks of the accident? The kind of analysis here might be new, but is it actually providing more data? And is it possible that the accuracy of this method has been improved by the developer knowing what the correct answer needed to be beforehand? That isn't what is happening, and it says right in the article that this is a commodities boom. Those are absolutely cyclical and act as a brake on the economy similar to rising interest rates. They don't runaway. I swear everyone has turned into a 2003-era Gold Bug blogger and sees Zimbabwe everywhere. Eventually the average person and the average business gets overleveraged and spending contracts, then the bubble pops and deflation rips through the economy again. What we're seeing here is a lot of pent up demand due to the pandemic being unleashed. This is not runaway hyperinflation. And eventually bitcoin is going to pop and Millennials that have been using a basketfull of cryptocurrencies as their retirement 401(k) are going to be desperate for cash. Housing, Health Care and Education as profit seeking enterprises seem to expand to the point where they confiscate all the wealth of the average person. So we work in order to feed those enterprises. That kind of "inflation" is driven by the necessity of the product. There's also another kind of inflation which comes from the 1% having too much wealth and the shift in the Gini coefficient. That makes all the things that wealthy people buy much more expensive and leads to asset bubbles. So Housing (again) along with stocks, bonds (driving the evaporation of risk premiums), the whole financial sector and art and baseball cards. The US media also just likes to try to protect the emotions of the consumer. Some of the articles I've read of scuba diving accidents in the Mexican press are very NSFW by contrast and they'll just show you a dead guy in a wetsuit. In fact a lot of lifeleak content comes from new stories in other countries. Most Americans don't want to think about death and their own mortality or anyone else's mortality and want NSFW warnings splashed over anything remotely unsettling. Can we just finally make a law to ban companies acting like assholes? The steady drip drip drip every single day of these companies affecting our lives is mentally toxic. One $200,000,000,000 death. Why did this get so highly upvoted when it is just a mashmash of nonsense? Back to the salt mines, slaves. The 'S' in MSG is 'Sodium'. If you're limiting salt due to high blood pressure, you also have to avoid MSG (according to NIH and AHA) > "Furin cleavage sites naturally occur in coronaviruses" > https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S187350612... They exist in the human HCoV-HKU1, HCoV-OC43, MERS-CoV and appear to have evolved independently at least 6 times in betacoronaviruses. Furthermore while this article claims that the furin cleavage site has not found in any sarbecoviruses, that is now outdated information: > "Evidence for SARS-CoV-2 related coronaviruses circulating in bats and pangolins in Southeast Asia" > https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7873279/ Both RacCS203 (91.5% similar to SARS-CoV-2) and RmYN02 (93.3% similar to SARS-CoV-2) have furin cleavage sites. So we're up to 7-to-9 times now that evolution has evolved a furin cleavage site in betacoronaviruses, including 3 sarbecoviruses that may or may not be directly related. The whole "furin cleavage site is an indication of human engineering" argument is just falsified at this point. > Every other theory requires involving many more unsupported hypotheses. No it doesn't. All it takes is bats around farmed animals like minks or raccoon dogs. That sets up a natural "gain of function" experiment with the bats passing viruses off to the farmed animals who pass it sequentially through the entire farm. The humans who work at those farms then bring in human coronaviruses which could have recombined with the viruses in the farm. You have large bioreactors doing gain of function experiments all over China right out in plain view, with Charles Darwin overseeing the lab work. The most straightforward explanation is that factory farming of animals provided natural bioreactors to execute "gain of function experiments" where bats gave the animals viruses which eventually jumped to humans. What China and the CCP wants though is to have this debate centered around if it was lab produced or not. They can rely on western scientists to debunk the lab created hypothesis. That leaves their own theories about it originated in Italy as the standing theory for their own domestic consumption. And that avoids looking at their animal farming practices and keeps them from having to crack down on that whole economy, which would be highly disruptive. And this keeps factory farming conveniently entirely off the radar as a cause of this pandemic. The next pandemic could easily be a virus that hops to humans from pigs or chickens in the USA. All the yelling both ways about lab origins is a very effective smokescreen to avoid doing anything to prevent a future pandemic. NOTHING will happen to prevent future pandemics over yelling about lab causes other than making some people in America very, very angry about China. What we should be doing is thinking about factory farming practices and reducing our diet of meat and animal products. This would mean that we might have to admit that the insufferable vegans were right all along, and then change our own behavior -- so its much easier to just get super angry at China. firefox + facebook container The IHME has been wildly wrong yet highly cited for over a year now. I've still got screencaps of their models that predict around 90,000 total deaths in the USA by the end of 2020. They were lifting a sigmoid curve off of China's numbers and applying it to the United States entirely blindly. It didn't even predict the shape of the decline off the first peak correctly since it was implicitly assuming the US would take similar steps to China (martial law) and drive the R0 down to 0.4 or so. Yeah I was struck by how fucking insane people got on the roads shortly after the pandemic struck. You'd think people would chill out because the roads were practically empty, but I guess pandemic stress combined with the immediate rage of "the roads are empty and this asshole camper is only doing 75 mph in left lane" leading to absolute lunacy at very high speeds. Normal levels of rush hour traffic around here mean nobody can do more than 50 mph at best with an average speed closer to 35, which probably keeps the deaths down. I'd love to never touch facebook again, but my 80 year old mother uses it and won't give it up because its how she stays in touch with all her friends, and I'm kind of stuck with using it to communicate with her. I also suspect that through browser fingerprinting that facebook can track everyone across the web anyway, particularly people who run a lot of customization on their desktop (O/S, graphics card, fonts, config settings, etc) that shows up in the fingerprint. If you're visiting sites which cause you to make requests to facebook servers you're leaking information to them, even if you've deleted your facebook account (and they can probably still track who you are). > The species of bats allegedly involved are not near Wuhan. This is incorrect. Bat (Rhinolophus) sarbecoviruses have been isolated and sequenced in Hubei: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/nuccore/DQ648856 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/nuccore/DQ648857 The closest KNOWN bat sarbecovirus was found in Yunnan, but it was only 96% identical. That doesn't preclude the actual 98-99% identical progenitor virus of SARS-CoV-2 from living in Hubei. Rhinolophus bats are all over southern China, and neighboring countries with a very wide range, and the all carry SARS-CoV-like viruses. Also nothing precludes the species jump from bats to farmed animals happening in Yunnan and then infected animals being transported to farms in Hubei. I also never mentioned pangolins or wet markets because we know at this point that neither of those are related. The animals to focus on would be minks and other mustelids or raccoon dogs or other farmed animals. And we already know that SARS-CoV-1 likely originated in bats in Yunnan (where the "WIV1" coronavirus was found) while the leap to humans from an intermediate animal is thought to have happened in Guangdong. Again we have here a problem of "how did the virus in Yunnan jump to people 700+ miles away?" but in the SARS-CoV-1 case there's no weapons laboratory distraction. It happened back then with SARS-CoV-1 so therefore any objections you can have about coronavirus jumping species and geography is just falsified. It is unlikely clearly or this would just happen every other year. Wuhan is the capital of Hubei and is going to attract the surrounding area (if a virus jumped to humans in Sidney, NY it would probably be detected in NYC). Distance from Yunnan will also be a factor and the virus jumping to humans from Yunnan to cities anywhere in the north will be much less likely. A proper model would look the migration of people and animals between different cities and provinces in China. And again there's the SARS-CoV-1 where bat viruses in Yunnan jumped to people in Guangdong, 700+ miles away. And you'd have to look at the whole population around Wuhan where it is the closest major city (and Wuhan itself is the largest major city in central China, which makes it comparable to massive cities like NYC). The probability is likely closer to 10%, and SARS-CoV-1 already lost that die roll and wound up in Guangdong. This time you rolled and got a 10% result. That isn't very unsurprising. Your p value is not significant. And, yeah, I don't think that they've done everything they can to survey broadly. The studies that they've done tend to collect a bunch of bats from a particular cave and sequence the viruses in them and then draw broad conclusions about the whole province. There's only two sarbecoviruses sequences they've found in Hubei. I'd be much more comfortable with statements that SARS-CoV-2-like sarbecoviruses aren't found in Hubei if they'd sequenced 100 of them. EDIT: Yeah so Wuhan is 6% of the population of all cities in China of roughly its size. But Shanghai is father away so its 24M should be weighted less, so with Tianjin and Nanjing. Beijing is way further away and its weighting should be fairly negligible. Chengdu and Chongqing are slightly closer. Of the top 10 Guangzhou and Shenzhen are both similarly close and in Guangdong where the SARS-CoV-1 spillover happened. My 10% gut estimate still looks pretty good -- "pick a random top 20 city in China somewhat near Yunnan where the bats are" and Wuhan is not that improbable at all. Yes, the thing I'm most pissed off at China about are the destruction of samples and the lack of investigation towards finding intermediate animals. And we know that we didn't detect the virus early, it didn't originate in the wet market event. That market event was just big enough right in the middle of Wuhan so it made it unmistakable. The only way you get that high of an affinity is through serial passage through actual humans, not through the lab. And this should not be that surprising since we know that it takes several months for the virus to spread before it starts to cause massive numbers of deaths, the IFR is actually low compared to SARS-1 and MERS, and it tends to spread asymptomatically and undetected. We know pretty much for certain now that it was spreading cyrptically in the area around Wuhan in Nov, and I would bet that the zoonotic jump was Oct or earlier. And that is also why I suspect an intermediate animal with a more similar ACE2 to humans like minks being involved. So serial passage through one of those animals to get it close, followed by serial passage through humans to refine it. Has China bothered seriously looking for that, or are they happy to distract by pointing the finger at Italy and making the argument over lab escape? I keep reading reports that China conveniently threw away all their wastewater samples and respiratory samples. I don't see much of an effort towards studying their farm animals or tracking down the bat origins. There just hasn't been that much of an investigation. China seems to have done enough to provide an air of cooperation with WHO, while not producing anything solid. For their domestic consumption they've also accomplished their propaganda goals. The global scientific community (outside of fringe articles like here) has generally dismissed the idea that it came from a lab, which China can amplify in front of its population. Then they just muddy the waters with the idea that it came in frozen seafood from Italy and they can move on. There's no incentive to investigating the zoonotic orgins. And its the same thing here in reverse. Politically we just get articles like this to get people very made at China over the lab release hypothesis, which deflects from our own pandemic response. Politically there seems to be very little will on the planet towards finding a zoonotic source.