I was the one who came up with the "Neo900" name and I can say that the inspiration was from Neo1973 and Neo Freerunner names. As OpenPhoenux, Neo900's umbrella project, has Openmoko roots, and given that "neo" means "new", it seemed pretty natural to name the "new N900" as "Neo900". Maemo is run by community, Nokia abbandoned it completely some time ago. a) The only "hackable" baseband processor that matches what you wrote is TI Calypso, and it doesn't support anything more than basic GPRS speeds. All other modems are locked with crypto keys (TI Calypso also had this ability, but for some strange reason it went out of factory with security checks disabled - that's why its the only modem OsmocomBB works on) From Neo900 project there are plans to support "special orders" from people who want to mount TI Calypso on their PCB instead of standard modem. There was already at least one such request. b) Even if there would be some new project for creating "free modem", replacing a firmware in such device means losing certification, which means that device is no longer legal to operate on public networks. inb4 "I don't live in USA, your silly laws don't apply to me" - no, their don't, but similar regulations are present on nearly any place on Earth. Uhm, ad-hoc? Same. >We are simulated. Actually there is a way to tell if the world you're living in is not a simulation. Our world fails this test. What's the deal with this game anyway? It's nothing new, I was playing games based on exactly the same, pretty popular idea, years ago. What's all the fuss about? I started to read that article on a browser without NoScript installed. It reminded me why I love it so much. If you describe something as "a content site", then implementing it as "single-page app" is ridiculous by definition. Content site is not app. Single-page app frameworks are for apps, not for content sites. Kinda similar in its spirit - here's my curses based adaptation for any vt100-compatible terminal: https://github.com/dos1/flasciibird $20000 out of $40000 and 8 days left... hopefully he'll manage to raise it all. I played it soon after the demo was released and it got me super excited. Feels like Portal - when in some vlog entry the author admited to be a big fan of Portal series I wasn't surprised ;) Facebook at least allows an easy opt-out. Bitcoin is not and never was anonymous. It's pseudonymous by design. Given the state of legal regulations in most of countries in the world, you're probably waiting for some revolution. It's practically impossible to legally use the freedoms given to you by such free modem firmware (theoretically you could send it to certification each time you do something with it). Neo900 project realized that (and the lack of resources to build the modern modem at all - the needed amount is enormous), so instead of trying to make free baseband and failing inevitably, it's going to include some kind of "sandbox" allowing for tight monitoring of everything the modem does. I've got 16384 tile. I have a strange feeling that I might be doing something wrong... >PhoneBloks >product PhoneBloks was just a "product" of designer's imagination, nothing more. All he did was to think about "LEGO-phone" and make a catchy animation describing the idea - the idea that wasn't even unique or new, as similar ones (together with 3D-printed or homemade cases, which were later actually realized) were already appearing few years ago on Openmoko mailing lists triggered by GTA04 motherboard upgrade for Neo Freerunner. Looks exactly like "shallow" mode of BlessN900 app for Nokia N900 from few years ago. It's funny to see how most of the "innovations" in mobile world presented today either by Apple or Google was already implemented on open or semi-open platforms like Openmoko or Maemo few years before. Most of them only as experiments, granted, but still shows what the community is capable of on its own when not putting unnecessary restrictions on it. Well, the only "new approach" I can see here is letting the user decide which part of image should be sharp. BlessN900 camera app for Nokia N900 was doing exactly what this new app does few years ago, but it was choosing the focus point automatically. They can use Nokia brand only for few years, they don't have rights for it. It was known right from the beginning of this selling story that Nokia brand will disappear from mobile devices industry. Only the remaining parts of Nokia, not sold to Microsoft (part working on localization services etc.), will be able to continue to use this name. They have to, they didn't get this brand. They've just got rights to use it for few years together with mobile devices part of Nokia. ...and about anyone not "a US resident with a US shipping address"? :P There are lots of them. Just look at what GTA04 and Neo900 are using (Option and Cinterion). Such project can't accept closed baseband being highly integrated with main CPU and RAM like most of modern smartphones do, so they use ready 3G/LTE modules to move it out as a USB peripheral in CPU perspective. http://neo900.org/ NetBSD and FreeBSD were already ported to Neo Freerunner few years ago, and you actually don't have to start the graphics layer on any OS. You can also already use whatever programming language you like, it runs just a standard operating systems like your desktop do, just compiled to different cpu arch (arm). If there's any BSD running on OMAP3 boards like BeagleBoard, then running it on Neo900 will be trivial and you can do it by yourself. Any documentation needed for more specific support will be public, so you can do that by yourself as well. also, Openmoko is long in the past. Long live OpenPhoenux! :) RPi doesn't allow you to use your own bootloader. You cannot even start it without closed blob, so it's in contradiction to your previous requirements. Neo900 probably won't come with any OS preinstalled, maybe except some Debian based BSP which you'll be encouraged to replace with OS of your choice, as it won't be supposed to be actively used - it will be there for easy testing if all hardware works as it should. It is a small project with very small target audience (currently about 350), so it won't be built to shelf, as there's simply not enough money to do that; therefore if you eventually want it you should express your interest now by donating at least 100 EUR, so you'll be counted on component sourcing. Donation will act as a rebate on the price of the device when it's out (in few months). More details: http://neo900.org/#donate Where to buy? Straight from its manufacturer, of course. There's also GTA04 - http://gta04.org/ - which is already out for few years, but now it's unfortunately hardly obtainable and it seems like there's not enough interest from customers to do next production batch (well, most of potential customers probably were stolen by Neo900 :P). Neo900 is based on GTA04 and produced by the same company. And of course there's also old good Openmoko Neo Freerunner, which despite of being massively underpowered, meets all requirements you mentioned. It should be still available at some retailers, like Golden Delicious Computers, Pulster or IDA Systems. Also, you might want to look at MIPS-based Qi-Hardware Ben NanoNote. It's not a phone, but it also meets your requirements and it's available (though supplies seem to be near end, so you better hurry if you decide that you want it. AFAIK Pulster and IDA Systems still have it, but you can count remaining units with hand). I don't know if someone launched any BSD on it, but I can't see why it shouldn't be possible. So, to make it clear, every device I mentioned so far in all my comments, except Neo900, already went on sale. With Neo900 it's a matter of few months. From future devices also worth noting, there's DragonBox Pyra, an OpenPandora successor, which will also provide optional modem (the same like in Neo900 btw - those two are actually sister projects, sharing some developers). The only thing Raspberry Pi is better than any of those devices is price, but when you'll count money and time spent on making Raspberry Pi an acceptable option when operating on battery, this probably won't be true anymore. >(because that's all that exists) Well, that's not true. Neo Freerunner and GTA04 both exist and Neo900 will soon join them. None of them needs any bizzare "rooting" and if you want to port some OS to them you're ready to go. All you need to have that's not openly available to everyone for free is a device. Of course they all have some flaws, but as a consumer you do have a choice. Also, GTA04 and Neo900 should both be perfectly capable to run Firefox OS. Work on this UI started long before Chrome. That's Chrome that looks like Firefox mockups, not the other way. Actually, after trying NoScript not long ago my web experience dramatically improved. Where I need to enable JS I can do it in two clicks, while where I don't have to, everything is faster and not cluttered with useless stuff. I like it! AdBlock slows down the browser. I recommend Privoxy. I'm often using different browsers on different devices and only some of them have NoScript installed, and from my experience I can tell that usually if something doesn't work without JS, it's perfectly visible that it's broken until you whitelist it. I can also tell via tiny toolbar that something is blocked on the site, so if it doesn't include lots of analytics or social media cruft then I usually just unblock it on any pages that focus on useful content. Before I actually installed it, I had the same concerns like you described, but the reality showed that it's moot, and the advantages were even higher than expected, so I sticked with NoScript :) My Dell Vostro 2520 seems to match all those requirements, but I added SSD by myself. Of course Openmoko. I'm using Openmoko Neo Freerunner, but often also carry Nokia N900, which is nicer for web browsing and writing thanks to hw keyboard. I'm looking forward to replace them both with Neo900. And what's more - modem often has full access to the main RAM without CPU control. It has the ability to read or even manipulate every bit of any executable or data you run on CPU without you knowing anything about it. And even if someone doesn't care about NSA and stuff, modem firmwares are often ridiculously buggy and easy to exploit, so go figure... While producing free radio chip is practically impossible due to both economical and legal reasons (the closest you can get to it is OsmocomBB running on old 2G TI Calypso modem, and the only reason it exists is that TI Calypso has mysteriously disabled checking of firmware signature even thought the functionality for it is present...), there are devices that mitigate the risks by connecting the modem as a "slave" (for instance via USB - this might impact the performance and battery life, as CPU is busy copying data from/to the modem, but it's way more safe than DMA access) or even implement "modem firewalls" that monitor any modem activity and alarm if it does something when it wasn't supposed to do it. Neo900 ( http://neo900.org/ ) is such project and soon there should be a longer article about this modem firewall solution published. That's why there are devices like Neo900, where technically you're a software vendor - just like on your PC. Firefox OS has exactly the same problem that Android has. Android is open and free and all, but most of the devices out there don't give the user this freedom at all. Firefox OS has exactly the same problem - Mozilla does not enforce by any way that the officially branded FxOS implementation should be open. Most of FxOS phones to date, maybe except Geeksphone, are simply closed and need some ridiculous rooting or unlocking in order to just reflash them with newer version of FxOS. Just look at GTA04/Neo900 (and possibly Freerunner too, but it would probably be massively underpowered) - you could run both Android (Replicant) and Firefox OS there without using any single line of closed source line - but that doesn't represent the usual customer experience for Android and FxOS branded phones. So where's the difference? Just like in any 3G USB dongle you attach to your PC (in fact, Neo900's modem operates in exactly the same way). For something as close to "free baseband" as possible, get a Neo Freerunner (or some other phone with TI Calypso) and install OsmocomBB - however, you won't be allowed to use it legally on public networks in most of jurisdictions in the world. There's a closed-source firmware running on your PC mainboard, HDD/SSD/SD card, mouse, keyboard, GPU, Ethernet card... All of it can be rather nefarious. Get rid of the PC? (or simply use phones which connect their modems as a peripherals and implement monitoring, like Neo900, not as a master with DMA as most phones today do) You would still have to trust the manufacturer that it didn't implement fake reporting of well-known signature while in fact using something different. Pointless. That's what you get when using a platform that's not developer, but app store customer friendly. Without breaking into your own device you can't do much with it, so it's hardly a surprise. ZTE Open is as closed and undocumented as your typical Android phone. Dunno about Open C, but I wouldn't expect it to be any different. The whole freesmartphone.org middleware was initially implemented in Python and there is bunch of Python apps in distros like SHR. Python is great for mobile when it comes to hacking on-the-fly - I actually traced down and fixed few bugs in early Openmoko while getting bored in tram etc. thanks to the most useful parts being implemented in Python. Unfortunately, on Freerunner the difference in performance was very visible - however it shouldn't be as bad on more recent hardware. When I don't want to tinker with my Debian anymore, I just stop doing it and things work the way I left them. That's the main beauty of good Linux distros that keeps me so attached to them - I always can play with stuff, but I don't have to. And when I want to, it's much better choice than OS X for that. That's kinda sad. It always was an issue and still will be for a long time. Neo900 project takes another way to neutralize the modem - by sandboxing and monitoring its activity. This alone probably makes it much more secure and privacy-friendly than Blackphone. Since I've installed NoScript and started using it in similar way as parent described, my web browsing experience improved a lot. Now I only need something similar and easy to use for mobile browsers. It's an example UUID from Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_unique_identifier You can still talk about some project from the past. If you never had any hobbyist pet-project (during studying? while learning first language(s)? before getting a job?), then it's quite likely that you're not the person the author is looking for, no matter if you have or don't have time for a hobby now. Some Adobe Air apps, like the one to fill the tax forms in Poland, require Adobe Reader for form support. EFF already offers such stickers: https://supporters.eff.org/shop/laptop-camera-cover-set Maybe the part with absurd answers could make some sense if done properly (however, mastering the usage of absurd is not easy - there's a thin line between being intriguing and pathetic), but if someone would use this "telling the story" questions during the conversation with me I'd just be annoyed - especially if that would be a stranger. That's some meaningless stuff where you don't even have any slightest idea of where to start when answering, unless you go into absurd as well, which may or may not be the way to go depending on your mood, person you're talking to, etc. "(specially those don't even bother to look at you when you are talking)" I often look mostly at the floor or at the sky when listening or talking to someone. It usually helps me to concentrate on the content of the conversation - and I noticed that I do that during the most engaging and interesting rather than the most boring ones. "I have no idea, give me a few hours to think about it" :P So the schools are discovering that iPads are a toys rather than work devices? What a surprise! Notice how all those teachers were "at first disappointed that they weren't getting an iPad". Really? If you choose the tool based only on its coolness factor, you'll hardly get the right one, especially for education. It's funny how clueless comments here are focused almost entirely on the matter of non-triviality, which is completely unrelated to the point of this project. Triviality heuristics are in fact only an implementation detail, something made to make the usage of this extension a bit more bearable. It could be completely missing and the gist of this extension would still be preserved - that is, ensuring that no proprietary code gets executed in the browser. And how would you define the "non-triviality" of JS code? Actually, you can omit that completely. This extension does not need any triviality heuristics to do what it is meant to do. If it does it - it does it only to make life of its users a bit easier. It's not about blocking non-trivial scripts. It's about allowing trivial scripts even if they're not explicitly marked as free. Great. But why are you saying this in thread about something completely unrelated? It's hardly "redoing an existing project". It's about giving user control on what he/she executes on his/her machine. It's just NoScript with automatic whitelisting of free software, nothing more. Are you forced to install this extension? If I'm an abstainer and I refuse to go drinking to a friend, does it mean I'm infringing his freedom to take me drinking, or would he infringe my freedom if he would keep bothering me about that against my will? It's my freedom to say no. I won't use this extension, as I don't really mind non-free JS code being executed by my browser (aka I don't mind some beer from time to time), but I fully support and understand people who develop and use it. There's simply no other way to use the web and not use non-free software, aside of disabling JS completely. That's why triviality heuristics are there. This article is already a few years old, GIMP uses GEGL for a lot more stuff now than it did at the time this was written. Amazing. About that mesmerizing signal: just take a look at the pop music industry. Neo900 http://neo900.org/ will be able to detect such things as well. Uhm... > Updated: $Date: 2012/08/22 01:51:19 $ No, it doesn't. A homepage with a loader that obstructs the content (which doesn't need JS to be usable) and won't hide unless JavaScript is enabled... Nice start. It's rather "Lennart Poettering on how communities react to him". He's very controversial person and it's not like he didn't earned that title by himself. Of course stuff like death threats cannot and shouldn't be justified in any way (however, they're not uncommon in any large community when dealing with highly controversial topics), but things like petitions are just hyperbolic opinions on Poettering's work and on how it affects all of us. Poettering is no longer mere "technical guy" from "technical community". He's more like political figure, and political figures have to deal with various political reactions. There are always extremes like that, even when dealing with the most innocent topics you could imagine. People can even react similarly with death threats over a change in cartoon TV show that they didn't like. In any sufficiently large community you will find some small percentage of such people, it's nothing exclusive to init systems or even tech as a whole. And it's absolutely not "Poettering is a prominent, controversial person, therefore it's OK"! It's never OK. It's rather "Poettering is a prominent, controversial person, so he should be at least prepared for that and not act like he's surprised". No. It's not about how Twitter, Facebook and Google can track users. It's about how you can use LinkedIn to track users. It's just a bit heavy on Firefox compared to GIFs, but works. Yeah, especially if everything what he wrote there was like that bitcoin hitman stuff, which turned out to be just a line like "maybe we should start btc fund?" from IRC written after someone else complained about issue with systemd by guy known from his funny trolling there - and absolutely nothing more than that. While at first I felt a bit sorry for him when I read that post, after I learned about what exactly was that "hitman threat" I lost any remaining respect to Poettering. That's just grabbing attention and playing victim. He deserves negative response for that. Better finally port FxOS to truly free mobile platforms, like GTA04! Since when is Raspberry Pi "mostly free"? My one lays right now next to me and it still cannot even boot its CPU without non-free firmware. Recently (during last two weeks or so) a lot of such suspicious traffic started appearing in Google Analytics as various versions of Internet Explorer, not only 7. We were forced to filter out IE completely to just calculate stuff like conversion rate. Great that legitimate traffic from IE was negligible anyway, but who knows how much of this traffic is still hiding there as some other browsers? Thankfully, as far as I know we don't do any retargeting campaigns right now (but I think we did in the past, and we were targeted by those IE7 bots in July as well), but it's still awful PITA to deal with it in analytics data. So, I'm seconding your comment completely. 𝕴 𝖋𝖊𝖊𝖑 𝖆 𝖓𝖊𝖜 𝖛𝖎𝖗𝖆𝖑 𝖙𝖍𝖎𝖓𝖌 𝖔𝖓 𝖘𝖔𝖈𝖎𝖆𝖑 𝖒𝖊𝖉𝖎𝖆 𝖈𝖔𝖒𝖎𝖓𝖌. How long till afl-fuzz reaches consciousness? All right! To the Chron-O-John! Old monochrome reflective LCDs used that, but smartphones and tablets are almost always using transmitive screens with backlight (sometimes transflective, like on Nokia N900, but reflective properties are only usable in very bright sunlight). Kindle Paperwhite however has 100% reflective e-ink screen plus set of LCDs that shine through the light guide layer above the screen. Some people think that makes it better than transmissive LCDs - that's why using Kindle Paperwhite instead of iPad in this test would be much more insightful, as sleep-disturbing properties of transmissive, blue-tinted LCDs are nothing that wasn't known before. >I do wish it could turn off completely, however. You can "jailbreak" it and simply control it via standard LED sysfs interface. >I would love to see an N900/950 modernization just for the ability to run actual linux on the phone to serve as a toolkit. That's what Neo900 is. All privacy-wise "features" are just a side effects of designing it properly (as in: treating blackboxes as blackboxes instead of explicitely giving them full control over user OS, controlling what data the baseband has access to etc.). There are some additional measures like power switches, monitors, breakers - but those are pretty cheap to put in. Nothing will reboot "every time there is some BS signal on the same frequency or the modem decides to wake up or hop channels on it's own". The point of Neo900's monitoring is to let the user access to information that modem is doing something. Of course if you really want to, you can then setup your software to automatically reboot (or power cycle the modem alone) - but outside of very special use cases, that would be pretty pointless. If you don't care, you simply don't use that data. >But if anyone thinks that any device they can hack together will give them any level of privacy over organizations like the NSA is living in la-la land... Neo900 won't magically protect you from anything - no device will. Instead, it gives you tools which, when used properly, can allow you to fight off some of the mass surveillance techniques. Like encryption, which is pretty much rendered moot in most of modern phones where the modem has direct RAM access. Keep in mind however that when you are an explicit target of some three letter agencies, they can probably employ better and more effective methods against you than sniffing on your mobile phone. tl;dr: Neo900's privacy solutions are rather targeted towards Stallman, not Snowden or some intelligence agent from foreign country. There's also a recording from the presentation. That was my first "big" talk in English and it's sometimes hard to listen to, but maybe someone will find it useful :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahPFCFooBv0&list=PL-s0IumBit... I hate capacitive screens. They're great for tablets, but overly limiting on phones with small screens - especially "hacker-oriented" ones. I used to code using on-screen keyboard with fingernails on my old Neo Freerunner. It maybe wasn't the greatest programming experience ever, but it worked for me and I had some great debugging sessions while in tram :) I can't imagine doing that if Freerunner had capacitive screen - even if there wouldn't be a bezel around the screen anymore. People seem to hate resistive screens based on their experiences with poor ones (which is understandable, as most of them are pretty poor). However, a good one is a real pleasure to use, and I find the one used in N900 a good one. If you donate at least 100 euros, you can be sure that there will be a device produced for you (it's built to order, not to shelf). Also, this amount you pay now will already count to the final price, so if you donate 100 EUR now, you'll pay 100 EUR less when finally ordering the ready device. http://neo900.org/faq Why for? It won't change anything. On OnePlus the modem is tightly integrated with the rest of the system, and on Nexus 4 you cannot even boot Android to any usable state without proprietary blobs, so forget about any non-Android based OS (remember that Ubuntu for mobiles is just a chroot-like layer on top of Android base system). The same drawbacks? Let's see: * "only 256MiB RAM" - Neo900 has 4 times more. * "no BT 4.0" - WG7351-00 has BT 4.0 support. * "no LTE" - you can choose PLS8 modem with LTE. * "no proper USB OTG" - Neo900 has it, plus even internal USB pins for homemade mods. * "no gyro" - Neo900 has one. * "no compass" - Neo900 has one. 512MB flash comes together with RAM package, and it's actually nice to have just for better Maemo/N900 compatibility. There's no reason why you couldn't boot OS from eMMC, which will for sure be at least 32GB. Actually, if you plan to tinker a lot with the phone, I'd recommend having some sort of rescue OS in flash, and your own OS of choice on the first partition of eMMC. 1080p movie may be a bit tough to play on this SoC, right. 720p however should be fine, and I hardly see the point of going 1080p with 800x480 screen. BPP and SoC are connected only via USB, audio codec and some GPIOs. It's pretty much as separated as it can be - maybe except using serial line instead of USB. "They've could went with decent hardware and still probably charge as half as much." Of course - if we could produce number of units with a bit more zeros at its end, it would be very cheap. You haven't discovered anything special here - it's just standard economy of scale. With our current scale, any "modern" design would either cost ten times more, or wouldn't be possible to build at all due to lack of available components to buy in such low amounts. As an option, no. It's too big change, it would basically be a different product. Also, being able to base the design on already working and tested GTA04 was a major point when we evaluated feasibility of the project at its start. As an upgrade option later - possibly. After all, OpenPandora's Pyra is like our "sister project", sharing some of the developers. Making an OMAP5 upgrade board based on experience and knowledge acquired while working on Pyra shouldn't be that hard. Bug: On Nokia N900's MicroB browser on each step forward or backward it jumps over one question, effectively skipping half of them in total. I'm aware that it's a really old engine (from somewhere around Firefox 3.5 times), but it sounds like something trivial to fix. What's so important or unusual about the age of the author? It still feels strange to me. Makes him sound like some kind of exception, genius of his age or whatever - even if it's not intentional. Maybe that's just me considering it perfectly natural, given that just a few years ago at age 17 I've been already working on large portion of GNU/Linux distro for Openmoko phones and I knew a lot of people at the same age doing lots of other cool and meaningful stuff. I haven't really noticed that "cultural narrative" you're talking about. If it was 7 or 10, I'd be impressed. At 17, most of people are already capable enough to both learn how to write browser extensions and to care about politics, so he could be 27 or 37 and it wouldn't make a big difference to me :P ...and I'd actually say that for programmers the percentage of people who were young gamers is lower that for the rest of the population (or at least their gaming looked a bit different, focused on different genres etc.). Wow, so this is what's newsworthy these days? I had three exams this week that seemed "impossible", more are coming, where should I write to? The most important info is missing: does it still require a non-free blob to even just boot Linux? If only uploading the proprietary GPU firmware wasn't necessary to just launch the CPU, even at the cost of 3D acceleration and stuff like that, I'd be happy with it. It may even have reflashable closed blob inside - I know RMS wouldn't be happy with that, but I would. RasPi 1, however, required the user to provide a non-free blob on SD card, which is what I'm extremely unhappy with. They're not required, but (thankfully) we're not required to use hardware from vendors that don't do that. Beaglebone can be at least booted without non-free blobs, so it can be 100% free if you don't need to use 3D acceleration. Raspberry Pi cannot - even now with free GPU drivers, you still cannot get Linux working without providing non-free firmware blob to it first. Buy Openmoko Neo Freerunner for a fully free smartphone, or some old Motorola listed on http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/wiki/Hardware/Phones for a free dumbphone. Keep in mind however that using OsmocomBB based phone on public network without proper permission is illegal. http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/wiki/LegalAspects Also, just to state the obvious, OsmocomBB is limited to Calypso, which is limited to 2G. Implementing 3G is more complicated than 2G by an order of magnitude (and OsmocommBB is still far from having their 2G support complete). Plus Calypso is one of the only baseband processors out there that accepts unsigned firmware (which is exactly why it's OsmocomBB's target) and 3G on Calypso is not possible. TI Calypso, with OsmocomBB[1]. Haven't you seen the link you're commenting under? :P [1] of course all feature and legal restrictions apply, so don't get too excited about "yay free baseband finally!". It's a amazing research project nevertheless, which together with OpenBSC already gave us incredible insights on GSM security. All hail Harald Welte! \o/ Alternatively you can go the Neo900 route, where the baseband processor is in fact a separate USB module which can be separately turned off - just placed on the same PCB. http://neo900.org/ More about feasibility of a "OSS phone with no backdoors" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahPFCFooBv0&list=PL-s0IumBit... Well, I see the work being made on it by myself and already watched similar project (GTA04) reaching its goals. Plus that's me who you can blame personally for any delay with the Neo900 website content or newsletters... ;P (and if you find linked talk hard to listen, you can blame me for that as well ;]) Neo900 has been announced at the moment when all interested parties agreed on "it seems feasible, let's do it". There was no prior investment, the development could start only after raising funds. It simply takes time - especially when organizational burden turned out to be a bit more challenging than initially assumed. All of Goldelico customers who paid for GTA04 already received one long time ago. I don't count latest fundraiser for its new revision[1], since it will be fully refunded if not enough people will preorder to actually produce a new batch. Also, Goldelico is "just" a contractor doing work for Neo900 UG, which is the actual entity running the Neo900 project. But I think we're getting a bit off-topic here. #neo900 on freenode might be a better place for that ;) [1] http://shop.goldelico.com/wiki.php?page=GTA04A5 Already mentioned it two times here :) You can, however, use the monitor mode without transmitting anything. Original Raspberry Pi needs user to provide non-free firmware blobs on SD card to even boot the CPU. That's pretty non-free in any meaning I can imagine. It seems like it's still the case with Raspberry Pi 2. >In light of I see what you did there! Try mdbus2 - https://github.com/freesmartphone/mdbus - it's also in Debian/Ubuntu repos. It's a little tool that works really well with dbus services that properly implement introspection. We used it extensively on Openmoko phones to play with our middleware (or when GUI was broken ;) ) Unstable was always a rolling release, it gets just frozen for some time before each stable release because the process of getting a package in testing requires it to be in unstable first. I don't doubt. Firefox with hundreds of tabs works well with 4GB RAM, and somewhat bearable on 2GB, with occasional restart once per week or so to clean it up. On the other hand, I wasn't able to use Chrome the same way I use Firefox on PC with 8GB RAM. > giving every piece of information a URL Wasn't that supposed to be the whole purpose of URL? So doesn't that also apply to the whole simulated universe as well? If you don't have memory or any other way to link your actual "live" with previous ones, how does the situation where "conciousness" travels between bodies and does not actually differ? What identifies a consciousness A that was in the body X and traveled now to the body Y? How is it different from consciousness B that used to be in the body P and now lives in the body Q? How can you actually link them like that if there's no difference between them, so swapping those two consciousnesses between bodies Y and Q won't make any difference? You said that "it would be unethical to create a simulation in which the simulated beings were sophisticated enough to be self-aware and capable of significant suffering", but it applies also to having children, so you clarified that the creator has to have a "reason to believe there was a sufficient likelihood of a sufficiently negative outcome" for it to be unethical. So if the creator of the universe doesn't have such reason, your original assumption is not valid anymore, making it perfectly ethical to create a simulation of universe as long as you believe that the net outcome will be positive. BTW, given that it's GGJ game, there should be source code somewhere available (all Global Game Jam entries have to provide source code and all assets on CC BY-NC-SA or compatible license). Wow, what a news! It's a mystery for me how people can come to conclusions like that this late. I haven't bought any subsidized phone for like ten years. I understand that with CDMA careers it might be hard, but with GSM? There's no excuse. How does it compare to GNU social/StatusNet? 5 is IMO nothing else than nitpicking. 2 and 4 (and maybe 6) might have some importance in real life, while others are easy and kinda expected (although comma operator in 8 might not be known to less experienced programmers). I can't really see the point of this article other than "hey, do you remember that there is a concept called undefined behavior in C?". So from now on we should call every structure which is implemented inside library, compiler or JIT using a pointer, a "pointer"? > In computer science, a pointer is a programming language object, whose value refers to (or "points to") another value stored elsewhere in the computer memory using its address. You have your answer here. In JavaScript ("programming language"), v ("object") has a value of JavaScript structure called object. Internal representation of v sure does use a pointer, but from JavaScript perspective, it surely is NOT a pointer. If you get the value of v in JavaScript, you don't get memory address ("value [that] refers to (or "points to") another value stored elsewhere in the computer memory using its address") - you get the object itself. That's what references do, not pointers. About breaking backward compatibility - they mentioned at ng-conf an interesting thing today: you'll be able to partially migrate from Angular 1.x to Angular 2 in both ways - having either Angular 1.x app with some Angular 2 components, or Angular 2 app with some Angular 1.x components. https://www.youtube.com/watch?list=PLOETEcp3DkCoNnlhE-7fovYv... It's still there and still will be in Angular 2. I guess you could kill with vaccine if you really wanted to, and you can have sex using torture device if you're into that kind of stuff. Even if there's PIN on SIM, tracker must be able to unlock it, and given that GSM module is a pretty common one operated via AT commands over serial line you can easily get it from there. Openmoko Neo Freerunner. Might fall a bit outside of "modern" category though (and of course, operating GSM baseband processor with altered firmware on public networks is illegal) I can relate. I did fair amount of coding on Openmoko Neo Freerunner, Qi Hardware's Ben Nanonote and Nokia N900 in my life :) Mostly in Python or Bash, but occasionally in some other languages as well. Telling someone you're straight and supporting oppression of not straight people are two completely different things. I don't really use this word or feel the need to participate in discussions about people it represent, but for me, when I see it somewhere, "brogrammer" means an equivalent of "cool people" from high school. Existence of them became possible due to programming becoming lucrative, with plenty of easy learning material, and therefore, beneficial for people you wouldn't at all consider a nerd to learn. It's a programmer who comes from outside of nerd culture, who looks at it like a cool kid from high school looks at school nerds. It has also a bit "hipsterish" connotation - brogrammer is someone who's "not really into it". "The true nerds" were programmers before it was cool. At least that's how I understand this term. "disliked man in the tech world" is much too broad, as so called "brogrammers" are supposed to dislike "true nerds". I wouldn't as well, but as soon as that developer would become representative of my company and people would start to bring it out in connection to the company, I'd start to worry about my image. For your typical standard worker it doesn't really matter what he/she does outside of work, as long as it doesn't damage the company - which is pretty hard unless you really try, since nobody outside gives a damn about some noname employee. For someone very high in hierarchy it actually becomes much easier to damage it, so you have to draw a line somewhere. If your company, supposed to promote messages of equality and taking pride of its supposed openness, elects someone who actively supported means of oppression against minorities as its representative and people start to react, there might be something worth reconsidering in this situation. No. You need project managers to reduce the risk of stuff not being delivered. To do so, most of the time you have also to reduce creative opportunities. Therefore, if you're not strict to spritesheets, you get bigger chances of stuff not being delivered, but you also get bigger chances of stuff being brilliant. It's useful, as Angular is - but only when you write web applications that don't make sense without JavaScript anyway. If it's not the case, you shouldn't use Angular at all. Especially when it's MMDDYYYY ;] pwgen? Uhm, to create something? For challenge? For fun? That's what hackatons and gamejams are for, aren't they? But I have to admit that sometimes there are pretty nice prices - like on the last gamejam I attended there was an organized trip to bigger gamejam for the winners (except of small stuff like T-shirts). There were no judges, all attendees voted on their favorites. That's in my opinion the true hackaton/gamejam spirit. They can be easily intercepted by anyone near your phone with TI Calypso based phone, like Openmoko Neo Freerunner or old Motorola phones. Of course there are also dedicated pieces of hardware for that. Uhm? Unsafe servers? How so? For me it looks like the ticket is about unsafe pages trying to mess up with innocent local services, like router http control panel. WSS origin is exactly what's needed here. With the server being already running and meant to be connected to from a browser (as combination of WSS and proper localhost cert is proving), listening and explicitly allowing the client to connect, what threat is supposed to be there? It needs to happen. It's so simple and effective approach that it's really puzzling to see it not being implemented anywhere. "so you can manage to write arbitrary data to $somedir/jitcache instead of $somedir/foobar" That's already escaping from sandbox which most likely would cause much more troubles. In this way we can worry about absolutely anything ;) JavaScript? "Is browsing the Internet with such a big chunk of functionality missing really so much better" Using NoScript does not mean "functionality missing". It's just disabled by default - and personally, most of the time I find the "missing functionality" unnecessary, and in most of places where it's not I already have a whitelist entry in place. HN works perfectly. Lots of pages even work better with NoScript, as it basically cuts a lot of bloat. If some don't, enabling JS is one click away. Anyway, there are lots of pages which are kind of expected to not work correctly without JavaScript - and that's fine. But if for instance Hacker News wouldn't work in its current form without JS, that would be a valid thing to complain about, because there's absolutely no reason for that. There are even some pages that implement loading animation in JS in a way that when JS is disabled, the whole page is obstructed by loader that never disappears - and that's just reckless coding that should be fixed. You're confusing dynamic/static typing with weak/strong typing. JavaScript typing is dynamic and weak, while Python's is dynamic and strong. Why would I? That someone should pay. What you seem to suggest is DDoS victim blaming :P I wouldn't. There's already a threat of Webkit's monoculture on the web, we don't need to make it worse. If you'd like to see Spartan based on some already existing free software engine, then go for Gecko; however, another big player on the engine market won't hurt, especially after Opera went Webkit (well, Blink technically, but it's not a big difference yet). "dumb" and "sophisticated" aren't mutually exclusive, especially when you look at this particular example: only sophisticated algorithms could automatically react to Tesla announcing new product, so only them could do dumb decision and take April Fools joke into account when trading. The point they seem to be making is that benefits of fast trading massively outweigh the losses from making dumb decisions like there, so algorithms that integrate more and more input signals into decision making win in long term - no matter how rough are their assumptions about those signals. It's not about algorithms being fast and simple - it's about algorithms doing more and more complicated stuff (not in "how", but "what" they do), so they can easily make (and will make more often with time) dumb decisions when looking from human point of view - but at the same time they can quickly react on much more types of events that normally would have to be noticed by human first, or already deduced from market actions. Openmoko Inc. is also giving USB PIDs for free to open hardware projects: http://wiki.openmoko.org/wiki/USB_Product_IDs And I think Qi-Hardware Inc. does it as well. But remember to not use dick pics as a communication medium, please! :) https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache%3Ahttp... >which confuses users So users are why we can't have nice things. Also, on Nokia N900 they simply didn't do an app at all. Lots of them were quickly written by community and everyone was happy. That's exactly the purpose one shouldn't use Angular for. Well, it could be a dick. Finally. Jessie's kernel had troubles with my Ivy Bridge GPU, leading to X hangs from time to time. Had to install 4.0.0 from Ubuntu packages, cause there was no linux-kbuild available for any newer kernel than jessie's one in Debian repos for quite a long time :( Where did you get your "50% of people are less funny than average" from? Do you know what average is? Your "hint" already stops working if you decide that two of them are equally funny. On my first job interview, despite having already quite a bit of experience with personal and free software projects in various languages and frameworks, I somehow managed to struggle with FizzBuzz. I didn't know that it's supposed to work as a basic filter so I was looking for some catch thinking that it cannot be as easy as it looks. As I couldn't find any I figured out I should go with trying to write the prettiest, most elegant and clever way, started fiddling with modulo division and managed to screw it up under nerves and the fact that I was writing it on paper with no ability to run and check. Also, despite of being told "use whatever language you want", for some irrational reason I worried about correct syntax, which probably added up to my nervousness. Fortunately, they didn't stop there and I was able to do harder tasks better later on ;) I reacted pretty much in the same way on my driving exam. Both that interview and that exam weren't telling you anything about how I actually program or how I actually drive - even under extreme conditions. Being judged is just a completely different experience that makes me behave in completely different way. It was like that - mobile vendors tried to adapt their browsers to make the already existing websites look somehow good. But then iPhone happened. This site is considered by Google as not mobile friendly: http://dosowisko.net/ Just bunch of easily reflowed text and a bit of ASCII art. Browser on my Nokia N900 shows it just fine, zooming is usable, everything seems "friendly". If Nokia could do it on Maemo long time ago, why Apple and Google can't do it now? What if my target audience is actually that 1% niche that doesn't care about mobile, or a niche that actually uses decent browsers and mobile platforms, so they're perfectly able to view my simple page even without stupid meta viewport tag? It seems easy to just add the tag and a few CSS rules - but what if this is a still useful page from 2005 which I have forgotten about? Oh my $deity! I sometimes play a bit with recording music and I always hate drum machine programming. If I could actually program it in some sort of programming language it would be so much nicer! Seems like I've just got a new side project :) Thanks! Although I had something much simplier in mind, Overtone will definitely come handy as well :) Takes a really long time to just reply with an error when trying to register. How is a non-developer supposed to deal with that now? ;] Whatever you do, you'll end up cleaner than when just wiping with paper anyway. Nothing. Fully open CyanogenMod is called Replicant, and just take a look at its support list. That's how open and free Android platforms really are. http://redmine.replicant.us/projects/replicant/wiki/Replican... Notice that it's still based on 4.2, there are not so many of devices it can run on and even with fully documented and open platforms like GTA04 it's still a lot of work to make it run. Plus there's absolutely no way to upstream their work, so it's a massive maintenance burden (one of the reasons they're still on 4.2) AOSP is just what zurn said above - a code drop. If Android was really an open platform, Replicant either wouldn't be needed or Replicant devs would have much less work to do. Openness of Android is great for Chinese vendors making cheap tablets, so they have a ready system to put on them for almost free - but it's not so good as an open platform . I remember kinda similar concept implemented years ago for Openmoko and Maemo, but for geocaching - the app showed you just the arrow and the rest was up to you :) I love the idea of charging to show in imperial units. That's some amazing pro-SI propaganda, we need more stuff like that :) Firefox OS isn't any better than Android when it comes to vendor walled gardens. Mozilla doesn't enforce in any way any openness of the platform - it just provides the open OS. It might be more complete experience than what AOSP alone delivers, but it's still up to vendor to provide, or not, any freedom when it comes to usage of the device. Heck, your platform doesn't even need to be open to be able to market it with Firefox OS brand! They have a set of rules you have to fulfill, but basic stuff like unlocked bootloader isn't even part of them. Neo900 [1] develops a device like that - privacy oriented open platform, with maximum user control over the device. Even though its specs and price might be a bit unsatisfying to some, it's actually a pretty reasonable approach worth supporting - basing its design on N900 and GTA04 is for a small project like that like reaching the low-hanging fruit, while ideas and solutions developed for it such as baseband "sandbox" or hackerbus will be able to be used later in future devices. See also [2] for more details. Full disclosure: I found this project so worth supporting, I actually became team member somewhere at its beginning :) [1] http://neo900.org/ [2] http://neo900.org/stuff/ohsw2014/ohsw2014.pdf Sadly, they aren't really living up to that point. Firefox OS works basically like AOSP - it's up to vendor to provide you unlocked environment (or not). It's not even on a requirement list when you want to market your device using Firefox OS brand. Phones like ZTE Open often came with blocked bootloader you had to "jailbreak" to upgrade FxOS by yourself - seems familiar, doesn't it? Some time ago I tried to compile Firefox OS to GTA04 - a hardware upgrade for Openmoko Neo Freerunner. It's pretty much the most open mobile phone out there these days, allowing you to run basically any GNU/Linux distro you'd want on it. I failed - available documentation is lacking; or actually, it focuses on something completely different. It assumes that you either have a Android phone and goes to great extent describing how to extract non-free binary blobs from your current system and apply them to FxOS, or you have a great knowledge of Android build system and you can handle everything by yourself. GTA04 isn't Android based - while there is Replicant build working on it, it's still closer to standard PC way than Android phones when it comes to stuff like booting etc. Not having much experience with Android from developer side, I simply got lost in all those clearly Android-based instructions. You'd at least think that Gonk, the hardware abstraction layer of Firefox OS implemented on top of Android base system, would be just a compatibility measure for dealing with vendors that only provide Android support. It's not the case - even though Honk (a Gonk reimplementation based on standard GNU/Unix way of how systems work) exists, it was contributed as a part of experimental Raspberry Pi port and is not really maintained ever since. It makes me sad, cause Firefox OS had the potential to actually move smartphones in general towards being a little more open platforms, which is always close to my heart as a long-time Openmoko and OpenPhoenux supporter and contributor, but sadly this aspect got basically ignored by Mozilla itself and they went with pragmatic "let's just make it work, even if it means having non-free low-level androidware under our free OS layer" :( Where it comes to Android, there is already Hayes-RIL for AT based basebands. There are of course also freesmartphone.org's fsogsmd and oFono. You could probably develop an Android layer on top of them if you wanted, bringing great value not just to Firefox OS, but also to AOSP itself. Everybody should, and that shouldn't be newsworthy. That's the problem. I understand and respect Richard Stallman, but I can't agree with him on this subject. How can you know that firmware is "completely non-updateable"? You trust the vendor with that, there's no way to know for sure. What's more - recently (~1.5y ago) somebody figured out how to update firmware of microSD cards [1]. Thanks to him, if we want to apply FSF's point of view, microSD cards suddenly became unacceptable, non-free hardware, while before that blog post they were just fine. I'm involved in development of Neo900 [2] phone and already had fair share of discussions about freedom and openness of components with various people. I was a part of Openmoko community in the past and remember the TI Calypso modem used inside Neo1973 and Neo Freerunner. At first they were non-updateable (for consumer), so were acceptable to RMS. Some time later Openmoko Inc. got firmware fixes for pretty annoying bugs like SIM compatibility and started trying to figure out how to distribute the updates. They obtained a license to redistribute the updater tool, provided the instructions and the firmware image. Suddenly, Neo Freerunner became non-free hw. Then, some time later, partially thanks to Openmoko who provided the updater and instructions, OsmocomBB [3] was born (Harald Welte, who initiated OsmocomBB, also worked earlier in Openmoko). Suddenly Neo Freerunner became free again because there's a free firmware available for Calypso now. So my device I was carrying in my pocket, without any my intervention, went from free to non-free and to free back again. Fun! Also, as a user who cares about his freedom, I prefer to have a hardware with updateable or even entirely user provided non-free firmware than a black-box with the same non-free firmware inside, but not updateable. Of course over that I'll prefer a hw with open firmware, but in the case of the black box, there is even no hope that such a firmware will be provided in the future. And when at the same time you cannot be 100% sure that it really is non-updateable, then what's the advantage? I can't see any. In theory, I can agree with FSF and RMS. In practice, hardware doesn't really work that way. [1] http://www.bunniestudios.com/blog/?p=3554 [2] http://neo900.org/ [3] http://bb.osmocom.org/ There are no open source smartphones with open source firmware for their modems. The closest you can get is Openmoko Neo Freerunner with OsmocomBB installed, but you cannot legally use it to transmit anything on public networks before you obtain new certification for the modem, as replacing the firmware voids the one vendor got for you. The best you can get regarding openness of devices that can be practically used is to completely separate the main CPU from baseband processor (sans some generic interface like USB or serial) and this is exactly what Openmoko, and now also Neo900 are doing. Neo900 project goes one step further - it assumes the modem is a rogue black box by default, so deploys systems that allow the user to monitor the modem. Unfortunately, mainstream devices go further and further away from that separation and now most of the time use fully integrated designs, where the non-free firmware of the baseband has full access to user OS via shared RAM or even shared CPU. > How hard is it for open source designers to design their own hardware and open the firmware for it? Depending on the type of hardware we're talking about, it's either: already done, hard or very hard. If you want to go open with hardware, you either: - decide that you can go with some obsolete specs. Then you only reach the small niche really interested in freedom and openness and pretty much nobody else. The costs and prices skyrocket, because you cannot rely on economy of scale. - device that you want to provide competitive hardware to what's already on the market, but free. In most of the fields, you will have a hard time to catch up to competitors, as you most likely won't be able to get any funding in the way they did. You'll have to resort to crowdfunding and probably fail anyway, as a very small fraction of projects like that manages to do anything at all - and they're usually the smaller and easier ones anyway. Also, closed firmware blobs don't pose any threats - any additional ones that you already have even when not using them, that is. If you have a device that doesn't need a firmware to be loaded in order to run, then most likely it already has a non-free firmware integrated on board. For instance: HDD, SSD, SD cards, some cameras, most of controllers like USB or RAID... virtually anything. By calling people like Theo de Raadt conspirators, you only hurt the cause you think you are fighting for. You won't change the world by that. You can only change it with small steps, by supporting niche projects like Neo900, even if they had to go for some compromises. What differentiates them from others is that their compromise lies far further than what's common in mainstream devices, and only if this iteration succeeds, a new one could in the future, moving that compromise even further towards the ideal state. Having been involved in Openmoko and related communities for quite a long time exactly for the reasons of hardware freedoms and openness, I really don't see any other way. Binary blobs running on your CPU under your OS is a completely different issue than binary blobs of firmware. If you have to provide the firmware blob to the device, it's most likely only because it was cheaper to not include any flash memory on it that could store it. Also, they can be very different in their nature. Firmwares can contains fairly complex operating systems that run on some microcontroller inside your hard drive, they can be hand-crafted for particular piece of hardware (so there's no source code) or they may only consist of some data structures needed to properly initialize the registers or other stuff like that. See, even you are confused. If you give "loss of fast 3D" as an example of running blob-free, you didn't understand what Theo is talking about. 3D drivers run in user or kernel space, there is a clear policy about how to deal with stuff like that in basically any serious operating system that labels itself free and open. This mail was about firmwares. The little blobs your OS has to upload into memory of your WiFi card, Bluetooth controller, sensors, camera... and that's all it has to do with it. The rest happens on completely different CPUs - the ones that live inside your WiFi card, Bluetooth controller, sensors, camera... Even if your hardware seemingly doesn't require the blob to be loaded, it's most likely because it simply has a on board memory to store it. Some don't (obviously, that's cheaper way) and require user to load their firmware before they can operate. And nowadays, basically anything has such a firmware. Even microSD cards. From OS point of view, the only sensible approach to differentiate between free and non-free firmwares is to ask a question "is it freely redistributable?". If you go deeper than that, you enter the Open Hardware territory - which comes with its own set of principles and pandora boxes. It hasn't halted and it didn't run into "serious issues" (blockers). It just needs its time. It's a small project, so when for instance it has to provide a webshop so people can make their orders, the R&D is pretty much halted from lack of resources as everyone is focused on that. We haven't taken all such non-technical issues properly into account when estimating needed time and it backfires. However, I think it's not that bad overall - there is slow, but steady progress all the time. See the last news from a week ago: http://neo900.org/news/the-neo900-shop-grand-opening-for-pre... Also, just so you're aware: you cannot "wait to decide", as it's basically built to order and financed almost completely that way. The moment it goes to production you will have to find at least another 200-300 people interested in buying it, so the second production batch will be possible to happen. I think this article by Douglas Adams from 1998 is in hindsight very inspiring on this matter: http://www.douglasadams.com/dna/980707-05-a.html The industry simply disregarded the opportunity Adams recognized and just moved what we all hate from paper media to the Internet. However, in the Internet we have a tools we can use to defend ourselves. It's really no wonder that we, users, increasingly reach for them and it's only a stupidity (and/or greediness) of ad companies that prevented them from predicting that. How can you be sure that the firmware blob you got for some chipset is really some software compiled from source code and not a hand made initialization structure for some registers needed for it to operate properly? Or maybe you need some custom, proprietary solution to compile it that even the company that developed this hardware have no rights to redistribute? Or maybe even the company you bought that hardware from has no idea about the source code or firmware, because they simply used some chipset available on the market? Or... It's really counterproductive to differentiate it in this way. It doesn't help the cause at all. The license of firmware blob is really not a kernels issue. It's a lower layer - you can go for that when you start requiring all your hardware to be open. Otherwise, it's like bashing Mozilla due to Firefox not providing an option to load only Creative Commons or similarly free content from the Web. The kernel is here just to upload a bitstream to memory of some device. For kernel, it doesn't matter if it's open or not. It's just set of bits needed to be sent somewhere, nothing more, nothing less. It not like a typical software, as it's not even executed on your system. > (I'm saddened that you can't imagine ever needing to load FPGA, NAND, or VRAM "firmware" to boot a GPU.) That's clearly not what you were talking about. It's true that drivers usually also contain firmwares, or microcodes for GPU. However, removing them will most likely prevent you from using GPU at all, not just "fast 3D". And even if it doesn't, because the most important parts of that non-free firmware are already sealed in memory on the card, it's no different from, let's take the easier example, any HDD out there. So either your blob-free system works almost perfectly, cause you only take the software running on main CPU into account, or your blob-free system doesn't work at all, cause you actually removed all firmware blobs and basically nothing works anymore, including HDD, CD drive and motherboard. You already have such option. On Linux, you simply don't install or remove stuff from /lib/firmware However, ideologically it doesn't make any sense, since when your kernel is booted you're most likely already past the loading of lots of non-free blobs in lots of chips. Kernel deals only with the ones that don't have internal memory to store them. You still cannot be sure that WiFi blob isn't being reflashed over the air. Sure, it's harder to mess with reflashable firmware stored inside the device. However, it's only just like you said - a change on priority list, nothing else. Differentiating this in terms of freedom is a hypocrisy. Anyway. Kernel just provides you an interface to load such firmware into your device. When the firmware is freely redistributable, it's also included in the kernel source tree. Nothing more, nothing less. It's up to you to decide what to do with it - you can easily look up all the needed info and remove unwanted firmware files. For me there's no difference where it's stored. Closed firmware is closed firmware. We either have to accept it or not use PCs at all. In the meantime, we should rather focus on producing stuff that increasingly stops requiring it, instead of aimlessly fighting with kernel developers. As I said, under Linux it's just a matter of files in /lib/firmware, so you can easily implement this process however you would like to in userspace. I'm an European and I cannot grasp that education system in US. Granted, most of my knowledge comes from rants like John Oliver's or this one, so I guess it's hardly objective, but it looks like a pile of the worst possible solutions gathered together just to screw up the highest number of people. A few days ago there was also an interesting article here about US students discovering that they can go to Germany and have a high quality education without going into any debts. How is this system supposed to work well? It seems to be clearly designed to make money, not to educate people, which doesn't seem like a good way to enhance and maintain your society. aka "Windows users discover our CTRL+Z" :) Been doing that very often during Ludum Dare where the best games have usually very fine gameplay and very poor everything else, like lack of pause or progress save - surely came handy. I think the point that grandparent was trying to make is that with Debian support, Ubuntu support comes almost for free, and you get other Debian descendants included as well. It broadens your set of officially supported users quite a lot for a cost comparable to adding support for a new Ubuntu release. While generally it's also true the other way around (if something is made for Ubuntu, it's likely it will work on Debian without big issues), it would be nice for companies to recognize Ubuntu's roots and make the support official. Of course in practice the community will quickly report back to you something like "hey, change your dependency to include libjpeg-turbo8 or libturbojpeg0, in Debian there's no libjpeg-turbo8" (real example from early Steam package), however, maybe it's just me, but when I see something having official support for Ubuntu only it sounds like "we were too lazy to give it a try on other distros", while explicitly stating support for Debian-based distributions starts sounding much more professional :) Grandparent obviously meant case insensitive filesystems. "Gtk has won" [citation needed] Plus "KDE apps pull a lot of deps" claim is already outdated, as recent releases of KDE Frameworks are highly modularized. No. NoScript makes browsing faster, disables lots of annoyances and (to some extent) increases security - not just by blocking JS scripts, but also by providing great tools against stuff like clickjacking. Maybe it fights some tracking as a side effect, but that's not the reason you install it, because it's not made for that and therefore is not very effective. I've used Semantic UI back in 0.x days on one project and I must say it was really pleasant experience, especially when compared to Bootstrap. Glad to see it still going on! Am I reading this correctly?? Complaining about hackers being hackers on a site called Hacker News... Seriously?? David Cameron is unsustainable. He can no longer be tolerated in the face of governmental terror. "undefined" (and "NaN") are not a reserved keywords. They're just a properties of global object, with values of, respectively, primitive "undefined" and primitive "NaN" (which are not accessible directly). In ES5 these properties are defined as [[Writable]]: false, which explains your behaviour. You can however still create such variable in non-global scope - simply wrap that code in a function and it will work. This. I really hope there was money included, because that's the only reason to do this integration that I understand and somehow accept. Walled garden "ecosystems" can be also useful to people called "users". There are plenty of ways they can give up their privacy to gain some convenience. Do we really want Mozilla to go that way though? While what you say might be true, when I want to download some project and find out that it's hosted on SourceForge, my first thought is "oh crap, it's probably outdated and unmaintained". The second one is "I'll better check again, maybe they migrated somewhere else". I don't trust SourceForge anymore like I used to in the past. Stuff like taking over old projects and adding adware to them definitely don't help, but even ignoring that SourceForge still feels dead. Effectively left. The fact and the reason why he was effectively forced to are irrelevant to this article. What does "to succeed" mean? As long as it will be usable for me and some other people, not abandoned and keep progressing, it will succeed. It doesn't need to take over the market. Probably not. I have "downvoted" bunch of them to just see the next one, until I realized that I'm really downvoting them. So what? What money is there in KDE as a whole? Even more - such job can be perfectly handled by a Makefile. That wouldn't be bad, pizza is always the solution. Exactly, that's the sole purpose and that's how DNT works. It's nothing more than a voice "I don't wish to be tracked" and an expectation to be listened to. They know that someone accessed resource X from IP address Y from browser Z with language preferences A, encoding preferences B, SSL cipher suites C (when https is used), DNT preferences D, sometimes also protocol support E (when upgrading to SPDY or HTTP/2.0), having a TCP/IP fingerprint of OS F. I guess I still haven't covered it all. Kinda hard to not come up with it when setting up your credentials is the first thing git wants you to do before you can commit anything. BTW. You can also overwrite them by command line switches per commit instead of setting environment variables. I guess it's worth noting here that you can sign your commits with GPG: https://git-scm.com/book/tr/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work Nothing. Just like there's nothing wrong with not having it clean. Why wouldn't it? I'd say it's "supported by design". Don't give up so easily - you have the source code! ;) >When you say, "I want to be that thing...", you necessarily have to also say, "... that means I will stop being this thing." I don't watch television. I don't follow professional sports. I don't work out at gyms. I don't read the latest books. I don't go to the latest movies. I don't play video games. I don't have a bowling league. Oh, absolutely. I was always rather creating than consuming and I noticed two things: people wondering "how do I keep up with all this stuff I do" and me wondering "when do they read all these books and watch all these shows they're talking about at parties and that I know nothing about". I have never read or seen such titles that some people would instantly invalidate my geek card if they learned about it. Recently I've decided that I need to finally read Discworld and also started watching Doctor Who. Although I think I needed and well deserved a break, it makes me feel kinda uneasy when I go to sleep with just "watched some episodes/read some chapters" as an achievement of the day instead of "made this feature working/investigated and fixed this bug/finished another part of animation/recorded a new song" etc. (not counting stuff made at work of course) It's just one or another indeed. Will have to try it on my mobile phone together with fso-el :) https://github.com/paulfertser/fso-el/wiki "1 one parse error on *zoom: 2 !important;" That might be a parse error according to validator, but it's actually a pretty commonly used hack for old Internet Explorers - real browsers drop such invalid declaration, while IE (up to 6 I think, although 7 still accepted some other character IIRC) parsed it anyway and ignored the asterisk. What's more - this quirk is commonly used with, guess what, the "zoom" property, which is one of the common ways to trigger "hasLayout" mode in IE engine (although you'd most likely use it with value "1" instead of "2"). So this NN simply wrote a compatibility hack for IE6 :) What about new TLDs? URLs with them should be also checked. I can see that some regexes contain list of TLDs, which is already disqualifying. Here are (mostly) bots talking via Eliza by reading and sending a github comment on start: https://github.com/botwillacceptanything/botwillacceptanythi... And how would DMCA apply in this case? Consuming a lot of CPU time and forcing kernel to do that are separate things. Is there some "IDE" for it already or is this going to be my new side project? :) And I understand that. What I meant is something completely different - like a set of autocompletion rules for chords and scales, "debugging" abilities (like selectively playing particular voices or parts of song) and other stuff that makes programming... err, composing in Alda easier. Obviously reusing some already existing text editor, like Vim, Emacs, Sublime or Atom will be the way to go when creating such "IDE". I definitely didn't mean Guitar Pro/TuxGuitar with Alda as a backend, that would be kinda pointless. I suppose that if you have permissions to use that feature, you could already take the system down with millions of other ways. These marketing names get sillier and sillier. Pretty much every resistive touchscreen was already "3D" years ago. Exactly; however, if we're on it - it's a myth that multitouch is not possible on resistive screens. There exist resistive screens that support up to 10 touch points, and two-point gestures (swipe, pinch) without exact coordinates are very easy to get on most resistive screens. When you lend your phone to my mom and she asks how to do something, will you say "just 3D touch that" to her? The name is just a silly attempt to create a hype, "firm press" or something similar would be just fine. But yeah, it wouldn't pretend that it's a "new concept" then. It's just like it was with "retina" - my phone had "retina" screen years before Apple started to use that word. Looking at the state of security in GSM and related technologies, it's not necessarily the military you may want to protect yourself from. I'd be rather worried about agencies doing mass surveillance and/or script kiddies. When you're specifically targeted by big guys, you're screwed. Otherwise, you have plenty of ways to defend yourself. Many (me included) believe that it's still worth it. If the internet providers can be hacked, aren't the "security features" of your PC moot? "and that baseband has control over your processor and memory as deep as DMA" No, that's false. The Neo900's baseband is connected to the main application processor by USB (and UART). Yes, it is closed, but it has exactly the same access to your memory as a USB dongle connected to your laptop. Modem and SIM are the blackboxes outside of the user's control, that's right. That's why the rest of the system is designed with keeping that in mind. It's not the Neo900's goal to be protected from high-profile targeted attacks. That's hardly feasible. However, that doesn't make it pointless. Neo900 aims to protect as much as possible from fishnet style mash surveillance. On most devices you simply cannot protect yourself from that, since any E2E encryption you'd employ could be easily attacked by shared RAM access from the completely uncontrolled (and often known to be exploitable) modem firmware. When you don't completely control your device, you cannot do anything to protect your privacy. When you do (and there are also other reasons to want it aside of privacy), you can start thinking about it. It won't help when you're specifically targeted by super secret agency, but it will in 99% of other, more common cases. Hah, nice to see it here. Seems the site is suffering from the load, so unless anything dramatically changed since last time I used it, it's a GTK+ app which uses gpsd and OpenStreetMap (with ability to configure other providers). It started as a fork of TangoGPS, and they both were once very popular GPS apps for Openmoko devices. I think I've seen it running on Maemo as well. From the fact that it got posted here I presume that it must be still maintained (although probably not in Openmoko/Maemo versions anymore), which makes me pretty happy! :) I don't see why it wouldn't be possible, however, using OAuth would probably need some nice integration on client side you'd have to provide. Maybe just login to the server using your credentials and authenticate via LDAP? Neither does Slack, unless you pay. You made me want to draw some dicks in some public repo and get bad employers filter themselves out :P Don't worry, you probably already filtered me out. I have plenty of ponies shown publicly in many places, including github profile. That degrades my maturity level to a little girl - and I'm not even a woman! [/s] Any company judging "maturity" of actions done by someone in their spare time is not worth working for. It's just not their business to decide whether someone is "mature" or not, so if they cannot manage their business properly, why should I want to work with them? They probably won't be able to maintain healthy relationship with their employees anyway if they're so keen to filter out perfectly fine candidates over something so unimportant and nonharmful as low-grade sense of humor. How does employer seeing it or not make any difference? (except the obvious one that it's hard to react to what you can't see) It's hardly even "acting unprofessionally". It's a lighthearted project where, well, some part of the fun is waiting for the first person to draw some dicks in. If you can't get over it, that's more likely problem with your attitude, not the person's who drew it. No, it wasn't. Read the article again. Assumption made was on Math.random being high quality PRNG. Being cryptographically secure is completely unrelated. What benefits does this method offer? The key thing that makes it better than what Mike was doing is to use /dev/urandom instead of Math.random, which isn't always possible (for instance, in the browser). With V8's Math.random, it's going to fail the same way. In the browser, if you generate UUIDv4 using data from Math.random, it's going to fail the same way on V8 as it did for Mike. However, the same applies to the method from this article. Thank you! That scraping site is completely unusable with privacy addons enabled. I don't think WebMIDI is in the scope of JavaScript engine. Webkit uses JavaScriptCore, not V8. But it's not "discipline at the heart of the problem". "Apple, the first major computer company to make Open Source development a key part of its software strategy" Well, I guess that's arguable. "WebKit — the open source rendering engine introduced by Apple" Yeah, "forked from KHTML" wouldn't sound as nice as "introduced by Apple" . "OS X combines a proven UNIX foundation with the easy-to-use Mac interface to bring multicore technology and 48-bit power to the mass market." Wait, what? Well, they couldn't not open source WebKit, as at its core lies a fork of LGPL licensed KHTML and KJS (that's why WebCore and JavaScriptCore are LGPL while the rest of WebKit is BSD) If you upgrade a new laptop immediately, why would you need backup? You can compare what Chrome does with Opera Turbo feature from Opera Mobile and desktop Opera, but not Opera Mini. It was definitely inspired by experiences from Opera Mini, but it's absolutely not comparable at all. Opera Mini doesn't render webpages, it's all done server side. What's sent to the browser is a pile of highly compressed layers containing text and images and some metadata about what's clickable - and that's it. From HTML, JS and CSS point of view Opera Mini is a highly optimized, non-real time remote desktop client. I've heavily used J2ME Opera Mini on my S40 dumbphones many years ago. Back then it was awesome. Today, when the only way to keep sanity when browsing the web on desktop is using NoScript, I doubt that using it would be as awesome as it was back then, and that's not really Opera Mini fault. After all, when using Opera Mini, you don't expect everything to work and render as it would on desktop browser - as long as content is shown and can be accessed properly, it's fine. However, in a world where crazy people use SPA frameworks for their blogs, it cannot be taken for granted. Which is absolutely uncomparable. Opera Mini's approach is pretty unique. There's also Allegro[1]. While its popularity peak was on older versions, Allegro 5 has been completely redesigned and it's a pretty great modern C library now. [1]: http://liballeg.org/ Just my 5 cents: Although there's nothing wrong with it in the context of your comment alone, C and C++ are so distinct languages it's weird to see them aggregated as "C/C++" given that the article is about C and it explicitly recognizes C++ as a bad alternative. "Evil USB" (or "bad USB") is possible thanks to the U part of USB - universal. If you connect a pendrive to your computer, it can easily say that it's a keyboard, because your computer cannot easily verify that you haven't just connected a keyboard. It would need to ask you in some trustworthy way to be sure, which sometimes can be problematic. OTOH, on the device like Neo900 it is well-known what kind of device is connected to the internal bus and software stack (at least on Linux) can easily be advised to not accept anything that doesn't look and behave like the included modem should. In a properly configured user OS, the modem would need to use some software vulnerability to exploit the USB stack, so the same principles apply there as with, say, OpenSSL, browser or the kernel. Secret zero-days aside, when some bug is found, it is patched and you upgrade the vulnerable component, just like on PC. Looking at the kinds and amounts of just standard software vulnerabilities in those firmwares that have been found in the past, I presume there's plenty of low hanging fruit still to be found there. It doesn't really need to be an intentional backdoor, it can be just good old buffer overflow with remote execution. LTE is basically VoIP, a 180° change from the monstrosity of 3G, although the providers still manage to fail spectacularly at it. https://media.ccc.de/v/32c3-7502-dissecting_volte Integration, miniaturization, power management, cost reduction... it's the easiest way, so when you disregard proper isolation and security, then it actually seems like the way to go. LTE, when compared to 3G, drops a lot of complexity and basically defines a data link for IP to flow in. Telephony services are then implemented via IP. Of course the transmission itself is still as proprietary and filled with regulations as all GSM standards; I just noted that it should be easier to somehow "sandbox" the communication via LTE now than with older technologies. It's still not the solution and I'm fully aware of it. It all depends on particular design. There are even some out there where baseband OS and Linux run under the same proprietary hypervisor. On modern phones it's pretty rare to be able to say with 100% certainty that the baseband OS doesn't have any access to user memory - and often you can say with 100% certainty that it can access other interesting stuff, like GPS or microphone, without any supervision from the user. Please remember that FreeCalypso is not free software in commonly used sense - it uses unlicensed code from leaks. People behind FreeCalypso don't care about law, so they don't mind. I wouldn't be very happy if I opened it in the background tab on a metered connection (say, 3G). That's what caught my eye as well. I didn't know that was possible to get via the browser and started to think about its implications. I wonder if exposing private IP to any website is a very good idea when router firmwares have all sorts of basic security bugs in their web panels. Is there some transcript available or is it only in audio form? As far as I understand it, the whole point of basic income is replacing most of other social programs, especially those related to unemployment. Sure, there's also stuff regarding disabilities, health and probably way more that simply didn't slip into my mind right now. That's why I phrased it as I did. However, I suppose the existence of basic income could also change the character of those remaining social programs. If someone spends their entire income on lottery tickers, they probably need different kind of help than more money from welfare. There's a way simpler option: https://github.com/paulfertser/fso-el/wiki ;) "Why BPG won't replace GIFs and not only" For myself, I love math. I also never understood, even now, the need to spend so much time memorizing multiplication tables. In fact, I've never learnt it. From time to time I still find myself multiplying on fingers; as a kid I used it a lot, now the table went into my head automatically simply from continued usage. The way to multiply two natural numbers from on fingers was one of the most important things my mom tought me :) There's also a way as presented in the article (8 7 = 8 8-8), but I mostly use it when double checking, as I find it slightly more error-prone when doing it in head (and obviously very inefficient when done on paper). Works great for bigger numbers though. Once in junior high school my math teacher caught me on multiplying on fingers and ordered me to learn the table for the next lession. Managed to pass it, but quickly forgot in following days. I never cared - I was always doing very fast and well on math classes anyway. I don't really care. And that makes me sad. I was really excited about Firefox OS when Mozilla was announcing it. I've been playing for years with free smartphones like Neo Freerunner, GTA04 and (surprisingly free) Nokia N900, and the situation on Android market was far from being good for me. I still cannot really change my phone without downgrading my user experience. Firefox OS offered me some hope. Unfortunately, it turned out that Firefox OS was just Android-me-too, without much of added benefits when it comes to user freedom. Sure, the development model was more like baazar than cathedral, but how did it matter if most of the Firefox OS devices out there were as blocked and closed as Android ones? Mozilla even had a certification program you needed to pass in order to use Firefox OS brand with your device - and guess what? Closed crap like ZTE Open was passing the certifications. Mozilla was basically endorsing devices you had to break into in order to be free to use them as you wish. How is that different from Android? I had high hopes, but Firefox OS disappointed me. Glad you shared that with us. The Internet Tablet series, which is what N900 came from, actually was a bit different. Nokia N800 got an update from OS2007 to OS2008, and Nokia 770, while officially supported from OS2005 to OS2006, has been updated via semi-official "Hacker Editions" all the way to OS2008. It was N900's Maemo 5 (Fremantle) where they finally stopped supporting earlier models. To this day I strongly prefer N900's resistive screen than any other capacitive screen when it comes to mobile phones. While it's easy to find crappy resistive screens, and in such case capacitive ones clearly win, I definitely wouldn't replace N900's screen with one from iPhone - it'd feel like a downgrade for me. I think "more capable" meant that Maemo was just a regular GNU/Linux running in your pocket, adjusted just enough to work well in such form factor. The system was yours just like it is on your PC. iOS, when compared to that, is a child's toy, designed to keep you from breaking it. Of course for some it's a feature. You probably meant GTA04 phones instead of Openmoko Neo Freerunner - the latter was sold in more than 10 000 devices. Yes, not counting GTA04, N900 was pretty much the last phone out there that you could call "openish". However, I can tell that Neo900 is not quite done yet and even though with time passing by it obviously gets less exciting than when it was announced, I'm still looking forward to it. I loved the resistive screen of Neo Freerunner and Nokia N900, as it allowed me to write code on screen (surprisingly, the awful bezel around Freerunner screen actually worked great as a resting place for the finger, N900 while more comfortable in every other situation is more tiring when writing code). I've written quite a lot of Python on those phones in my life. Generally, the reality is that while the Android is open, the devices that run Android usually aren't, so in the end it doesn't really matter. For very similar reason I wasn't crying after Firefox OS, even though it had some progress when it comes to platform openness in some other areas. Yes. Personally I don't really miss it, but it would still be nice to have. However, multitouch resistive screens exist, and even most of the older singletouch ones can simulate basic multitouch gestures like pinching, swiping or rotating (which is what Neo900 wants to do using original N900 digitizer). It's called PhantomJS :P Previous discussion on ctypes.sh: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10184940 Check out OsmocomBB - https://bb.osmocom.org/ While it doesn't even intend to be "consumer friendly" firmware replacement, the project provides a lot of interesting info on hacking TI Calypso basebands used for instance in some old Motorola devices and Openmoko phones. Proxied SIM probably won't work due to timing constraints and I don't think it could be possible on device's own connection, but I'm not really an expert in this area, so don't believe me and my educated guesses too much. However, counter-intuitively, playing with stuff like IMEI number will probably make you even easier target. Some hardware characteristics of your device could be used to "fingerprint" it, and having a lot of IMEIs being advertised by some old Calypso device in similar area could easily bring some attention to it. That's how Harald Welte and Osmocomm team was always providing on-site GSM networks on events like Chaos Communication Congress/Camp. However, recently Germany sold out part of spectrum that was used for those licenses, so it became much harder now there. The network on last CCC almost didn't happen, but the provider who bought it (T-Mobile IIRC?) allowed to use it this time anyway. The future is a one big question mark though :( That's basically guaranteed to break your system on Arch. Don't do that - it's your fault when it breaks like that. 8GB RAM? When I was buying my Yoga 2 Pro with 8GB RAM I already hesitated, it is a bare minimum these days. Browsers alone can eat it all with ease. Today I wouldn't buy a new laptop without more RAM or at least upgrade options. XHTML? >Did any browser ever reject a Web page just because it wasn't well-formed XHTML? Of course. If you served XHTML properly (by setting "application/xhtml+xml" MIME type), ill-formed XHTML would just show you a big syntax error instead of the page. Try it, that's still the case. Even when being well-formed, lots of sites still used "text/html" type to trigger HTML (SGML) parser instead of XML one, as any 3rd party code embedded into the website would of course crash the page as well. That was one of the reasons why XHTML never got popular and eventually has been abandoned. But with that MIME type it wasn't XHTML at all. It was being parsed as HTML which was possible only because of big similarity between those two formats. All you need to ensure the behavior you want is to disable HTML parsing (which is pretty much ensures being liberal in what the parser accepts already in its specification). Everything makes sense if I'm Satoshi Nakamoto. At least for today. That's just tabloid-like excitement. People are eager to be the first to prove whether somebody is or is not the Satoshi. It's the taste of important mystery that gets people going, not propaganda. It's just that the thing described in this article finally happened: "TLDR: It’s going in contrib, as a source only dkms module." I don't know about "Another World", but at least LucasArts had a compiler (written with Yacc and Lex) for their adventure games on SCUMM engine. It wasn't that uncommon - most of popular adventure games (and probably others too, but I just happen to know about this genre) worked as VMs or interpreters (SCUMM, AGI, SCI). Helped a lot with portability, which was desirable at that time when games were being released on various platforms like IBM PC, Apple, Amiga, Atari, Commodore 64, NES... And thanks to that we have ScummVM now. For such sites you keep the button "temporarily allow JS execution" somewhere handy in your browser UI, but for more obnoxious sites you'll probably quit after getting bored from long loading time after getting used to how fast everything else is with scripts disabled :P The point is not to block JS completely, but to disallow it when not necessary (which it isn't for most of the time). There are plenty of legitimate uses of JS and keeping "allow JS on this domain now" button in accessible place is very handy. Plus of course you can lift the restrictions selectively for each domain. From my experience it usually takes one or two domains to allow in order to get the needed functionality, and the rest (usually around 10) can be kept blocked. As TFA says, it is a browser plugin. Previous discussions: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3819382 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11572146 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8928506 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8252093 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5016745 No, it's true for some of their newest ultrabooks, like Yoga 900S, Yoga 900 Business Edition, Yoga 710 and newer revisions of Yoga 900 marked as 13ISK2. Removed the option from BIOS menu? Okay, stupid and annoying, but well, there's always EFI shell where you can edit variables by yourself... Writing a piece of code that resets that one particular variable on each boot? Sorry, but that's just nasty. There is no reason to do that if the goal is just to provide best experience on supported OS. Although I agree that it's unlikely this was targetted specifically against GNU/Linux and other OSes. The most important thing would be that Windows 7, 8 and older won't boot anymore. Pushing Intel to provide the drivers or at least documentation would be the best solution - the BIOS lock would become irrelevant. However, I don't agree with conclusion that Lenovo isn't to blame. They went out of their way to ensure that even power users playing with EFI shell won't be able to switch to AHCI mode. I don't care about Microsoft here. Lenovo showed its bad side and I probably won't be buying their devices anymore - which is a pity, as I'm writing this on my Yoga 2 Pro, with my company's Yoga 900 (fortunately older, unblocked revision) nearby and I liked those devices. Then obviously Intel providing the drivers is what he'd like to see happening, regardless of what and why Lenovo did here. With the driver, it doesn't matter if Lenovo did it to lock out older Windows versions, Linux users or just to screw with their customers for fun - because it would work. However, it's still Lenovo who's playing bad here. Intel provides a mode in their controller that works with everything. It's Lenovo who deliberatelly made it almost impossible to access. If you read that forum thread you would know, that many of them already went past various ways to contact Lenovo and even got a "it's been escalated to dev team, but nothing more to say about it" reply there after a few months of complaining (that changed nothing of course). There is no real reason to write code that goes out of its way to prevent you from switching into AHCI mode even if you know what you're doing (like in EFI shell). Hiding the option from BIOS menu is absolutely enough to "ensure Intel specific drivers are used for power management purposes". It would be annoying, but workaroundable. There is no real reason for anything more, aside of being able to get months of complains about not releasing a one line fix allowing your customers to use your hardware. The change wasn't made in BIOS update, only newer physical models had this change applied and they shipped right away being blocked. Aside of that, this couldn't even be a change made in BIOS update, because every OS installed earlier, including preinstalled Windows, would stop booting without being provided with Intel driver. In my experience, while Firefox does lose with Chromium when it comes to slowness (e10s and APZ helps a lot, but still doesn't win), it definitely wins when it comes to power usage and leaves Chromium in dust. Yes way. Now I'm using Tab Center experiment from Test Pilot, which makes it easier for me to clean up unused tabs, so now I'm keeping it around 100, but earlier it was very common for me to have around 600-700 tabs open. Once I got to 1200. It started to feel a bit sluggish during the usage and I had to restart it daily. Restarting took about 3-4 minutes, but it was fine for some time after restart. Eventually got tired of it and reseted the whole session. On the other hand, Chromium becomes almost unusable with around 50 tabs. I cannot imagine having more than 200 tabs open in it, both from UI and CPU/RAM perspective. Actually, the tab argument is very poor. Chrome does not cope well with more than low tens of tabs open, while Firefox handles it very well (from my experience up to around 1000). Same here. Chromium with more than just a few tabs open is almost unbearable on 8GB RAM, while Firefox works well with hundreds. Not true in my case. Chromium often makes the system start feeling unresponsive by causing a lot of swapping, while Firefox deals well with way more tabs open and still keeps some RAM free for other apps to use. When Firefox catches some memory leak and also starts to swap, restarting it fixes the issue (but I have to say that it has become very rare nowadays), but when I restart Chromium, I have to quickly clean up unused tabs to prevent them from eating whole RAM again. On my 8GB RAM machines, Chromium performs faster when there are up to 10 tabs open, but otherwise Firefox easily beats it. I don't know what they do, but Kubuntu does seem to be a bit heavy compared to Plasma 5 on other distributions. I seem to recall KDE devs calling out Kubuntu for its poor KDE integration. But that's not a cable that everyone has everywhere. So many times around me poor iPhone owners couldn't charge their phones at parties because nobody had their kind of cable around, while for microUSB you've got plenty of helpful charger and powerbank owners. To be honest, lately owners of phones with USB-C were having the same problem, but I guess it's gonna change faster than with Lightning cables. Openmoko used GTK+ in their first two distro iterations, then Qtopia on X11 with E17-based WM, and then went fully EFL. And since 2008, when I got my Neo Freerunner, I didn't have many issues with phone functionality unless I broke it myself (which I kept doing, as I loved to tinker with that phone) - and I've been using Freerunner for years until I replaced it with N900. The worst issue I experienced that wasn't my fault was that in GTK-based Om2007.2 messaging app slowed down awfully once it got thousands of SMS in its history, with evolution-server hogging the CPU for many seconds on most actions. Didn't happen on next OS iterations. There was also buzz issue on early devices, but that was easily fixable. I preordered my Neo Freerunner and it was able to make phone calls since day zero. Of course, Neo1973 was a different story, as it pretty much wasn't supposed to be fully working on day zero ;) I know from personal experience how hard it is to actually use AOSP phone. I eventually gave up, installed microG and started using apk mirrors, which makes things a lot better, though not ideal yet. There's F-Droid which is bringing some hope, but pure AOSP with F-Droid still cannot even compete with Nokia N900. Here's to static text blog posts that don't display without JavaScript. That surely doesn't make the web any safer ;P So? The point is, there is no up to date version of Skype for Android. There is one for Android-based Google Play platform, but none for Android itself. Android lacks apps so badly it's almost unusable. People should stop calling Android open when in fact they mean Google Play platform and do not realize what's really left there when you leave it pure Android. I haven't used Pascal for a very long time now, but AFAIK Free Pascal is going pretty nice and modern. Apparently, there are some very nice and polished games implemented in Pascal, like Hedgewars or Ultrastar Deluxe. I can imagine that's the case. Chrome with just moderate number of tabs open (under 100) already becomes unusable, both from UI and performance perspective, while Firefox many times worked fine for me with thousands. https://unixjunkie.blogspot.com/2006/02/char-apple-argument-... Check the WebGL support in your browser. That "digits=18" in R example probably bothers me more than it should. Yeah. I'll sound cheesy now, but - open your eyes. There are plenty of locked down computers around us in everyday use that often need to be literally exploited in order to turn into something resembling a device controlled by its owner instead of manufacturer. One easily noticable group of them is called "mobile phones", for instance. Hardly surreal, that's just my workflow, which works well under Firefox, so I don't see the need to change it. Sometimes, when I reach a few hundred open tabs, I just clean them all up (at a few thousand it was usually becoming slow, so I started to clean up earlier; looks like with the new changes I might be able to reach thousands again) No. It's Apple who needs to do that. This isn't a free software project - lack of documentation is an argument for abandoning the platform, not for starting a community project of doing work for Apple for free. Disallowing XUL extensions made it possible to make many underlying changes that otherwise would break a lot of them. There are plenty of long-lasting tickets on Bugzilla being finally tackled in Firefox 57. Thankfully, NoScript will still work just fine - it's already a WebExtension/XUL hybrid and Firefox 57 will bring last changes needed to make it fully WebExtensionified :) This. When I read stuff like "his conservative support for free speech" the only thing that comes to my mind is excusing hate speech by appealing to freedom of expression, and generally the "tolerating the intolerance" issue. I'm from Europe though, so maybe my point of view on what "conservative" and "liberal" means differs from American one, so an explanation would sure be handy. Switching letters and words like what you described happens to me occasionally *but not consistently) when I'm really tired or not fully awake yet. Just wondering - do fonts like https://opendyslexic.org/ make it easier for you to read? Using biometrics for security is hardly secure anyway. I am totally not interested in what PS4 or Xbox has to offer and will probably get one only when the prospect of porting one of my games to those consoles will be good enough to justify it (and that'll need them in some devkit form probably anyway). On the other hand, I'm eagerly looking for more details about Ataribox. I only have a laptop(s) with Intel GPUs and I'm more and more in need of some device with stronger GPU with dedicated VRAM (mostly for testing, but occasional gaming with higher FPS would be nice too). I'm not keen on updating the laptop, as GPU is pretty much the only thing that would need to be replaced (and with Intel's worry-free open drivers stack, I actually like to have it on my main computer). I thought about building some cheap desktop just for those needs, but if Ataribox keeps on its promise of being so open, it might be just right (and cheaper) option for me. Atari emulator would then be just a nice bonus. I don't know Novatio, but out of the others, Ouya was pretty much the only one that flopped. That's not really the price tag that's discussed here, isn't it? It can stream the whole desktop, it's just a tad inconvenient - you have to leave Big Picture running minimized. Well, most of stuff that make recent Firefoxes better, like Electrolysis or WebExtensions, was either initially made for or a fundamental part of Firefox OS. B2G extensions were already WebExtension-based when its preview release landed in Firefox 42. e10s was indeed introduced way earlier, but Firefox OS and Fennec were its main users for a while, which for sure has sped up the development significantly. Same with things like APZ. That's up to personal taste. I have every day contact with macOS and can't stand it. File management and some UI paradigms in general. Terminal.app isn't very comfortable. Package management feels hacky and various things seem to work better with various managers. And the need for 3rd party package manager for basic stuff itself. Absolutely terrible OpenGL drivers. The way library linking is implemented for the bundle files is horrible. Troubleshooting is hard. And those are just first things from a quick dump out of my head, I could type more. macOS seems like a better, Unix-based Windows for me. Better than Windows, but that's pretty much the only thing I can say about it. When it comes to used SoC, booting GNU/Linux on it isn't really groundbreaking. I'm much more interested in i.mx6/i.mx8m's power consumption and heat generation. Those chips are often targeted for and used in automobile industry, with bulkier power supply and good cooling, so putting them in a phone might pose some big challenges. Nevertheless, as a guy who used to be active part of Openmoko, OpenPhoenux and Neo900 communities, I wish them luck! It's not hard to boot plenty of SoCs on mainline kernel, plenty of open devices use TI OMAPs, for instance, that's pretty well supported. What's hard is to provide proper GPU acceleration, support for all included hardware and power management tailored for particular device. Seems like i.mx6/8 are good with the first one (sadly, OMAP sucks there), that's nice. However, regarding the rest - you don't expect that Librem 5 will be really usable as a phone on mainline Linux on launch and some time (possibly years) after launch, do you? GTA04 project has had (and still has) a massive aspiration to upstream all the kernel changes and drivers, but they're still not done after many years (although close), because a lot of things that actually make the mobile device usable are device specific hacks that rarely are accepted upstream. Now it boots on upstream kernel (or not, it changes from release to release), but if you really want to use it as a phone, you still have to use Goldelico kernel. Which is of course completely open, just not mainline. Earlier, with Neo Freerunner, the situation was similar, aside of the fact that amount of non-upstreamable hacks were much higher and there was no stuff like device tree back then, so nobody made any serious progress on upstreaming. Also, booting is one thing. Getting everything in shape to be usable as a every-day device with small battery is another. The road from "booting on mainline" to "workable smartphone on mainline" isn't doable in a year or two, when you also have to design and produce the device during that time. However, that's not a big issue at all. Mainline eventually will get better and better, and if you have active community and try to minimize the deviation from mainline, rebasing isn't that hard. What can be an issue is power and thermal requirements of used chipset. I don't know about any mobile device that has used it before (but that's doesn't mean it doesn't exist), and I've already seen projects rejecting them as "not for mobile", that's why I'm eagerly waiting for more info about this SoC's performance. So, instead of writing great multiplatform desktop app in, say, Qt, and writing great Web frontend, you write half-baked desktop-web hybrid that doesn't feel great anywhere. Awesome. That's a great reason for Electron to exist and I'm all for it. If you want to mess around, do silly stuff just because you can, it's amazing that such technologies exist and you can do magic with pretty low learning curve. Heck, I've been doing stuff in the past like complete smartphone UI with Node and Chromium, just because I could and wanted to experiment. However, that's a really bad argument when it comes to software development of proper tools that need to be developed and maintained and actually used by people. I haven't tried VS Code, but Atom definitely doesn't feel that great. Looks like a lightweight editor, feels like a big, heavy moloch. Atom's selling point to me was always its easy hackability, and that's where Electron tremendously wins: doing hacks, software meant to be set up quick'n'dirty, personal experiments, stuff done because "why not". I'm glad that Electron (and Atom too) exists because of that. However, that's definitely not a reason to write any serious tools in it. Using any Electron app with my 8GB RAM is a nightmare, and most of them look so out of place that (from the UX perspective) I don't know why they were put outside of the browser in the first place. [eidt] Oh, and the main thing - VS Code and Atom definitely don't share their code with any Web version running in browser. Doesn't that make the original argument moot? "on maybe the most popular mobile OS on earth" You can't be the most popular if your competitor's market share is ~85%. https://www.idc.com/promo/smartphone-market-share/os In the USA, which is a pretty small part of the Earth, and where iOS has 45% of the market, compared to 15% worldwide. Cross-compiling bash to JavaScript and implementing VT would probably be enough :) Try it anyway. From all the browsers that don't have your key extensions, Firefox 57+ might still be the best option. It's still greatly customizable via userContent.css file, and there's a lot of motion to improve the abilities of WebExtensions. Thanks to that I've brought back vertical tabs on Firefox 57 that now look and work even better than before - something I wouldn't be able to do on Chromium at all. If Mir becomes a Wayland server and they switch to Wayland DE session, that will still be technically true ;) Shouldn't it be Nvidia who needs to write it in their README? It's them who are incompatible with everything else, not Sway or Kwin. Initially I thought that it's about RSS - I rejected it as too extreme. But then it turned out it's about social media - so, obvious and understandable :) Those are the direct paths and it's system global. BTW. 0.0.0.0 is not "your own IP", that would be 127.0.0.1. 0.0.0.0 is non-routable, so always resulting in error. Aren't they compatible now on amd64 though? Switching to Apple doesn't really seem like a good way to move towards being more privacy conscious. Even if you don't mind the walled garden and lack of control of your own device (you should if you really want to care about privacy), recent revelations like silently granting special permissions to Uber app should remove any remaining appeal there may have been in them. Spending time on problems you wouldn't have to solve if you would choose your tools more carefully instead of following fads, and still coming up with something very far from optimal. That would be awesome post if it was made as an experiment, to test the limits of Electron, to learn and let others learn, to just play with BrowserView. But seeing this as a technical write-up about one of the very popular chat apps used out there, it's just sad and wasteful. Well, you're kinda right, but only if you count the IRC gateway in. All I'm saying is that you'll just be under a delusion. False sense of security is way worse than no security at all. If you really want/need to stick to the big two systems, some AOSP build with microG is way better option that iOS, where you can do almost nothing to actually get your privacy back into your own hands. It works for the whole desktop, so yes. I somewhat miss XMPP. I'm not sure if adblockers already block most of the miners, but there are now dedicated addons for people that don't want to deal with NoScript: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/no-coin/ Nor as private as you wish. You can't install any system apps without root permissions, and at this point you can do anything, so why bother? You have absolutely no control over what runs on your phone. You cannot even audit the software without breaking into your own device. The broadband firmware is known to be bad quality security-wise and it's tightly connected to the rest of the system. It's a walled garden where specific corporation has complete control over your privacy and you have no other choice than to trust them. Plus Apple has been already seen granting exceptional permissions to some apps like Uber for unclear reasons, so you have to trust third parties as well. As someone who uses free software and worked closely with some mobile privacy-related projects, it's headscrambling to see iPhone users talking about privacy. I won't use it; you're free to do so, but when it comes to your privacy, it's just a delusion. At least be aware of what you've got - no security and privacy is way better than a false sense of it. I think it still is, aside of older versions of itself. Oh, absolutely. It seemed that I would have to say goodbye to Tab Center with 57 and was very unhappy with it, but thankfully it turned out that I was able to make it even better than before. userChrome.css rocks :) https://dosowisko.net/Screenshot_20171030_203716.png https://dosowisko.net/Screenshot_20171030_203804.png ...which you can also remove with userContent.css file. I had a few times in past years when I got so irritated by sluggishness of Firefox that I moved to Chromium, despite of the completely unusable tab UI it has when compared to Firefox's (even without addons). Well, it always turned out that Chromium with 8GB RAM and my browsing habits is even worse, so I returned back to Firefox, but if I had 16 or 32GB of RAM it might have turned out to be a different story. I'm so glad Firefox catches up. Instead of thinking "I wish Chromium had better UI and I had more RAM", I can just be happy with my browser, embracing my workflow instead of trying to adapt it to the available tools. Nothing can beat Chrome in being the fastest to become unusable when opening many tabs ;) http://www.morbo.org/2017/11/linux-sandboxing-improvements-i... I typically have hundreds, sometimes low thousands of tabs opened in Firefox on 8GB RAM and it works well, while ~30-50 is an upper limit of what Chrome can do without bringing the whole system to swapping hell. Plus, Chrome's tab UI makes more tabs completely unusable, while vanilla Firefox works well and can also offer massive improvements like vertical tabs. dom.ipc.processCount in about:config There's also Tab Center Redux, for people who already need a better way to handle tabs, but don't need or want to use trees there: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tab-center-re... Thanks to Firefox's userChrome.css, you can pull pretty nice customized UIs even without any additional extensions :) https://github.com/eoger/tabcenter-redux/wiki/Custom-CSS-Twe... Unless you use patched version like Ungoogled Chromium, not really. https://github.com/Eloston/ungoogled-chromium It's not very unlikely for me to have thousands of tabs open in Firefox. It makes the browsing, especially researching, worry free, and with good UI (scrolling tabs, searching in Awesomebar and possible extensions like Tab Center Redux or Tree Style Tabs) it's still easy enough (if not easier) to navigate. I can't stand using Chromium, since after a few hours of browsing you can't navigate the tabs at all, since they are all reduced almost to single pixels. I never use bookmarks, at all. Tabs in Firefox work that way just great. >It uses a lot of RAM I think Firefox uses a bit more RAM than Chrome when being just opened with fresh session. The point is - that value doesn't increase so massively when opening more tabs as with Chrome. On my machine with 8 GB RAM, Chrome is just unusable, as it eats the whole RAM and everything starts to swap. If you actually use the browser, Firefox clearly wins regarding RAM usage. Here, right now, with 136 tabs open and 20 extensions, Firefox Nightly uses 2 GB of RAM, with 0.5 GB being used by 1 one of 8 content processes (so probably mostly by long-running Facebook tab, which is massive resource hog). Chrome would eat the whole 8 GB somewhere around 30-50 tabs already. 59 AFAIK I had that issue (slow restart) with earlier versions, but it has been fixed with FF56. The pattern I noticed is that with small amount of tabs Firefox can consume more RAM, but the situation quickly changes in favor of Firefox when opening more of them. What? I have hundreds, sometimes low thousands of tabs open constantly - auto shrinking tabs is exactly what makes me despise Chrome. It's completely unusable once you reach circa 50 and mouse wheel becomes the only way to navigate them. In contrast, Firefox, thanks to no auto shrinking, is somewhat usable out of the box, and works wonderfully with extensions like Tab Center Redux or Tree Style Tabs. About acceleration - dunno about macOS, but on GNU/Linux there's lots of low-hanging fruits to get by tweaking a few entries in about:config. Check out https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Firefox/Tweaks And it's available now: https://noscript.net/getit Already fixed: https://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/man-db.git/commit/?id=84bd... Apparently there's a bug related to scaled resolutions on macOS. It's being investigated: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1404042 kwin has those as well, since KDE 4. https://ubuntulife.files.wordpress.com/2009/07/oxygen-tabs.p... [edit] Actually, it seems it's still missing in KDE SC 5 :( If it's already possible to write C extensions, then it's already possible to write Rust extensions, so that would be a non-news. I would wonder why Go if Rust is available. Rust isn't hard. The only somewhat hard thing in Rust is writing with borrow checker, and honestly, if you want to seriously write in C, you really need to go through that experience and understand it enough to feel somewhat comfortable with it. And even if that would really be a thing, giving up compiler checks in order to allow more low quality code to be contributed doesn't really seem like a good trade off to me. Yes. Things have definitely accelerated since Nokia regarding desktop platforms. High DPI support has gone through a few iterations and is working pretty well now. Also, Qt is now using open governance model. Qt Quick is still important, but I wouldn't say it's the single, most important thing it used to be anymore. Why would you even want to use JS on desktop if you have other options available? JS is the choice on the Web, because it's the only choice. It's the choice on Electron, because you can share the code base with Web version or make stuff like editors targeted to JS developers, so they can hack them while using them. But otherwise, it seems like the only worse option you could use for desktop apps is PHP. Why are people doing it to themselves? Since we're in a submission about Qt: if you really don't want to touch C++ (which is kinda understandable, although C++ with Qt actually isn't that bad), Qt is very well supported in Python. Using them together is a breeze, and if you really do miss the craziness of JavaScript, you can still use it in QML :P And if QML is what you only care about, you can even wrap it with Rust. I've been a professional JS developer for a few years, doing both in-browser and node-based automation stuff (never desktop apps in JS though, thankfully). What I mean is that while new JS revisions are trying to catch up and become somewhat pleasant to write in, there's still tons of baggage of bad decisions from the past that make this language simply awful when compared to basically any other popular language - and those aren't stagnating either. Just in order to retain your sanity, you need to use several layers above JS to transpile your code - like JSX when you do UI or TypeScript when you do... well, anything. I believe that JS is considered easy only because you can get your first impressive results very quickly when combined with HTML and CSS, which makes it easy to not lose your focus when learning. That might make it a good language to learn in, say, primary school on IT lessons - of course, only if there weren't other, better suited stuff available targeting these cases specifically already. Anything else actually makes JS harder than, say, Python. Or Go. Or C#. Or Java. Or even C++ with Qt (although C++ is easily second worse). Or Rust. There's just so much stuff you have to keep in your head while writing JS, it's not worth it. But you have to let go of "I know it, so I'll use it, no matter how well suited it is" mentality, and that can be challenging. Yes. Check out https://github.com/woboq/verdigris QML was heavily inspired by EFL's Edje and the QEdje project, which was started in the middle of 2008. Qt Kinetic was initially presented at the end of 2008, however, it was still pretty much widget-oriented (the closest you could get to QML's was to use QGraphicsWidget by yourself, like Plasma 1 did). Qt Declarative (later called Qt Quick), including QML, has been shown in May 2009, a year after the acquisition by Nokia (June 2008, announced in January). Well, personally I wouldn't, but generally, why not? It's just increasingly more separate from what people usually call "Android". Sorry, but how are kernel panics related to userspace software? Isn't it just the indicator that your operating system is somehow broken? I don't know much about the older versions (last time I have played with iOS was iOS 7 I think), but I have recently got an iPhone 5S for development with iOS 11.2 and it's definitely one of the most glitchy mobile OSes I have ever used - and I've used plenty of community managed AOSP "ROMs", Replicant with missing drivers and some Openmoko distributions. I didn't expect much, but I honestly didn't expect it to be so bad. And I'm not even using it as a phone. ...and jumped back moments later. How many of these we're going to get? If a device can be bricked just by a simple reflash of the OS partition, then it's a very good reason for me not to buy it at all. >Although I will sorely miss the "Copy on the phone, Paste on Mac" functionality. KDE Connect Also, I'm using a Yoga with 3200x1800 13" display without bigger issues, so in general, "retina" screens are replaceable. >Although, there is no way for me to know. That's the absolute showstopper when it comes to privacy anyway, isn't it? They can say whatever they want, the fact is - they build devices I can't control and invest heavily in keeping their gardens walled, which is directly against me being sure about my privacy. At least it's very easy to run 7.1.2 and soon 8.1 even on S3 (I do), while with iPhone you're completely at Apple's mercy. What about official (but from OS, not hardware vendor) software downloaded as a source code easily compiled by yourself? I have reported it to c3voc and they just said they're going to recut it :) Thanks for mentioning! Didn't they actually leave some text file in the filesystem with some kind of "happy hacking" note on (S)NES Classic? Here's the recording from the talk: https://media.ccc.de/v/34c3-8782-intel_me_myths_and_reality IMO the first half is almost useless, but the second one is actually worth listening to. It's probably being replaced with a more complete file, since the original one had its ending cut by mistake. There's always the raw recording if somebody needs to watch it right now: https://streaming.media.ccc.de/34c3/relive/8941 You can with microG, which even provides preconfigured builds with microG instead of Play Services - https://lineage.microg.org/ And if something doesn't work without Google Play Services, it might work with microG instead. And if you expect to use them, try microG - the free software reimplementation of Google Play Services. The newer version of signature spoofing patch (included in microG's LineageOS fork) allows you to control the spoofing and make sure that it's only used when necessary and permitted, so I'd say the answer is "no". https://lineage.microg.org/ - tracking very closely, just adding the spoofing patch and preinstalling microG, F-Droid etc. IIRC the newer version requires the app to not only have the permission, but also be installed as a system app, so you can't install it accidentally. Goodnight sweet prince! It's back. Check out https://github.com/indywidualny/FaceSlim - seems to be the sanest way to access Facebook from a mobile. Also available on F-Droid. So, basically KDE Connect? With my girlfriend's Macbook, we can never be sure that if its lid is closed to sleep, it will wake up. With linuxes on my laptops, it always does. Of course it doesn't prove anything, but simply reminds that YMMV. Updates are always breaking something, to the point I had to convince her to update to (High) Sierra, so I could install new Xcode, because she didn't want to. Font rendering is ugly, too bold, I can't look at it. Touchpad is somewhat acceptable - I've used both better and worse. Spaces aren't really useful. But those of course are up to personal taste. I had some contact with OS X somewhere around Tiger and Yosemite. I had some contact with iOS somewhere around 7.0. I do remember them as quite stable and problem-free, although not really the most usable nor exciting for me personally. Recently I started to have contact with newest macOS and newest iOS, and damn, it feels like every mention of "not having to deal with headaches" regarding those OSes is as poor joke. There are so many of small glitches and annoyances, bugs and poor UX decisions, that I really feel like my Arch is more polished, and that's something. Not even speaking about phones. Recently I've spent just a few days with macOS and iOS trying to port a game to iOS and I could add a few bugs to this list. Most of them rather cosmetic and just annoying, but speaking about the quality of the software nevertheless. Already did earlier. Had it's own pile of annoyingness, sure, but general impression wasn't that bad (well, was bad, until I've seen iOS). But it could be just that nothing has been falsely advertised to me with Android and I knew what to expect :P The tooling is better on iOS indeed (aside of being limited to macOS, which is a major PITA, but thankfully there's ssh and stuff). That's not the point though. What I meant is the overall quality of implementation, not the system designs themselves, where both have their obvious upsides and downsides. What I mean is that you can't have WebGL context in WebView on iOS without risking crashes when your app goes to the background, because you can't use OpenGL when in the background and Apple's own WebView doesn't respect their own rule on that (which turns out is why AdMob users are often having seemingly random crash reports for their apps, I've learned from googling this issue). What I also mean is that I've found some reproducible UI glitches in Android during a few months of usage, and I've found similar amount of them during a few days of iPhone usage. It feels messy, even though Apple is in position where it's way easier for them to keep it tidy than in the every-vendor-can-do-anything-they-want-kindergarden of Android. Which is really telling. If it's really about Intel here, at least this seems like something that could be mitigated with microcode update. The length of the bar tells you nothing, as it simply covers the "(redacted)" text underneath. My Yoga 2 Pro has hidpi display and better touchpad than MBP's. Yoga 900's touchpad is way worse though, so if you really care, always check if you can try it first. That would probably get removed from the walled garden. Getting your device to work was just a matter of plugging them in and copying the files to the mass storage drive that appeared afterwards. From the most popular options, it was only the iPod that needed some special handling with special software to write to its proprietary database in order to listen to new files on your device. No. Unless the application downloads and executes new code from third parties neither you nor application author can control every time you launch it, it's absolutely not comparable to most of the websites. But it's really really really hard to not do bad code in JS - a whole ecosystem seemingly built to encourage terribleness. Doesn't seem like it brings much over CMake aside of having yet another build system to support/know how to use. Same with addons like Tab Center Redux or Tree Style Tabs, as I can't imagine using the Web without them anymore. Remember that there's microG - free Play Services reimplementation: https://microg.org/ What about "czajnik" (teapot) in Polish then? ;) Apparently it still comes from "herbal tea" (herba thea). Some lines, like part of the M1 metro line in Warsaw, are somewhat prepared to serve as a shelter. Check if you have enabled GCM. With microG, anything that requires calling home is opt-in. If that's not it, report it. Every app I use works with microG, and any minor issues I had earlier were being resolved pretty quickly. Although it's maybe unwise and not exactly safe not to look around when crossing the street just because you had a green light, it's not you who causes an accident when some idiot drives into you after ignoring his red light. In such situations (not sure how reliable this source actually is in this case though, looks sketchy), blame Twitter. Blame it as much as you can. At the same time teach people to use e2e encryption, but there's noting to blame them for. You shouldn't have to encrypt your paper mail to retain some privacy and you shouldn't have to do it online. It's not "Wayland only", it's just that properly writing new display server-specific features for X11 is very hard compared to Wayland and probably not really worth the added maintenance cost. Check out https://blog.martin-graesslin.com/blog/2018/01/kwinx11-is-fe... Looks like a typical January in crypto. Going into dept to speculate doesn't really seem like the best idea regardless of the price. Is there anything particularly special about his age to make such a big fuss about it? Sure, this thing is worth an article like that, but it's not the age that makes it remarkable. People this age can just be perfectly capable to do stuff like that. What would have changed in perception of this article if he was not 22, but 32 years old? Would it still be mentioned in the title? Nokia (Maemo) - not really, it was more of a side project that worked pretty well for them and still would with such volumes as it got. They had a chance to turn it into something bigger, but waited for too long, playing internal battles between Maemo and Symbian teams, so eventually Microsoft came and pulled out the plug. OpenMoko - not really, it was major mismanagement in other areas (and some poor luck) that killed it, but AFAIR production volume was actually being predicted quite well. Firefox OS, Ubuntu Edge - sure. I would guess that a language in where the compiler holds your hand so you don't shoot yourself in the foot is probably by definition a bit easier than one that hides traps for you behind corner every now and then :) It's time again to advertise microG - free software reimplementation of Google Play Services which allows one to somehow control their privacy without abstaining from most of the Android software out there that require Play Services. There are even constantly updated images of a preconfigured LineageOS fork - https://lineage.microg.org/ I'm not sure if the dollar pricing is actually the most significant one when it comes to Bitcoin market, so I wouldn't actually put any significant meaning to round numbers in BTC/USD price. With most SPAs actually, as a user, I get less responsiveness due to overcomplicated UIs and memory leaks and, for instance while browsing in train, bad handling of poor connections. Facebook is a great example. It's almost impossible to have it opened for a long time in a few tabs simultaneously on a PC with 8 GB RAM. I often end up switching to m.facebook.com full page load version, cause it just works and it works fast. Waiting for "Falsehoods Programmers Believe About Falsehoods Programmers Believe" :P Let me use this thread to lazily look for simple advice. For privacy, I'm now using: DuckDuckGo Plus, First Party Isolation, Smart Referer, HTTPS Everywhere, uBlock Origin, Privacy Badger, Canvas Defender and Decentraleyes. There's also NoScript installed, but disabled (waiting for its clickjacking protection to return in WebExt version, although I might switch back to whitelisting JS sometime). Plus there's also Firefox's Tracking Protection enabled all the time. Anything worth adding? Anything that can be removed for sure, cause it just duplicates something else from this list? Anything should be replaced? (if yes, then why?) ClearClick is what I'm interested in, not script blocking, at least right now. WebExt version doesn't have it now, but I'm keeping it installed, so it just upgrades when it's added back. On my phone I'm using apt-get :P It's not about right-click bypassing, it's exactly about transparent things. ClearClick checks whether the image of what you click matches the image of element that's being clicked, shows you the preview and asks if you really want to click it. The best pre-WebExt feature of NoScript. There's also good old Privoxy. Both are terrible languages, popular only because of being the first to target some important niche. There is no flame war to make here :) I'm a frequent game jam participant, that's my little weird hobby. My GitHub now is an ugly mix of my well-done free software projects, forks of thinks that I contribute to, small little utilities/hacks/old student projects I upload just in case it's useful for someone someday, and tens of ugly code dumps of things I made from scratch in 48 hours with varying output quality and constantly bad code quality. And I don't feel bad about it at all :P What the hell have I just read? No, from what I can see in this article, you are the troll, trying to make your name/business appear/stay on Wikipedia without accepting the Wikipedia rules. The list of things to do to make sure "your page" isn't deleted is just outrageous. If you think you're in position to have an article on Wikipedia about you, stay away from that article. Unless it's factually wrong, you're the last person to have anything to say about it. It's as simple as that. BTW - seems like this is the wiki page she's talking about: http://speedydeletion.wikia.com/wiki/Amy_Osmond_Cook Some window managers like KWin implement some measures to deal with that, called "focus stealing protection". Not exactly what you ask for, but just as a note: I had to add Polish online train ticket service to the whitelist in Smart Referer add-on, as it always fails with meaningless "invalid site call" error otherwise :P Possibly, but it's not like it's the Bitcoin's first time either. Or, it would simply mean providing updates to system WebKit, just like it's done on Android. > who the hell gets the address of stack memory and returns it? Most of beginners out there, who then cannot figure out the reason for their crashes, especially when it's not explicitly returned as the value of the function ;) Depending on what you're doing, AddressSanitizer might not be available for you to use, as there are plenty of ASAN-incompatible constructs that may be used by libraries your application depends on. (it's worth looking at other sanitizers anyway, it seems not everyone is aware of their existence after all; if you can't put C away they're really great tools for retaining your sanity :)) US government, in case you're like me and start with reading the comments before checking out the article. I'm looking into starting implementing Wayland support in Allegro 5 game library, which is basically a multiplatform way to get and handle a window with OpenGL context inside. You get some drawing API, some helper functions useful for games, events etc. There is no toolkit used, because why would it need one? So I can support KDE's SSD protocol. Fine, can do it. But... what about other compositors, like GNOME's Mutter? Oh, great, so I'll have to implement full working window decoration by myself, only for this single windowing system on a single platform? How should it look? How should it behave? How should it be configured? Who the hell even thought that would be a good idea? OK, let's check SDL2 then, it's a quite similar and nowadays more popular library, I wonder how did they do it, as I heard they have Wayland support already done. Oh... window decorations on SDL2/Wayland are not implemented, so there is just no decoration. https://bugzilla.libsdl.org/show_bug.cgi?id=2710 Awesome. I'll probably end up with the same thing, as I'm using KDE Plasma and it will just work fine for me. Whatever. CSD is an awful idea and whoever came up with it should feel bad. Massive step back. Sounds like this shortcut triggers an action performed by compositor, while the parent is talking about actions triggered by applications. Biggest leak in history... uhm, well. Somebody takes way too much credit into Apple's secrets. I've installed CommaFeed on my server (was easy), wrote some little hack-patches to make it behave just exactly like I want it to and it works very well :) But 0h Game Jam! :( http://0hgame.eu/ (see the FAQ) RSS reader (self-hosted CommaFeed), quick glance at comments when a headline catches my eye, then opening the article or not, most likely in a new tab to check out later. With those two big filters, the amount of stuff that's actually interesting to me seems manageable. The newsletter is actually triggered by heading to close button detection (there are scripts that detect fast movement towards the top of the page and display "wait a moment" popups), which I agree is one of the worst things that happen to the Web these days. And that fancy transition (which I wouldn't mind actually) is even broken on Firefox - it ends sliding both in and out, and only then the page actually switches. And add big Gtk+ dependency to the library (and in result, all the games that use it) just to get the window decorations drawn on a single windowing system? Which will probably look ugly and out of place on non-Gtk+ DEs anyway? That's an unacceptable idea. On some systems where I would like to see Allegro on Wayland running, there's no Gtk+. Also, it adds a very big dependency to distribute with your game if you want to bundle the deps or link statically, so the binary doesn't break in a few years when distributions will stop packaging Gtk+3. All this for no other reason than getting the window decorations drawn on poorly designed desktop environments. (in fact, Allegro already has an extension that makes it use Gtk+ on X11 if you want to use native dialogs and menus, but it's a completely optional extension for a reason, as most games don't need them anyway) No need for Gtk+ on Plasma Mobile phones, for example. Gtk+2 has some major apps like Gimp that ensure that it's here to stay for a while. Gtk+3's life will sure be shorter, more like Qt4's. Anyway, it doesn't matter. There is no need for Allegro to link with Gtk+ by default, period. Just like mpv, just like SDL, just like many other apps and libraries that don't need a regular toolkit. For some it might be even hard to integrate the glib's mainloop. "You should use Gtk+" in CSD discussion is just a display of arrogance. It supports it, because it's just a regular GNU/Linux distro. It's not a good enough argument to bring in an unwanted dependency you might not have installed on your device otherwise, especially on a device with limited space and memory. Why do you need arguments from me anyway? There's no good argument for CSD, and without it there wouldn't be any problem at all ;P > You don't need decorations on a mobile phone anyway. For that point to bring anything meaningful into the conversation it would mean that we'd have to write two separate Wayland backends - one for sensible compositors and platforms where decorations aren't needed, and second one with Gtk+ for CSD. Not going to happen. Also, no, it wouldn't be interesting for this matter at all. The library like Allegro or SDL shouldn't bring such dependencies as a complete toolkit with itself for such a tiny stupid (yet essential) thing like window decoration. Just because you don't care about making your stuff lightweight and well designed, it doesn't mean nobody cares. CSD only makes things complicated, both for app developers, who now have to suddenly have to care not only about drawing decos, but also silly things like inactive borders for shadows; and for users, who then get tons of different decos across windows on a single desktop. If you want to make an app with custom decorations, fine, do it, I'm even glad there are now protocols for that - but don't make it mandatory for everyone just because you're too lazy to support decorations in your compositor. And in this whole discussion, you didn't even bring one argument for it, aside of "many disagree" - only an unwanted solution to artificial problem. The proper solution is "support SSD in your compositor". There is a protocol for that too now. How is any "majority" relevant here? Majority of apps don't care about CSD vs. SSD at all, because why would they? Most use toolkits, most don't care about decorations whatsoever, because they just are there automatically. That's completely missing the point. It's the CSD-stubborness of some projects that make everyone's life worse (now just minority of developers, but increasing number of users as well, since Gtk+ is not the only toolkit out there) and opens the can of pandora that leads to this kind of problems we're discussing here. It's completely unnecessary (you can use CSD on KDE Plasma after all, you're not losing anything!) and brings the whole state of FLOSS a few steps back, holding back the Wayland migration as well. I'm sad that some people are so focused on their own needs that they fail to notice that. It's irresponsible. Slack provides IRC relay, which initially was almost feature complete, but got out of date with time. Anyway, in some time Slack will probably fade away as quickly as it appeared, further contributing to the problem grandparent noticed and you seem to misunderstand. Sure, we can make others do compositor's job, so compositor doesn't have to, but that's pretty ridiculous if you ask me. Why don't we do kernel's job in every userspace app then, say, for filesystems? This will make kernel devs' life easier after all. That's just a perfect example of the arrogance holding the whole FLOSS back I was talking about earlier :) No, the reality is that on desktop, where window decorations should be drawn, the compositor usually has a toolkit for buttons and stuff at hand, since it's closely related to the whole DE being used - like in GNOME, Plasma or Enlightenment. What's more, this relation in Wayland world is even tighter than it was in X11, since under X you could easily replace the window manager and still be able to configure stuff like screens and input with tools from your DE. With Wayland, unless DEs agree on standard way to configure their compositors (there's no sign of it yet), you can't and that's by design. Those compositors who don't have a toolkit at hand usually aren't targeted for desktop at all. On mobile, embedded, automobile etc. you don't usually need a toolkit, cause you won't draw decorations anyway. Wayland is supposed to go deeper than desktop, you know, and now with popular compositor being CSD-only you need to adjust all the toolkits and apps to not draw them if you want to launch them there, instead of doing it once in the compositor. And yes, while for majority of them it doesn't make sense, there are plenty of desktop apps or games that can run just fine on mobile without any modification, I've used bunch of them on my Openmoko and Maemo phones. FUSE is exactly the situation like it is now on KDE Plasma, which I fully support - the compositor provides decorations for any app to use, but if the app is interested in doing them itself, it's free to. Just like the kernel which provides the filesystem support, but if you want to implement some fs by yourself in userspace, you're free to - there's little point in doing sshfs in kernel, after all, just like there's little point in doing browser tabs in compositor. What GNOME is doing, however, is putting all filesystems into FUSE - no, it doesn't even provide common API to access them - and that's just a terrible idea. Also, to use your own argument - last time I checked, majority of the apps don't customize their window decoration space. Sorry, I've heard those pro-CSD-only arguments multiple times already, they just don't provide enough merit to be taken seriously (they're also often mixed with just pro-CSD, which I have absolutely nothing against). At times it starts to look like it's a conscious sabotage of the Linux desktop, but more realistically (I hope!) it's probably just bunch of influential people not having wide enough perspective to put things into proper context. I still fully stand behind my words on being irresponsible. [edit] Oh, just thought about it - on desktop, you probably need a toolkit in the compositor anyway if you want to provide good UX, cause when some app freezes, you need to have some way to signalize that to the user and give them a way to choose between closing the app, waiting for it to unfreeze, moving it away etc. Plus, there's XWayland which won't go away anytime soon, where you obviously still need to draw decorations. While I can agree with maintenance, I usually find debugging the most exciting part of software development. Problem solving is the essence of this job and I don't really understand what keeps people that hate it in this field. I have 1300 tabs open right now and circa 50 kept loaded, and can confirm. Recent versions of Firefox do a pretty good job at this. > What you would loose is the ability to configure the appearance of the decorations because the WM might do it differently. WM is the place where I want to configure the appearance and behavior of window decorations. So that's expected and positive. Point to me. > With CSD this is done by Gtk+ regardless of the WM. No, it's done by every toolkit separately regardless of the WM. You have one WM, and you have many toolkits. This is how the user looses the ability to configure the appearance of window decorations. Point to me. > A toolkit is still needed for buttons, text, etc. Some compositors don't need it. But yeah, most do. Point to me anyway. > Both come with Gtk+. Yeah, Gtk+2, which doesn't do CSD at all. And in both Openmoko 2008 and Maemo 6, GTK+ apps were already looking out of place, superseded by Qt and/or EFL. I'm not even sure if it was installed by default anymore. With CSD-only, stuff like Illume in Openmoko wouldn't be possible at all. It was already horrible to make it work well on X, don't make it even harder on Wayland! > Have a look at Windows and you'll see that most apps will do it if they are able to. All web browsers, the file manager, Office, ... Taking a look at Windows apps is the best point against CSD :) GNOME is following the example and starts to look awful and inconsistent as well, and let's not even speak about UX. Thankfully, I don't have to use it. > Chrome and Firefox Both configurable. For a reason. Even though they are actually in the minority of apps where CSD totally makes sense. Go figure. Anyway, this discussion went far off topic now. If you want to, use CSD in your app or your toolkit. I don't care. It will look ugly, have bad UX and it will add to the configuration mess, but I don't have to use it, so it will be problem of your users, not me. CSD works under X already, with a few caveats, but under Wayland it's already fixed, there's no issue with it at all. However, when you make a compositor for the desktop and you make it require CSD from every app out there, that's just evil, mean and creates problems. Don't do it. > The appearance won't match with GtkHeaderBar apps then. If your app have special needs and has to use CSD, it's up to you to provide (or not) matching appearance for your users, by toolkit or any other means to achieve that. With CSD-only, you're guaranteed to get non-matching appearance. It's way easier to provide all-matching appearance with SSD, since it's only minority of toolkits that decided to go full CSD, so you just have to match your Gtk+ style. > ... Let me remind you - the idea that compositor theoretically does not need a toolkit was yours, as an argument for CSD-only compositor. I have showed you that while theoretically it might have some merit, especially on mobile, in practice it doesn't work that way with desktop environments on Wayland - so it can't really be taken as a case in this point. > The idea is to have only one toolkit: Gtk+. Wow. Just, no. The only Gtk+3 app I usually run on my desktop is Firefox, and it's not even exactly a Gtk+ app. Let's keep such crazy ideas as science fiction, please. That might explain some attitudes on this topic (and some others - interoperability was always a somewhat poor side of the GNOME camp) though. Not a happy thought to be honest. > Who defines what's special and what's normal though? Typical app does not need to touch its window decoration, only some need. The distinction is natural. Even Gtk+ knows that distinction and lets you disable CSD for apps that don't customize the header bar. > Because of Xwayland and interactions with the user? Because it's tightly related to the whole DE, even more than under X, and that DE already has a toolkit for the compositor to use, be it Gtk+, Qt, Evas, St or whatever else. Plus, interactions. Plus, XWayland. Thinking gay marriage shouldn't be legal is not "conservative", it's plain discriminating. Denying abortions to others is a bit muddier, but somewhat similar - forcing your own, not universally accepted moral code on others isn't exactly the nicest thing to do after all. I don't know much about ACA, so can't say anything about it. With those three out of sight, I'm really interested in what kind of discrimination people in SFBA tech that are religious or dislike welfare face. I have took a look at that particular package ([edit] not really, see below), and it seems to be a very short code, grown into more lines by providing API for configuration (delay, smooth or not, duration, offset etc.) and various convenience wrappers for easy mixing-in into your components. It also implements scroll-spy behavior. Versions (and open issues) are mostly about adding/changing/fixing yet another of those convenience wrappers. If you do a lot of scrolling into various components on various actions on your page, this module can sure be handy. Otherwise, it doesn't really seem to do anything better than a simple snippet copy'n'pasted into proper place. Those "non obvious at first cases" in this case seem to be mostly about how developer uses it in their code, so if you just use it in one place to do one specific thing, there are none. [edit] Oh, sorry! I saw "react-scroll", while the article mentions "react-scroll-to-component". This one actually consists of 32 LOC and there's nothing more to it! It depends on "scroll-to", which is 66 LOC, but most of it is due to formatting and API and could be probably squeezed into a few lines without losing much clarity. Then it depends on a "tween", which actually does the smoothing and could be the one thing actually worth depending on, if that's what you need to achieve. In simplest cases it boils down into a one-liner as well, but it's a well-known library anyway. "scroll-to" also depends on "raf", which is a polyfill you might or might not need. That's hardly a point, since even some of those toolkits you mentioned are also available on Windows and macOS. We're talking about proper toolkits vs. Electron here. Good luck making Electron look native, yet alone "talk" with anything :P Python bindings for both Qt and GTK+ are really, really good. For other languages it sure is hit-or-miss though. What's more, while "npm install -g npm" correctly installs 5.6.0, "npm update -g npm" installs this apparently pre-release 5.7.0 version. FWIW, I was recently launching the same Ubuntu live USB stick on 4 different laptops to do some disk maintenance. Out of what you mention none of them had a fingerprint reader and I haven't tested Bluetooth (although I think the icon was there), but everything else that you mention worked out of the box with the single exception of WiFi on one of them (Macbook), which only needed a firmware blob to be added. And it was Ubuntu 16.10, because that's what I found on some USB stick lying around and was good enough. From my personal experience, my Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro is almost 100% supported - the only thing that's not right is the detection of various keyboard orientation modes (tent mode, presentation mode, tablet mode), so the keyboard and touchpad isn't reliably disabled when it should and the UI isn't notified about laptop/tablet mode switch. Looking forward to 4.16, which apparently carries some fixes in this field. However, while it worked correctly on the Windows installation which came together with the laptop (until I've removed it an hour later :P), some time later I had to install Windows for a moment, so using the chance I wanted to install all the OEM drivers to see how it works there (of course, out-of-the-box it didn't work at all ;)) but... I couldn't. Seems it's only supported by the installation prepared by the manufacturer (and by its recovery partition), nothing else. Even the automatic screen rotation didn't work - a thing that works reliably on Linux. While probably "all hardware" is a big stretch, from my experience there's is a big chance that everything actually will work out of the box and it's definitely way better than it was 10 years ago, when for instance I had to install OSS4 and get all apps to play nice with it just to get the sound card on my desktop supported :P > Except that they only set it for the primary output. Turns out if you have multiple displays, the profile for the first one is put into the _ICC_PROFILE X11 atom, but the profile for the second one in the _ICC_PROFILE_1 X11 atom, for the third display in the _ICC_PROFILE_2 X11 atom, and so on. It’s just that nobody seems to do this. Sounds like an easy thing to fix. I'd suggest the author to try and make some patches - don't know about GNOME, but KDE is pretty friendly and easy to contribute to. I don't understand that attitude, that's a pretty low price for a niche open hardware device. If the content is not in sRGB, don't you need to actually know the contents color profile in order to convert it to sRGB? How does the monitor profile matter at this point? (not challenging, just asking, I know next to nothing about color correction) It is. Better support? Open Hardware means Open Hardware, and nothing more - you get the access to the schematics, documentation, sometimes also right to produce similar devices by yourself. You can expect greater hackability, definitely, but "Open Hardware" sticker means nothing in terms of support or reliability. It might be better, it might be worse, you can't tell. The price in such projects is directly related to the production scale. How many EX3s, Spyders and ColorHugs have been produced? Open Hardware projects (especially the equivalents of already available non-free devices) are often costlier because it initially attracts only the people who really care about its hackability, which makes the yields low, which makes the prices high, which further strengthens that relation, and the circle is closed. With userbase kept small, most users usually keep the firmware/software support just right enough to scratch their own itches. Please remember that hardware is not software, and open hardware comes with completely different set of challenges than free (open) software and when it comes to hardware, you often really need to pay extra for the freedom - not just with your time, like we were used to with early FLOSS, but also with your money. If you choose a project because of its "Open Hardware" sticker, it's really more than likely that it will be costlier and it will be rough at edges, because it's usually harder to roll with such projects than with closed competitors and the ROIs are usually way smaller too. That's just how it is and there's nothing surprising about it; if you care about openness, you have to accept it, otherwise it will never get better. ...and this type of replies is why it stays that way. Well, at least when ignoring the UI/UX mention that has absolutely nothing to do with the discussion here (color correction is required in many fields, but UI and UX aren't really those ones). The author seems to be technical enough to make a nice analysis of what's done and what needs to be done. I suspect he might be able to provide this particular fix himself - or, if he isn't, then he might be able to contribute by providing a well-detailed feature request for others to implement (with that even I might be able to go and fix it, while without it I surely won't, as I lack the knowledge, hardware and in fact even awareness of this problem; only reading this post put some light on it for me). Some people don't do the mental switch between "I'll wait for fix" and "I'll fix it" if they're not used to it, even if they are perfectly capable of fixing it and have time for it. I see it on my own example, as there were some parts of the stack I never really considered digging into to fix stuff by myself, and when I finally tried, turned out there was no reason to keep myself restrained. It's just a friendly reminder that you can often fix such stuff by yourself and it might be not as hard as it seems. As with most Open Hardware projects, you pay extra for the mere fact of the device's existence. Without paying extra, it wouldn't exist, because producing stuff in small amounts is way more expensive per device than producing them in high volumes. Well, that's not true, and any user of f.lux/Redshift/Twilight will probably agree with me on that one. Or, any user of audio equalizer set to a genre preset. While I understand what you mean (having the screen properly calibrated out of the box would sure be nice), you might be using too strong words to express it :) Just what I suspected :) Thanks for doing it anyway! I have some strange urge to mention Electron right now... ;) Check out Logstalgia: http://logstalgia.io/ Kinda funny to see packet capture being called "a little-understood forensic process" :P +1. If you still want to receive some basic notifications on incoming messages, FaceSlim app is very nice :) https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.indywidualni.fblite/ Chrome does nothing with asm.js; it's Firefox who applies special, faster compilation routines to asm.js code. Why are you basing medical appliance on such a walled-garden technology you aren't in control of, while there are more accessible alternatives? Oculus was already known for locking up fiascos, this really shouldn't be a surprise for you. SteamVR (OpenVR) platform, which Fallout VR uses, supports Oculus Rift just fine, and so does OSVR. It's the other way around that needs hacky unofficial wrappers. Oh, so it changed! Didn't know that, thanks. When playing with Emscripten, I'm still seeing asm.js working noticeably faster in Firefox than in Chromium, so I just assumed that it's still how it was for years :) Anything based on OpenVR or OSVR? It's not like Oculus is a monopolist in this space, it's just one of the popular options and it's known to be the most locked up. > It can be tasty when you consider fruit. When you consider everything else, it's misery. I used to think that, but now I'm living with a hard-vegetarian/soft-vegan and I've discovered that it's not exactly true, even though my tastes didn't really change and I still dislike most of the vegetables. You're proving the grandparent's point. Android's "openness" matters only if you want to build your own OS based on Android or you're a system integrator. For users buying Android devices, it's more often than not just as closed platform as any other alternative. A few months ago I've bought an iPhone for testing and development. I've used it for a few days total, yet I can already count something about a dozen of UI glitches I've found just by using it, and one severe stability issue with underlying frameworks. It looks really untidy. I'm not sure that being smart is somehow correlated with attention to visual details. How does the broken logic board render all data unrecoverable? Both are natural for me. Squatting while standing on toes is quickly tiring though. Android, as is offered to most of the customers, is basically a completely closed platform that just happens to allow you to side-load APKs. It's basically Windows. For starters - have you tried to use Android without Google Play Services or its reverse engineered open reimplementation, microG? Android with F-Droid is like a completely different runtime platform than Android with Google Play. It might be a nice platform, but it's different - you can't just switch without extreme changes to your habits and apps you use, even if you don't mind installing closed apps. If you say "Android is open", you really mean something completely different than most of Android users think about when hearing "Android". When they hear or say "Android", they think "Google Play's Android". I'm still using Nokia N900, which is pretty close. I've used Openmoko Neo Freerunner pretty long, but unfortunately its performance was hard to stand anymore. For development, I also have Samsung Galaxy S3, which was the last one to have its baseband separated from the CPU. Replicant works there, so it might be a good choice in this regard as well. Looking forward for Librem 5, Neo900 or Pyra Phone now - whichever happens first. You need to make some sacrifices (hopefully less and less as the time passes), but the choice is there. FYI: in Polish, "kot" means "cat". Also, Kotlin is a popular ketchup brand here (unrelated to cats though) :P My favorite example is a popular German light bulb brand, Osram, which is also known in Poland. In Polish it means roughly "I'll put my excrement [on it]" :P