I'm very curious as to what they are going to do about the slow but steady rollout of DNSSEC around the world, given the main point is to stop spoofed responses (i.e. their business). Remember that PostgreSQL isn't run by a commercial enterprise, it's written by volunteers who as a general group couldn't care less about marketing, market share or what your business wants. For an rather more extreme example of this see OpenBSD, who basically say "if you want to use it go right ahead, but we build OpenBSD for our own use, not for your use." If he had just Google'd the hashes he'd have saved himself $2, considering there was no salting. (in response to tptacek below) it doesn't help against a single hash, but for multiple hashes you scale up the amount of work required by the number of salts in use. To get the undergraduate degree at Cambridge you have to pass the examinations for Part I and II (some subjects have IA, IB and II and others have I, IIA and IIB), along with some other crazy medieval rules. You can trivially switch once you've completed Part I, and also within the first weeks of starting Part I; there are some other circumstances but these are the most common. I find it pretty hard to believe the iOS review monkeys have the technical ability to reason about the disassembly of a binary (if sufficiently obfuscated there are maybe 1000 people tops on Earth with the ability to do this). As long as the operating system has a dynamic linker all bets are off wrt. static analysis, and the halting problem definitely applies to automated analysis. If the OS allows writable pages to ever be executable then you can pretty easily hide your nasty code in the low order bits of an innocent looking data file (say an image), then pull them out and execute them at runtime. hence "to ever be executable", they don't need to be writable and executable, as long as at one point they are writable (for you to dump your code in), then at some point they're executable (writable or otherwise). as for dlopen(), you could just compile that directly into your app rather than using it from libc/libdl, bypassing that limitation entirely. that's pretty incredible, I'm genuinely surprised. I suppose it's possible when you start from scratch, there's no way they could do that on the Mac. In the UK the merchant is not permitted to touch the customers card; all the card readers face the customer and are used by the customer (restaurants all have mobile PIN entry devices). Now each credit card in the UK is has a chip (which uses end-to-end crypto), they're looking to phase out magstripes completely. Currently if the merchant has to fallback to using the magstripe then he'll have considerably less protection against customer fraud, and he'll pay a much higher transaction fee. Square would not be permitted to operate in the UK. since Windows 2000 you've been able to register COM components in HKEY_CURRENT_USER. there's no online component... your phone takes the current time (divided by some value), the secret key, and performs a cryptographic function on it, then the system you're logging into does the same thing and compares the results. with secureid the secret key is fixed in the hardware (and RSA keep a copy of the key), whereas with Google authenticator you can generate and input the key yourself, so that Google never sees it. don't most people use their ISPs DNS servers, making this mostly irrelevant? the latter, e.g. I'd assume an competent ISP with a large customer presence on the west coast would have DNS servers for their customers on the west coast, or just use anycast... and VS is no IDEA, which also has Python support! seems like a lot of effort. I don't really care if my CC details appear in some IRC channel on EFNet, as I'm not liable for fraudulent use... a simple phone call to my card provider and they'll issue a chargeback... indeed, or pypi, or PEAR, and I'm sure ruby has something similar too and as a user of packages, rather than a package developer, I care about precisely none of that functionality. I want this package installed (plus its dependencies), and I want it now, that's all. I'm not sure I buy that (paraphrased) "Perl is good because CPAN has billions more packages than other language's repos" either, for one I remember trying to find a library that did SHA1 digests, there were three, and I managed to pick the one that give incorrect results... of course in Python it's just built-in, as are sockets, http, smtp, imap... I guess understanding why purely language bound code (which most likely accounts for 95% of the packaged code out there), e.g. an object system, would need testing across the cartesian product of all versions, all OSes and all archs, is beyond me... I guess when you have a language that doesn't have a specification, you require things like this... yes, but the point is if the utility provided by these "dists" would be mostly useless for other languages, then it's hardly honest to use said feature to promote CPAN (and therefore perl) against other languages. the review system is a questionable advantage too, as I don't want to go digging through 16 SMTP packages to find the best one, and especially as I suspect most people install CPAN modules through the command prompt (or via their distro's package manager), rather than digging through a website. I also note that Python tends to adopt the best packages into the standard library... in the UK offset mortgages are one solution to this problem: say you have a mortgage of £200k remaining, and £50k in a linked instant access savings account, then you only pay interest on £150k (no tax to pay on that effective interest either). if you've done Java commercially you've used sub-par tools. 1. any decent IDE will compile as you type 2. I'll give you this one 3. Java supports dynamic class reloading, it works out of the box with jetty. 4. you just press "run" in the ide. 5. same applies to java, just requires you take your (automatically built) .class file 6. I'm not sure how difficult you think JDBC is.. you just give it the connection string and the driver name. 7. just drop the war into your servlet directory, and you're done so the war is just built trivially by the IDE when you use a webapp type project. no messing around with the classpath as the war contains all dependent jars. if you want clean builds you set up something like jenkins (with the automatically generated exported build files). 1) and 3) I was referring to development, you can just code away and hit F5 to see your results the same way in Java you can with PHP. wrt database jars/binaries: a modern IDE does this all for you too, and is all output into the target war. doesn't look like you can turn it off once you visit that page... great sunk cost fallacy? their support is excellent too, I've had Eddy Nigg (the founder) respond to emails within 10 minutes on several occasions. sounds very much like the "current generation" to me, ZFS has done just about everything that article covers for a while, and it supports most of this too: "The NTFS features we have chosen to not support in ReFS are: named streams, object IDs, short names, compression, file level encryption (EFS), user data transactions, sparse, hard-links, extended attributes, and quotas." liability in the UK is different: credit card transactions are heavily protected (you're guaranteed to get your money back), whereas direct bank transfers are vastly less protected (with the exception of direct debits). can you even have a one-off direct debit? I didn't think the system was really designed for that. wouldn't it be easier (and have the same effect) if you just wrapped 100 statements (or say 60 seconds) of delay-able INSERTS into a transaction with the correct isolation value set? or use INSERT DELAYED and let the database do it itself. not really independent, you close that terminal and it'll probably HUP the process. disown/nohup help with this. the comparison between IE6 and Webkit is unfair: Webkit is completely open-source and under active development, whereas IE6 was propriety and dead. as a pragmatist I don't see it as an bad thing if Webkit becomes close to 100% of the browser market... as a pragmatist, I really don't care. the W3C is completely ineffective. I kinda wish Gecko and Trident would die, as it would make my life a lot easier (no more silly compatibility libraries, testing in 5 different engines, etc). what's stopping Mozilla from forking Webkit? remember that Webkit itself was a fork of KHTML... KHTML is as old as Gecko, and Webkit and Gecko are both LGPL. the killer feature back in the early 2000's was the ability to render most of the pages on the Internet as IE did, so saying that the engines were the product of standards is categorically wrong. the lack of adoption of Gecko outside of Mozilla is more to do with the fact the source code is a mess, whereas Webkit is very clean and tidy, and as a result very easy to hack on (years ago I wanted to embed Gecko in a project, and ended up using Webkit as it was actually possible to modify...). or just bored kiddies, happens quite a lot I don't see how it would be 2x: a minimal GC would just require an additional pointer per allocation (in the worst case) for the GC roots. malloc() has overhead too, typically immediately before the pointer it returns there's data about the allocation, such as the size of the alloc, magic for detecting bad free()'s, etc (though I guess a simple slab allocator would just need a single bit for each allocation, plus a pointer per slab). I have operated a rather large crawl cluster on EC2 (several hundred nodes), and I don't see why anyone would point one at a third party DNS service. we operated for about 6 months using the default resolvers than come with the AMIs, then Amazon contacted us, telling us they wanted us to stop using their recursive nameservers... apt-get install bind, point at 127.0.0.1, redeploy AMI, done (in under 5 minutes). it isn't as if a crawler cares about an extra 250ms from non-cached entries, and the bandwidth from DNS is trivial* compared to that of downloading pages. ... so why would anyone ever offer to pay you/anyone else for a recursive DNS service? it's a trivial problem... (* say 32 bytes for the query, 64 bytes for the response... 1B lookups is ~64gb, or $3.50 with Amazon's very expensive bandwidth costs) why would it matter at all, given a crawler hits many pages on the same hostname? the fact the initial request takes 250ms more is meaningless. when you also take into effect that crawlers are either: bound on sleep() if they're friendly, bound on cpu if doing processing and you have a lot of money for bandwidth, or if you don't have much money, bound on bandwidth. and given that crawlers tend to be massively parallelised, the DNS query could take minutes and you really still wouldn't care... (go and read up on Amdahl's law) aye, it's pretty easy to ptrace() ssh-agent and extract the key directly from memory. once malicious third party code has executed on your machine as you it's game over. Linux and Git exist fine without C++. C++ is many, many orders of magnitude more complex than Java, as Java was designed to be a C style object orientated language done correctly (i.e. with the foot shooting elements removed...) if you email them you can get onto the private CNAME beta! if httperf is using select() with 65k odd sockets then that could be a bottleneck... the "dumb" C impl can be faster too! it should probably fork() a few times so multiple accept()s can fight over the socket, which should probably be put into in non-blocking mode, and should also turn nagle off. for even more points you can reduce the copying of the trivial response from userspace into the kernel using sendfile()/splice(), if you mlock() it into RAM first! the printf likely reduces the throughput by a large amount too! (I've spent far too much fiddling with various syscalls for synthetic benchmarks!) everyone has different requirements... clearly those of the world don't match yours. it's a 1000x1000 image... this is a trivial problem IRC is a complex protocol that's way OTT if you just want something simple for 1:1 communication. -- author of qwebirc and this is a problem why? why is this at all important? it's not as if the end user ever contacts the root nameservers, their ISPs nameserver does, and it'll cache the rather limited set of results for hours. their phone support is excellent, I've filed a ticket twice and both times within 5 minutes I've been called on the phone, and they resolved the issue. the UK parliament basically does this already: here's an example of an act that's been modified: http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/Geo3/41/79?timeline=true and an example of a bill going through parliament: http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2012-13/financeno4/docum... yes, you're right in that versioning is not technically difficult, but getting the establishment to consider doing it (let alone actually doing it) is a major milestone. very very little, it's just doing read(), counting the bytes, then write(), with some screen output every few seconds. (hell it could even use splice() and never even see the bytes) 16GB of ECC RAM costs £150 to buy, how much RAM your webserver threads use should never be an issue. PHP's advantage is "apt-get install php5", copy your .php files in, and you're done. just seems like unnecessary serialisation and complexity when you could just define an interface to some functions? there's already a method for abstracting exchange between code: the function. unix uses pipes to pass data between processes in different address spaces, your JS runs in the same address space as the calling JS. if the processes exist in the same address space you use a library, which is an implementation of a defined set of functions (which is itself an interface); this is flat out better as it requires no tedious, error prone serialisation. there's not really a war at all, is there? ARM are completely dominant in this market. when the percentages of people that use these kinds of technologies are low then yes, it's a big sign to the spooks that "LOOK AT ME, I'M PROBABLY DOING SOMETHING INTERESTING" ... this is the reason several people I know don't use PGP signed/encryted email. it's interesting to see that that people use IE at work, and Chrome at home (see the 2 day distortions every 5 days)! what could they possibly hope to gain by defying the EU? they can't just ignore the law in a country they are operating in, especially when it's the world's biggest economy, which could just seize the assets owed without issue. you'd find it pretty difficult to demonstrate that by abusing their monopoly in the desktop shell market they caused harm in another; it was pretty easy to demonstrate for browsers. in the UK your electricity company will happily send you a currentcost device that plugs into your PC for free, and it even speaks a very simply protocol using serial over USB... I've been behind a large often-targeted service for the last 10 years or so, and most of the large attacks we get are pretty easily filtered as our service is TCP (like CloudFlare), and most of the attacks we get are either ping or UDP floods, which we drop at the boundary. a little harder is the SYN flood with spoofed addresses, how on earth can you filter those? it's just the sheer amount of packets hitting our network that cause the issue, not what is inside them! and then you send a Data Protection Act Subject Access Request (in the UK anyway), where they are legally required to divulge every single piece of information they have relating to you, including internal staff emails, feedback forms, etc. (and you're guaranteed to at least get something, as if they don't have any stored information on you then the door is wide open to discrimination suits) Remember that it's another ARM based SOC; as a percentage of gates it would surprise me if Apple's input was more than a percent. I also suspect that most of the speed and power gains come from process improvements. that quote is absolutely correct for a consumer product such as a phone, but it's disingenuous to apply it to a highly complex product used entirely for bespoke development, aimed at some of the most technical individuals around. until it silently automatically updates apparently it's a client side hack for "WoW-plus", here's the ringleader on his own forums: http://www.ownedcore.com/forums/world-of-warcraft/world-of-w... this isn't the first time Blizzard have messed up like this: they originally set the "Game Master" access level by a bit transmitted client side, and the same socket bit twiddling could be used to get into their private alpha servers... lovely interface, but the security is rendered completely pointless as the private key is generated remotely... you can't offer a secure version of this on a remote website. so by doing that you're still trusting the server not to send you evil Javascript that surreptitiously posts off your private key. it's exactly equivalent from a security perspective, unless you read every line of Javascript, in which case you might as well read the openssl manual instead and generate the CSR yourself. (note that there's a rarely used keygen type, but to sign the CSR you'd need programmatic access to the private key, again defeating any security properties). or it might just be returning the same private key for everyone! who knows? fighting an institution that makes the law probably isn't the best of ideas as I stated the last time a site like this appeared on the front page: the third party running the site has your private key, so they can decrypt everything are two openssl commands really that hard? (yes it's a self signed cert, but it's still a bad idea) compared to pushing the response back out to the client, the cost of matching against that regex is going to be insignificant, even with it being as monstrous as it is. (note that I'm not saying using that regex is a good idea!) they're acting perfectly rationally: they see third party clients as a threat to their ability to monetise, so they're killing them why anyone would expect a business to do anything else is beyond my understanding! with some ticket types (e.g. advances) the reservations are compulsory and technically you have to sit in your reserved seat! no, instead the IRA were religious radicals that thought it was OK to place car bombs in Central London, Manchester, and countless other cities, murdering hundreds of innocent people going about their daily business. The Taliban have a clear military objective too: remove the infidels and their supporters from the country that was formerly theirs. quite how this is any different from the IRA, semantically or morally, I'm really not sure. there's a resize input control in the bottom right corner, so what's the problem? this Authy service really misses the point: the numeric code is redundant when you have a separate secure device with an internet connection (i.e. a phone). when the user logs in issue a push notification, which when tapped sends the code back automatically. the numeric code can be used as a fallback if the net connection is down. the security benefits are questionable, as thieves will learn very quickly to locate the OBD II port and remove anything plugged in. If you install the JetBrains Python plugin into IDEA you get the same functionality as PyCharm, same with Ruby. are those rental prices really per quarter? if so they're making central London look exorbitant, I have friends paying that per month for studio flats! it's far too difficult to acquire them at the moment for normal citizens, at least in the UK. I spent at least 4 hours trying to legitimately acquire bitcoins to purchase some pretty physical coins from https://www.casascius.com before giving up. being driven and passionate, and having the social skills to be able criticise without upsetting people are not mutually exclusive. why is trying to replace sed/grep a bad idea? for example: ack is really, really useful. you can make your own iterator over sorted sets pretty easily with zrange I'd argue that it's just a standard engineering trade-off rather than a mistake. jar files have exactly the same issues. it's like a really really really expensive version of fork()! given that sites tend to only encode to a few formats, and given decoding is cheap cpu wise: couldn't you pipe the output of the ffmpeg decoder into a hardware encoder and get the best of both worlds? I can sure see Oracle responding to a petition on the Internet! > Have you ever considered why Firefox for Desktop appears to evolve in a slower pace than Chrome or Safari? Its because of standards. and here's me thinking it was because Firefox and Gecko consist of 20M lines completely unmaintainable, crufty C++! > as a developer I can tell you there's a huge number of differences in the way that FF and Chrome handle networking and interface standards could you explain what these changes are and how they're noticeable to the general public? I'm a developer who's written a Comet webapp you've likely used or at least seen, and I have yet to notice... for reading files and transferring over the network: the limit is always going to be the IO devices, not an extra context switch and a few extra copies... easy: having your machines cost 50% more due to the Microsoft tax makes the entire point of having bucket-loads of cheap hardware utterly irrelevant. people forget that ATOC exists to protect and further the interests of their members: the privately owned Train Operating Companies -- they don't owe random developers anything. Network Rail on the other had are (basically) state owned, and their extremely comprehensive feeds are now completely open: http://www.networkrail.co.uk/data-feeds/ these feeds even include the raw signalling data (you even get events when trains activate level crossings) -- there's nothing stopping you building your own NRE API. I've been slowly building up a database of signal locations/berths to lat/longs by matching up my physical position (while riding on the train) to the NR feed events, with the idea of being able to produce a much better map of where the trains are in realtime. I'd agree with most of his points, but he has conflated mapreduce, yarn and hdfs into "hadoop". the "assembly language" stuff is only accurate if you're writing raw mapreduce jobs, but he's ignored projects like hbase, hive, pig, impala and cascading. the HA issues with the namenode have mostly gone away with CDH4.1. the one thing that's a complete pain is the lack of snapshotting functionality in hdfs, making consistent backups nearly impossible. the APIs for hdfs and yarn are poorly designed and pretty buggy, they're very obtuse and hard to debug. if you manage to find any documentation it's almost certainly wrong for the version you're using. nine times out of ten it's quicker to step into the source code rather than digging into the documentation. however once you've abstracted away the poor APIs it does work very well, and the pay is good... believe it or not Windows has actually had a POSIX subsystem since the NT days, and MS still provide it for Windows 8. I'm not sure what POSIX certified means, but Windows is UNIX in the same way Mac OS X is... I'm sure if we did that then our auditors and compliance officers would love the fact that we chose a system with full knowledge that we'd be breaking the contract we bought it under. I think it's lost on this guy that git and github aren't the same thing, and that github's dominance is the complete centralisation of what's supposed to be a decentralised version control system... guess they won't be returning to iOS then... if she owns the property but not the land (i.e. the house is a leasehold instead of a freehold), she has a landlord that is where it all originates from: our property/land laws are all built on medieval law, as we haven't had a revolution to shake things up! houses are nearly always freeholds, whereas flats (apartments) are normally leaseholds, as it would be unfair if one flat owning tenant has land rights over the others. recently the government has given leaseholders the right to purchase the freehold from their landlord (if they all agree), but this involves setting up a company that all leaseholders are shareholders/directors of, with all the rights and responsibilities that that entails. assuming it's like the UK you just fill in a form on government website, wait a few weeks, and your cheque arrives in the post https://www.moneyclaim.gov.uk you'd be surprised as an operator of a large IRC network I am forced to keep my real name off my employer's websites, websites like github and my home address out of the public record (director's addresses and such like) it's a major nuisance isn't that exactly what every single company aims to do? the music is a means to an end, the end being making money for the shareholders... > For this to go down entirely unnoticed is extraordinarily difficult. I won't say impossible, but damned close without a copy of the zone in hand and with Linode running AXFR disabled (you should be too). There are subzones of linode.com; they wouldn't have gotten them all, and it would have been noticed within minutes. what's stopping the bad guys from just proxying dns queries they don't care about to the original NS? with this sort of trickery you could get a "domain control validated" https certificate too! it's very easy to get your own https cert once you control the dns for a domain, you just set up own nameserver that proxies requests to the original NS (except very specific ones, say those from Verisign), request your "domain control validation" https cert, and bam! valid https cert! DNS is very compact (a few hundred bytes a query), you're talking about maybe 10mbit of traffic tops: not a hard problem these days hell, you could run it on linode and probably be right next to the box you're proxying... ;) I wonder what the overhead is like? as with any software project, it has no value at all until it is mostly complete quote from http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/aboutthebbc/posts/The-BBC-announc... : > The cost is so great because much of the software and hardware which has been developed would only have a value if the project was completed and we cannot continue to sanction any additional spending on this initiative. your primary risk would be bad networks serving up malware, which is pretty hard to defend against and my experience is that the people with hard degrees tend to write bad code, as a result of not really understanding what's going on. this may not matter for some CRUD website, but does when you're pushing the limits... while an elite degree might not get you the job, it does help in getting your foot in the door, and it's likely to get you a higher base salary. the data I have shows me that my (non first) Cambridge degree allows me to command a 10-20% higher salary than my non-Oxbridge colleagues. I'm always surprised that intelligent people are shocked that the consumer cellular network they pay £5 a month for doesn't have 100% uptime In the UK (or any other country with data protection laws): a Subject Access Request will get you all interview notes and internal emails, the company has no choice in the matter. most employers keep written records to avoid any possibility of a discrimination suit. the government has very strong guidelines on this sort of thing, and if you're a large company with an HR department, the Information Commissioner is likely to not believe you if you state that you don't keep written records about job applicants, and destroying the information is a criminal offence. example of an organisation's policy: http://www.ed.ac.uk/schools-departments/records-management-s... I don't really understand the reaction! I guess my conclusion is that in general Americans trust their politicians/government, whereas in the UK the general public assumes they're the enemy and not to be trusted, so this wouldn't be a major surprise. housing benefit (which pushes up rents, further pushing more people into needing housing benefit) uh, isn't that exactly what the new Windows 8 approach is? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Runtime one person, maybe not, but if you're a intelligence agency with a multi-million dollar budget to tap Google, you'd probe the organisation and bribe those with access, and anyone in the chain those employees could credibly report to. this isn't difficult or particularity far-fetched! who says they haven't? maybe not completely (it's way easier for the US, as most of Google resides on US soil), but you can bet they have people in a position to extract at least some data on demand. this has previously happened: stuxnet (a product of several intelligence agencies) was digitally signed by a large semiconductor company! you'll be putting all your traffic through cloudflare? if they do your SSL termination that makes all your careful US-avoidance completely redundant. additionally, if you include some JS hosted on cloudflare, then that's susceptible to being tapped by the US intelligence agencies too. also if they want to intercept a few of your high profile users, the fact you're using SSL really isn't going to stop them, when they can issue valid certs for your domain without asking you. short of SSL pinning being widely deployed: you're powerless to stop them, and while it's an admirable goal, it's ultimately disingenuous to suggest that you can safeguard your user's privacy. the tarsnap client running on your box encrypts the data before it's ever transmitted, that's part of what makes tarsnap cool (along with the deduplication) you transmit your public key, identity and server information. the CA then verifies your identity, and then produces a certificate by signing (using their private key) the message digest of the concatenation of: - certificate information: server name/organisation/country/... (the "subject"), start date, end date, etc - your public key - the subject of their certificate your private key should never leave your system. they wouldn't share their key, the complicit CA would generate a certificate for a key generated by the NSA with the CA capability bit enabled. the NSA could then can use that to MITM sites without explicit pinning. Xbox One: designed by executives, for executives comment history and a bit of googling would suggest he's an MS employee... can you point out the part where I attempted to discredit his point because he's an MS employee, even discussed his point at all? because I can't see it. optimised especially for customers with lots of money to burn, but no actual data to show how? sounds like snake oil to me! the NSA can't, but GCHQ can let's be honest here: they've released this in an attempt to stop/muddle DNSSEC adoption, as DNSSEC represents an existential threat to their business: messing with the answers to DNS requests seems pretty cost competitive next to Amazon's Route53, which I always thought was exceptionally cheap compared to the hassle of running your own nameds if your house burns down and they find that, goodbye insurance payout. discrimination based on sex for insurance is now unlawful in the UK, as of last year. as a result car insurance prices for women increased significantly, while mens remained the same. additionally annuity rates for men dropped, while those for women remained the same (the provider is no longer allowed to factor in that men on average die several years earlier). so does gmail's POP3 fetcher for other email accounts. non-story! they're only expensive if you're at home 9-5 during weekdays. I never am so it's £20/month for about 100GB (and effectively unlimited transfer in the early hours of the morning). they now also offer a flat 50GB at anytime for £25/month. you're paying extra for for native IPv6, beyond excellent service, an excellent control panel with options most ISPs don't have, as many IP addresses as you want (optionally PI), custom routing (want an AS for your house?), ability to dual bond across different providers, ability to add 3g as backup link, and much more... they're truly excellent, here's an example of their customer service on IRC: 1417.59| [bootc] ok, really long shot, but any staff tech around who fancy allocating me some more IPs? 1418.27| [bootc] I already feel rather greedy but I'm using most of my IPs already :-/ 1423.30| [@AA-Paul] bootc: What login, and what size block? 1424.14| [bootc] AA-Paul: abc1@a, and a /28 of legacy if possible? 1424.21| [bootc] for @a.1 1425.31| [bootc] I then need to re-number internally and expand my /27 sub-division of my /26 to the full /26 :-/ 1426.31| [@AA-Paul] bootc: Done. 1.2.3.4/28 will be routed to you when your router next logs in 1426.57| [bootc] AA-Paul: many thanks, you're a star! have a great rest of your weekend 1427.10| [@AA-Paul] No problem. You too :) (no I don't work for them, but am an extremely happy customer) I also assumed it was a bug! as a result I uninstalled the app and use the mobile site now, which is far less laggy than the Android app... of course they can have apps on, every single SIM I've ever had has had operator specific applications on them: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIM_Application_Toolkit this argument always stinks of excessive pedantry, yes the budgets aren't ring fenced, but this doesn't mean fuel using vehicles aren't paying for the roads that cyclists use. in 2013 the the treasury expects to collect £26B[1] via fuel duty alone (the tax motorists pay on petrol/diesel), and the entire transport budget is £21B[2], so it's accurate to say that the motorist's taxes pay entirely for the roads (and a good chunk of the trains too). (note the £26B fuel duty figure doesn't include the 20% VAT motorists also pay on petrol, and the money from VED) [1]: https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachm... page 103 [2]: same document, page 10 that document assigns a future expected value of £30B for damages due to climate change caused by cars... which to be frank, is a bullshit made up number. take that out, and motorists still make a profit for the treasury. my argument is purely based on receipts from purchase of fuel... if there were 0 motor vehicles on the road, the receipts would be many orders of magnitude lower. the tube runs at full capacity in central sections at peak times. on some lines you even get a train entering the platform while the previous train is still pulling out! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKOrkLxOBoY is a very well done parody! so now you can really tell that Mayer's running the show don't confuse revenue/turnover with gross margin. gross margin is turnover minus cost of goods sold. I guess PayPal, eBay, VISA, and all the banks should just shut up shop then... The number alone means nothing without understanding the business that they're in. removing that wipe feature would be a nice tidy way to destroy the secondary market for iphones... did I just predict iOS8? don't forget this one: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SAN0Llw2p0 the irony is 3.1 looks more modern (flat) now than 95 google did this last year: http://www.zdnet.com/googles-open-sesame-login-ditches-passw... the solution to this sort of thing is to always wrap yourself in a limited company... company formation in the UK costs around £20 and then you're personally immune to this sort of legal bullying so say a new shiny product (an extension) is produced by a newly founded company (smallco). bullyco decides they don't like this and sues smallco. what's the most the owners (shareholders) of the smallco can lose? their share capital (likely £1). there's nothing fraudulent or criminal about what this extension is doing, at most it's breach of contract and possibly tortious interference, neither which would allow the 'injured' party to go after the directors the fact that's even possible worries me. 1 billion transistors and 40 million lines of code in my smoke detector. hurrah, the smoke detector crashed again! just don't look at the expectation I don't buy this logic. Renaming machines is a pain, and they inevitably end up with more/different stuff on them than was originally intended, then your "helpful" name like pukweb01 (production, uk, web, 01) is worse than "pikachu" (as it's incorrect). the correct way to do this is to give the machine a name with no meaning (maybe pikachu, maybe box005) and have a list of the services running on each machine, and use DNS for those (say www1/ns1 that CNAMEs to the actual hostname). personally, I'd argue that anyone that calls machines things like "pukweb01" has had little to no experience with a rapidly evolving system... turbo pascal is as unsafe as C is, just with more verbose syntax. it has pointers, pointer arithmetic, manual memory allocation, function pointers, casts, unions, you name it. I bet you could write could write 30 odd rules for cpp and then compile your "pascal" with cc, e.g.: #define begin { #define end } #define := = #define ^ * #define @ & and so on there's no GNU on Android, and probably not on embedded devices either (given the GPLv3) so you'd be more accurate to say just Linux, rather than parroting stallman so C doesn't have proper type safe enums (though you could hack those up with typedef + cpp), but does require casts for most type conversions (except those for void*). pascal style strings can be done with the preprocessor, as can generic iterators, allocation for idiots, and "out" function arguments. memory pools are a library feature. and the arrays are the same too, a pointer in pascal can be treated as an infinitely sized array, but the reverse isn't true, just like in C. and, believe it or not, there are other languages in the C family, that provide safety in the same way there are for pascal. tl;dr: pascal and C are more alike than different. it isn't, landlords do it regardless call me cynical, but I bet it was discussed, and overruled on the point that this system allows them get access to all your juicy email under the pretence that "we can't do it any other way" not a clue, religious reasons maybe? If they won't send you that information without a Subject Access Request (Data Protection Act), you should note the Act forces them to fully disclose all personal information that you request, so request the following in printed form: - every bill for the last 10 years - every email in your account - transcripts of all the phone calls they have recorded for "monitoring and training purposes" it'll still cost you ten pounds, but their processing costs will be in the hundreds if not thousands of pounds, and they have no right to refuse. 10 pounds max per request, and a request can cover all your personal data (you just have to name exactly what you want them to return). the ICO has some guidelines on this: http://www.ico.org.uk/for_organisations/data_protection/the_... I had a read through the Revenue's guidelines, and it looks to me as if he would be exempt from VAT, because it's just FX: A supplier of an exempt intermediary service is a person who: - brings together a person seeking a financial service with a person who provides a financial service - stands between the parties to a contract and acts in an intermediary capacity, and - undertakes work preparatory to the completion of a contract for the provision of financial services, whether or not it is completed. all three of those apply (but IANATaxAdvisor) so, you think they'll accept liability for fraud? I don't think so, there's also no way for anyone to trace the transaction back to them I dunno, armoured trucks and vaults are pretty hard to get into. one critical bug in the main bitcoin client and the value will become zero (or close to it). whilst I like the idea of bitcoin, I'm not betting my retirement on being able to draw out my BTC balance in 40 years so uh, exactly the same problem bitcoin has vs. real currency? on examinations of code it's normally pretty easy to see who has a formal understanding of state machines, and who doesn't. 7 booleans to try and maintain state instead of a single enum value happens quite a lot in my experience the proof of work requires miners to generate some value such that HASH(block_value, generated_value) begins with fn(difficulty) zeros. miners choose a value for generated_value, hash it and hope it comes out with the required number of zeros, if not they try again, and again, and again until they (or someone else) finds a value. for simplicity let's say the fn(x) = x. difficulty of 5? hash must have 5 zeros at the beginning: 00000XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 10? must have 10: 0000000000XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX each zero you add on requires exponentially more time. ability to rollback fraudulent transactions? the knowledge you'll get most of your deposits back if the bank goes bust? (government mandated insurance schemes like FDIC/FSCS are really expensive for banks... this makes up a big part of your bank fees) the bank's capability to match up long term loans with short term deposits? people really want a 25 year mortgage, but also want instant access to their savings, the banks (mostly) match up these two incompatible goals: this is a useful function soft drinks put your logs in /dev/shm oh and don't remember to rotate them! they'd be able to handle webscale if they redesigned their platform using node.js but it's not the law yet... nothing wrong with md5 itself here, just the way it's being used. if you replace it with sha-2 you'd have the exact same problem (bcrypt is more than a simple hash function). also there's nothing stopping a thread having its own logical heap. grandparent is confusing the concept of address space and heap. was the question not about operating system implementations? I could condescendingly lecture people about blueberry ice cream, but that also wouldn't have any relevance to the topic at hand. sure, the fast lines on any 4 track section it really isn't, there's no GNU in Android every async io framework I've come across has something like runInThread(), which returns a callback. e.g. http://twistedmatrix.com/documents/10.1.0/core/howto/threadi... not really much boilerplate... http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-norfolk-18093981 gives a new meaning to 'hole in the wall' (the British term for an ATM) modern disks use the rotational energy in the spindle to do a "death write" to a reserved area when power is lost. don't use their service? easier said than done I know... my commuter train's wifi uses "Open"DNS, and most interesting websites are blocked (reddit, anything gaming related, etc), and the block pages are filled with their obnoxious advertising. I've been saying this for years, but I can't wait for DNSSEC to put people like OpenDNS out of business (isn't it odd they want to FUD the waters by pushing DNSCrypt?) ha, it was done deliberately. the government franchise agreement forces the train operating company (TOC) to provide a free WiFi service... it doesn't say it has to be useful, so the TOC reduces their data costs by blocking most of the Internet. to add insult to injury it's a subsidised service, so I'm paying twice for something that's unusable. and no, there is no other TOC and no other reasonable way to commute, so I'm stuck with it. whilst I can't choose my DNS provider on the train, at home I choose an ISP that is capable of running a recursive name server (if they can't run this very basic part of the service, I dare to think what the rest of it would be like...) I'm still not sure why the practise of deliberately returning spoofed garbage in response to legitimate queries is seen as an acceptable practise. it has been an criminal offence to with hold a password (when the court has requested otherwise) since the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000. http://www.legislation.gov.UK/ukpga/2000/23/section/49 note that forgetting the password is supposed to be a valid defence! NTFS supports it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transactional_NTFS I work for a large bank, and whilst my desktop is completely locked down, our development is done on remote (but still internal) boxes where we're essentially given free reign. each team is essentially autonomous, and they pick the tools they wish to use. yes, there is lots of paperwork, e.g. getting anything deployed requires multiple people from across the firm to agree, but it's mostly automated and doesn't take more a few hours of background time, and it's understandable: the amount of money the firm would lose if something went drastically wrong is eye boggling. the problems are challenging and interesting, I get to experiment with extremely high end equipment that isn't available for general purchase, and the hours are good (as is the pay). (though I admit there are parts of the organisation that don't have this freedom: you have to be careful when interviewing) uk: bank transfer, instantaneous and free if adblock didn't work on https that'd be one way to see it massively deployed ;) wouldn't you pay tax on interest for that 'CD' thingy too? also it's not a fair comparison: yes with a mortgage at the beginning your payments are 99% interest, but in the last 5 years they're almost entirely principle, so you get to keep that money. if you're still renting in 25 years 100% of that money is still going to the landlord, and your rent has likely gone up by a factor of 5 too. ALSO over long periods of time real estate nearly always increases in value (more than inflation), so that's another thing to consider. here in the UK the Education Act 1986 makes it a duty of a University to safeguard its members freedom of speech (within the law), and makes it unlawful for a University to do what Yale did here. http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1986/61/section/43 if you wish to be pedantic they seem to be working around the university using clever technical hacks, rather than fighting the underlying issue. (note that it's the law in the UK, not some worthless university document) > This is an active and vibrant defense of freedom, not some worthless British law. > (Oh I'm sorry, did I just libel Her Majesty's judicial system? How careless of me. I should watch what I write). guess I missed the bit of the US constitution where other people's databases were considered protected speech. icesave heavily advertised in the UK and had a UK based operation. they were supposedly also beholden to the EU depositor protection scheme, if they weren't then most depositors wouldn't have touched icesave. on the eve of the crisis the Icelandic politicians told the UK that they would pay out to UK depositors, then after the UK had paid out they changed their mind. no one could have predicted that the day before the collapse the Icelandic parliament would withdraw their promise so much for "atomic modifiers for contention free performance" (straight from http://www.mongodb.org/ ) also, if it's single threaded: why does adding more cores increase the update rate? isn't the entire point of mongodb that it's fast? if it can only do 1500 increments a second it's pretty useless... we believe it's better to not have it than to do it badly. the other way to do it would be like freenode: do it quickly without understanding the risks... they used the same SSL cert for every ircd, then they got hacked, and with no PFS, all their past SSL'ed IRC is now effectively in the clear. we are now actively working on the problem for server links, but ultimately believe that having ssl for client connections at this moment in time adds little value: https://www.quakenet.org/articles/99-trust-is-not-transitive... so we've had a solution to the credential sniffing for 10+ years: our services support AUTH via something very similar to CRAM-MD5. with that out of the way: you've missed the main point, and that is that it's really really hard (I would use the word impossible but I'm not 100% certain) to secure multiuser chat. the sheer number of places that could be compromised is so high, that offering a 'secure connection' (which users associate with actually secure online commerce) is dangerously misleading. we understand the threat model very well, and we recommend that you shouldn't trust us to secure your communications, and suggest something like fish instead. correct, which is far from ideal (essentially we're trapped by our CRAM-MD5 support) we've thought long and hard about this too, and don't consider it to be a large threat, as the only two people with access to the box[1] could silently replace the AUTH code and log all the passwords anyway, rendering any secured password store irrelevant. [1]: it's not even known outside the core where the box lives, and it's also essentially completely isolated from the internet at large. please stop putting words in my mouth: I never said it's not nice to have, I said I don't think it adds much value, and that I believe that it's dangerously misleading. I've been part of running a large IRC network for more than a decade: I have seen tens of thousands of users fall for various scams, get their passwords stolen, hand their passwords out willingly, connect through 'free bouncers' that perform operations as them, get DDoS'ed, install 'pingbooster.exe', you name it. I wouldn't call them stupid, just mostly unaware or naive, and ultimately if we are going to attempt to protect their communications them we need to take their behaviour into account. There are also operational concerns with deploying TLS: OpenSSL is up there in the top 10 list of 'software with the most security vulnerabilities', and if our servers get hacked our users really aren't any better off. We have a some plans (inspired by Chrome's architecture) to work around this huge issue (restarting a webserver has no impact, but you can't do this with an ircd), but it all takes time and we're volunteers. Ultimately I am a pragmatist, I will do things that I think are necessary and that I believe can work. we actually don't, the only thing tor specific we do is set to their host to something along the lines of 11223344.tor.gateway.quakenet.org. OTOH a lot of people do naughty things through tor (e.g. mass flooding) and get caught automatically by the network services, resulting in a large %age of tor hosts being banned for short periods. ah, sorry didn't notice the relay bit. we don't do anything explicitly to relays. we get the tor ips from tor itself, and filter out hosts that have a connection policy that would result in them not being able to connect. we do however source and combine multiple proxy lists, which I suspect you ended up on. I seem to remember you were chatting to me, and I said something along the lines of 'try again tomorrow and if it's still broken I'll sort it out manually', and you didn't come back! as I said it's not ideal. the only point of entry onto the machine is via the auth service, so if you get in that way you have access to it. it's not a matter of injecting code, it's literally one line to run spin up gdb attached to the process, and then one/two more more lines inside gdb to put a breakpoint on the line and print the variables on the stack when it's hit. add in the fact that something like 95% of our users reconnect every 24 hours, so you get the vast majority very quickly. yes, if the admins go rogue then we're screwed, but the same is true nearly always as they're the guys that set up the defences in the first place. http://mercurial.selenic.com/wiki/GpgExtension git is as prone to bitrot as hg. git doesn't run fsck on the entire repo for each operation, and unless you fsck or clone you won't detect corruption for quite a while. it's exactly the same for hg, which is built on the same hashing concept as git (actually the other way round, as hg came first). I'd guess it's because a lot of techies remember how 10 years ago MS exploited their monopoly to force their products onto the entire world? fortunately those days are over and they've become mostly irrelevant, but everyone knows that given half a chance they'd do it again... that top image has to be the most questionable trendline I've ever seen don't forget this one: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Union_Microsoft_compet... did I miss something or is Northern Ireland still part of the Union? in the interests of transparency: parent's business (OpenDNS) will have severe problems operating (replacing legitimate responses with spoofed ones) when DNSSEC is adopted. I personally wouldn't mind, but then Microsoft comes out with crap like this: http://www.scroogled.com/mail last year I wrote a short complaint to the UK's Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) about their use of "world's most desktop advanced operating system" to describe OS X. here are the responses I received: 1: http://imgur.com/mflFaHW 2: http://imgur.com/ndxyzlM you'll now notice that the UK page doesn't contain that false statement: compare http://www.apple.com/uk/osx/ vs. http://www.apple.com/osx/ I didn't, I just said that the comment was debatable, and that's enough to make the advertising misleading. I don't think anyone could disagree with that, even the most ardent Apple crusader. will it be there in a month though? this is why I have a hard time believing that cryptocurrencies will achieve mass adoption: eventually everyone gets hit by a 0-day, and then your money is gone forever. (I realise cold storage exists, but most people won't bother...) he's also looking up the key twice (containsKey() and then get()), against once in C++ and if Larry and Sergey didn't have the ability to outvote all of the other shareholders combined Basingstoke one of the most important places in England? pull the other one > London cab drivers, by contrast, had to make a significant economic investment in order to get a cab license you think your average Londoner cares? all they want is a service that gets them where they want to go; a random guy off the street with a £150 satnav will do this 95% of the time without issue, for a lot less than the same ride in a black cab. or adopt something similar to the UK's penalty fare system, which generally allows innocent mistakes to be dealt with with a minor fine, whilst persistent offenders end up with a potentially large fine (upto £1000) and a criminal record: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penalty_fare alcohol is part of society simply because having low levels of it in stored water killed pathogens. as well as preventing your entire medieval village of dying of cholera, this technology also permitted long ocean voyages (it's said that the Pilgrims only landed at Plymouth Rock because they ran out of beer). now it's entrenched and not going anywhere. just to add to this, as well as not waiving the fee for their freely issued certificates, StartCom (Eddy Nigg) also refused to waive it for his long-term paying customers. I grudgingly paid the revocation fees, and now they've lost my business now forever, as they essentially held the security of my domains to ransom for a quick buck. this is a reasonable argument, except it's generally considered best practise not to share private keys across servers (most CAs explicitly forbid this in their deeply buried policy files), which also rules out wildcards. StartCom is appealing as they'll issue as many certificates as you want for a one-off fee. so I had protected my service against parts of it being compromised, but then I was screwed over completely by heartbleed. 50 certs? that'll be $1250 that long term can be pretty quick though... in the UK at least you get 100% tax relief for plant (hardware) expenditure up to a limit (currently half a million a year) you get no tax relief for opex. it's a superb service, until you want a revocation, then they try to extort $25/revocation out of you (even if you've been a long term paying customer) this may be OK if you have only issued one cert, but if you've issued a few hundred (which is the main point of StartSSL: pay once and issue many), then you are SOL unless you can afford to plonk down thousands of dollars. more here: https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20140409/11442426859/shame... the CEO (Eddy Nigg) is similarly patronising over email too. the reason it took so long is that a high percentage of UK banks do their transaction processing in COBOL on ancient mainframes (not joking) there's nothing in that post that gives C# a measurable advantage over say, Java. Visual Studio Express? still way behind JetBrains IntelliJ (the community edition is FOSS). Visual Studio is unusable without JetBrains Resharper, which isn't cheap. Azure? AWS Bizspark? not required for Java dev as everything's free and OSS anyway. Popularity? most popular .net libraries/tools (NUnit, NAnt, NHibernate) are all clones of popular Java projects Scalability? those Windows licenses will cost you a fortune once you're out of bizspark Vendor lock-in? well it's still there with MS, just you're not paying them for three years (Bizspark) but finding developers that know it isn't easy or fast I think it really matters which part of a bank you end up in... I've heard some horror stories about back office roles, but I work on a front office trading system and it's the most technically challenging, interesting and plain old geeky role I've ever had. how much support time do you honestly expect for $1/month? source: http://cloudatcost.com/ Larry and Sergey control 55% of the voting rights: http://www.forbes.com/sites/chuckjones/2014/04/02/google-sto... if the rest of the shareholders don't agree with them they can... do absolutely nothing about it no they aren't. monkey patching refers to dynamic modifications of code/behaviour at runtime. this is simply editing a file on the disk, which people cracking software have been doing for about 30 years (using exactly the same method). or, you know, aim to never GC during market open... government's done "small claims process as a service" already: https://www.moneyclaim.gov.uk/ fill in website, the letters go out automatically. if the person you're suing admits fault (or doesn't respond): the cheque normally turns up in a few weeks. otherwise will give you a court date. seen the date on the article? seems unlikely that either of those regions will wish to leave the union, as unlike Scotland they are both heavily subsidised by England (to the tune of about half of their budget). what's wrong with that statement exactly? > It entered the union as Scotland, legally it is bound to leave the union in the same form. based on what? your gut feeling? the UK parliament can do whatever it wishes, a concept known as parliamentary sovereignty. > Yes, we get to send MPs down to Westminster, but that did not do a thing to stop the massive moral and financial tragedies of Afghanistan and Iraq, which the Scottish, right across the political spectrum, where overwhelming against. your representatives, Scottish Labour, voted for both wars, but let's not let facts get in the way of Yes... scaling? databases? this is serving up some static content, and a string lookup in a hash table. a single cheap vps with 768mb of ram should be able to handle thousands of requests/second without issue. (50 chars email average + 2 * 4 byte pointers) * 10M entries => 512mb ram (and with some noddy splitting by email domain you could probably quarter that) isn't this completely missing the point, i.e. banks being able to say 'no third parties can see our clients identifying information/balances/etc?' yes, the SSL key doesn't leave the bank, but everything it is protecting is.. good luck enforcing that there have been a few xen hvm issues that allow user processes to bypass the VM kernel's normal memory protections, e.g. http://xenbits.xen.org/xsa/advisory-105.html so the answer to your question is yes: there have been cases where simply adding the hypervisor introduced a vulnerability . there's nothing to stop it hooking opendir() and friends to hide it from ls! > Reading the memory of another process is not allowed on modern OS for precisely that reason, so this would be another exploit. both Linux and Windows allow processes to read the memory of other processes running as the same user, via ptrace() and /proc/pid/mem on Linux, and via ReadProcessMemory() on Windows. (how else could you ever debug anything?) I don't really understand how asm.js is any different... you've still got applications compiled into binary blob, the difference between NaCl and asm.js being that asm.js just happens to be binary encoded as executable JavaScript. maybe they won't try to extort you if you require a revocation? (StartSSL do even for paying customers... stay away) it hasn't been British Telecom since 1991. these days they're into just about everything: landlines, tv, internet, mobiles, you name it. they tend to have a notorious reputation for providing a bad service, with their internet service being the prime example... god help you if something goes wrong with your phoneline. the new £50 note is pretty geeky: http://www.britishnotes.co.uk/news_and_info/news/aa01_salmon... "I sell here, Sir, what the world desires to have: POWER" you could protect yourself by setting up a limited liability company (cost in the uk is about £14), then your assets aren't at risk if something goes very very wrong... Amazon probably should do a credit check before offering thousands of pounds in credit... (I am not a lawyer and this should not be taken as legal advice) there's a constant factor hidden in all of those, and it's not free. a tree can often be slower than a simple array for lookups, even if the tree is O(log n) and the array is O(n). it's more common that the driver opens the doors on the wrong side, or at a short platform opens all the doors instead of, say the first 8 synflooding is not mitigated by syncookies. the attacker can encode information inside the packets in exactly the same way as the server, meaning they don't have to maintain any state, see: http://insecure.org/stf/tcpdos/outpost24-sect-sockstress.ppt (slide 18 onwards) I would imagine most of the time would likely be spent traversing the object graph (i.e. chasing references), making it O(number of references) rather than O(allocated size) summary of article: no... assuming you've got £15 to set up a company (such as the pirate one in the article), and £149 for a cert, anyone can have one right, so if I have £15, I can pay £15 to Companies House to start a company, and then I can authorise anything. EV offers nothing over normal certs, other than the company name and the green bar, and I can control the company name if I have another £15... you can point dns at internal hosts too! VMWare's EULAs prohibit publishing of benchmarks without approval, so this is interesting to see... https://www.vmware.com/pdf/benchmarking_approval_process.pdf this is not true in general. my setup passes through a discrete PCI-Express graphics card to Windows running under KVM, and the card is restricted to address space allocated to the VM using the motherboard's IOMMU. this is exactly how openonload works, it's pretty impressive that they get nearly all weird behaviour of the Linux socket API correct (correct behaviour across fork, select/poll/epoll, multicast behaviour, etc). presentation: http://www.openonload.org/openonload-google-talk.pdf it's also a lie, I tried getting my money back via the GUARANTEE after less than an hour (because the game wouldn't work), and they essentially refused. needless to say, I instructed my card company to issue a chargeback, and they did... Jason likely hates Google as it killed his search-engine-result-spamming startup Mahalo with an algorithm tweak: http://www.seobook.com/matt-cutts-eats-mahalo-spam there's no fat pay cheques at GCHQ, they're well known for paying 2-3 times less than the private sector: http://www.gizmodo.co.uk/2015/05/gchqs-government-sancitoned... it really makes you wonder what sort of people their roles appeal to... GCHQ and MI5 have been up to this sort of thing for decades. I don't expect it'll ever change, as by the time someone's made it to high office, then the agencies will have collected enough material to keep them quiet and on side. were they Mathematical Tripos graduates out of interest? almost all of the mathmos I knew really thought GCHQ would be an amazing place to work, and about 50% ended up there, with the other 50% at quant funds (more or less correlated with religion). this was of course prior to the Snowden disclosures, I'm not sure it's such a hot place to work these days... personally I took it as an opportunity to finally try out VT-d gaming... so Linux on the bare metal, and Windows tightly locked down in a VM (on a separate vlan). MS are free to spy on me playing X-COM, but they won't be getting anything else... I've had two problems: crackling audio and NVIDIA's driver coming up with strange errors. the former was fixed by buying a cheap PCI-E soundcard and passing it through (line-in'ed to the primary soundcard), and the latter by twiddling some QEMU flags, as NVIDIA want you to buy the $4000 quadro... my next card will be AMD, who don't do this sort of BS. now it's all sorted it works like a dream, you wouldn't know it's in a VM. the vga arbiter stuff went away with UEFI based cards (about 2 years ago), consumer level cards now work without issue. NVIDIA attempt to detect the VM and artificially disable the driver, but works perfectly if you tell KVM to hide the fact it's a VM (requires a flag to be set in the config). the technical difficulty of pci passthrough consists of clicking "add pci device", then selecting your graphics card from the list. the vast majority of phishing websites I seem encounter these days are all wrapped in https by cloudflare. seems that letsencrypt unlikely to make the problem any worse! every piece of vm software has a save/snapshot button which will save the state of the ram/cpu to disk. noone actually transports physical gold, they just transfer the certificates of ownership (physically or electronically) I'd put my money on someone bringing up some new varnish servers to handle the xmas day load with default config... or the backend service, and not setting the Vary header correctly World of Warcraft: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-myQeNb9SnGo/VHGakel_c5I/AAAAAAAADQ... I've been left wondering how the Mondo/Mastercard rate actually works: yes they pick some rate based on X, Y and Z, but how does this interact with the market described in the post? I suspect not very much at all, at least for major currencies, as Mastercard has people buying $ for £ in the UK, and £ for $ in the US, so they only need to go onto the market for the imbalance, allowing an "incredibly good" rate, when they're not exchanging much on the open market at all... how does that work as a consumer/very small business? they have no proof that I'm running their software, they would be never be able to get a warrant to search my premises, and if they ever stepped foot on my property I'd have them done for trespass. I can believe there's a contractual term in the volume license agreement that allows them the right, but for that they be giving you a significant discount, which seems fair. I'd agree, they do just about everything could want you want quickly, efficiently, and most services are free if you're careful. the customer support can range from OK to terrible... if I'm not sure how some new "mobile only" bank is going to be any better, if anything I'd expect it to be worse as I can't go into a branch and shout at the manager if it ends up being anything like google support that'll go down like a lead balloon. you can probably have a pretty good guess based on the behaviour of the stream, and the size of the packets involved also the ip... Same with Spotify and KING, both are/were technically UK companies the UK's railways have a cheap and simple solution: two transmitters at different frequencies inside the track, the distance between them controls the maximum speed. if the train detects the second too quickly after it detects first it applies the brakes. they look like this: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2f/Tp... the wikipedia page has more details: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Train_Protection_%26_Warning_S... there's a more expensive system called ATP that is a lot more complicated (and had a limited rollout), and ECTS is coming... so if Mondo's going to only provide a current account: what are they going to do with their customer's deposits? just leave them sit as cash doing nothing? a bank that cross sells will use the revenue from lending to ruthlessly undercut this newcomer. banks are big as the size of the balance sheet allows mind boggling economies of scale. existing banks are probably also able to hire a team of 10 good app developers to put together a high quality app, if they thought the demand was there... that legislation also only covers insolvency, what about IT failures (operational risk)? what if your system messes up and a load of my payments suddenly disappear? or your IT staff didn't completely understand how, say Cassandra treats transactions? I like my paper bank statements... > However it isn't something that loads of Uber for X types or Samwer-esque clones can spring up overnight. they are springing up overnight, there's already 5 or so in the same exact category (Atom, Starling come directly to mind). the first few are taking on all the risk, once it's seen that the FCA will approve a project like this then you'll get a load more springing up overnight you can bind a key to switch to relative mode. since switching to VM based gaming about 6 months ago I've played and completed: SC2 LOTV, Bioshock Infinite, Crysis 1/2, and The Talos Principle and have not had a single problem. I haven't played CS since 2001 > A special pool for startups would be nice too, with less costs/requirements. so infosys will start 500 subsidiaries and fund them VC style (redundant) just no clients check it, or check it properly QuakeNet has supported challenge response auth for more than 10 years, so this isn't a problem for anyone using that. no, the reasoning is because it's more than two people, any third person can break the security by accepting an invalid cert, and the others who were careful have no way of knowing that their communications are compromised. given IRC is mostly about channels, this renders TLS mostly pointless for IRC. (TLS works fine with two endpoints communicating directly... mostly, it's still a kitchen sink protocol that probably needs replacing) as an example, irssi from debian jessie doesn't verify the certificate at all, or even display that it's accepted an untrusted certificate (I just tried it) > there have only been a handful of intel devices (and less cores) out there that intel has had a part in. and I think nearly every one of these Intel has had to pay the manufacturer to use Atom over ARM I dunno, it seemed to work pretty well. if they hadn't undermined themselves by developing XMLHTTPRequest I wonder if we'd still be on Windows using IE buy a new machine, and hey look, MS will get $100 for the OEM copy of Windows "free" upgrade, yeah right gov.uk might look pretty, but often the language used on it is imprecise and often inaccurate. directgov (the previous site) was terrible to use and look at, but the information on it was unparalleled in its accuracy and comprehensiveness, which is what I really want from the government. sadly gov.uk have stated that they are more interested in making the information easy to read, rather than accurate. not scaling well is a security feature! it's a lot harder to steal and alter 5000 ballot papers than 5, which is not the case with electronic systems. how do you deal with many clients having the same trigger then all executing the same order at the same time? if 50000 identical triggers fire at the same time trying to buy the same stock with market orders they're going to get a bad deal, and people selling are going to clean up the party in power in the parliament and the commission is the EPP, the UK is the only member state that has zero MEPs in the EPP. so the statement is accurate so what you're saying is that the Scots shouldn't be upset that the Tories have 100% of the power as the SNP haven't joined the Conservative party? the situation is identical the only people talking about it are Sinn Fein, and a united republican Ireland is the only reason they exist, so, surprise surprise, they're talking about the unification of Ireland it's actually 'freedom of movement for workers': if you lose your job and can't get another, and don't have the ability to support yourself independently then the host country is within its rights to deport you > It's gotten very cool and tolerant (Gay marriage referendum was very symbolic of that). this is a bit of a stretch, the politics are still very much driven by religion (e.g. abortion requires a trip abroad, normally to the UK). the UK parliament passed gay marriage before, and it didn't require a referendum (as it was uncontroversial amongst the electorate) it's pretty hard to do this these days with a dumb firewall, given CDNs likewise, non-Linux gaming was always the problem for me, however now that VT-d works really very well, you can now virtualise games inside Windows at around 97% native speed. it was initially a pain to get working, however over the past 12 months the tooling has improved a great deal, in virt-manager you can now assign your graphics cards/sound card/... with 1 or 2 clicks, and it simply works! MS are free to spy on me playing Starcraft II in a VM, and I try to support Linux with my new purchases wherever possible. yes, Debian testing, stock everything I might very well write a blog post, as quite a few people have asked synergy works out of the box, just need to remember that most games require the "lock to screen" mode (which I have bound to F12) I have two video cards (a slightly older one for Linux). audio was the hardest thing to get working smoothly... I have two soundcards, pass one through to Linux, and have a 5cm cable from the output into the line-in of the second card, which has hardware mixing so comes straight out the speakers with no pulseaudio involvement. needed a few registry hacks too (which I can't recall) quite a few people report success with HDMI audio output, but my monitors are too old for this, so I haven't tried it it's all very well to say "wait 30 years", however the Italian/Spanish/Greek governments will realise at some point that their young citizens will not permit them to sacrifice their life chances in their 20s/30s/40s so that Eastern Europe can increase its GDP I'm not saying it's malware free, but if you look at the virustotal report[1] you'll see it picks it up because it has references to things like msn.com and ads.net, which it adds to the hostfile to block the spyware [1]: https://www.virustotal.com/en/file/032d394fd6884a275b8a24dc5... the Bank of England offered to provide 250 billion of liquidity to banks, which is not the same thing as the government spending it buying foreign currency that's almost 512mb of 0/1 bits a day! (not serious, I suspect they're wrapped in a 5kb HTTP request) this isn't the case though, the agreement as a result of Article 50[1] only has to pass through QMV in the Council and through a majority in the Parliament: "That agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with Article 218(3) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. It shall be concluded on behalf of the Union by the Council, acting by a qualified majority, after obtaining the consent of the European Parliament." [1]: http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on... since we're into the absurd (3 and 4 are Treaty breaches), here's a satirical list of how the UK could respond to the above, in increasing order of nastiness: 1. The residency rights of all EU citizens in Britain are contingent on residency rights of Britons in the EU. 2. Cut corporation tax to 0% and freeze all contributions to the EU budget with immediate effect 3. Veto everything possible in the Council until exit, and voting against where QMV applies 4. Send half the Royal Navy to the Mediterranean and offer to transport anyone from Northern Africa to the south of Europe, and use the rest to exclude EU ships from British waters of course once you're at 4 you're basically at war, and then maybe May will press the red button and launch Trident at Brussels a crucial point that many have missed is that independence after a hard brexit would likely result in Scots no longer having the automatic right to work in England. in the previous referendum this wasn't an issue, as the UK and an independent Scotland would both be in the EU together, with the freedom of movement of workers. your average Scot values the ability to work in England much more highly than the ability to work in the EU, so this makes Scottish independence less likely, not more, which explains Sturgeon's recent behaviour. I think Josh Berkus said it best: https://youtu.be/nPG4sK_glls?t=47 is leaving the euro and devaluing the currency, rather than 'internal devaluation' (aka cutting salaries) on the Finnish political agenda? looks like a VAT cut, so I expect the EU commission will be after them too this is an anachronism, the commission regards reduced rates as "an obstacle to the proper functioning of the internal market"[1] for quite a while the commission has attempted to reform VAT, ostensibly for a "simpler, more efficient and robust VAT system" with the intent of "broadening the tax base and limiting the use of reduced rates" to "generate new revenue streams", which is reported in the media as "EU wants to add VAT to food, childrens clothes and books". [1]: http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX... it isn't, the minimum rate is 15% EU wide. there's a lot of rates which were grandfathered in when countries joined the EU, but lowering the VAT on any new products requires unanimous approval in the council. all details are here: http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/vat/eu-vat-rul... additionally, the commission wants to phase out reduced rates (see my other comment) after their heartbleed extortions they really deserve nothing less (and yes, I was a paying customer) go up the energy weapon tree unlimited ammo! why do you think the judiciary cares? note that the UK does not elect its judges if there was no secondary market people likely wouldn't buy into the IPO, as there would be no way to get rid of the stock later so it clearly adds value to the original seller > If you write a contract sufficiently byzantine and ambiguous, any legitimate use will rub up against the edge of some prohibited behaviour. contra proferentem applies in common law, ambiguity benefits the party that did not write the contract otherwise there's no reason to ever write a clear contract fat chance, some back office operations will move (as little as possible), and the lucrative front office work will remain in London as that's where the clients are "filing fees" (confirmation statements) for UK limited companies are around £13/year ( shocking to see it's $800 in California this is why people set up companies, which in the UK costs 13 pounds/year to keep operational limited liability, can't really beat it shifting risk to the creditors is the entire point of limited liability; the risk of deadbeats abusing it is always there, and the ability to pay is something almost every business will take into account when arranging a line of credit amazon could completely negate this risk by requiring pre-payment for small/unknown operators, which is something a lot of people (myself included) desperately want them to provide. I'm sure they've done their sums here, and have figured out the increased revenue from customers not being able to set a budget is more than their potential losses from deadbeats the variable costs are basically zero, after all ( bandwidth and CPU time are worthless if not utilised) what's inflation? less than 1% way below the bank of england's target of 2% seems to me the more accurate title would be "debugging a function in libc" if you've ever had the misfortune of dealing with them on the phone you'd swear they'd have completed this project years ago something doesn't add up here... today the euro is at a 10 year low against the dollar, and the pound against the euro is roughly the same as it was in 2013 > compared to Python or Ruby, where because of the GIL you _must_ place an apache/nginx/haproxy in front of it and also run a bunch of unicorns or something similar on different ports or you know, just call fork() a few times, like Apache has done for more than a decade and fewer Scots voted to remain in the EU than voted to remain in the UK in 2014, by about a quarter what's your point? the SNP know that if the UK leaves the EU single market, then any future indyref discussion would centre around the possibility of the establishment of a hard border between Scotland and England, and even the possibility of Scots needing work permits to work in England the vast majority of Scots value the ability to live and work in the UK more than the ability to live and work in the EU this was not on the agenda in 2014, as both the UK and an independent Scotland would have both been in the EU, with freedom of goods, services and movement given the SNP's inability to respond to the currency question in 2014, the odds of them handling this much more complicated issue seem far more remote the UK leaving the single market is sturgeon's worst nightmare > So the real issue here is that U.K./EU marriages do not give a right to British citizenship yep, and it's likely this situation will change as a result of the brexit negotiations, at the very least to match that of a British citizen marrying a non EU-citizen sounds exactly like jira and bamboo an empty jira instance on hardware meeting their recommended spec used to take 3+ minutes to start up what? Sweden joined in 1995. Denmark and the UK are examples of other EU states that were not communist that do not use the Euro > Yet in some media(particularly in the UK) it's portrayed as EU telling member countries what to do, without any notion that those countries also voted on this issue and agreed to it. this is true, but the EU institution used its power to force through a proposal which several countries were extremely upset with. this was the first real example of Qualified Majority Voting being used in a controversial way, resulting in a lot of people becoming upset... suddenly the EU could no longer be seen as an institution that works almost entirely on consensus it certainly modified my views on whether or not I wanted the EU institutions gaining more power, or even retaining the ones they have at the moment what are the supports built on? because London is sat next door with considerably higher salaries, and everyone there speaks English not to mention setting up a company costs £14, 20% corporation tax (dropping to 17%), tax back for individuals investing in SEIS companies (which is easy for a firm apply for), and R&D tax credits > When people have asked specific questions like "am I going to be able to continue to live here?" ... they haven't recieved answers. the UK Government is has stated it will guarantee the right for EU citizens to remain, if the same right is given to Britons in rEU, however the European Union refuses to engage on the issue ("no negotiation without notification") have you read the first line? > Home Office says in letter that it cannot give unilateral assurances until status of Britons in other EU countries is protected there is certainly a single market for goods, services is far from complete it makes the statement "four freedoms are indivisible" somewhat hollow, because there has never been full freedom of services the veto's power has grossly exaggerated, since the Treaty of Lisbon most decisions are now made using Qualified Majority Voting https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voting_in_the_Council_of_the_E... this is how the spectacularly unpopular migrant relocation was forced through against Eastern Europe's objections indeed, I simply stopped selling services to the rest of the EU as it was not worth the effort in dealing with the new EU VAT regime, even though my small operation is below the threshold for VAT registration in my home country all I'm going to say is that bureaucracies rarely decrease in size it will be all but signed, ready to go on the first day there's very little the EU can do to stop it the accepted mechanism for leaving the Eurozone involves leaving the EU via Article 50 (same as the UK is doing) alternatives include unilateral withdrawal, a treaty change (impossible), or a council vote (difficult as they don't want it to happen) see https://acelg.blogactiv.eu/2013/03/22/how-to-exit-the-eurozo... for a more detailed version > UK was lucky to retain its currency independence. it wasn't luck, it was years of politicians and the population ignoring EU Commission funded pressure groups saying "all your financial services will move, all your business will move, Britain will be poorer" sound familiar? our politicians may be incompetent, but they weren't incompetent enough to join the Euro one of the pro-consumer features of the regular banking system is that it is possible to undo mistakes not possible with bitcoin > There is a very similar dynamic going on with Brexit in the UK the situation in the UK is very different, the political class are still entrenched and not going anywhere, whereas the US seems to be having a clean sweep Theresa May's position that the UK is still open to globalism and wants to sign as many free trade agreements, and reduce barriers to trade as far as possible as the UK leaves the EU. > I think the situation in the UK is very similar - nationalism and patriotism are being exploited to sell people a false story of immigrants taking their jobs, lowering wages and causing crime. I haven't seen any evidence of this, outside of the tabloids (which would be business as usual) > As to Trump being a clean sweep, there's nothing clean about his cabinet or advisors - he has one of the most traditional, male, rich, white cabinets in recent history and even includes family in his inner circle and in meetings. clean sweep as in the old guard and their policies are gone (not the case in the UK) yep, I knew the Amber Rudd speech would be in your reply to my comment. 1) has been thoroughly debunked: she never said what the press accused her of saying. try and find the speech where she's talking about employers making lists of foreigners... you won't be able to because it doesn't exist. I looked quite extensively at the time for it, as I was horrified by what press were reporting her as saying... shame it's fake news. (in actual fact it was one of many potential ideas in a briefing note before the speech) 2) is an opinion piece, not evidence misreporting "we could do this" as "we promise we will do this" counts as fake news in my book headline: "Amber Rudd vows to ... force companies to reveal number of foreigners they employ" simply not true, so it's fake news it does matter if it's an idea under consideration or a plan in action. their job is to consider options, and they binned this one (thankfully). normally this sort of transparency would be seen as a good thing, unfortunately with the vehement overreaction of the press to an immature proposal as if it was policy, I suspect in future we won't find out until the ideas are beyond the proposal stage. if you take a single quote, and ignore everything else they've been saying and doing for the past 6 months, you could indeed say that the UK Government is similar to Trump's administration, but it's simply not an objective assessment. given that EU students will no longer be offered UK student loans or tuition subsidised by UK taxpayers after brexit, this becomes less of an issue as each year passes... it's not exactly easy to collect from former students defaulting on their loan repayment agreements at the moment either (if they're not in the UK) (your argument about GBPEUR also makes no sense, if the euro increased in value that would make the UK cheaper for people holding euros...) there isn't one, because that's not how the market works it's like asking what's the world price for a tuna sandwich, there's a few million places you could buy one, and they all have a different price after the watershed more or less anything is game Android development has regressed heavily I've been building Android software since about 1.5, and these days I can't even create an empty project that builds with Google's toolkit -> create an empty project, hit build, get weird gradle error messages, .so issues, compilation problems, internal IDE errors, UI previewer doesn't work due to some old .jar that gradle has pulled down, and so on. and pressing "build" takes 60 seconds on an empty project! vs. the old ant system that seemed to work out of the box, and would build under a second (and I pay the Jetbrains subscription for IntelliJ for my non-Android work! and love IntelliJ!) if it's public static content what exactly has been compromised? you missed one possibility: that they're deliberately attempting to downplay the severity to make themselves look less incompetent the BBC article lists the facts, which the Guardian chose to omit: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-39099574 - given indefinite leave in 1992 to remain in the UK after her marriage - but this lapsed because she lived outside the UK for more than two years - came back to the UK several times for short visits. She lived in the UK in 2003 until January 2005 and says that during this time she made numerous applications for leave to remain, which were all rejected [overstay] - Mrs Clennell eventually entered the UK in 2013 and made two applications for leave to remain - both were rejected, as was her final application in 2016 [overstay] - "... speaking to the BBC's Fiona Walker from the Scottish detention centre, she said: "I knew that when I got indefinite leave to remain I can't stay outside of the country for more than two years. "But then my husband was with me, he came to live with me for five years in Singapore." this is a textbook case of someone playing the system, including overstaying on a tourist visa several times UK citizenship is granted by residence, not marriage. she had indefinite leave to remain (permanent residency), the only condition to keep it is you have to visit the UK at least once every 2 years, she then spent 8 years outside the UK without visiting, so she lost it. she had the option of taking UK citizenship after five years residence, but chose not to as Singapore doesn't allow dual citizenship. she wouldn't have been granted government accommodation in Singapore as she would be a foreign national the UK border force is literally blameless here, if anything they were over-compassionate in granting her another visa after she overstayed previously, which lead to the eventual detention and deportation the picture in the article is of the UK Border, but the UK is not part of the EU common visa policy. as a result, this reintroduction of visas for US citizens will not apply to US citizens visiting the UK (even if the change occurs pre-Brexit) they're simply EU nationalists instead the EU is already introducing a similar system to the ESTA regardless: http://www.schengenvisainfo.com/brussels-prepares-eu-wide-sc... (doesn't apply to Ireland or the UK) they're proposing requiring full visas for US citizens if the US doesn't comply, the sort where you have to book an appointment with the consulate for an interview and pay several hundred dollars. > The EU government is about 1% of the GDP this is not actually true, the way the EU has been setup is very clever: it does not attribute a large proportion of costs directly incurred by its policies to itself. when powers are transferred to the EU, the national institutions used to implement those powers (that previously served the national government) remain, but now implement the EU's legislative program, but the costs incurred doing so are still paid by the national treasuries. prime examples are civil aviation, food safety and agriculture policy. these departments are essentially operated by and for the EU, yet the expenses of those departments are not correctly attributed to the EU. if these expenses were correctly attributed for that 1% would likely be 3-4x higher, and people would be a lot more upset. namecheap use cloudflare, and didn't email their customers (including me) telling them that they may want to change their password... I have now transferred every single one of my domains away from namecheap I also installed the following extension, and now watch what I put into cloudflare pages: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/claire/fgbpcgddpmj... how does constant_tsc interact with VMs being silently migrated from one physical machine to another? > Raise council tax and make the owner pay for it (not the occupier) and use the proceeds to build more homes. > Eliminate mortgage interest tax deducations how do these help? increasing landlord costs would result in them raising their rents to cover the difference > Raise interest rates this would result in lenders requiring higher deposits (the others make sense) which is 99.99% open source (Chromium), and forms the basis of several competitors to Chrome? compared to the openness of Edge/IE, Google are saints with Chrome go for it! I was very upset with the direction MS took with Windows 10 and have now been running Windows in a VM with graphics passthrough since 2015, with no problems the only real problem I had with setup was sound: emulated sound had buffering issues, as did USB I would suggest buying a cheap soundcard, giving it to the VM and running a cable between its output and line-in on your host (which hopefully has hardware support, so the sound doesn't have to be touched by the CPU by the host system) yeah be careful though, the hardware selection relies on trial and error quite a bit, devices have to support things like MSI interrupts, the board has to have proper ACS support, bios support has to be there, and so on even picking things like graphics cards is a problem, some AMD cards support hot-plugging properly, others of the same generation don't (and just because it's on the datasheet doesn't mean it works in practice :/) come on, essentially the entire Western political structure was on the side of remain they even shipped Obama over might as well just ban all entertainment entirely as it's entirely frivolous this loophole is being "fixed", windows will soon download "essential" updates automatically over metered connections regardless http://www.techradar.com/news/windows-10-could-start-pushing... I was very similar, I started out quite strongly in favour of remaining, did quite a lot of research and ended up firmly stuck on the fence, with my only reasons to stay being any to avoid taking any economic damage > There's a solid base of racist idiots in the UK - proud "patriots" who don't understand how to invest in the future, but do understand tribal flag waving and imperial nostalgia. I've lived in the UK 30 years and I've never heard any nostalgia for the empire at all > But she's using them to pursue far-right extremist Tory policy - which means the end of the welfare state, the end of affordable public health insurance, the end of free education, and so on I must have missed these parts of the tory manifesto, can you point out where any of these things are promised, or being acted upon? > Wales is making noises about leaving, so is London both completely unrealistic this sort of hysteria helps no-one, and only undermines any genuine points you may have you are completely ignoring the collaboration of the Commission with Volkswagen on their diesel emissions fraud, which has resulted in the early deaths of thousands of people Microsoft bundling a media player is nothing in comparison of course, MS, Google and Apple are American firms, while VW is German on most equity exchanges a market order that would result in an execution 30% below the open/last price would be blocked and trigger an auction "circuit breakers" they aren't "many times more expensive" compare BT[1] (£44.99 for 12 months, then £53.99) with AAISP[2] (£45) once you add on "a couple of quid VPS a month", you could even go for the AAISP 1TB package at £60/month [1]: https://www.productsandservices.bt.com/products/broadband-pa... [2]: http://www.aaisp.net.uk/broadband-home1.html > I'm acting accordingly cautiously, and have cut my spending considerably since the referendum thankfully you aren't the majority; we really would have had a recession if everyone had cut their spending this sort of doom-saying and cherry-picking of statistics to derive a narrative is in itself harmful, as the economy is almost entirely based on consumer demand and confidence brexit itself doesn't change the fact there's a short term business cycle driven by credit and low interest rates > At the moments large parts of the handling of the UK economy appears to be based on trying to push problems ahead of us in the hope that things will start looking rosier some day. capitalism is based entirely on eternal exponential growth, which is clearly not sustainable, there's nothing UK specific about this the plural of anecdote is not data you only need to leak a few bits here and there once or twice and the connections can be linked together 95 pages worth! until I can turn it off entirely I'm never touching Windows ever again the cynic in me suspects the apology is a result of Leah's bottom line being seriously affected: Leah has a business that sells libreboot based products > The problem I see with IPv6 is that it very much encourages a unique, even static address for each device on your network this is what ipv6 privacy addresses[1] are for! they are on by default on Windows, for Linux you need change a sysctl [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPv6#Privacy the UK did not have VAT prior to joining the EU VATmoss has been disastrous for small online UK businesses. UK businesses do not have to register for VAT until their turnover exceeds a figure (£80,000 odd). with VATmoss: if they have any EU customers they must either VAT register in the UK (which adds 20% to their UK prices), OR register and fill out VAT returns for each member state they have customers in, which is not really feasible I have simply stopped selling to EU customers... "single market", yeah right. The EU commission's answer to this has been "we know this is a problem for small businesses. we'll sort it out when we discuss it in 2019"... not good enough. all this bureaucracy was an attempt to try and get Amazon to pay their fair share of VAT... to hell with the small businesses the variable costs for digital services are essentially zero (make once, sell many times), so having an extra 20% tax makes a phenomenal difference to either profit or competitiveness > I simply shut down. likewise, I simply now do not sell to customers based in the EU outside of my country the EU is run for the benefit of large businesses, small business is simply an afterthought no VAT: - £10,000 to produce a infinitely reproducible widget -> costs of £10,000 - sell 5,000 times for £10 -> income £50,000 profit of £40,000 with VAT: - £10,000 to produce a infinitely reproducible widget, all allowable, 20% VAT back -> costs of £8,000 - sell 5,000 times for £10 - (approx) £2 VAT -> income of £40,000 now I have a profit of £32,000 instead if I'm selling mostly domestically the logical conclusion is to no longer sell to non-domestic EU customers all of my customers, bar one, are non-VAT-registered the actual numbers above are examples, but the scenario matches mine pretty much perfectly, so I'm not sure why you would say that I'm misrepresenting anything these are digital services, not cars or cans of soup it is misleading, it's hard to read the post as anything other than the announcement of an acquisition, once you remove the corporate waffle this hasn't been true since 1983 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_subject#After_1983 this isn't how ETFs work at all have a read about the ETF redemption mechanism[1]: it is almost the exact opposite to the way mutual funds work (which is what you have described) their behaviour at times of stress is correspondingly different to that of a mutual fund http://www.investopedia.com/articles/mutualfund/05/062705.as... the enterprise edition has telemetry too, which can't be completely disabled they'll probably move the logic into the kernel and use patchguard to defend it how much did the rover cost? your receipt will show you who you paid VAT to my local is a franchise and it shows the name of the local franchise owner yep, assuming complete combustion and completely pure fuel the diesel car ban is slowly approaching http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/02/17/drivers-older-die... there's no reason not to have it as part of your portfolio probably a small part, to be fair, especially if you own your own home it doesn't go to the OS each time you call malloc() the first time malloc() is invoked it will ask the OS for an oversized chunk of memory(probably using mmap() or sbrk()) allocations consist of incrementing a pointer, or pulling a a chunk off a freelist, both of which are effectively free mmap() is very fast to call too, so I'm not sure what you're on about regardless, curl is a piece of software that spends 99.99% of its time waiting for network traffic well yes, they removed the network overhead and disk overhead by running it on localhost and writing to /dev/null, and once you remove two bottlenecks you'll find that something else becomes the new bottleneck libc is not the OS, it's the standard library for C, in the same way the java class library isn't the OS, it's the standard library for java so what, to return from a freelist you alter the head pointer to point to the next item and return it that's what, 2 or 3 instructions? even if you push that upto a few hundred it's still effectively free compared to anything else curl is going to do (e.g. writing to the disk) if it's unordered (like you'd expect a list of sockets to be) you can get O(1) removal for an array by swapping the end item into the removed slot kernels don't tend to give userspace raw pointers into kernel memory a good chunk of the fun in kernel code is maintaining the various layers of self-referential lists and dealing with the cleanup I wonder how many hundreds of kilobytes that adds up to in a 20gb windows install could someone explain the purpose behind this software? nearly all of the features it provides should belong in the HTTP client itself it seems unlikely that you make your software faster or more reliable by adding more hops things like naming, load balancing and service discovery can be done by a well managed dynamic dns system monitoring / "circuit breakers" would probably require a proxy I guess amusingly that's about 50% of the size of the webpage itself (2.4mb) as a counter example I've implemented it myself for non-trivial systems using short TTL SRV records, and it's worked very well indeed you can use existing tools to introspect state (e.g. dig), and with sufficient logging it's perfectly debuggable er, yes! it works perfectly, around 97% of the native performance (according to 3dmark) I've been using mine for almost 2 years now, the only problems I had was laggy/glitchy sound (which was fixed by an extra $20 soundcard and a line-in cable) random nearly constant periodic auctions would be how I would fix it something like the Turquoise Uncross: http://www.lseg.com/sites/default/files/content/documents/TU... title of article says it now supports seamless reloading? what's the alternative to reloading on config change? automatic detection and reload on file change? personally I prefer the explicit action they don't attach to the PC at all they are a simple standalone device you put your card into they look like this: http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/04452dfd35964790b44ee6514745de5c/n... to transfer money you enter your PIN, then the target account number and amount to transfer, and it gives you a code you type into the browser the rebate is only present as the way the contributions are calculated would lead to Britain paying many times per captia then other large rich nations due to the structure of its economy, and adding a rebate is politically easier than adjusting the contribution formula other countries then have a rebate on the rebate... norway chooses to stay out, so is not a fair comparison it is politically impossible to pay a bill of that scale when the UK has paid in for 40 years the prime minister would be out within hours and would be replaced by someone who would refuse to pay it it's ireland... abortion is still illegal in nearly all circumstances, divorce was only legalised in 1997 and only in very specific circumstances it is concerning that the EU's incompetence has contributed towards 35% of French voters choosing the extreme right on the current path, she will be in in 2022 (especially as youth are heavily voting Le Pen) so the peace was nothing to do with the fact the USSR had several million troops, tens of thousands of nuclear weapons and a few thousand tanks 10 miles away? former largest economy: after brexit the EU27 economy will be smaller than the US 10.2.1 Apps that browse the web must use the appropriate HTML and JavaScript engines provided by the Windows Platform. and Microsoft is now completely back its 1990s behaviour the only thing that is likely to halt is the unrestricted freedom of movement for EU workers the view amongst the UK electorate is not and has never been "all immigration is bad", surveys reveal that a majority of the UK electorate actually support an increase in migration of highly skilled workers they simply perceive unskilled migration to be a problem, and within the EU there is no ability to control it as a result: for the highly skilled from other parts of the world it will likely become easier and cheaper to migrate to the UK (and the government has been making noises to this effect) depends who you're trying to thwart TV downloading updates? it'll probably work trying to stop MS from spying on you? they have engineered parts of the stack to avoid things like firewall and hosts file blocks, so presumably they have an IP hardcoded in case you block all their hostnames at the DNS level every few weeks Microsoft validate my decision to move my (declining) use of Windows entirely into VMs if gaming is the problem you can run Windows in a VM at 97% native speed with GFX passthrough, been doing this for almost 2 years now without any problems the vfio subreddit has a lot of info: https://www.reddit.com/r/VFIO/ MS are then free to spy on me playing starcraft as much as they want if the offshored personnel work via a bodyshop then the incentives are completely different compared to direct employees, and the resulting work is considerably lower quality (at least in my experience) if offshored personnel are direct employees it's a completely different story given the main cost saving comes from being able to "ramp the size of the pool up and down to meet demand" most large companies opt for the bodyshop solution... you can patch the driver, and next time you upgrade don't purchase an nvidia product the UK could be broadly described as anti-low-skilled immigration most of the UK electorate support increasing the level of highly skilled migration http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/half-of-britis... every case I've read about has received the standard automatic rejection letter for not filling in the form correctly (e.g. for not including your passport) given the Home Office never expected EU migrants to apply for permanent residency, the response was appropriate prior to the referendum result it no longer is, and the Home Office now have updated guidance on the matter I'm sure it wasn't nice to receive that letter, but it just a case of the government bureaucratic machine responding at glacial speed to change, as normal not all European countries the UK, Estonia and Greece meet their obligations here, please don't lump us in with the freeloaders it is an asset to who holds it, to the US government it is a liability it's just another form of competition right? all car firms offer lower and lower loans rates to try to get you to buy their product, and eventually the rate reaches 0% they're nearly all incomprehensible... there's no way anyone would ever guess most of the meanings just run BEGIN TRANSACTION before would probably confuse people the Defamation Act 2013 fixed a lot of the problems with the libel laws however I really don't understand the surveillance thing absolutely, and it should be clear to everyone that the last 12 months has thoroughly dispelled the market's predictive power headline isn't supported by article or speech a chromebook? I never saw why this interference in the free market was needed when it was making progress, and in some circumstances already provided solutions to the problem on Three I've had free roaming for years, at no additional cost, across the EU and a good chunk of the rest of the world http://www.three.co.uk/feel-at-home that's alright, they'll just legislate to prevent price rises too > after all only Ireland uses it as its official language so far don't forget Malta! that's not true, virtual 8086 mode is gone but you can still execute 16-bit programs fine Windows 10 running in 32-bit on 64-bit processors manages this without issue, so it can't be the hardware the real reason is they couldn't be bothered to work around some of the technical issues: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa384249.aspx you're perfectly free to pay $10/year for a manually issued certificate from one of 50 other providers skype for business is by far the worst piece of software I've used in the past 5 years things randomly don't work (e.g. video in groups, picture whiteboards in groups), there's an inability to turn off highlights in group messages, and my machine locks up when a voice call comes in (because the skype client is using 4gb of RAM and windows has swapped it out) only the MS group chat software comes close to being that awful, that feels like an intern's first C# app or do it to the binaries: > setcap 'cap_net_bind_service=+ep' /path/to/executable huge blog post for what is literally a one line fix they were a pain in the ass I had paid them for more than 5 years to provide a cert for my hobbyist website, then one day on a random subdomain decided that it was an 'organisation' and started demanding more money to verify this organisation, when there was no real organisation at all what do you think the odds are of the company running .systems being around in 10 years? 50%? those comments are no better than: i++; /* increase i by one */ sure, break up a larger regex to reflect its structure and comment those sections, but something like \\d{3} or [-.]? should really not need commenting people's phones have their passwords from their google/firefox accounts, their email, and tend to be their 2FA device for google authenticator... not really 2FA anymore to be fair if you are running the latest android or have an iphone that's probably better than having it all on your exploit ridden PC, but it's still 1FA it's more the automatic silent updating that's the problem people sell their high value extensions, then the new owners load them full of malware chrome doesn't let you turn the updating off... I have previously resorted to removing update URL from the extension manifest manually... on one hand the EU is criticising Trump for threatening to institute trade barriers, whilst it is simultaneously threatening to institute trade barriers against the UK (unless it pays vast sums of money, and then it's only to begin talking about a free trade agreement) can anyone explain why the EU is viewed as some sort of kind, progressive organisation, when in reality acts like a bitter, protectionist bully? it is not asking for the "benefits of membership", the UK Government is asking for a free trade agreement along the lines of that agreed with Canada that is not in question, but full membership is now politically unacceptable to the UK electorate the UK Government wants to keep barriers to trade as low as possible, it is seeking a free trade agreement the EU is currently ratifying the Canadian FTA, and last week announced agreement with Japan had been reached that would reduce barriers by 99%[1]... whilst simultaneously threatening the UK with increased barriers to trade [1]: https://www.ft.com/content/c874d02a-60ba-11e7-91a7-502f7ee26... as long as the EU regulated bits split off into different parts of the EU (Dublin, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam), there's little threat to the long-term future of London's financial sector however, if they all end up in one place, that would be a significant long-term threat so what's this? http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ceta/ceta-explaine... > Btw, only someone with no historical perspective whatsoever would question the progressive credentials of the EU (given the recent history of some of its members: communist rule, military and fascist dictatorship, sectarian division) or accuse it of being protectionist I would challenge you to explain how the Common External Tariff combined with the Common Agricultural Policy are not protectionist (tariffs average 18%)! outside of the CAP: there are plenty of other examples of heavy protectionism in the CET. sugar and coffee are two easy examples. sugar has a heavy import tariff: to give the domestic EU sugar beet industry an huge advantage over the cane sugar business in the developing world coffee is more insidious: processed coffee has a heavy import tariff, whilst unprocessed coffee has no tariff at all, this prevents producers in developing countries from developing the profitable part of the industry, forcing them to sell the raw produce at low prices to the EU there are plenty of other examples, the net effect of being that if you are a developing nation: the EU is not an easy destination for your goods yes, it took a while to negotiate the UK wants an "ambitious free trade agreement", not membership of the single market, if you don't believe me see https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/the-governments-negot... So we do not seek membership of the single market. Instead we seek the greatest possible access to it through a new, comprehensive, bold and ambitious free trade agreement. I didn't say "compared to other large economies", I said it was protectionist in itself, which it is yes, the CAP was a product of its time, but it's still there, it still makes up a huge 39% of the budget[1] (down from 79%, true), and the external tariffs on agriculture average out to a whopping 18% if this isn't protectionism, what is? [1]: https://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/sites/agriculture/files/cap... I think Futurama got it right with their "voodoo economists" it also preempts the upset when the train leaves empty to go off to the depot/siding finally I can remove the win32 specific code from all the open source software I maintain not sure that was what Microsoft was going for though... it's a maintenance cost I have to maintain a separate build system for Windows, all the win32 specific code, and also test under Windows... and most of this requires a Windows license if I can rip all of that out by outsourcing the compatibility testing to Microsoft: all the better, even if I have to add a line to the documentation requiring users to check a checkbox once in some control panel somewhere not as if the same thing is happening in France, Germany or the EU is it? https://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/02/28/german_french_minis... sadly it seems as if all security services in nearly all developed countries want this sort of thing, and the UK is simply a few months ahead here the Parliament doesn't have any ability to legislate to stop it the governments of the member states (essentially the Council) want it, so it will happen if you banned "competitive salary" they'd simply exaggerate the figure, then at the negotiation stage state "oh we say that to attract people" been there before... wasn't happy they didn't pay several million dollars to get added to the checklist London Underground trains on the Victoria line are driven by computer and use a moving block system this included the stations: you would have one train coming in the back as the previous train was still going out the front apparently they special cased the stations to not do this, as this used to cause upset amongst the passengers! neither do the attacks, which is the point the plot of Tomorrow Never Dies wasn't that far fetched after all? that's quite impressive as Linux also contains the source code for mountains of hardware, from the most ancient to (almost) the most modern it very rarely works... you click it and then it asks to update your credit card details (even though I've been buying using that card for years) chrome, no proxy, UK amazon from the UK it's probably because I don't use 1-click that often, because it is rarely 1-click, which leads to me not using it very often (I use normal buying constantly though) if it's a chrome extension there's nothing stopping a court forcing Google to add a modification for a certain user no different to having your javascript decryption routines done by a website the changes for each new release of IntelliJ IDEA gets smaller each year there's a reason they moved to a subscription model in this specific case they would be messing with the UK government on a controversial topic in the public view... the contractual penalty would be the least of their worries because the law says so, and the law was written by bureaucrats with no understanding of the industry or of the extremely predictable outcomes of their legislation so you're going to punish the brexit voter by doing exactly what they want and leaving good job they won't do it as it's one of their major selling points: one click ssl by offering the "flexible ssl" option at all it seems that they couldn't give a toss whether on not it actually protects anyone good luck if it's a .uk domain, I tried moving a couple of mine away and eventually had to force the transfers through nominet, which cost me money! thankfully .uk domains have this option, otherwise I would have been screwed their support kept saying "its the fault of the registry"... I did a test from another supplier for transferring a .uk domain and it went through instantaneously 66 days after I forced the transfer I received the email from namecheap saying "domain transferred out"... what the hell namecheap's systems appear to be antiquated and the support are worse than useless I would advise anyone avoids "resellers" for domains, at least if you go directly to the registrar there's one level of bullshit removed the appointed commission forms the government (executive), not the parliament the head of the commission is chosen by the parliament, and the head of the commission then appoints commissioners commissioners have a tendency to be disgraced former national politicians who have become unelectable at home (e.g. Jean-Claude Juncker, Peter Mandelson) that would seem to be a extremely stupid way of converting hobbyists into paying commercial users yep, there were some clockless ARM cpus (never really took off though) asynchronous digital logic forms part of any reasonable digital circuit design course :) ~6000 undergrad oxbridge places/year, divided by ~1 million 18 year olds[1] == around 0.6%, so 1 in 166 [1]: http://www.indexmundi.com/graphs/population-pyramids/united-... for one there's no legacy admissions at Oxford or Cambridge... that's funny, I don't remember consulting my government this morning when I paid for a cup of coffee with cash must? there's more to the world than the United States I live in the UK, there's no sales tax and the sole trader selling coffee at my local railway station is almost certainly below the VAT registration threshold, so there's no tax on the purchase at all regardless, paying a tax embedded in the price of a good is not the same thing as consulting the government on the purchase given complete freedom, the EU would probably ban youtube from the EU entirely as it doesn't meet the minimum requirement of 30% EU created content https://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/05/25/eu_pegs_homegrown_n... UK politicians would find that far too restrictive! nearly every Budget affects duty on things like beer and petrol, and go into effect at midnight people know to fill up their car the night before! where are you getting that for $6? all the reddit users from the linked article missed the SIGPIPE trick! you don't need to check the return value from write() as your process will be terminated with SIGPIPE if it tries writing to a closed pipe. saying that, none of them check the return code correctly: if the consumer only reads a byte at a time you could eventually get 'yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy' (without any newlines) quite impressive that so many implementations of "yes" have the same bug :) you wouldn't see it on Linux as pipes are implemented using complete pages (always powers of 2), but there's probably some OS out there with a different implementation where you can set the buffer size to be an odd number, and then you'd see the bug with plain simple cat I didn't say you'd likely see it in practice :) just a reminder that redshift exists: https://github.com/jonls/redshift/ no phone home/automatic updates (plus it's open source) it's like the old adage that "the NSA really love people using PGP email, as it immediately reveals who's worth watching" was it not round? > If I recall correctly, the EU never said that if the UK left, they would take steps to liquidate Parliament. it had no ability to, and never has even without Article 50 the UK could have unilaterally withdrawn from the treaties, and the EU would have no recourse whatsoever that's standard copyright infringement though, rather than an explicit law? presumably if google broke your crappily marked up website then you'd be able to justify fixing it? so what's the problem? author's virtual_alloc() function is mostly redundant as most malloc() and calloc() implementations will use mmap() internally if the allocation is large (the result being that that physical page won't be allocated until you touch the memory) also I think that double mapped ring buffer implementation is bogus without a volatile keyword in there somewhere